  you dream of a european country that they will never let happen , each of them for different reasons : some because it will be seen as a barrier to further globalism , some because they see nationalism and pan-nationalism as the devil itself , some because they want the eu to pay back the world what it has supposedly taken ( the guilt-ridden type ) . 
  there is no one brand of europeism and your mistake , as much as it was mine , was to believe that because someone is enthusiastic about the eu , then that person wants it to be an independent , strong and fierce country . 
  that is n't the case . 
  the overwhelming majority of those people would gladly dismantle any kind of transcendantal reason a human could feel part of , whether it is a nation , a super-nation or a culture . 
  the one you are living and were born in ; also , this still applies to other poles , mr. special snowflake . 
  those are n't mutually exclusive , the timing is n't a coincidence ... c'mon . 
  funny how the euists pretend they want to save the peace of europe ... only to bring out threats of harsh response and dumb judgmement of an entire nation because the result of a referendum does n't please their globalist tendencies . 
  if you do n't develop your country , who is going to do it ? 
  you are essentially taking side for protecting the status-quo here , saying that 41 % can force 59 % to remain when they do n't want to . 
  a nation is what it is : a cohesive block of citizens , even if you do not agree with the outcome of the referendum , your duty as a citizen is to accept and show solidarity with the democratic decision . 
  otherwise human societies become atomized and it is everyone against everyone . 
  more than that !, 
  farage was excluded from the vote leave campaign . 
  he was excluded from the leave campaign ... what the hell are you talking about ? 
  they are only arrogant because they are hurt and defeated . 
  do n't be too harsh with them , reality has already beaten them up and / r/europe is the place they can gather to lick each other 's wounds . 
  that is before reality beat them up again . 
  it is useless to take this sub seriously , the europeist will only further radicalize , imitating the nationalist boogeyman they have crafted in their mind to have a purpose . 
  direct democracy is a way to get a political object legitimized by the nation 's sovereignity . 
  you can criticize the way but not the outcome of it , especially when its constitutional value is the highest . 
  do you understand ? 
  criticizing direct democracy would be saying that it does not yield the best possible outcome , but rejecting the outcome of it is straight-up authoritarianism . 
  in a secular nation , there are no higher way to legitimize your legislative object that through a referendum arch\u00ea and t\u00ealos . 
  the french have n't forgotten what happened in 2005 - it has led to the fn to become the single largest political force in the country . 
  voiding the referendum will just prove farage is right ; and the fact that you consider it an option speaks volume about your respect for democracy . 
  they will lead the first round , gather the most votes and then the `` right '' and `` left '' will coalize against them . 
  the fn is unlikely to win the national elections but they are going to send a shitload of mps to the national assembly , for the first time in history . 
  during the last parliementary elections they gathered ~ 3,500,000 votes but only got 2 mps , which tells you what kind of tsunami we are expecting for 2017 . 
  if things continue this way , with the left and right doing basically the same stuff , like they did for the past 30 years , the fn is going to take it all in 2022 . 
  it is already the single largest political force in the country atm . 
   the guy talking about juncker tusk etc had a good point . 
  rayciss scum, 
  good , thank god the europeist are idiots . 
  i ca n't wait to watch the dominos fall . 
  cet emphase , vraiment / r/cringe - worthy, 
  there would literally be a coup in france ... hollande has less than 12 % of approval ratings . 
  the fn is cruising at around 33 % in private polls for the 1st round of the coming national election , followed by the conservatives who are at 21 % . 
   more jobs and tighter border control ( less immigrants from africa ) . 
  the margin is quite reduced , there is structural unemployment in the eurozone , which is the result of policies decided by the bce to limit inflation to around 2 % . 
  mitterand is viewed as a manipulator , treatorious piece of shit by both the right , far-right and far-left . 
  and the french disavowed federalisation and the eu twice , through a referendum and a parliementary election . 
  wake-up . 
   what is ecu, 
  b-but ... if we give them handouts , this will counter-balance the desindustrialisation and the ever-increasing producing costs r-r ... right ? 
  the uk is one of the largest contributor to the eu budget , that is n't like they ca n't re-allocate their funds now that this burden is gone . 
  uk will do very well , speculators are speculating atm , you are taking your desires for reality . 
  the salt is already good but the one that is to come will be exceptional . 
   it 's not only about de and fr . 
  uk mainly exports to eastern europe for example and these countries used to get working rights in return . 
  no eu immigration - no deal . 
  de and fr export way more to eastern europe and other member states . 
  you ca n't cherry pick free movement of goods and capital only and leave out workers . 
  we will see how well this super strong resolve survive the test of time . 
  we are n't in the 90s anymore , the migrant crisis has shown it , the russian crisis has shown it , the war in mali has shown it , it is a free for all now . 
  this man gets it . 
  and this thread shows it well , how people from the cities who do n't understand what kind of doom has fell down on rural areas , who are neither the most exposed , nor the most vulnerable to globalisation , despise the more modest classes . 
  the people of the uk are n't stupid , they are exhausted and they say fuck you . 
  hopefully more follows . 
  idiots !, 
  lol - brace yourself for the koolaid hangover , you forget to talk about structural unemployment , the wonderful non-accelerating inflation rate of unemployment for the euz , the desindustrialisation ... provoked by reckless free trade agreements , the massive migraiton and cultural insecurity it creates ... europeans have never been sadder than now , maybe , just maybe , money is n't everything to them . 
  2005 - never forget . 
  fuck the eu . 
  `` this is the end to trump 's campaign '' x13 `` he will never get the nomination '' x25 `` x says that trump will loose badly '' x57 - increasingly nervous american liberals, 
  this sub ... just nuke it . 
  the eu is a * suis generis * political structure , it roughly means that it is an experiment like no other in modern history and when we tied extremely heterogenous economies together through a common currency ( not for uk obv . 
  ) , free trade and the regulations that have to come with it , when we did that , we had no idea how it would turn out . 
  entering and leaving the union have that in common , but somehow remainers think that it is reckless when the other side does it . 
  france 's exports to uk represent around 41b eur ( 8 % ) - brexit will have a domino effect and the europeists chauvinism will only accelerate that phenomena . 
  it is sweet when your adversaries 's arrogance play a role in their own demise . 
  2005 never forget . 
  see , i think your condescendance is feeding the phenomena you are denouncing . 
  the english have a good word for that : self-righteousness . 
  you do realize that everyone is always convinced of the truth of the ideas they are defending . 
  common people primarily resorting to empirical data ( i.e living quality , cultural happiness etc. ), 
  to gauge whether or not they should stay in the eu is normal and to be expected in a society that is not based on human or machine slavery ? 
  you can not have anything close to a firm grasp of the dynamics and inner working of the eu without extensive research review on the topic . 
  if you believe a university course or a book does make you better than a north england fisherman who has seen his living quality plummeted and who can not recognize the country left by his forefathers in the name of londoners ' latest trendy utopia you are wrong . 
  both because you overestimate your own understanding of * suis generis * technocratic superstructure and the suffering of those who foot the bill of the blank cheque political elites have given to an entity that has started to canibalize them . 
  see constant 's comments on the freedom of the ancients and those of the moderns . 
  and be a little more humble and open minded , people are n't as dumb as you believe they are , and you are not as smart as you think are . 
   also , according to guardian 's charts , remain was preferred by people who are educated and financially sustainable . 
  could it be ... could it be that those who are the most vulnerable and suffer the most from globalism are the ones who are the most adamant about stopping it ? 
  ever heard of common decency ? 
   a huge number of people completely ignorant regarding economics or politics just possibly screwed everything up for the next generations . 
  and a minority of well educated intellectuals got their utopia crushed by the vile nationalists ... who will stand for progress ? 
  for good ? 
  for humanity against darkness and evilness . 
  ; __ ; i hate poor people now, 
  just like the eu , it did n't seem to be a problem back then ? 
  do you realize that the defiance toward the eu is at an all-time high in france , netherlands and greece ? 
  what kind of use would it be without france , greece and the netherlands ? 
  6 years `` je te l'avais dit '', 
  you are glad that our democracy is n't functionning ? 
  that the largest party in france ( wrt voters ) have 2 mps ? 
  and just so you know , ukip had only 1 mp in the british parliament . 
  the fn has shifted the political debate to the right , they have already won and it is only a matter of time before they get to power . 
  jupp\u00e9 will win . 
  he will do what he is expected to do : maintain the status-quo . 
  the fn is expected to get 100 mps in the national assembly . 
  the canibalization of the french right is accelerating , and defiance towards the eu is growing simultaneous on the far-right and far-left .
