which is what is actually happening with poles, 
  to be fair to those guys , the ottoman were the real problem starters of the middle east . 
   , in the most despicable ways . 
  what 's so despicable ? 
  tell me . 
  this meme needs to die , we are n't in the 1930s . 
  and you would get exactly the same attitude from the us if russia 's sphere of influence were to extend to mexico or canada , or countries in south america . 
  woah . 
  they dare not to bow to the us and protect their sphere of influence from america 's military alliance whose expanding far beyond the atlantic north . 
  crazy russians , i really do n't know why they make such a big deal out of it . 
   because putin is hostile to the west , putinism is inimical to western ideals . 
  american imperialism sure is n't ? 
  the million of people dead in iraq has stripped you from any moral highground you could have . 
  and let 's not talk about all the regime changes and destabilization you did all around the world . 
  putin is n't great , but america sure is n't better . 
  so , just to be clear , according to you , if western europe was n't aligned on the us 's foreign policy what would they do ? 
  but that does not contradict what i said at all ?!, 
  quite the contrary, 
   or they would be the ones offering support to the eastern eu . 
  how does that contradict thesis that western european `` powers '' are aligned on america 's foreign policy ? 
  france , germany or `` any other european power '' have foreign policy aligned on america 's ( and only marginally so on their own national interests ) . 
  hahahaha good one mate, 
  the us is n't a charity and they will continue to pay so long it is in their interest to do that . 
  the us does not give a crap about you , your country or your culture , they care about the us 's . 
  why should they ? 
  how about americans stay in america and europeans start caring for themselves . 
  damn we really have close languages, 
  just, 
  juncker campaigning for brexit in ... 2034, 
  jean-claude `` not responsible before the eu parliament '' juncker, 
  i hate those people too, 
  democracy * ^ 1 ^ 2 ^ 3 ^ 4 ^ 5, 
  toothpaste people are confirmed based . 
  seriously . 
  i am so jealous right now :'(, 
  rare, 
  governments ( repeatedly ) ignoring referendum is paving the way to make that scenario a reality . 
  should there be another ignored referendum in france and i would fully support whoever attempts to make our popular sovereignty respected . 
  what a great people . 
  democracy at work , that 's how it 's done, 
  they were trying to form a state within the state and brought two hundreds years of civil war, 
  careful with gluttony my globalist friend, 
  yeah sure the uk is the problem ... 
  the head of the eu commission who allowed his country , a founding member of the european union , to become a tax-heaven for european companies certainly is n't . 
  we will see, 
  proof . . ? 
  yes we can, 
  nope, 
  you are joking but there is a reason why it is almost impossible to get a part-time job ( low-wage ) job in france ( and it is not the regulation which are pretty liberal on that matter ) . 
  whereas in country like canada , with regulated immigration inflow , it is very common for students and sometimes high-schooler to have a part-time job to help pay for their living expenses . 
  toothpaste best people, 
  spanish wine is obviously superior , it can be used as bleach or as an acid to cripple political opponents, 
  yeah no thanks, 
  ... sigh . 
   you complained about neoliberalism  academia sees as a net benefit . 
  glad we can agree, 
  you can quote half of my sentence if you want but that does not fool anyone one bit, 
   greece knew what they signed up for by taking imf money . 
  they did not have a choice but i agree otherwise it does not make the violence of this agenda any better in my opinion , i do n't think that federalism will ever recover - if anything morally - from this . 
  we have n't seen the full damages done to southern europe yet . 
   this is such a silly comment , arguing against the scary ` neoliberal ' boogieman . 
  who is this evil ` neoliberal ' boogieman that keeps trying to impose more and more evils upon the poor peoples of greece ? 
  it 's not a `` boogieman '' it is an ideology that is three centuries old and dominant in among the eu-fanboys . 
  they want free movement of capital , humans and goods for everyone , liberalisation of labour markets and more generally take-down nation-states as they are natural `` regulatory '' enemies and shape countries ' cultural identities ( market segmentation ? 
  bad bad bad - we need everyone to listen to the same music , speak the same language , like the same things , eat the same things and * consume * the same shit ) . 
  remember ? 
  you do n't need to play dumb . 
  in that particular case it is the eurogroup . 
   this seems really counterproductive , and i 'd have to question for what reason you think they 're doing this . 
  i do n't think there is `` one '' single reason , most probably it is a combination of the following : - complete lack of political integrity and responsibility : no politicians ( including tsipras ) or country wants to bear the responsibility for crushing the `` european utopia '' ( which has turned into a globalist 's wet dream ) . 
  - preventing the eurozone from blowing-up by buying time ( as i said , the greeks do n't have the time to wait ) - avoiding to set a precedent to country that may face a similar situation ( spain , portugal comes to mind ) - lady bundesbank 's complete control over what goes on at the ecb ( and about everywhere it matters ) . 
  the germ ans have a lot to leverage . 
  the eu is in much more dire state than what you can read on this subreddit . 
   `` reforms '' does not necessarily mean austerity let 's be honest , in the mouth of the eurogroup finance ministers `` reform '' means labour market deregularisation ( or `` liberalisation '' as they like to say ) and massive austerity cuts . 
  no , it 's not . 
  however the more we wait the more it is going to be costly and there is indeed a tipping point after which we become a new lebanon . 
  but i have hopes . 
  people , even on the `` multikulti '' side , are realizing that they have been fooled and that there is value in cultural homogeneity . 
  some people have conflated multi-ethnicism with multi-culturalism on purpose to confuse the minds . 
  this meme is dying . 
   every native frenchman has an identical vision of what the french culture and lifestyle is ( or is supposed to be ) ? 
  culture is , as bourdieu used to say for the `` state '' , an `` unthinkable '' object . 
  as soon as you try to think and define it : it escapes you . 
  and as he correctly analysed , this is because culture is a breathing , living entity entrenched in all of us . 
  that does not mean the `` state '' , or `` culture '' for that matter , does not exist . 
  now there is cultural idiosyncracies that are shared by an overwhelming majority of french people , la\u00efcit\u00e9 is one of them , but more generally : knowledge of french history , traditions and identity landmarks all heavily influenced by judeo-christian theology ( separation of the church and the state of 1905 ? 
  `` give back to caesar what belongs to caesar and to god what belongs to god '' - the fact that the king of france centralized its power and eventually overwhelmed the authority of the pope is not a coincidence ... but you have to know french history to understand that ) . 
   correct me if i 'm wrong , but that just means having to pass a few tests . 
  at least that 's the case in most countries . 
  it does n't mean that people have actually been assimilated and accepted what they learned , especially in terms of lifestyle and culture . 
  learning the language is pretty much the only thing on that list that can stick . 
  yes because most european countries have gave up assimilation , either for `` multiculturalism '' or for what is perceived as a softer kind of assimilation ( we call it `` integration '' in french ) . 
  as i say in one of my other comment , the main tools for assimilation are education and the law . 
  school has a role to play in that it should gives all children strong knowledge about the country 's history , culture and social codes . 
  that is not something that can be acquired alone , or it is very difficult . 
  if school does not play its role , then the parents of the natives find alternatives to transmit those cultural assets to their kids and children of immigrants end up with an identity crisis and ca n't assimilate . 
  they are condemned to a life of marginalisation . 
   i 'm fine with them having to learn the language . 
  so wait . 
  you were a man of no compromise a second ago and no , when faced by the logical consequence of your own rigid arguments you back-pedal ?
