  call it however you want , to me it often is racism , and those who complain about `` pc culture '' or whatever the current trendy buzzword is are usually the same who 'll say very racist stuff right after that . 
  he just cares as much about the 100 times as many non-european who recently died in syria , libya or the mediterannean , which is understandable, 
   based on supremacist crap that 's pretty much was nationalism was about already ( just read what nationalists , even true republicans like ferry , said about races and other nations ) , fascism and nazism only took it beyond that . 
  nationalism exists only with an enemy , whether an inside or outside one or often both , which is to be blamed for why the obviously superior nation is not performing as well as it should . 
  it 's a political culture that does n't accept any alternative to conflict , and thus considerably reinforced antisemitism , fueled colonialism , and fascism was only the logical conclusion the fact that reality almost never conformed to nationalist ambitions ( eg post-ww1 germany and italy ) . 
  i 'm not saying it was n't useful in breaking up old empires and sometimes carrying ideals of democracy and progress ( even though those excluded large parts of the population ) , but it leads to conflict rather than cooperation and to my mind it is normal to hold it in a negative view in this day and age, 
   the vilification of nationalism ... a conflict-based ideology which had led to two world wars  pc culture ohhh there we go  the westerners swung from the far right to almost far left / r/badpolitics  common sense there is no such thing as common sense in politics . 
   it was like i arrived in the capital of an african-arab state , not a european one . 
  the only thing european there were the buildings . 
  the native french were almost nowhere to be seen , even the white people were a rare sight . 
  i live in paris and have been doing so all my life . 
  your comment is nothing more than utter bullshit . 
  of course he does n't know that because he obviously never had a serious history course, 
   are you seriously suggesting that europe is rich because of the 3rd world countries they exploited ? 
  yes that 's pretty basic history , it 's not the only reason but it sures plays a part, 
  because no one has come up with something better that works well and that has been adopted by the media , but two people can both be on the right end of the spectrum and have radically different views : one might be a reactionnary isolationist and protectionnist ( like le pen ) , the other an hawkish libertarian , they 'd still not be far apart on our shitty unilateral scale despite being opposites on plenty of subjects . 
  thanks for bothering !, 
  it 's a shame that i ca n't read german haha, 
  this is not how anything works . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  such a study would be very interesting, 
  secure borders are not a human right . 
  education is . 
  stop trying to change the subject . 
  i fucking love you . 
  seriously , i 'd need to check on my computer but i think i have you at like +25 on res , i do n't know how you always manage it but that comment chain was glorious as usual, 
  holy shit you 're comparing an established religious belief which is clearly the source of discrimination with a fucking furry . 
  and then you say `` look they can integrate they even have one famous tv lady '' . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you people that makes you unable to notice how stupid that way of reasoning is . 
  oh really ? 
  looks like i need to get ~ ~ out ~ ~ on / pol / more edit : i did n't mean that as an insult to people knowing this term , just those using it if that was n't clear enough, 
  from my 1-year experience studying in an english boarding school they can barely write simple sentences at age 14 as well . 
  dae theyr not french there mislums xdddd, 
   islamofascist oh cool , a brand new meaningless word for my collection, 
  false . 
  [ privatized industries do n't get anymore efficient on the long run ] ( http://www.epsu.org/sites/default/files/article/files/efficiency.pdf ), 
  basically the parlement is more or less irrelevant in defining the political agenda of the country , and is very disciplined when a party has a majority and thus usually ( even more since the presidential and legislative calendars where put together ) controls both the presidency and the pm , even when the party is as divided as the ps currently is . 
  on paper the parliament 's power is still reasonable , but in practice it 's not . 
  so while this is juridically an important power , the assembl\u00e9e nationale is very unlikely to repeal the state of emergency if the order does n't come from the executive , the vote is mostly for show . 
  i do n't know if it has been said already but france should be `` unlimited '' , free mobile has removed the data cap on 4g on their full plan ( for 16.99 / 19.99 a month depending on whether they are you internet provider ), 
  and you 're wrong about that . 
  it might have an impact but it is not that huge compared to socio-economical conditions . 
  you people think international relationships are just a matter of 3-steps plans like all we have to do can be summed up in half a page and that 's it . 
  thats not how it works . 
  actions have unintended consequences , no faction might be reliable enough to be supported and we might end up with a new syria where plenty of our weapons ended up in the end of isis and al qaeda . 
  that is a solution to explore but it is far from `` very simple '' . 
  and australia 's human rights abuses are far from an example to follow, 
  the reason was that people like you were so quick to disavow everything they stood for in the face of an alleged threat , which of course ended up bringing to power a far greater evil . 
  and no we ca n't fucking shoot boats that is illegal and inhumane and the people on the ground will never do it ( and you keyboard warrior probably would n't either ) . 
  no human deserves to suffer and die despite what you racist asshole think ( yes it is racism if you believe these migrants should drown ), 
  it 's incredible how people here want to go against everything that 's in the echr in order to `` fix '' a problem that wo n't ever be fixed by anything else than taking care of the actual systemic issues that make this incredibly risky trip worth it for those people . 
  no , we ca n't shoot boats , no we ca n't stop all asylum requests . 
  that 's inhumane and illegal . 
  sure , the current situation with ngos is a real problem , but we wo n't solve it by going back on everything we spent decades building . 
  it 's really easy to see just by looking at this comment section why nazis and fascists were easily elected and can still pose a real threat . 
  people can go to absurd lengths so quickly ... 
  i mean you never hear about those parties , you could easily find plenty of these weird unknown parties for about any political view, 
  or we manage to see past this absurd dichotomy between protection and competition and stop thinking of the whole of society via the frame of neo-libeal economics . 
   protection protects the ones who already have a lot that 's just absurd . 
  sure , if you protect the rich it is true , but are you saying things like minimum wage and strict rules for firing employees actually favor upper classes over lower classes ? 
  look , i voted for melenchon in the first round ( wanted to vote hamon but his shitty party was a problem i could n't ignore ) , and i 'm quite hesitant on going or not to vote in the runoff . 
  and that is because macron is the incarnation of everything that makes the fn rise . 
  he is the neo-liberal statu-quo personified . 
  he has no real vision for the future aside from never-ending liberalization , and he chooses to ignore the major institutionnal issues . 
  after his term , le pen will have gained another 5/10 % . 
  of course he is `` better '' than le pen in the sense that there is no risk of dictatorial tendencies or vichy 2.0 . 
  but i voted against both neo-fascist nationalism and neo-liberal globalism in the first round , and i do n't want to go against what i stand for in the second one , knowing full well that marcon only makes the current problem worse . 
  / u/xbettel 's argument in the top thread completely misses the point by focusing on the electoral issue and individual endorsements and failing to look deeper into the reasons why 42 % voted against the current system . 
  i really fucking hate how people already try to blame melenchon voters and the man himself for not clearly backing macron and thus `` enabling the fn '' . 
  but those who enabled it are both those who voted for le pen ( ofc ) as well as those who fail to see why so many people could find themselves in a situation where they could be receptive to its horrible ideals ( which includes all of those that voted for preserving the current system ) ; those who voted for the problem are to blame , not those who put forward a real program adressing the actual issues . 
  i mean usually when you share an article that is n't factual ( like this is clearly opinion ) people are going to assume you share the views expressed in the piece . 
  conveying `` information '' does n't give you immunity . 
  so what 's the endgame ? 
  more and more and more competition until everyone is always competing at each other at any given moment ? 
  that 's depressing and dystopic . 
  that `` competition '' phenomenom is n't that old . 
  why could n't we move past it ? 
  he is still not communist though, 
   it is more efficient to get things done [ citation needed ] , look at congressionnal gridlock in the us . 
  that and efficiency does n't equal democracy . 
  oh and you would n't call undemocratic a system in which the candidate with less votes was elected ? 
  a system where constituencies are gerrymandered to oblivion ? 
   except these kids have nothing to fight for or against . 
  that 's your opinion . 
  i see where it comes from , but i think there still is plenty to fight for and against in today 's world , even though i 'm far from an antifa . 
   am i interpreting this incorrectly or do you mean that things like laws are wrong ? 
  i said like two lines below that i 'm not saying it 's wrong or right and that it 's another far more complicated debate . 
  i 'm trying to make you think outside of this right/wrong mentality and into what the state actually does , to make you understand the theoretical framework of my opinion because that is often why people are difficult to convince on such topics , because ppl like the stereotypical sjw wo n't take time to make these reasonings explicit ( and are often very limited in their knowledge which makes them go to stupid lengths to prove silly/useless points ) . 
  if you however want to know how i feel , no i 'm not an anarchist and i think some laws are necessary in today 's society , even though i hope that it might one day not be so anymore ( but i mean who does n't hope for the perfect free society ? 
  i 'm still fairly pessimistic about it ever happening ) . 
   this whole `` the police will kill those who disagree '' is bullshit . 
  that 's not what it is about . 
  what needs to be interrogated is how the police uses violence and why , and if excessive use is effectively sanctioned by the state ( it 's usually not ) , as well as the judicial system and its uses ( private prisons , rare sentencing of white-collar criminal , length of sentence vs ethnicity , non violent drug offending , unlawful searches , seizures , etc. . . ) . when you see common racism among police forces and violence to the point that a french guy got a club sticked up his ass by a cop , you know there is a problem . 
  it 's funny that it 's usually the same people ( not saying you are , i do n't know about your opinions ) who say that the racist/nationalist renewal is n't born out of thin air and those who say police brutality does not exist . 
  then you can start questioning if cops `` doing their jobs '' is a good thing and what that job is ( again , i 'm not pretending to have an answer on that matter ) . 
  on the antifa vs fascist violence , it seems your opinion is heavily influenced by the novelty of this phenomenom in the us ( which perhaps explains the absurdity of the berkeley violences , especially considering the often retarded american college left-wing `` scene '' ; ie they do n't have much knowledge about violent political action so it just has no coherence ) . 
  they use europe as a model , and let me tell you that here both left and right wing violent groups , while few in numbers , fight regularly with one another and the police , but they wo n't fuck up random people aside from the ocasionnal fascist racist attack . 
  on the topic of symbolic violence , a good way to start thinking about it ( aside from reading weber , bourdieu and gramsci , which i strongly recommand for your personnal culture ) is to think about how subtely ingrained the current social order is . 
  even something as basic as the milgram experiment can already teach you a bit about all that , but i really encourage you to learn more about the subject , political sociology is the best toolbox there is to conceptualize and think about politics and society . 
  even though our material lives are as a whole satisfactory-ish ( still a lot to say about unequality and unsustainability ) , there are a lot of other issues that might be worth fighting for today , but the system is very good at making itself seems ubiquitous and unmovable ( which is why radical progressist political thought is hard to come by in substantial numbers ) .
