  as for the `` head up my ass '' part , you can apply that to yourself . 
  i live in a diverse neighborhood with many `` muslims '' ( as plenty studies show that islam is losing a lot of influence on the vast majority of the younger generations ) , i do n't only base my worldview on what i read on / r/europe or in whatever far-right party you have in austria . 
  i 'll repeat it again since you do n't seem to understand : nothing in this video indicates those people are isis supporters ( no matter how terrible their attitude is ) aside from your own prejudice against arab-looking people with guns . 
  your generalization of islam is frightening , it must be rough living in a world where you 're terrified of what 2 billion people thinkk . 
   what we need is to go back to the good old days when we could deport 15 million people to somewhere very cold or very hot . 
  you 've just summed up / r/europe since tuesday, 
  looks more like some kind of hunting rifle to me but that 's not the point , yeah of course it 's terrible but if you think that it 's exclusive to belgium ? 
  disenfranchised youths joining criminal networks and thus gaining access to these kind of weapons does n't surprise me , this shit happens everywhere . 
  in france , in the us and i think in the uk at least it 's more common than you seem to think . 
  this video shows no evidence that they support isis . 
  i love how this sub goes on a rampage as soon as you 've got muslims-looking youths with guns shouting , immediately assuming they are isis supporters . 
  ( i 'm not condoning what these idiots are doing ofc ), 
  you 're wrong , every wave of low-skilled migration in the 20th century has been associated with complaints of crime , non-integration and all that , at least in france and the us . 
  in that regard , it 's very interesting to look at the parallel between what was written about italian migrants in the 1920s in france and the right-wing rhethoric about muslims today . 
  irish or chinese migrants faced this exact set of complaints in the us in the late 1800s too . 
  oh and to answer both you and / u/axtolip you 're delusional if you think that immigrants are completely to blame for non-integration , and that european societies are `` the victim '' . 
  you 've ever heard of structural racism ? 
  of social segregation ? 
  you think getting out of poverty and of communautarism is easy when you live in massive isolated housing projects where poverty and thus crime is rampant ? 
  it 's no different from saying black americans living in ghettos have only themselves to blame for their situation : it 's not only wrong , it 's downright offensive and arguably racist . 
  it 's not to say that radical islam works great with liberal societies , of course it does n't . 
  but who let saudi-funded mosquees thrive because they did n't want to fund them or to organize some kind of european islamic religious authority ? 
  european states did . 
  who supported this same country for ages ? 
  the west . 
  who handled the post-imperial era terribly in the middle east and thus led to the rise of nationalism and the rebirth of radical islam ? 
  the west . 
  i 'm not saying we 're entirely to blame for everything , especially us as westerners today that did n't have any weigh in deciding what to do with the middle-eastern mandates between the two world wars . 
  i 'm saying it 's important to stop having such an ethnocentric and `` we 've done nothing wrong '' view because doing this does n't solve any issue . 
  whether you like it or not , many citizens of european countries are muslims . 
  that 's not something you can act on , unless you are literally hitler and would like to commit genocide . 
  oh and you people have got to stop acting like it 's impossible for muslims to integrate , it 's not . 
  plenty of them , despite all the challenges they face in life ( racism , poor socio-economic situation , conflictual education ... ) still manage to get jobs , even go to college and be successful in life . 
  just because you have a few crazies ( whom are for many of them white converts ) , it does n't mean every muslim is evil and that this religion has to be eradicated from europe , because again the only way to do that is genocide , and that 's way , way worse that any terror attack . 
  oh and if you 're answer is going to be any variation of ` bla bla bla white guilt ' or `` you 're probably a foreigner yourself '' please do n't bother typing it . 
  and if it 's to make ridiculous generalizations like `` we dont tell our kids to not date outside of our race/religion cause they are worth less '' do n't bother either . 
  i 'm pretty sure many of the people in this sub would n't like their kid dating a muslim . 
  oh but wait , it 's different because `` muslims amirite '' . 
  because filthy mislums, 
  exactly !, 
  people on this sub get so deep in their racist ( i did n't use this word for / r/europe before , now i just have to seeing how it 's worsening , and things that are said and upvoted would have a nice spot in mein kampf ) circlejerk that they completely ignore the issues facing those populations and they act like it 's a case of `` integrate or gtfo '' , or actually more like simply `` gtfo '' . 
  it 's easy to blame whole communities and ethnic and religious groups ( which ofc makes the problem worse ) and it 's easy too to dismiss any point made that we ( as european societies ) have a responsability in those issues as `` white guilt '' , but it 's plain bullshit . 
  aside from mass deportation ( not doable ) or genocide ( i mean wtf i 've seen this suggested and upvoted at least 3 times in the last couple of days ) , this sub is n't offering any solutions , it 's only intensifying the circlejerk every day that goes by . 
  it is when the confirmation bias is strong enough, 
  nope , all french ( or belgian ) *** citizens *** . 
  being muslim in france = being a refugee . 
  you 're french if you have french papers , whether you like it or not that 's precisely what our republic is all about . 
  acting like those people were n't french because they are n't white catholics named `` jacques '' is both incredibly racist and ignorant , and i 'm having trouble grasping how people seem to agree with this very dangerous rhethoric like they have n't learned their lesson from history . 
  thanks / u/shamalamadindong for pointing out the complete bullshit of what he is arguing even though it gets you downvoted to hell . 
  ironically your not-sarcastic ( guessing from your weird comment history ) comment condones an act way worse than any terrorism : genocide . 
  looking at every thread on this sub today i 'm guessing he meant killing everyone that looks remotely muslim, 
  i wonder about that too, 
  no but wait everyone here in / r/europe is so brave and would definitely fight in any war should it break out !, 
  i 'll have you know they all graduated top of their class in keyboard warriorism and have over 300 confirmed comment karma , which proves courage, 
   maybe if they cut their expenditures and got their house in order they would do a lot better with their budget . 
  state economics is way more complicated than doing your household budget , and it 's a very ideological topic contrary to what many people on this thread seem to believe . 
  some would argue that by slashing spending , you 're not even doing your creditors a favor because it means cutting back on growth , which means you have less taxes going in ( less $ $ = less $ $ for the state ) and you get the deficit problem all over again . 
  so yeah it 's not at all as simple as you suggest . 
  of course greece has been poorly governed in the last few decades , structural reforms are needed , corruption is rampant and greece is one of the very few countries to actually have a `` benefits scroungers '' issue that impacts the economy . 
  however , you ca n't just say `` you 're in debt so quit spending and give back our money '' because it 's of no help , it just makes their economy worse . 
  with greece 's actual economic situation there is very very little chance of european creditors ever being reimbursed , but that 's their blame to take too . 
  states default on their national debt all the time and they have been doing so for centuries , it 's only different in the eu because it 's basically not allowed and no european leader really has the `` political balls '' to be honest about it , so they just delay the payment lower rates and wait until it 's up to the next guy in power to take care of it . 
  in the meanwhile , greece has huge unemployment rates and very little growth . 
   greece does n't have to borrow money from those countries , if they kept their finances in order . . you know every country has a national debt right ? 
  and that greece did n't actually borrow money to the eu , the ecb just bought off most of it when the markets crashed to stop the panic from spreading and the whole of greece 's financial system from collapsing . 
  exactly , people have no idea what they actually want ( dae fortress europe ?!??! ), 
  they just want to be angry . 
  the deal being actually negotiated is way better than anything else that has been proposed up to now . 
  borders have always and will always be permeable ( especially in non-totalitarian regimes ) , it 's not only a matter of political will . 
   we did n't start some stupid shit civil war because `` lol facebook '' . 
  that 's some fine analysis there . 
  i 'm glad people like you exist to enlighten me with their extended knowledge of how the world works . 
  nothing , but it sure is interesting !, 
  you make some interesting points , and i get the `` it 's not our problem '' analogy , even though to my mind it stops strictly applying once people are in the eu . 
  the thing is that border control and camps , at least in the case of calais , are tied by a direct causation link : the fact that france has decided to do british border control for them means people in calais have no chance to actually try and cross the channel ( aside from hiding under lorries and such ) and that is the cause of camps . 
  we ca n't send syrians back to syria , and they wo n't apply for asylum here because they 're scared of being sent back . 
  right now our european legal asylum processing system is schizophreniac and blind . 
  at the same time common responsibility is understood ( otherwise we would n't have the dublin agreements that puts together an european-wide procedure for seeking asylum ) , but theoretically you should send back asylum applicants to their entry point . 
  but what exactly would be the point of sending the calais migrants back to kos and lampedusa aside from worsening the overcrowding there and making relations between states even more tense on this matter ? 
  it 's like putting all the dirt under the rug , only the dirt piles up and takes more and more space under it as time goes by but as long as the rug is there we act like everything is fine . 
  of course the uk does have internal borders , we all do to varying degrees . 
  but those borders are not even the question here , what matters is the common outer borders of the eu . 
  the argument that the uk is an island , that it 's far from being a country bordering a war zone misses the point that the refugee crisis is a common one , not one about national borders , and threatens to demolish the very idea of europe as anything even remotely united . 
  by not even taking asylum * requests * from calais migrants , your government is , in my modest opinon , failing at it 's basic humanitarian duty and perpetuating a situation that could be solved . 
  our government ca n't really do much about the situation : we ca n't send most back ( plus they come back so it 's pointless ) aside from actual economic migrants ( a refugee is someone who was forced out , not someone that is currently not in a safe country ) , we ca n't ignore the problem and wait for them to die , we ca n't let them cross the border because we nicely agreed to do policing for you . 
  so i do n't really know what the british government expects france to do . 
  ps : it 's nice debating on such a sensitive issue with someone who keeps civil , it 's really a change from the usual / r/europe or / r/ukpolitics debate, 
   destroyed by the french state . 
  yeah , that does n't mean it 's a good idea . 
   not sure if you 're trying to put words in my mouth or not . 
  sorry about that i thought you were the same guy from the comment before , who thought the only problem was `` getting rid of the shanty town '' like no actual person was living there . 
   the problem is france 's . 
  the camps are in france . 
  france is not enforcing its laws , or protecting its borders . 
  it 's ridiculous to me that france would try to shift the blame to the uk for this . 
  tell me , how should we `` face this problem directly '' ? 
  because those people want to go to the uk , it 's not that hard to grasp . 
  as macron is saying , the only reason we do n't let them is because of the touquet agreements . 
  it ' not a matter of `` enforcing laws and protecting borders '' , ( edit : sentence sounded angry where there was no reason to ) . 
  if our state did that those refugees would still come back , it only moves the problem .
