  we have to stop acting like this issue is `` every state for themselves '' , europe 's common borders are a fact , whether you like it or not . 
  saying calais is a french problem is exactly as innefficient and futile as saying the whole crisis is greece or italy 's fault for not securing their borders . 
  it 's taking the problem backwards , and it 's the main cause for every issue linked to the refugees crises , from the lack of actual control at the european ( not state , european ) borders to the overwhelming of central european countries and germany . 
  and the british fuck-you-all-we-are-an-island policy ( which i still maintain is isolationist as heck ) does n't help . 
  this crisis could be handled way more efficiently via cooperation , via quotas , via an actual coherent plan , but populism and demagoguery has overwhelmed any hope of that happening . 
  2/3 of `` habitations '' and over 90 % of living facilities are being destroyed for now and the rest will follow . 
  many refugees , scared of being sent back to their first country of arrival , are not registering for the new state-held camp . 
  it 's sure much better to have the return of wild camping than something centralized where you can keep track of people and follow them . 
  oh but of course i forgot that pretending this problem does n't exist and that these people are n't actual humans is a way more convenient way of dealing with the problem , especially when your country does n't face it directly thanks to a ridiculous isolationnist policy . 
  did n't we do both of that already though ? 
  the calais jungle is being destroyed ( which is a huge mistake imho because we are going to lose track of many migrants in the process ) and there has n't been a month in the last two years during which security has n't been reinforced in the city . 
  the problem is that wishful thinking and a safety-oriented , isolationnist , move-along-there-is-no-problem-here-or-if-there-is-one-it 's - because-french-people-can ` t-contreol-their-borders approach does n't do anything to solve the problem . 
   the primary reason is identity and cultural elimination of the peoples of europe to facilitate federalization . 
  immigrants ca n't melt steel beams . 
  no but seriously , do you really believe what you 're writing ? 
  it 's not a conspiration from five shady bureaucrats with an evil laugh gathering together in a dark room to fuck over european countries at their benefit . 
  it 's way , way more complicated than that . 
  if the aim was federalization then that 's the biggest failure ever if you look at the backlash and the criticism from european countries since this policy started being applied . 
  if anything , it gets europe further away from federalization , not closer to i , for instance it might mean the end of schengen . 
  conspiration theories , especially one as fallacious as this one ( that `` we need morons who vote left '' part does n't even make sense ) , are basically never true . 
  might be considered unconstitutionnal too because it would breach fundamental rights if implemented in the australian fashion, 
  you would n't be able to , your position is undefendable anyway . 
  no , my point is that the country of origin is a minor factor , which is why poverty-ridden areas with crime in france see people of many different nationalities , as often christian as muslims , commiting them . 
  education level is key , and how populations are included in society too ( way rougher policing for some populations , policies targetting specific groups like the burkini bans , etc. . . do n't help integration at all ) . 
  if migrants from somalia do more poorly , it 's because the education level and the social background is way lower than for other populations , not specifically because they are from somalia . 
  good lord you 're so ignorant it hurts my eyes . 
  you have taken cognitive dissonance to a step where there is no point arguing as you 're going to dismiss any history from *** actual serious historians *** that do n't fit your narrow worldview as `` marxist filth '' ( spoiler : that 's like 99 % of algerian war historians ) you `` do n't see the problem '' because you believe these people did n't deserve to be french , however we deserved to exploit them and their lands . 
  you do n't see the paradox in that ? 
  on what grounds do we have a legitimate claim on algerie at any point ? 
  we just conquered the shit out of them and processed to oppress them in the name of civilisation ( and $ $ $ ) for a fucking century , and acted like it was french when french people did n't even represent 10 % of the population . 
  and do n't even get me started on all the war crimes that make boko haram look like harmless puppies . 
  how in the fuck such a backwards values system , one that makes someone think all of this is okay , can exist today goes beyond me . 
  your bullshit claims about the ability to gain nationality on a large scale for algerians are unsupported , and the idea that france could have eventually won the war goes against every single fucking colonial war in the xxth century and is ridiculous . 
  in fact , you 're nothing more than a nasty racist for whom local populations are only seen for their `` barbarism '' and `` savagery '' ( which is probably the most ethnocentric thing i 've ever read on reddit , and i check r/europe several times a week ) . 
  i mean you 're either a troll or you have been cryogenised at the end of the xixth century , but in both cases i wo n't waste my time with an endoctrinated bigot . 
  i can only recommand you to get your head out of your ass but it will be pointless seeing how you manage to contradict yourself every other sentence and can only sprout the same baseless imperialist bullshit . 
  n.b : i do n't even know if you 're french ( though i 'll guess you are since you can only be french and born in an fn-tied pied-noir family to have such a ridiculously biaised view on the matter ) but [ i think i found a candidate you might agree with ] ( https://lesquen2017.com/ ) edit : holy shit i just looked at your comment history and that shit is hilarious !, 
  you manage to dismiss the entirety of the feminism movement ever as a joke , to have such ridiculous views on the algerian war without seemingly being french , you are a proponent of constant war in africa so that we can reap benefits , do n't see the problem with starving populations and think grabbing a boob is n't assault . 
  too bad this is now a buried thread , i 'd love r/europe to witness which douchebags they trust for quick history lessons !, 
  well it 's true though , migrants from before ww2 ( from italia , poland , spain mostly ) have complety blend in because it 's what happens after a few generations have passed ( look at irish and italian migrants to the states , it 's a classic example but still works here ) , especially with all the nation-forming stuff that happened between 1914 and 1960s/early 1970s , while newer migrants ( in the sense of working class migrants , as the process is completely different for wealthier and more qualified ones ) , who are often from asian countries mostly keep their chins down , as is usual with first-generation migrants . 
  those do n't quite face the same challenges that the maghreb wave of immigration faced in the 60s/70s , with massive numbers coming in ( state-sponsored ) and quickly ending up for a lot of them in the same functionnalist housing projects , as industrial low-skill jobs began vanishing . 
  from then on you have the horrendous urbanism , the decaying infrastructures , the absurd policing , the confrontational policies and the lack of opportunities to blame for making the situation worse and worse . 
  and now the second or third generation is becoming adult , and it just does n't stand a chance . 
  which does n't mean your subject population does n't have an impact , and cultural traits are n't a thing , but it did n't start out like that , it only got really bad during the 90s as all those problems started to really being felt . 
  `` la haine '' already showed what was wrong more than 20 years ago , but i guess some people just ca n't get that message . 
  that 's a fake dichotomy that does n't make sense . 
  what 's your point ? 
  1 : absolute numbers are lower for other populations 2 : social situations are different from the start 3 : different timeframes , whether longer ( more time to blend in ) or shorter ( less time to reject the value system , which comes with second or third-generation migrants usually ) 4 : different skillsets , and rarefaction of those populations jobs 5 : very real systemic racism , not by laws ( although if a burkini one passes it would kind of be ) but by employers , police and administration . 
  those criterias led to dense and localized poverty zones , which is a problem that aggravates itself overtime and leads to more crime , more exclusion , and often radicalism . 
  of course it 's a summary , but plenty of academic litterature exists on the subject and i do n't intend to write an essay on reddit . 
  the worst being that this bullshit is currently upvoted . 
  saying the war in algeria was legitimate and that algeria was an integral part of france is a joke that no one in academia would take seriously . 
  it 's especially laughable since this opinion is held by a guy who does n't seem to see muslims as legitimate french people . 
  well it would actually make sense , when you acknowledge the huge economic exploitation of the local muslim population by french colons and the fact that they had no real rights and were ruled by the * code de l'indig\u00e9nat * which meant a subpar status with close to zero chance of social progress . 
  it was n't legitimate to keep exploiting these people and being surprised they would resist it . 
  it was n't legitimate to keep on trying to win an unwinnable war with many casualties and war crimes . 
  it was n't legitimate to have algeria as a * d\u00e9partement * and act like it was fully french when over 90 % of it 's population could n't qualify for french citizenship or even basic rights . 
  tl ; dr : u/princeps-civitatis 's comment is a 100 % certified dumb turd . 
  here is what your '' [ pretty nice country ] ( http://i.skyrock.net/9135/72659135/pics/2868345732_small_1.jpg ) '' looks like btw for many of those people edit : thanks for the laugh r/europe for defending a colonialism apologist and supporter and downvoting what has always been the historical consensus on the matter !, 
  i thought the bias here got less pronounced recently but i guess i was wrong, 
  yeah because history is as simple and one-sided as your agenda-pushing joke of a comment makes it seem , * riiiiight * . 
  you are only analyzing history through an ideological lens and dismissing a good part of it to serve your purpose . 
  i 'm not interested in these kinds of discussion . 
  read academic books , not wikipedia or reactionnary crap, 
  pagan persecutions , jewish genocide , hundreds of religious wars with their shares of mass kilings . 
  sounds familliar ? 
  that 's europe ( not trying to be an apologist or whatever , just pointing out facts ) . 
  of course shitty conduct was common and yes it meant mass killings , but most of your examples come from the 20th century , while we were rather talking about way earlier than that . 
  christians were already way weaker then than before . 
  cherry-picking does n't make for a clear trend , especially when you use the ottoman empire at its dusk when we are speaking about the rise of the arab empire , 13 centuries before that . 
  / u/groatt86 : forced conversion due to jizya is a part of the overall genocide . 
  do you know what genocide means ? 
  you people have no historical distance when looking at the muslim world , it 's crazy . 
  you really think a small rich family from mecca would have conquered an area the size of the roman empire in a century only by sheer violence ? 
  you people are delusional . 
  i 'm not denying violence , obviously there was plenty , but that attributing the disparition of christianity in the middle east solely to violence is misleading at best and an ideological lie at worst . 
  i 'm not a hypocrite , i 'm not saying they `` saw the light '' or whatever bullshit you put in my mouth , they converted often as communities either because it was more convenient or also obviously because of the cost of djaziya , and sometimes because of threats or persecution ( which was basically the standard anywhere in the '' '' '' `` civilized '' '' '' '' world at that time ) . 
  religion in the middle ages hugely differs from today 's western view of it because the social aspect was way stronger then rather than the individual belief , and thus systemic changes meant whole communities often converted if one influent member did . 
  it 's notably true in the tribal-ish system that dominated a good part of the region , which meant stronger community ties . 
  as usual with your type on this sub , you just jump to a conclusion about what i think , as shown by the stupid inquisition analogy and the nice compliment at the end . 
  well fuck you too if you ca n't have a nuanced view of things and debate in a civil maneer , and fuck your ignorance if you are n't educated in history , i do n't have time for this shit when people are being rude . 
  oh and to page and answer u/dancedor he said they were `` all exterminated '' , which is wrong . 
  you realize plenty just converted to islam at the time of the arab conquests ? 
  or do you really believe that it was a systematic genocide and exile ? 
  as said above you need to get your history together ( though that other comment is n't as nuanced as it should be ), 
  yeah but we ( thankfully ) arrived at a point where states need a legal base for this kind of shit . 
  going back on this would be a huge mistake and a very steep slippery slope, 
  which of course does n't mean politics do n't play a part in the judiciary prosecuting of political parties , but that role is much more indirect and often ca n't be proven or even precisely pinpointed . 
   social science is not science what is it then ? 
   this stuff has no place in school right . 
  let 's not teach kids to think by themselves ( and i 'm not talking about this fantasmed `` gender theory '' that does n't even mean anything in itself seeing how vast of a field gender studies are but social sciences in general ) . 
  let 's make them docile sheeps with no critical thinking of the social world they live in , it 'll be much better . 
  you need to get out of your bubble . 
  if you think social science as a whole is bullshit , it means your belief system is bullshit and you got many things wrong about society . 
  if you think social sciences are nothing more than `` doctrines '' , then you 're just ignorant . 
  but then again you definitely know nothing about social sciences anyway , and wo n't bother to learn because it might contradict your close-minded worldview to look at different perspectives . 
  you seem like those `` pragmatist '' types who love to see themselves as rational problem-solvers , without realizing their own intellectual shortcomings . 
  itt : people who never studied social sciences discrediting social sciences, 
   in every culture no . 
  i 'm french and while i 'm fairly well-off i 'm not `` rich '' , just almost bilingual as i spent a year in england .
