trump uses sexist language extremely frequently , repeatedly called mexicans rapists and criminals , and is even better than this sub at discrimination against muslims . 
  outside of his actual agenda ( of which we know very little of since it changes depending on what he had for breakfast that day ) , i think it 's not hard nor unfair to call him a bigot even though cruz was probably worse . 
  oh and i fail to see how a flat tax for businesses and individuals will `` create opportunities '' for everyone and not just benefit the wealthiest . 
  `` yeah , the illiberal liberals logic , if a muslim woman wears a burka it is by choice , if a german woman bakes a cake it is sexism . '', 
  `` you need to look from a different angle : blond = nazi woman bakes cake = sexism = nazi having a shotgun = militarist = nazi tradional german attire = conservative = nazi '' `` that the media in germany are against anything that remotely resembles nationalism is not exactly newsworthy . '', 
  `` it depicts german people who are at ease with being german . 
  apparently this is bad . '', 
  all of those comments have at least 50 upvotes and they show a real bias in favor of imaginary traditions and a fantasmed past . 
  that 's what i would define as right-wing comments in this context . 
  it 's this kind of right-wing ( social conservatism and nationalism ) that is proeminent here , not the economic right . 
  my bias is n't very strong , you could put me to the left but i do n't have any real political affiliation . 
  alternatively , your own bias is so strong that you ca n't even see it 's widespread , even in a thread with so many good examples of that . 
  i 'm afraid there is n't much i can do for you . . 
  it 's not up to me , just look at this thread and any other and at what it mostly upvoted and downvoted , it 's fairly obvious what this sub 's bias is . 
  i 'm not making up anything , / r/europe is the definition of an echo chamber and would be even worse without the efforts from mods . 
  any post about immigration , far-right parties or anything even remotely relevant to that matter is utterly dominated by right-wing comments . 
  there are of course others , but the vast majority of the voting and commenting part of this sub is right-wing and very conservative ( the `` what 's wrong with this ? '', 
  comments on this thread being a nice example ), 
  remember we 're on / r/europe , anything that is n't neo-nationalist reactionarism is liberal scum, 
  i do n't know a lot about the situation at hand , but aside from politics , paralyzing a constitutionnal court and not respecting its ruling seems like a very big deal in terms of democracy and something that goes against your constitution, 
   they would be stoning gays , killing witches , and murdering atheists too . 
  because that 's what your everyday practicing muslim does in a `` modern '' society ( which would ethnocentrically be defined as a democratic political system with a production-based economy and individual freedoms ) ? 
  of course not . 
  however they use parts of the qu ` ran to form their worldview , as do people who vote for people who speak about `` god-given rights '' ( hello ted cruz ) and believe homosexuality and abortion are sins . 
  after the beautiful failure that was the removal of nationality earlier this year , we face once again an useless debate prompted by a pm who does n't actually care about the terrible state of our universities . 
  as an uni student , i find it ridiculous to be debating on that when we 've got huge problems with university funding , post-graduate research , student councelling , dropouts , post-uni unemployment and all the other issues regarding universities that actually impact people 's lifes ( not only students in the long term ) in a way more concrete way but are mostly ignored by politicians who could n't care less . 
  but of course , adults wearing headscarves if they wish to is way more important ... 
  did i say they do ? 
  i 'm pretty sure ted cruz would disagree, 
   seriously now , how many people actually take the bible seriously in modern societies ? 
  you ever heard of the republican party in the us ? 
  you realize the csu was the most to the right party in germany before afd ? 
  so peace , prosperity and freedom , or at least the legal framework that allows them become afterthoughts ? 
   then you 're either really innocent or have very poor imagination . 
  okay i 'm going to precise : going back on it without pogroms/genocide or whatever atrocity . 
  since you seem to seek a consensus solution , i assumed that was out of the picture in a rational debate . 
  but since you 'd rather `` kill it and count the bodies afterward '' , i 'm not sure how this consensus is possible . 
  if one side makes irrealistic propositions ( ending `` multiculturalism '' which implies authoritarian methods that can lead to very dangerous outcomes ) , i 'm not sure how you can expect to find a middle ground . 
  about the terrorism claim , [ i 'll just leave that here ] ( https://d28wbuch0jlv7v.cloudfront.net/images/infografik/normal/chartoftheday_4093_people_killed_by_terrorist_attacks_in_western_europe_since_1970_n.jpg ) . 
  i know the media always amplifies fears as it sells stories , but it 's not so bad . 
  and i say that living in a city where 147 people were killed last year because of terrorism . 
  it 's still less than how many people are killed every months on the roads , every week of cancer ... as for the radicalization , it 's arguably a fallacy if you speak in general terms ( culturally muslim youths ) , more of a mix of poor socio-economic and religious policy problem on actual radicalization ( between the lack of funding leaving an open door for saudi radicals and the lack of economic opportunities and social support to the repeat offenders problem leading to radicalization in prison ) . 
   who said anything about armed conflict between european nations ? 
  oh my bad i thought that was what you were talking about amongst other stuff . 
  of course you can discuss practical issues but i think that when trying to predict the future there is always some philosophy involved , as well as history and sociology . 
  and i do not think that in the current state of political opinions in europe a compromise where `` everyone gets more of what they need '' is possible . 
  for instance , i do n't even think that the so-called ` multiculturalism ' is not something you can really go back on , notably because it has ( to my understanding of european history which might differ from yours ) always kind of been a thing , and the revolutions of transport and communication ( sounds very clich\u00e9 i know ) only reinforce it . 
  i do think that the social norms both in the national and international scene have been internalized by most political actors to an extent , which can provide the necessary bareer to avoid the breakdown of the rule of law even if extremist parties gain traction . 
  saying we are set for a century of terrorism seems preposterous to me as well , as for the social unrest i do believe that good governance can quieten it , even though it 's maybe too optimist seeing the current state of the ruling class . 
  but since you are talking about practical issues , how for instance would you go about solving the islamism and refugee crisis without destroying constitutionnal and international principles that allow us to live in this era of relative peace , prosperity and freedom ? 
  once you start disregarding those , you are on a slippery slope and there is no telling where it ends . 
  those are something quite unique that modern democratic societies have , and i think letting that go would be a huge mistake . 
  i do think that armed conflict between nation-states in europe is very unlikely to occur again in any reasonable timeframe . 
  of course that 's not much more an opinion based on the international relationships theory to which i subscribe the most ( constructivism ) , i ca n't actually predict the future and it 's true that right now it feels like the 30s in some way but i still think both perceived national interests and an actual shared political belief that cooperation and diplomacy is the way to go ( even though it 's put under quite some strain right now ) means that europe is durably pacified . 
  intra-societal conflicts are something else though , but i 'm not sure that the current wave of pitting people one against another for political profit from the extremes and increasingly from mainstream parties will make this any better . 
  if the solutions approved by the majority of people contrevenes basic principles , there are judicial safeguards in place to protect those principles like echr or national constitutionnal courts depending on their prerogatives . 
  if those fail , we 're set for another wave of authoritarian regimes i guess . 
  rousseau said the law should know no boundaries because the people ca n't oppress themselves . 
  well i think history has shown us that that 's bullshit , especially in times of fear , and i really hope that national and european institutions will continue to remember it too despite some popular pressure . 
  anyway that 's my opinion , i see where yours is coming from but i think there really is no end to this debate because it 's almost a philosophical matter , one about political philosophy at least and about the human nature at most . 
   at least the other side is willing to put forth ideas yeah but look at those ideas though . 
  having sensible discussion with some people on the `` other side '' of this debate ( which i like doing ) is different from calling out bullshit like `` just drop them over the atlantic with parachutes '' or `` let 's profile every muslim in europe '' . 
  of course we need solutions that a majority of people can get behind , but we need those solutions to conform to some basic principles and laws , and not being racist ( or `` islamophobe '' whatever , to me saying it 's not racist is like saying anti-semitism is n't racist , it 's semantics and i find it very debatable ) the thing is that populists from all over europe have exploited the fears created by recent events and global lack of agenda from national and european institutions to make people believe that complex problems have very simple solutions like to close borders or here to strip radical imams of their nationality , and they have done this so deeply that even steps that should be considered progress , like the turkey deal , are frowned upon by many . 
  so yeah , i 'm not anymore sure that we can find an actual solution to this problem in the short term . 
  in the long term , i still think nationalists are going to be the ones who are going to be more disappointed because to me this way of analyzing events is outdated and deculturation is just how the world is evolving . 
  i do understand where they 're coming from though . 
  anyway , i know that plenty of people here are n't racist , and i know some are without realizing it themselves . 
  but this sub has turned into a circlejerk and i think it 's dangerous and that it is felt in the low quality of debates because circlejerk = polarization have a nice day, 
  what did you expect this is / r/europe it 's like / r/the _ donald but with less memes, 
   profile muslim people  fears of appearing racist `` i 'm afraid my racism is going to be considered racist '' edit : `` thankfully this sub is as racist as me so it 's all good '', 
   no where in the world do they kill people in the name of a fake god . 
  death to apostates , death to homosexuals , oppression of women , oppression of children - all dictated by fictional book wtf man you 're just proving my point . 
  the stupid teens in the video are thugs , not terrorists . 
  stop assimilating any fucking brownish people you see with salafism . 
  that 's what your prejudice is about . 
  you see arab looking teens with guns , you think isis . 
  but this does happen elsewhere without having anything to do with religion . 
  and i 'm not talking about terrorism , that does happen too elsewhere but that 's not what this video and our conversation is about . 
   you 've been in fucking france too long . 
  is the country that far fucking lost ? 
  aside from a shitty economy and an authoritarian pm with a sleeping president we 're fine thanks for asking . 
   no wonder you 're a fucking moron . 
  you 're brainwashed also right . 
  your political opinions are from what i 've seen a giant circlejerk of emptyness and prejudice , and you lack the awareness to see the blatant flaws and contradictions in what you 're saying . 
  but sure , i 'm a brainwashed idiot if that can help you sleep at night . 
  and yeah i 've read most of the report , nowhere are the made-up figure in the bullshit but very common chart you provided . 
  you just see in it what you like to see because your confirmation bias is huge , but that 's okay , you 're not alone in this sub if that can comfort you . 
  anyway it 's getting tiring trying to answer your nonsense so i 'll call it a day here . 
  i do not have religious viewpoints myself , i 'm a convinced atheist from a culturally catholic family , but there is a simple concept called tolerance that makes it so that we do n't butcher whole populations based on their beliefs . 
  your prejudice is n't about the fact that these people are 14 and have guns , that is a normal prejudice to have . 
  but this shit happens elsewhere where social structures are lacking . 
  it happens in american ghettos , it happens in south-american favelas from even a younger age and it 's horrible , and it happens there without anything to do with islam . 
  but here , since these ones look `` middle eastern '' , you just assume they are isis supporters because some guy who seemingly shares your viewpoint titled their video this way despite there being no indication whatsoever that they are in fact isis supporters . 
  and there is a very simple name for making that mental link , and it 's called racism . 
   if you think it 's ok for brainwashed people to be living in 2016 then you are part of the problem not the solution so what should we do then ? 
  exterminate all muslims ? 
  make up a law that says muslims ca n't be european nationals ? 
  those laws have existed , if you just switch jews and muslim . 
  as for that graph , i 'm interested to see if you can actually find it in the real pew report ( spoiler : you ca n't ) , which paints a much more nuanced picture than you would like it to , and does n't actually analyze the whole of islam since it only covers coutries where islam is either dominant or represents a very big minority . 
  http://www.pewforum.org/files/2013/04/worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-full-report.pdf it makes for an interesting read and shows the importance of institutionnal and social parameters on beliefs .
