   de souche french are a myth ? 
  how ? 
  are you really trying to erase an ethnic group ? 
  people have been living in france for thousands of years . 
  yeah and those people have little to do with current french population , if you go back a couple of centuries almost all french citizens have foreign origins . 
  the point is that this `` de souche '' concept is little more than a made-up political concept by the fn . 
  you still fail to adress all ( and to be honest any ) of the points i made , you 'd rather still say `` we are voting fn '' and close your eyes on all the shortcomings and contradictions of their dangerous program . 
  jmlp 's influence on fn is still very present , and even though his daughter is somewhat more moderate she still shares some of his views of history , like the `` roman national '' part that very much threatens how kids are taught history today ( which is miles better than it was before , and she wants to go back to that ) . 
  she is n't anti-semitic , but you seem to think islamophobia is n't as bad . 
  of course you 're gon na have unassimilated muslims like you even have unassimilated atheists , but do you really believe by saying `` shut up and integrate '' it will work ? 
  you ca n't send back those who have the french nationality , and most of them do . 
  so what 's the plan ? 
  close your eyes and say mean things and hope they leave ? 
  wo n't work . 
  the only way is through social opportunities and calculated inclusive policies ( not like `` hey let 's all ban pork and pray 5 times a day , more like `` hey let 's find them decent housing and opportunities '' ) . 
   lol i really think it 's an over exageration of you to say that marine is the devil did i say that though ? 
   i think the fn will do wonders to our economy and society and help the french regain our country from the mass of muslims so you ca n't grasp the fact that there are french muslims ? 
  interesting . 
   see you admit that there is already a cultural divide of course there is , but it 's not directly linked to islam , more to the terrible socio-economic conditions that 1st , 2nd and even 3rd generation migrants live in . 
  try picturing living in a * cit\u00e9 * where the few interactions you have with the state are either with the awfully conflictual police forces or the innefficient administration . 
  this divide is then reinforced by a more and more exclusive mainstream political discourse that forces those people to choose between two identities ( french or cultural/religious islam ) that should not be conflictual in a healthy secular state . 
  i do n't believe that it 's random that the two countries with the strictest conceptions of laicity ( france and belgium ) have the most problems with radicalism . 
   especially a white why do you think you can divide people so neatly into ethnic groups ? 
  that 's even more racist than opposing `` we french '' and brown people ( because islam as a religion is not your problem since you say ` white ' ) . 
   i agree with you and i think that our children should be taught about about how bad colonialism was and you really think a party whose founder is the most notorious holocaust-denying revisionist piece of crap will bring that ? 
  you 're delusionnal at best . 
  fn 's education program is dangerous ( because of this revisionnist nonsense ) , racist ( muh no special meals we 'd rather have kids not eat at lunch ) and counter productive . 
   i think the fn will do wonders to our economy i 'm curious on how they 'll do that , their economic program being nothing more than vague populist nonsense like `` reindustrialize ! '', 
  anyway i see you are unable to answer any of my points because it 's impossible for you without contradicting yourself . 
  the failure of patriotism to teach a balanced worldview , the obscurantist anti-science crap that fills the fn program , the unexistance of any coherent economic vision and the underlying racism and reactionnarism of every single one of their policies is undefendable and you know it deep down , since you do n't even try and instead only go back to `` oh my god muslims make more babies '' . 
  this is n't * soumission * . 
  * de souche * frenchies are mostly a myth , even if you 're as white as i am , and no group , social or ethnic , forms a homogeneous whole which wants to subvert our values . 
  completely irrelevant to our discussion , but yeah i am . 
   you could tell me that marine boils dead kittens at night and i 'd still vote for her which shows your total lack of awareness . 
  you 'd vote for the devil just to make a point . 
  it 's not about `` pc culture '' whatever that means ( spoiler : absolutely nothing , what the media says about the fn is litterally what 's in their program ) , it 's about actually upholding our principles and not try and enforce racist or stupid law & order policies that only fuel the cultural divide and make any situation from petty crime to radicalism to terrorism way worse . 
  brexit has n't even started , i do n't know how you can predict how it will go with your obviously limited economical knowledge , even top economists do n't have more than guesses ( but most of those are negative ) . 
  but thinking that france , which relies on it more than the uk would be better off without the single market is quintessentially dumb . 
  patriotism in today 's world mostly leads to being blind to criticism ( japan still has n't acknowledged the nankin massacre , but i guess that 's the price to pay for an `` united nation '' , justifying racism ( korea and especially japan being great examples ) and ignoring the historical and social reality of the world . 
  i want my kids to be taught critical thinking not propaganda . 
  i want them to understand their luck to be french as well as to acknowledge the darker or more nuanced parts of our history ( which is almost every part to be fair ) . 
  just look at the fn 's actual program , it 's full of dismissive meaningless neologisms such as `` sociologism '' or `` pedagogism '' and has an overall anti-social science approach because well , those have a tendency to not be in accordance with whatever patriotic bullshit the fn would like to feed your kids . 
  but i guess it does n't matter to you that their education turns to indoctrination , making a point against our terrible political system is way more important than all those silly concerns that the alt/far-right easily dismiss as `` regressive leftism '' or your amazing `` pc culture '', 
  fn being pro-choice is debatable . 
  marion mar\u00e9chal wanted to cut all subventions to planned parenthood if she got elected in her region . 
  anyway , you seem like you 'd rather your kids live without too many brown people than in an economically stable , more progressist and healthier society where they can thrive . 
  i for sure would rather have a job and be able to travel without visas , i 'd rather my kids be taught actual history classes and not some propagandist bullshit , i 'd rather them live in a society that wo n't teach them outdated values about family and patriotism . 
  oh well , everyone has their priorities i guess ... 
  how would you call her ? 
  you 'll happily vote for a party that denies women 's rights , that wants to leave the eu and go back to the franc , that would destroy our foreign policy , that promises plenty of things it ca n't offer either because they 're unconstitutionnal or because the maths wo n't add up ( less taxes but more spending is a joke ) just because she shares your backwards views on migrants ? 
  edit : oh and i forgot about the impact it 'd have on education , especially regarding history . 
  do you agree with that `` our ancestors the gauls '' bullshit ? 
  yeah let 's not debate your blatant fallacy as it 's so obvious there 's no point but just laugh about it instead !, 
  oh because rejection of laws systematically equals terrorism ? 
  these kinds of shortcuts are revealing of your prejudice, 
  `` welfare immigration '' is bullshit . 
  people come looking for jobs and communities from their ethnic or national background , ideally in countries whose language they speak . 
  which is why most do n't want to come to france despite the comfortable welfare benefits . 
  rome did n't fail because of multiculturalism , it failed because of massive corruption due to horrible management , and because of the climate cooldown . 
  romanization was often limited , and incorporated territories changed roman culture almost as much as it changed them ( new gods , new practises ... ) . 
  obviously today an occitan and a norman are close , but that 's mostly because those criterias carry way less significance in today 's world where almost everyone has mixed origins ( i 'm parisian , but i 'm from brittany and arles at the same time ) . 
  it was n't the same at all a few centuries ago , which was the point of this admittedly limited comment ( which is why i developed more thoroughly my thoughts in the other one ) . 
  of course , multiculturalism in today 's sense could n't often exist because of limited technology ( how would the xvth century somali go to france ) but i 'd argue that the geographical scale of cultural similitude was much smaller than it is today . 
  oh yeah i avoided talking about germany specifically because i lack the knowledge , but that only strenghtens my point i guess , even though it 's a fairly recent state compared to the 3 i cited . 
  and since those new models were fully applied all societies and even individuals became multicultural to an extent . 
  we use the internet , eat pizza and couscous , do yoga ( well i do n't but you get the point ) , listen to music from other countries . 
  and your muslim neighbour does the same , with his preferences like you have yours . 
  cultural unicity is a myth that people believed in for like half a century because of small living `` frames '' where it actually was somewhat true ( your town probably had some cultural unicity in the late xixth century and you would n't really know anything further than the few neigbouring towns ) and heavy-handed state propaganda , be it for the r\u00e9publique , the british empire , or american exceptionnalism . 
  some still do believe in it of course , but that does n't make it anymore of a reality . 
  a nation is n't defined by easily-witnessable criterias like skin color , religion and dinner time . 
  it 's defined by the will to live together . 
  integration does n't go one way , cultures change perpetually and influence one another . 
  that 's what history is . 
  trying to rewrite it as a patriotic anthem just ignores reality . 
  of course , that does n't mean we should strive to allow very regressive , isolationnist ideologies to thrive ( see the `` will to live together '' part ) , but we only reinforce them by adopting the `` us '' vs `` them '' mentality ( see how the countries with the most radical laicity laws ( france and belgium ) have trouble with terrorism ) . 
  multiculturalism is n't a swear word , it does n't define a society with tight-sealed communities which do n't communicate , it only defines any society that is on a big enough scale and not tight-sealed ( you can exclude some authoritarian regimes and isolated communities ) , so any modern one . 
  it 's not something that we should strive towards , it 's something we ( well you , i 'm fine with it ) must learn to accept because it 's already too late , and it has always been . 
  no i 'm not but i 've been there this summer ( loved it ) and lived and spoke with locals , and from what i 've seen and heard there it 's a great example of multiculturalism working quite well in europe . 
  people come from many many different places in germany , europe or the world and seem to all get along mostly well . 
  the huge variety of cultures was imo the most interesting thing about the city and what made it stand out in a good way compared to all the places i 've been to . 
  france 's relative cultural unicity dates back to like the xixth century , before that people spoke different tongues and had radically different cultures.then of course you 've got the many multicultural empires such as the roman and byzantine ones , but i guess you would n't call those successful with your biaised and simplistic view of history . 
  alright then he can come to berlin, 
  common sense is n't well perceived here , it 's all about convincing yourself that they are not individuals but just stuff you can dump around . 
   there are almost no parks wat . 
  paris is amongst the capitals with the most parks in europe , with a couple of huge ones like the buttes chaumont or parc andr\u00e9 citro\u00ebn, 
  we 've been over this stupid point a thousand times : 1 : between the murderous dictator , the terrorists and the number of different rebel/ethnic/local groups with various motives and often poor/radical ethics , who do you fight for ? 
  2 : it 's very easy to say that from the comfort of your keyboard , but in reality few people actually do take up arms , no matter the situation . 
  3 : i 'm not sure any fighting can be towards building a better future in syria right now , aside from maybe the ypg . 
  of course these points probably wo n't matter to you if you still manage to blabber about young healthy males more than a year into this whole refugee situation . 
  no it would not . 
  the judiciary system ca n't allow this , because it 's an unfair punishment which makes innocent people pay for a crime they did n't commit . 
  there is no constitution , no ehcr in primary schools . 
  i 'm as well curious on how you 'd deport from romania ( for instance ) families that are citizens of the country . 
  thank you for this , that was brilliant, 
  i mean it only takes 20 full time agents to supervise one person , so we would solve our unemployment issue fairly easily too !, 
  something like 5m muslims in france , amongst whom 10 ( 15 if you count the smaller ones ) have committed terrorist acts . 
  10 douchebags do n't speak for whole communities , thankfully too or france would n't even exist anymore . 
  stop dreaming about `` community efforts '' , they do n't exist in this fashion . 
   i agree . 
  pay tax to have a vote .
