  lots of people would be absolutely horrified , and it 's probably against a whole slew of human rights . 
  that is such a stupid proposal , of course people would be horrified . 
  democracy 's a bitch , but without universal suffrage it just does n't exist anymore . 
  oh and / u/ivanow  this way everyone working honest job , no matter if it 's hedge fund manager or mcburger flipper have a saying in how society they contribute to is being ran , equally ( everyone meeting criteria gets 1 vote ) , and if welfare queens and other parasites want to participate in political process too , all they have to do is get up from their asses and find honest work . 
  so one is a parasite and a `` welfare queen '' if he 's unemployed ? 
  that 's a very dangerous and classist stereotype that does n't hold against reality , and the system both you and daphedk are proposing just goes towards excluding even more the already excluded , making unemployed people `` sub-citizens '' . 
  oh and having a job does n't suddenly makes you politically competent . 
  the whole proposal is disgusting , stupid and means the end of democracy if put in place . 
  and before it became muslim/arabised between 700 and 1000 , the middle east was basically a decaying persian empire with local warlords and nomads , despite a very strong christian presence at least in syria and egypt . 
  then it became the center of the world ( title shared withconstantinople ) for 5 centuries before the turks/mongols took over . 
  so religious change does n't mean much on its own . 
   how large of an impact , a small demographic change can have . 
  or of how overinflated nationalist fears about muslims are ? 
   the north of paris , maybe 50 % are muslims what do you call the north of paris ? 
  because i live there and while muslims are seen more frequently than in some other places your figure seems way off . 
  more like 20 % / 30 % if you count the poorer parts of the xvii\u00e8me , the xviii\u00e8me and the xix\u00e8me . 
   you can only see people as good and evil , you do n't think about ideologies . 
  right . 
  i study political and social sciences in order to avoid this stupid `` good/evil '' dichotomy that serves no purpose other than to further political agendas . 
  i do think about ideologies , a lot actually . 
  therefore i know that contrary to popular beliefs islam is n't at all a monolithic ideology , and some of the most radical islamists ( salafis ) would paradoxally be those to reject violence the most . 
  i know that as with many religions people use it to justify one thing and it 's contrary , because like every religion some parts contradict each other , and like any religion its interpretation is highly political . 
  i do know that for many people in muslim-majority countries , like it used to be and still is the case in many places with christianity , religious belonging is way more of a social phenomenom than a free-will choice to follow one . 
  i know as well that those who commit terrorist acts , especially in the west , usually know their religion very poorly and do n't follow many of its teachings . 
  i know there are huge political issues in the middle east that makes radical ideas and terrorism thrive there . 
  with all that in mind , i still know that what you call `` ordinary muslims '' are still the first victims of this violence , and acting angry about it like people in this thread do does n't change that fact . 
  i do n't support islamic ideals or even religion at all , i do n't think muslims are especially good people compared to any other group of people because it makes no sense to make such huge generalizations , and i do think the worldview of many influent islamic organisations and thinkers is quite a problem today , even though there are way bigger ones . 
  i do n't however vow an irrational hatred based on fears from right-wing illusions on these people . 
  sorry about that , / r/europe . 
   saying muslims are the first victim of islamic attacks is like saying a suicide bomber is the first victim of his suicide bombing  no one is saying muslims are bad you 're either saying muslims are bad or suicide bombers are good , pick one . 
  you volontarily conflate ordinary people with those in power , and you know you 're doing it : you 're talking about people one second , then states without transition . 
  it 's a shame that it 's impossible to have a cool-headed discussion on this without downvotes raining . 
   saying muslims are the first victim of islamic attacks is like saying a suicide bomber is the first victim of his suicide bombing that 's stupid . 
  so we should blame all white people that are remotely christians for charleston ? 
  no , of course not . 
  the individual doing the bombing is to blame . 
  the whole community of muslims is not . 
  you can not dismiss that muslims are victims of this on the grounds of similar religious beliefs , it just does n't make sense . 
  it would if the vast majority of cultural muslims ( cause let 's face it it 's not even really a religious matter at this point , that and terrorists are often not very religious at the start ) did and condoned such actions . 
  they do n't . 
  you do realize you 're basically accusing more than a billion people of terrorism ? 
  you do realize if that was the reality the situation both in the middle east and europe would be even worse than it already is ? 
  you do realize the quoted sentence does n't make sense at all , that islam is far from a unified religion ? 
  seeing how naive , inconsiderate and biaised your comment is , i doubt it . 
  muslims are the first victims of `` islamic based terrorism '' , both in numbers killed and in the backlash when shit like this happens . 
  does n't mean at all that we should bend over to sa or something ( ppl in this sub build the best strawmen ) but it 's just a fact that you should n't ignore . 
  y becoz in me area they drug dilers ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
   when they 're not shooting at you , gang-raping a girl in a basement or burning cars you 've never been in a `` difficult '' neighborhood have you ? 
  you sound like the most stereotypical `` valeurs actuelles '' piece on the suburbs i 've seen . 
  by always bothering the same people , you marginalize them , increase their chance of commiting crime and increase their chance of punishment , which means more crime and poverty in the end ( prison makes recidivism more likely ) . 
  for instance , as a white middle class guy , i know i 'm way less likely to be busted for weed , and even if i am they 'll just take it from me and call it a day . 
  an arab guy with a tracksuit or something , they 'll cuff him and keep him for hours , unless he runs from them but then when they catch him it 's even worse . 
  is that fair ? 
  no it 's not . 
  is that even a way to fight crime ? 
  neither , it 's counterproductive and perpetuates the very conflictual relationship between `` urban youths '' and the police . 
  when every single day you get your id checked , and you know full well it 's because your face is tanned , it does n't matter if it 's the same policeman or a completely different guy , you 're not gon na develop positive feelings towards the institution they represent , whether you 're a criminal or not . 
  when the bac cuffs you to the ground instantly because you dared to answer them , it 's not gon na go well either . 
  your black and white vision of the world seems very convenient . 
  so you have money because you deserve it but people in poverty deserve it too because they `` cruise through life on state benefits '' ? 
  i 've never seen such a good example of that extreme individualistic mindset you seem to embrace that completely ignores the reality of the hereditary nature of wealth and poverty , the challenges of a life where you only rely on state charity . 
  in the vast majority of countries , most people on welfare have it way worse than you seem to think . 
  they too might have worked hard , made sacrifices . 
  they die earlier , are in a poorer health , suffer way more from both social exclusion and psychological issues . 
  but that 's because they 're lazy is n't it ? 
  usually no . 
  it 's because they were n't born privileged and they did n't have opportunities that you and i might have had . 
  and i do n't mean to make anyone feel guilty about that , it would be hypocritical and pointless . 
  however it 's important to acknowledge it to step out of your own socially natural bias . 
  oh and of course as many others have said better wealth redistribution benefits everyone in the end . 
  the figure of the `` benefit scrounger '' is convenient , because it makes for an easily identifiable ennemy whom is hated because he 's said to be lazy and a fraud . 
  however it 's also vastly misguided . 
  it represents tiny amounts of money compared to the fiscal evasion that the richest people do . 
  they do n't pay more money than others , they actually usually end up paying proportionnaly less compared to the middle class . 
  the world is way more complicated than the hard work/laziness dichotomy makes it look like . 
  they are from the imf , the eu relief fund ( i think ) and the world bank , in the case of greece at least . 
  which is one of the reasons it 's hard for the whole thing to move forward because each creditor has its interests in mind . 
  english hooligans do too , regularly being pointed out for drunken brawls and racism . 
  here it seems like it 's shared responsibility afaik , drunk idiots from both sides shouting and fighting , with great chants like `` isis where are you ? '', 
  from the brits . 
  [ history sure loves to repeat itself ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/football/2016/jun/10/trouble-marseille-1998-violence-england-euro-2016 ), 
   the fact england fans were targeted by local hooligans and reacted your own bias does n't represent a fact mate . 
  more like they 're not allowed not to use it . 
  they have done it systematically in every single one of the protests since march , tear gas is their specialty . 
  heck even erdogan , who sure knows a thing or two about crushing protests , criticized our government for the violence . 
  [ here is an example ] ( http://www.lexpress.fr/actualite/societe/en-images-loi-travail-paves-molotov-lacrymo-heurts-a-la-manif-parisienne_1791491.html ), 
  there it is . 
  saying that western countries are in part responsible for this is equal to saying that `` these people are n't responsible for their choices '' . 
  i do n't think that , i do n't think we should be nice to saudis because they 're here thanks to a century-old mistake . 
  you volontarily and wrongly assimilate wahhabism with salafism and ignore the cold war as a factor in radicalism ( the 1953 iranian coup , the american support to the afghan rebellion that helped create talibans and al-qaida , the rejection of panarabism ) . 
  sure , self-determination is a thing as ultimately you 're arguably free of your actions , however thinking of any historical process or event as nothing more than self-determination , especially when talking about colonial and post-colonial areas and undemocratic regimes , is a mistake . 
  `` it 's own failures '' are amongst other things the result of wrong policy choices by world powers in the region , and undestanding that is key to a proper understanding of the region . 
  people sadly have a tendency of seeing extremes everywhere , like your answer to my post shows , despite me agreeing with most of what the article says you treat me as / r/europe fantasmed `` regressive leftist '' . 
  you should be more open-minded than that and treat facts for what they are , your strong ideological filter wo n't allow you to understand things in a nuanced way . 
  what 's funny is that you talk about wahhabism and ignore that it spread thanks to the british gift of the arabian peninsula ( to simplify the story ) to this radical family post-ww1 . 
   you do n't understand causality . 
  event b happening after event a temporally , does not imply that it was caused by event a. embarrasing that one would even have to point this out to you . 
  when you talk about history , causality is a thing if you take several factors into account : economic situation , social trends and forces as well as political events . 
  saying that the post-ottoman colonization of the middle east and the very poor decisions taken by western powers there from ww1 to today is one of the big culprits of the situation today ( from sectarianism and ethnic conflicts to radical religions ( catholics in lebanon did things that were n't pretty ) ) is definitely the historical consensus , it 's not rocket science . 
  of course speculation on alternate timelines is fairly pointless , but not having counter-factuals is not relevant as we 're talking about history .
