  you ca n't dismiss causality on that ground . 
  you can argue that this is not the main cause , but then you have to offer a more convincing explanation that does n't revolve on culturalism ( `` it 's the region '' or `` it 's the arabs '' , etc. ), 
  freedom of choice only works if the choice made is the `` good '' one ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  haha yeah i remember that poundland from my year at raas . 
  they kept on reducing the size of products so they could keep selling them at # 1 . . good times !, 
  holy shit redhill , it 's like the only british suburban town i know because i lived there haha, 
   the only thing dutch about them is their passport though . 
  mate you 're talking about the german constitution , it 's like every constitutionnalist 's wet dream and it 's the basis of one of the efficient and stable political and juridical systems in the world . 
  and it 's built upon those 20 un-changeable articles that are an example to follow in guaranteeing individual freedoms . 
  referring to it as a `` dumb law '' shows your utter ignorance even more blatantly than the `` german people deserve to suffer '' bit . 
  i mean from what i 've gathered from my uni class on the matter it 's kind of a misconception that the fn has the same voters as the communist party once did . 
  most of those working class who had pcf voting parents now either do n't vote or vote for one of the hard left parties still there . 
  the fn seems more successful amongst skilled factory workers ( who can be anything from truckers to carpenters to technicians ) , who are more middle-class . 
  iirc the mining towns came later than the 80s , and i think provence is usually quite conservative , especially since it has a lot of * [ pieds noirs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pied-noir ) *, 
   putting them together with more people they can radicalize oh yeah we definitely need to figure out a solution to this issue . 
  by problem i mean the reality : they are legally german , revoking their citizenship is denying that basic fact . 
  nationality is n't a legal contract , especially if you have it since your birth , it 's a legal definition . 
  terrorism does n't , or at least should n't revoke this right the same way murder or rape does n't . 
  revoking it is a slippery slope and a dangerous idea imo , aside from the other issues it causes ( which `` home '' country is gon na want to take back these people ? ), 
  for some reason i 'm having more trouble than usual putting my thoughts into words , i hope i 'm still making some sense . 
   not punishing those people is n't an option either . 
  which is why you can prosecute and jail them . 
  kicking them out seems like trying to deny the problem ( which is that they are german ) . 
  you do n't see citizenship being stripped for crimes and felonies , however people very much go to prison . 
  there is a tremendous [ number of issues with polling in general ] ( http://www.francetvinfo.fr/elections/sondages/election-presidentielle-dix-raisons-qui-expliquent-pourquoi-les-sondages-peuvent-seplanter_2102031.html ) and especially in [ some of the more visible ones ] ( http://www.acrimed.org/grand-debat-un-sondage-pour-bfm-tv-qui-ne ), 
  not sure if you missed the sarcasm or if i missed it in your comment, 
  now we only got ta recreate yougoslavia and we 're set, 
  women being productive members of society is very much integration . 
  r/kenm ? 
   you would n't consider a universally recognized corrupt politician in romania a good person and citizen just becuase he has n't been convicted of any crimes and is in high positions of authority within his country certainly not a good person , still a citizen . 
   and an individual 's identity is far more complicated that simply the passport he holds which is why it is absurd to try and categorize it as spanish vs foreigner , as you say it 's far more complicated  it has to do with his language , the way he things , the way he behaves , the way he looks at the world , the way he interacts with his fellow men which vary considerably between people of the same nationality . 
  just look at how divided countries are politically . 
  as a parisian 18 years old i 'm closer to a californian freshman than i am to a retired industry worker from lille or a kebab shop owner in marseille . 
  those are still as french as i am , because you ca n't have an objective definition of frenchness outside of the legal frame ( and of course self-identification as french ) . 
  saying citizenship is n't anything more than papers is n't about simplifying reality , it 's the exact opposite : it 's about getting rid of meaningless and unapplicable distinctions ( what 's the limit between being `` culturally '' french or spanish ) to get to the bottom of issues . 
  once you admit people with the same nationality are n't bound together by much more than their passport and the shared institutions you can understand society much better , outside of this very limiting frame of reference that `` citizenship '' or `` nationality is '' . 
  btw i 'm not / u/low _ discrepancy just another random french guy, 
  your quote does n't say it needs more than a piece of paper . 
  you ca n't objectively define `` frenchness '' aside from that very piece of paper , and good luck trying to define the limits of the french ethnic groups . 
  would you say manuel valls is not french ? 
  `` this connection may be legal '' so you 're french if you are legally french ? 
  seems logical and fair ( and far from what you 're trying to point out ), 
  please define `` french '' . 
  incredibly misleading title . 
   i do n't think you can get everything for free in this word , the state should not babysit people that 's some / r/badpolitics level of understanding of what hamon and piketty ( one of his main economic advisors ) are arguing for . 
   better urbanism i mean we did fuck up big time post ww2 between boring middle sized cities and commie blocks in every suburb, 
   when cooperating fully with their instructions ? 
  are the french police somehow far more brutal than in other western countries ? 
  please show me some evidence that they are , if you have any . 
  http://www.leparisien.fr/aulnay-sous-bois-93600/policiers-accuses-de-viol-a-aulnay-la-video-de-l-interpellation-04-02-2017-6655578.php aside from this obvious case we are discussing right now , my evidence is personnal ( despite being as white as they come , i stil got a fairly rough treatment a couple of times while cooperating fully ) , as well as relational ( a number of friends and people i 've met who share the same experience or often worse ones ) . 
  recently with this whole thing we 've seen a couple of sociologists step up in the medias ( like c\u00e9dric moreau de bellaing with `` force publique , autour une enqu\u00eate sociologique sur les violences polici\u00e8res '' ) which all confirm the conflictual and violent approach the police ( especially the plain-clothed brigade anti-criminalit\u00e9 ) takes on banlieues and often the public in general . 
  this approach is linked to the `` politique du chiffre '' ( policy of numbers ) which makes arrest quotas a thing . 
  obviously since it 's institutionnal violence and is n't only physical , you wo n't have exact quantified data on how much people are getting fucked by the racist and violent elements of the police ( although some candidates propose to issue receipts at each and every police control which would demonstrate abuse and discrimination easily ) . 
  the point is that you know fuck-all about the topic at hand . 
   deal with it . 
  part of living in a society with laws . 
  i truly mean it . 
  `` deal with it '' wtf . 
  i should n't have to . 
  i 'll deal with it by protesting . 
  humiliation ( and often racism ) is n't part of the deal . 
  it 's illegitimate symbolic violence . 
  in fact , one of my teachers at university was last year slammed to the ground by the police for filming an unwarranted violent arrest of an african-bord mother ( it made quite a fuss for a while ) . 
  the policemen who arrested him said : '' on va te tuer , tu es mort , on va te d\u00e9foncer [ ... ] on va te violer , \u00e7a te pla\u00eet \u00e7a ? '', 
  ( we 're gon na kill you , you 're dead , we 're gon na fuck you up . 
  we 're gon na rape you , do you like that ? ) . 
  so once again fuck off . 
  you canadian trump supporter fuck wo n't teach me about the french police , i 'm way more informed on the topic than you are . 
  i can tell that either canadian police is very calm and collected ( conforming to the clich\u00e9s ) or you never actually had to face the police . 
  i 'm not demonizing them or whatever , i know it 's a hard job . 
  it does n't excuse the very serious lack of control ( 90 % of cases of severe injuries or death at the hands of the french police in the last 10 years were n't prosecuted ) and the insanely violent methods often used by the police . 
   nnocent determined how exactly because they litteraly were n't doing anything wrong, 
   report of an attempted robbery yeah , and that was a false alert . 
   running or resisting is a stupid reaction to any encounter with law enforcement . 
  not when any interaction you have with them might end up in violence , humiliation and with you being brought back to the police station for questioning , even when innocent . 
  btw their judicial files were empty . 
  you need to realize your opinion just does n't fit the facts of police/youths interactions in france . 
  they had an empty criminal file and had n't broken the law , fuck off, 
  you assume wrong , it was more or less a routine control . 
  only that in the suburbs you are taught to run if you see the police , which seeing how theo ended up ( still a routine control ) is understandable, 
  when i clicked on this comment section i expected the quality of debates to be poor , considering the title , subject matter and subredit . 
  but ffs , the rioting is n't surprising , and i 'll even say undestandable ( not burning a car with someone in it ofc but that was an isolated incident ) . 
  after years and years of symbolic and physical violence from the police and more broadly the society as a whole ( here le pen equates all the protesters to scum ) , i 'm not surprised to see the banlieues erupt again , it 's the logical result of poor management of the situation . 
  when the lower classes protest , it 's always going to be more violent because that 's often the predominant way to express your ideas , and they master those ways better than they do the nice little march with slogans ( and it 's way more effective too , look at the media coverage ) . 
  when they protest about unfair institutionnal violence ( again both physical and symbolic , and no one is n't more important than the other ) and the action of the police , you bet your ass they are probably be confrontationnal about it , especially when what they are protesting against is standing a couple of meters away from them and being confrontational as well . 
  i do n't condone property destruction and endangerement , but thinking in the situation only in terms of `` thugs '' or `` scum '' against poor civilians is completely counter-productive and dismisses the fact that those protests/riots happen for very real reasons other than the alleged personnalities of those who take part in them . 
  those who praise the words of le pen and dismiss those of hamon have no clue what they are talking about and would just rather accept a simple black and white explanation that fit their preconceived notions rather than think for a minute to have a more nuanced view of the events . 
   fascism or authoritarianism has nothing to do with this , it 's a bullshit accusation . 
  what 's bullshit is the arguments you use and the fact that you so obviously conflate `` 2nd generation immigrants '' and `` muslims '' , as evidenced by your arguments . 
  so what you would like is to make muslims 2nd class citizens , so to discriminate on a state-wide level based on religious beliefs , and even to consider those people as aliens . 
  that does n't sound totalitarian and racist at all , it sounds lovely !, 
  you want to undermine the very nature of our democratic political systems . 
  as soon as there is unequality between people in the eyes of the law ( which is what you are advocating ) , we give up all of this and go back to somewhere between the viiith century b.c and the xviith century , with this `` tiered citizenship '' bullshit . 
  the very principle of citizenship is legal equality . 
  if you do n't have that , you do n't have citizenship , you do n't have democracy . 
  what you end up having with such a system then is way closer to an authoritarian proto-fascist political regime . 
  ffs , europe struggled for 2 centuries to get rid of this crap and now we see more authoritarian fools like you wanting to reverse all of this . 
  so you would create 2 categories of citizens , one with conditional citizenship and another with unconditional citizenship ? 
  and you ca n't realize how messed up , unconstitutional ( at an european and probaby national level too ) and unfair that is ? 
  and only 2nd or third generation migrants , thus instauring state discrimination on a large scale , or everyone else too ?
