  `` for now '' so you would remove citizenship from people . 
  interesting, 
  it 's like that guy above saying we should make a religious freedom law that excludes islam , the funny thing being that they ca n't see the blatant contradiction in their own proposals . 
  he has no knowledge of the actual topic at hand and is trying to hide it by pretending the historical consensus you are defending is only your biaised view of it . 
   maybe you could argue macron is this in france i get liking macron but seriously ? 
  the status quo breaker ? 
  hollande 's closest advisor for 4 years , from the ena and the banking world ? 
  he is litterally the candidate that disrupts the current status quo as little as can be . 
  hamon . 
  ubi+r obot taxes + end of european austerity . 
  aside from macron he 's the only one with a shot at this now, 
  i mean they used not to be a couple of years ago if i 'm not mistaken , and they had to break a seal or something to get to their bullets, 
  http://piketty.blog.lemonde.fr/2017/01/09/of-productivity-in-france-and-in-germany/ thomas piketty , for what he 's worth , would tend to disagree , 
   economic common sense those two terms do n't usually go well together, 
  hamon is now at 15 % in the last tns-sofres poll . 
  let 's wait and see, 
  polls do n't mean anything yet , way too early to tell . 
  i agree about the fn vote , but your speculation about the ps is just that : speculation . 
  i really think you ca n't dismiss hamon 's chances right now with what he is showing , we 'll have a clearer picture after sunday but i think a landslide win is likely , and then everything will be reset . 
  as for your two-party hypothesis i find it very unlikely , but anyway let 's wait and see, 
  depends on your definition of it , for instance if you think censoring blatant racism ( like `` black people stink '' ) or negationism is pc then yeah sure it exists but it 's rather a boon than a bane . 
   when it comes to pc , you 're the one living in an echo chamber . 
  i 'm fine thank you , despite being in a fairly leftist ( in terms of students ) university , which should be an appropriate breeding ground for it , i 've seen very few examples of this issue and mostly see it used by right-wing cunts to justify racist lies ( which reminds me of a certain orange individual you fancy )  i said `` extremist leftists '' and you assumed that i meant all leftists i absolutely do n't assume that , but to you the only one really opposing trump were the media , what you call `` extremist leftists '' and celebrities . 
  that 's a plain lie . 
   now you 're resisting against someone over some harsh words that hurt your feelings no , i would be resisting against [ someone who shows all signs of proto-fascism ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/5phjg9/kellyanne_conway_spicer_gave_alternative_facts_on/dcsajyz/ ) ( good ol' `` alternative facts '' ) . 
   bill clinton pushed for proper border security in his run , and so did hillary back in 2006 . 
  ... which does n't make it a good policy . 
  hillary was the lesser evil but it does n't mean i agree with everything she has ever said , thank god . 
  sanders was better because he got some of the diagnosis right about what is fucked up in the american system , but your ad hominem is still completely worthless and a pathetic attempt at dismissing my views . 
  it 's very typical of the right to present itself as realist but if you look at the long term , everything history and sociology teaches us goes against what the right has always stood for . 
  the fact that you put cnn and buzzfeed on the same page shows your utter lack of critical thinking . 
  obamacare is a bastard system that still puts insurance companies at the top and people at the bottom . 
  but repealing it means a shitton of people are gon na lose coverage . 
  the only way in healthcare is single-payer , we 've known that since ww2 . 
  trump has talked about a better plan without giving any detail on what that plan would be . 
  it 's like if i say `` elect me i 'm the best '' and that my whole platform ( well it did work for him ) . 
   `` progress '' of the leftist in europe you mean social security , the welfare state , paid leave , any kinds of workers rights and actual individual freedoms , democracy ? 
  because those have always come from what was at the time the `` left '' , but i guess they are worthless compared to an autocratic ruler who makes you feel like you matter . 
   trumps successful presidential term if by successful you mean `` entertaining '' i agree  france is already converting hell no it is n't , we 're on course to have either a centrist or a leftist president elected , and i 'll do all i can so that the fascist le pen is n't elected . 
  fillon is basically dead with the current scandal ( s ) , le pen has no chance against any one but m\u00e9lenchon in the second round . 
  it 's starting to look like it will be hamon vs macron for the presidency . 
   and you just said that pc is a myth ? 
  haha , now that 's a first definitely is a first in your echo chamber is n't it ? 
  i 'm not claiming that a vocal and tiny minority is n't stupidly trying to impose censorship , only that it does n't exist as a `` culture '' and is mostly used by right-wing apologists to say racist things . 
  oh and cultural marxism does n't exist either while we 're at it . 
   `` war by media , extremist leftist and a list celebrities ''  no one claimed that `` everyone disagreeing with trump are extremist leftist '' k.  the way leftist did you have such a simple mind it 's quite a sight to behold . 
  not everything is either left-wing or right-wing and the actions of an individual or a couple of them do n't make a whole group ( which only exists in your head anyway ) responsible . 
  that and it could be argued that there is a universal `` right to resist '' as my country 's constitution establishes ( however it 's a tricky issue and i know for a fact it would be useless to debate it with you ) . 
  trump is a dangerous idiot and supporting him knowingly makes you one too . 
  if you think building a giant expensive wall and destroying healthcare are good policies you are as clueless as he is in economics , sociology , history , philosophy , international relationships and law . 
  and more broadly if you think it is a good thing at any point that `` right wing takes over europe '' you really need to educate yourself on the last centuries of history . 
  it 's quite simple : the `` right-wing '' has never been in the right side of history because it 's whole purpose it to resist progress . 
  oh boy we 've got a live one !, 
  guys , guys what do we do with it ? 
  should we try to poke it and watch it get angry ? 
  i 'll try : not everyone disagreeing with trump is an `` extremist leftist '' , and `` pc '' is an alt-right myth . 
  hamon is pro-europe , just not what europe is right now , so basically he wants to renegotiate the austerity clauses , he wants to pardon the never-to-be-paid-back southern countries debts , and he wants to take steps towards common defense . 
  ... which is a good thing considering we happen to have amongst the best somewhat sustainable ( hello australia ) quality of life in the world ? 
  oh that 's so cool that it was the same town !, 
  loved loutro so much but i did n't know everyone there had guns haha , did n't look like it with its paradisiac creek and blue houses, 
  was the town by any chance called loutro ? 
  i was there a few years back , amazing place !, 
  yeah i had n't seen his last sentence sorry about that . . 
  no one is saying le pen is n't even worse , only that fillon sucks too edit : had n't seen his last sentence, 
  yeah he says that like it 's a great thing , which is of course not surprising for an / r/incels and / r/the _ donald poster, 
  yes , though the gendarmerie is much better trained and perhaps better funded too , which makes me wary of efforts to liberalize the police gun use , i think there are good chances it might lead to huge fuck-ups ( we already love our police fuck-ups ), 
  so what 's the difference between anti-semitism and islamophobia ? 
  what makes one acceptable and not the other ? 
  that you disagree with it ? 
   it is literally the base of every society humans have ever created and will be forever . 
  how is that ? 
   considering someone wrong is tantamount to considering them inferior for their reasoning skills . 
  there 's nothing wrong with being wrong or inferior either . 
  we all are in some points yes , but we 're talking about being inferior as a person , eg having less rights . 
  the fact that we disagree does n't mean you should have any less of a right to asylum ( since that was the og topic here ) , if you 're citizen of a coutry all the same rights i have until you break the law ( and even then , if you 're close to marxism you know that lawfulness is n't always the best approach ) , and it applies especially to religious beliefs ( which are still broader than an ideology ) thanks to a wonderful thing called secularism . 
  for fuck 's sake i 'm not saying you shoud n't be able to talk about migration and culture and whatever the fuck you want , there are plenty of valid points to make about all of that . 
  i 'm saying grouping a bunch of people together because of what you believe to be their belief ( as muslim beliefs vary wildly between denominations and countries as well as how individuals relate to theml ) and classifying them as inferior is basically racist or bigoted or stupid or whatever you want to call it . 
  even amongst racist theorists , especially those of the xixth century who shaped the nationalistic and white supremacist cultures which were predominant in the western world until the 60s , culture and race are mixed together and are never really differentiated . 
  please stop acting like the difference is so obvious because it 's really not and it never has been . 
  y' all should stop being so triggered ( it truly is the appropriate word , which is very ironic ) when people rightly point out that `` pc culture '' or `` cultural marxism '' or whatever the current alt right fantasy is is almost always denounced by people who will then go on to say racist things . 
  which does n't mean i 'm calling you racist , i have n't done that because i do n't know what you think . 
  still , that does n't stop you from being triggered . 
  thinking you can choose how people perceive your religious beliefs is naive : if your name is mohamed and you come from syria , people are always going to assume you 're muslim , even thought you might not be . 
  if you 're brought up in a predominantly muslim society , of course it is going to influence you the same way our dear european leaders talk about `` christian values '' . 
  of course , being brought up in a predominantly male conservative tribal culture has an impact on the values system our little mohamed will develop . 
  but if you think the stigma attached to his name and the one attached to his appearance can go away by `` choosing '' not to be religious , you have n't undestood anything about the current situation and about why we have an `` islamist '' revival today . 
  this kind of thinking can be dangerous . 
  by dividing people and thinking you can put them neatly in preconceived boxes , you ( and not you personnally , more like we as a society ) are just making the situation worse in the same way voting for far-right parties makes it worse . 
  to my mind , the current atmosphere showcased in this sub for instance is way more dangerous than any `` pc culture '' , because it acts like it understands the problems while offering `` solutions '' based on misconceptions and half-truths , and often uses these arguments to foster racist discussions . 
  to answer / u/blueishmoth  there 's no more legitimate basis for considering someone inferior than ideology so you 're legitimating anti-semitism too ? 
  were reformists and catholics killing each other in the 16th century `` legitimate '' ? 
  because it was `` legitimate '' to consider someone inferior and thus discriminate against them ? 
  or is it just because islam , and only islam , is inherently `` inferior '' ? 
  religion is ( obviously , and you know it ) about way more than ideology , and even if it was n't , thinking someone is inferior because his ideology differs from yours is incredibly pretentious . 
  you evidently have a very conservative and nationalist ideology , but that does n't make you inferior to me , it just makes you wrong to my mind . 
  edit : mostly grammar and syntax, 
   it really bothers me when people confuse race and religion . 
  `` race '' ( whatever it is ) , religion and culture are intertwined . 
  saying `` muslims are like that '' is more or less saying `` arabs are like that '' which is racist . 
  sure , they share some kind of value system or whatever , but that does n't make people less racist : you 're still considering a group of people as inferior , or not worthy ( like the guy above in this thread who said muslims should be at the bottom of refugee and migrants quotas ) because of a perceived characteristic .
