european unity is at risk because the refugees are being allowed into the countries in the first place . 
  when dealing with such a massive influx of refugees , in my opinion , closing borders is the most logical course of action . 
  this is fucked up beyond belief . 
  there is no ligitamete logical reason for the nations of europe to allow this to happen . 
  not for the short or the long term . 
  this shouldnt have happened in the first place . 
  i just do n't understand why europeans seem ok with muslims immigrating to their countries in the first place . 
  it does n't make sense to me . 
  why do you think it * is * `` far right wing '' propaganda ? 
  i 'm american for reference and i have not really heard much about a far right party in sweden . 
  the lack of such data seems infuriating to me . 
  if someone actually said that reason to me and meant it i would fucking laugh in their face . 
  are you have with yourselves sweden ? 
  imagine what the next 10 years will bring . 
  i 've always wondered what the significance of a-levels were . 
  as an american male with adhd and had trouble with read , writing , spelling and math in elementary school i can not understand how this could happen . 
  i am so glad my father read to me , helped me with my math homework , paid for summer tutors and that my mom has a lot of knowledge of grammar and english . 
  i am also glad my father was able to send me and my older brother to private school . 
  what is the difference between college and university in the uk ? 
  in the usa i think it is pretty much the same thing , but i went to michigan state university not a private institution . 
  oh so is this the new * white man 's burden * for the 21st century . 
  i 'm not following you . 
  take russia for instance . 
  the russians , an east slavic ethnic group , constitutes more than 80 % of russia 's population . 
  russia has about 185 different ethnic groups living inside the country , all of which as i understand it are russians because they hold russian citizenship , but they are most certainty not ethnic russians . 
  many of these ethnic groups are not a slavic people , which the russians are . 
  look germans --  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germans, 
  well , one parent is german and the other is not so he would be half german technically . 
  look at the trends with muslim immigrant ion to sweden , germany , france , uk , belgium , the netherlands , etc. 
  there are a lot of good reasons as to why they should not accept the refugees ? 
  i hope so too . 
  i agree . 
   populist yeah that is a good word to describe them . 
  granted i do n't really know . 
  i 'm american and can not speak german , but i was asked years ago to look over their online newsite back for a college assignment to familiarize myself with german newspapers/websites . 
  i learned about bild in my german classes in college . 
  what i took away from it that bild wasa terrible paper for find factual nonpartisan news . 
  have fun with all the muslims guys . 
  let us know when you need some weapons . 
  haha . 
  well , obviously that would n't work because romania and moldova are next to each other and are very similar to each other . 
  i 'm in favor of unification . 
  steaming !, 
  i 'm just very unfamiliar with the sounds of the turkish language . 
  i do not regularly consuming anything that is in turkish . 
  unless i am mistaken it sounds like they are speaking german ? 
  is that right ? 
  that would not make sense because everything is written in turkish . 
  they also look german or russian . 
  i 'm just pointing it out because it is a geographical mistake . 
  it was always strange to me because in all my years of schooling turkey has always been apart of the middle east , asia , and the islamic world , but not europe . 
  with the exception of istanbul , other turkish cities should not be included because they ( antalya ) is not in continental europe . 
  he better do something . 
  hollande and merkel certainty wo n't lockdown the borders . 
  what i do n't understand it why they are advertising this to africans . 
  more cheap workers for western european jobs guys . 
  well i think germany and the german people do n't owe those refugees and welfare migrants anything . 
  merkel should also be thrown out of office . 
  i 'm sorry was.my question not clear enough ? 
  why was i down voted for asking the most basic and obvious question . 
  yes . 
  did merkel and her cabinet not consider the possibility of something like this happening ? 
  furthermore , everything as you statement is a further waste of resources and money that could be used else where . 
  oh sour cream on baked potatoes is so normal here in american it is no different than spreading jiff peanut butter on a slice of bread . 
  but you europeans do n't care for american peanut butter . 
   imo this split between non-natives living in europe ( particularly embodied as muslims ) and european natives has been growing steadily for decades . 
  that is very true . 
  it 's too much for me too dude . 
  i 'm an american who loves putting ketchup and sour cream on my baked potatoes . 
  i love ketchup along with a1 steak sauce . 
  but ketchup on pizza ? 
  now that is absurd . 
  is that also why she let in over a million muslims ? 
   are going to start taking violent action , either independently or in groups . 
  in the further future , if the politicians ca n't adequately figure out how to roll back this increasing terrorism , and things do n't get better before they really get out of control , renegade groups of police officers , security forces , and military units in europe will start taking action against muslims independently , and then things will get really ugly . 
  that reminds of a conversation i had with one of my friends 6 years ago where i told him ( and he did not object ) that the end result of the increasing number of muslims in europe over time will result in this . 
  we are both atheists . 
  the main thing i was wrong about was the time scale . 
  i figured this would start happening around the mid-2020s and on into the 2030s . 
  he said there is no way to fix the issue and that we will have to ride that wave of shit [ that is open armed conflict between europeans and muslims in the streets of europe ] when it comes probably for the rest of our lives until the next generation deals with it . 
  i could n't have predicted the arab spring , the syrian civil war , the eu 's immigration policies , the rise of isis , merkel 's decision to let 2 million migrants into germany , and the overall refugee crisis . 
  but what about those groups of `` youths '' sexually growing white english girls for sex ? 
  at least spain should be ok ? 
  am i right ? 
  i would n't be surprised if most people buying and or selling weapons on the black market in germany are muslims and arabs too . 
   all the ` isolated cases ' of rape , attempted rape and sexual harassment this sorta stuff has been going on around europe for at least the past six years . 
  i started to pay attention to it back in 2010 . 
  i agree . 
  but muslim turkey is a no go in my opinion as an american . 
  edit : it is my understanding that most europeans are not in favor of turkey becoming a part of the eu and that this feeling has been growing for the past six years . 
  yeah it is kinda surprising that this happened in beyoglu . 
   islam is the law and word of god . 
  many forget that islam is not merely a religion , but entire system of life . 
  and , unfortunately for them , all of the above conflicts with reality . 
  yeah but in reality the usa is the only great power of north america . 
  mexico can only be regarded as middle power country . 
  that is interesting because i learned about it in my german class 5 years ago . 
  it was during 2010-2011 . 
  i 'm an a american i learn about that in my german college courses . 
  thank you for bring this up .
