i was expecting some epic story of ancient tales of battles fought there and the blood of the fallen enemies still running through the land , but it can all be explained because of some high amounts of some element in the earth . 
  did n't expect this . 
  lets call this process anschluss . 
  seems fitting i believe . 
  my mom is not a guy . 
  please do n't tell me that 's real piss . 
  please do n't tell me that 's reall piss . 
  kids are stupid . 
  also in spain . 
  well the paradox `` goodbye culture of welcomeness ! '', 
  seems to creative for a political party, 
  that name is actually hilarious . 
   that they run a public station also prevents them antagonizing the government belive that you do really ? 
  yeah !, 
  now cod wo n't have to do stupid futuristic games but have some contemporary issues to turn into a game !, 
  thanks russia . 
  more than 20 years later and your effects still make germany look divided . 
  fuck it syria is fine . 
  go home . 
  iraq too . 
  alright . 
  get the fuck out now pls . 
  no , they did n't . 
  i am so happy they did n't say anything racist or offending . 
  they said besides `` that 's enough . 
  '' , `` stop it . 
  '' , that `` they should behave themselves jsut like evryone else here . '', 
  respect for the people on the train . 
  it 's ok the greeks will pay back the money in time and we 'll be covered ... 
  i pray . 
  my life was a lie . 
  i have been taught my entire life as a german growing up with germans , going to german schools and living in german communities is that alptraum is wrong and albtraum is correct . 
  i do n't want to say your wrong but i doubt you are right . 
  maybe they have accepted it as a informal way ( since many people really do not know which one is correct for some reason ) of writing it but the correct spelling truly is albtraum with a b. 
  no , nightmare is spelled albtraum . 
  but some germans still make that mistake as well . 
  alptraum could mean `` alps dream '' though . 
  alptraum does n't mean what you think it means . 
  to be fair it would be a nice traum for most . 
  from my experience it 's more like germany in flanders but in the wallonie they speak french to you without being upset like the french . 
  i like the wallonie . 
  he called you australia ... you really gon na let that slide ? 
  my bad, 
  wie foch gesagt hat `` this is not a peace . 
  it is an armistice for twenty years '' . 
  ok . maybe another time then . 
  no , not all germans were evil but many . 
  im certain great majority of germans would have hated what was happening in germany at the time but that did n't stop it from happening . 
  not saying they were active contributors to the killings but the followed the men who led the killings . 
  simply being the agressor , disrupting the peace in all of europe makes you bad and then the konzentrations lager and death camps make you genuinely evil . 
  going form pearl harbour to the bomb droppings is quite a leap . 
  you are also forgetting the philippenes besides the attack in hawaii ... mate , i 'm certain i do n't need to explain anything to you about the wars but  yet the germans were all evil and americans heroes ... so ... 
  winners write history is a really , really stupid statement . 
  i do n't know where you 're form but germany ( and japan ) are definetly the evil side , and i 'm saying this as a german . 
  there really is no way to argue this point . 
  btw unnecessary losses i only meant military losses, 
  russia had the second largest army with 12 million . 
  france was even smaller than british empire 8.8 million to 8.6 million of france . 
  and if they include the french they also should include the belgians . 
  the war was fought on their land relatively as much as in france and they were a great contributor to holding the germans off for as long as they did . 
  i do n't understant why people are n't as upset about that as they are as france not being playable in the game . 
   the french , whose front-line troops were resisting combat duties to the point of mutiny , requested and received control of several regiments of black combat troops . 
  [ you asked for it . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/american_expeditionary_forces#african_americans ), 
  in wwii america was the country to most care about not taking too many unnecessary losses unlike most of russia and most other countries . 
  they fought a two front war and had great leadership . 
  great if you can beat the germans by giving up twice the man power . 
  and too bad the rest of europe was too pathetic to put up a fight against the germans . 
  wwi would not have ended as soon as it did if the americans would n't have joined and actually be capable of accomplishing grand victories . 
  also do n't forget all the aid they sent to the entante countries . 
  like it or not america was major factor at ending the war and thereby saving many million more lives of all nations involved . 
  was n't it the other way around ? 
  sack france then focus on the slow mobilizing russians ? 
  first itme gas was used was in the east . 
  [ von nem bayer ] ( https://gfycat.com/poshwellgroomedgalapagosmockingbird ), 
  the base had the best food court and mall . 
  every american stationed in some base in europe loved going there . 
  it was like a little america here in europe . 
  do n't have dod card anymore so ca n't get on anymore easily . 
  god , i miss the ramstein base . 
  i once heared that dutch people are so tall because they feed their chickens large amounts of some protein which also made the person who ate them taller . 
  now i think i heared this in belgium so i do n't know if that is a trusted source . 
  1.82 m kek < ----- kek kek kek kek kek, 
  i went to gymnasium in bavaria and in a school of 1.2 k students we had 3 turkish kids . 
  only place i ever had contact with turkish kids was playing on a football team . 
  never had any issues with 'em just never really was in a same place with them where i would usually meet all my friends . 
  and germans are fine with becoming a handy man , especially very skilled . 
  unlike in for example america where every single person feels they need to take a high college graduate level job . 
  we promise nosing, 
  germany does n't have enough soldiers to properly move units equipments around even in germany . 
  and nato relies on the us for any major military action . 
  70 billion a year ? 
  we do make military equpiment but we sell it . 
  well if they worked consistently we would have won ww2 in russia and the desert . 
  be happy about our bad manufacturing once it comes to extreme conditions . 
  switzerland big on cocaine . 
  i am not surprised . 
  take out all the electrical lines , poisonious gases or generally all toxics and dump it back in the ocean in a place where it can become an artificial reef . 
  once again nothing close to deutschland . 
  i was in iceland past summer for 2 weeks and was told that by a local friend who showed us around ( especially reykjavik area ) .
