  they 're designed to make a basic human right , profitable at the expense of the quality of it . 
  you really , really should look into these matters more before throwing around baseless and childish sounding rhetorical arguments . 
  there should n't be a water charge in ireland . 
  a : we pay for it through taxes already and b : there is zero shortage of water here . 
  ireland gets amazingly heavy rainfall in the area 's that feed rivers . 
  we 're water-rich basically . 
  this really is just to make more money from the people . 
  i would n't even be totally against it , however the biggest problem is that it 's being privatized and the water quality in some area 's is literally undrinkable . 
  when water is the governments responsibility , that 's great . 
  we can pressure them with votes . 
  when it 's a company ? 
  you 're fucked . 
  thank me by praising the sun , bro . 
  [ not exactly perfect , but it 's there !, 
  in fairness , it 's about bloody time they recognized palestine as what it is . 
  britain has what is likely the dirtiest hands there are when it comes to the utterly disastrous long-term effects of settlements like the ones in gaza . 
  i feel that britain does have a moral obligation to stand against such things as settlement as the germans have taken against racism and antisemitism . 
  the sad fact is , people are still attacked , bombs still explode and people still die in northern ireland due to a program of settlement started by the british a long time ago . 
  the same thing will happen in gaza over the coming decades and centuries if this is allowed . 
  yes !, 
  the exact same thing happened for me , i ever managed to snap a picture of it with the crappy camera on my moto g , so all praise the irish cloud god . 
  i guess it might be referring to the differences that can be made between `` funded by the kremlin '' and `` funded by what people want to read '' . 
  although the idea that there is n't state `` persuaded '' propaganda on both sides is kind of insane to me . 
   clowded over silly englishman :d, 
  done :d, 
  for those having issue 's with the paywall : when russia was preparing to annex crimea a year ago its television broadcasts , portraying the protesters who had recently overthrown ukraine 's regime as a neo-nazi rabble , softened the peninsula 's defences as effectively as any artillery assault . 
  one month later , when russian-backed rebels overran donetsk , in eastern ukraine , one of their first acts was to seize control of the television centre and replace ukrainian broadcasts with previously banned russian ones . 
  the kremlin 's propaganda machine has been a key component of the `` hybrid warfare '' that russia has waged in ukraine , and has helped shore up vladimir putin 's support at home . 
  but it spreads much further . 
  it spills into east european countries via television services that offer viewers tasty blends of entertainment garnished with sprigs of fake news . 
  it extends westward in the form of outfits like rt ( formerly russia today ) , a kremlin-backed news outfit which broadcasts in english , spanish , french and german , or neatly designed supplements placed in the new york times or daily telegraph . 
  sometimes it is smuggled directly into respectable domestic publications , as gullible or time-starved editors unknowingly reproduce russian misinformation . 
  meanwhile kremlin-backed trolls poison online discussion forums and social networks . 
  in this section pointing fingers jacques is back eyes on the prize quitting dreams , chasing dreams a time to give thanks aux armes , journalistes !, 
  reprints related topics journalism arts , entertainment and media media government and politics european union countries in the front line of moscow 's `` weaponisation of information '' , in the words of peter pomerantsev and michael weiss , two analysts , have long sought to draw attention to the problem . 
  the european union is at last listening . 
  heads of government , meeting in brussels as we went to press , were expected to ask federica mogherini , the eu 's foreign-policy chief , to produce a plan to counter russia 's `` disinformation campaigns '' by june . 
  before that the eu will launch a task force ( working name : mythbusters ) charged with monitoring russian media , identifying patent falsehoods and issuing corrections . 
  this is awkward terrain for europe . 
  it was hard enough to galvanise a collective response to russia 's military adventurism ; information warfare is a still murkier world . 
  the challenges faced by britain in countering rt 's misinformation are different from those in baltic states with russian-speaking minorities , or in war-torn ukraine , subject of russia 's most egregious lies . 
  that the eu has belatedly been persuaded to act is progress . 
  but officials stress that individual countries must do much of the work . 
  some are pushing ahead : in september estonia will launch a general television channel aimed at the quarter of its population who speak russian first . 
  others have bigger ideas : latvia , home to the eu 's largest russian-speaking minority , has proposed publicly funded pan-baltic channels . 
  some talk of trying to penetrate russia 's tightly controlled media market . 
  the dutch government has financed the european endowment for democracy , a brussels-based think-tank , to consider various proposals . 
  ms mogherini will carefully read its report , due in may . 
  but her team downplays ambitious calls for action : grand schemes that require grand funds are , mercifully , out of style in brussels . 
  the ideas floated instead are sensible , if small : getting national media regulators to talk to each other , building networks of trusted journalists and , in countries at risk , supporting local producers of good journalism . 
  one example often cited is hromadske , an online ukrainian tv channel that sprang out of kiev 's maidan protests . 
  the eu will also try , somehow , to spread its own message better : eurocrats admit they have been outgunned by russia when it comes to explaining matters like free-trade deals . 
  amid all this , one fear is of ham-fisted responses . 
  the danger is greatest in ukraine , where officials have harassed and deported russian journalists and frustrated international reporters with their own obfuscations . 
  the government is finalising plans for ukraine tomorrow , a channel designed to square up to rt that local journalists fear will descend to its standards . 
  elsewhere , too , there have been difficulties . 
  last year latvia and lithuania temporarily banned russian broadcasters . 
  in britain rt has tangled with ofcom , the media watchdog . 
  some want the eu to expand its visa-ban list to cover more moguls and journalists . 
  russian outlets must abide by local laws , of course . 
  but europeans should be wary of handing mr putin easy propaganda wins . 
  up against lavishly financed russian media , cash-strapped , fractious europe will always struggle : one american official likens the battle to using a teaspoon to shovel out of a snowstorm . 
  but european values like free speech and a commitment to truth remain potent , as ukrainians know well . 
  europe 's best hope lies in loudly promoting them . 
  if attempts to counter disinformation are to get anywhere , they must demonstrate the falsehood of the most brazen russian proposition of all : that there is no truth in reporting , just a postmodern potpourri of perspectives . 
  countering propaganda , not counter-propaganda european officials insist they are not engaging russia in a propaganda war . 
  good : pro-europeans in ukraine and elsewhere want an alternative to mr putin 's grubby tactics , not a european version of them . 
  yet just as it underestimated russia 's military resolve in ukraine , europe risks underplaying the potency of the disinformation threat . 
  fact-checking and networking initiatives can carry you only so far ; europe must act as well as react . 
  unwieldy bureaucracies like the eu have no business getting into public broadcasting . 
  but individual countries do , and some are responding . 
  germany is boosting funding for deutsche welle , its public broadcaster . 
  the americans are spending more , and encouraging europeans to do the same . 
  the british picture is bleaker -- facing a squeeze , the bbc world service ended broadcasts in ukrainian in 2011 -- but officials have at least woken up to the danger . 
  countering the storm of russian propaganda will require innovative thinking as well as money , two resources in scarce supply in europe . 
  but it is worth giving truth a chance . 
  from the print edition : europe, 
  i 'd say that it 'd be more a matter of them preferring to fight on our soil than their own . 
  kilcock . 
  not really ... 
  well there 's an issue with what point of view it appears you 're coming from : that anyone can dictate what a sovereign nation does . 
  honestly ? 
  no one can really tell russia what to do , they have the 2nd largest military in the world and while yes , america would stomp russia in a war , it would never come to that , as it 's very likely that either nuclear weapons would be used and would likely devastate much of the worlds military 's , leading to prolonged instability the world over . 
  imagine isis spreading without american arms in the m.e and no nato airstrikes ? 
  this matter must be solved politically . 
  russia must also be made a part of world security . 
  this strategy of containment should have ended a long time ago , and they should have been defeated with responsibility . 
  make peace serve their self interest . 
  we 've been cutting them out of that responsibility and it 's starting to show . 
  they have no reason to keep peace . 
  war suits them and it does n't suit us . 
  also remember , if you 're the average russian ? 
  putin is the 2nd coming . 
  look at the line of russian leaders before him , they 're all insane bastards , inept or alcoholics . 
  putin is the best leader they 've had for the better part of a century . 
  what i 'm suggesting is that a lot of americans use this sub and make it seem like european opinion is something that it is n't . 
  reddit is mostly an american used website , so it would make sense that would would inadvertently happen , i 'm not suggesting that you 're an nsa spy . 
  i really would agree . 
  europe has been very anti-war for quite some time . 
  now ?
