this is the citation . 
  it 's from the e.u budgetary page . 
  the e.u is a multicultural partnership . 
  every cent spent on hungary by the eu is as a direct result of multiculturalism . 
  hungary ... with 6.3 % of its wealth ( gross national income ) generated by eu investment , hungary is one of the countries that benefits most from eu funding . 
  ... currently over 95 % of all public investments in hungary are co-financed by the eu . 
  the eu invests heavily in hungary 's regions , with projects such as the modernisation of water systems in many cities or the new m43 motorway going all the way to romania . 
  ... the eu budget focuses on overcoming the crisis by investing in growth and jobs , with projects helping hungarian smes to find business partners or the new eur 6 billion fund to tackle youth unemployment in the eu 's hardest-hit regions . 
  ... the eu finances innovative and ambitious projects , such as cancer research . 
  ... the eu budget is your budget : from scientists to farmers , from train passengers to small businesses , we all benefit from projects funded by the eu . 
  hungary is perfectly fine with our multiculturalism when it 's paying for their fucking country , ask them to pay it forward , by helping another fucked up people ? 
  `` nah brah , they 're brown . '', 
  edit : formatting . 
  canada , an irishman is being sarcastic at you . 
  quit while you 're ahead , you wo n't win this one . 
  well it 's been happening so often i 'm wondering what 's so significant about this particular incident . 
  there have been casualties on both sides nearly everyday since the `` cease-fire '' , ya know ? 
  the way i see it , nato was about attempting to keep the ussr out of europe and keeping peace . 
  now , if nato expands to russia 's border , i see no way at all russia could have that happen and in any way remain a military power . 
  they would be strategically defeated before any potential future war ever even began . 
  frankly , ukraine entering nato could only seek to facilitate more conflict . 
  i do think that it would be good for ukraine 's internal security , however i do think that it should be put to a vote of the people . 
  considering how much of a game changer it would be geo-politically , the people must be the ones to make the choice , not that corrupt as hell twat poroshenko . 
  are you talking about the now rebel-held airport ? 
  there have to be better examples now lad . 
  i just have this awful , awful feeling that these sanctions are playing right into russia 's plans . 
  look at it this way , if you 're russia and you do n't like being under the american economic bootheel , you need to provide an alternative , namely , yourself . 
  now , russia 's economy has shown very impressive resilience under the current sanctions , combine that with it 's own alternative to the world bank they 've started and close ties with beijing and their own new development fund , what we 're seeing is russia weening themselves off american economic influence . 
  of course , this is no where near the power and monetary influence of the american economy , however it is a start . 
  lets also not forget that the u.s has made a lot of enemies over the past 15 years especially , so at this stage , all russia might have to say to sell other counties on having relations with them is `` hey , we 're not america '' . 
  it would be a very long climb to even start competing with american economic might , however russia does look like it 's trying to start that climb . 
  by freezing them out , we force them to seek alternatives . 
  it 's also very much in china 's interest to make sure russia stays strong , in 2001 the [ sino-russian treaty of friendship ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2001_sino-russian_treaty_of_friendship ) was signed making them defacto allies . 
  personally , i 'd love to see russia being brought more into the fold , make them need us like europe needs them . 
  we 're afraid to move to heavily against them due to energy concerns , we need the same leverage over them , however we 'll never get that if we sanction them , not with china in their corner . 
  in fairness , i would n't talk to anyone seriously about irish matters if they started with `` i do n't like the irish '' . 
  discrimination like that can only ever serve to undermine peace . 
   skepticism is one of the symptoms of russian propaganda are you insane ? 
  it 's the counter to any propaganda . 
  you doubt everything until multiple sources confirm it . 
  you do not believe an imugr photo of something in a language you ca n't read , then when asking for proof you get downvoted into hell . 
  that 's what propaganda being believed looks like , people disagreeing with you for asking for evidence . 
  `` at least eight yanukovych allies have died suddenly in the last three months '' jesus christ , this is meant to be a pro-west government ? 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  weird , considering what i asked for was something in a language i could understand . 
  `` not in the sense that denies possibility of knowledge '' , i agree , however asking for a better source in no way implies that at all . 
  one \u00c9ire, 
  this is some pretty sketchy looking shit right here . 
  you should provide a much more reputable source for this . 
  not that i 'm calling you a fool or a liar , i 'm just a skeptic on everything related to the ukrainian crisis . 
  can someone explain the downvotes here ? 
  nah , they just have really , really really thick bears . 
  do n't know , sorted you lot pretty well . 
  nah mate we all have that feeling in ireland once ya leave dublin . 
   just like there are food banks for the very poor , the water consumption of the poor can also be subsidized by society . 
  thus access to water is granted to everyone while it still has a price attached to it . 
  it 's really not that complicated . 
  this is called a tax . 
  it 's what we 're fighting to keep it as . 
  no it 's literally a basic human right in europe . 
  having access to it is e.u law . 
  public sector engineering is only as good as the money they 'll pay for it . 
  when it 's a choice of something that people do n't have to use ? 
  make it as attractive as possible . 
  when you own the only supply of something need to live ? 
  good luck . 
  actually , if they 'd have used the money to fix the infrastructure that they 've been pumping into irish water just to keep it viable , we 'd have a large part of the money need for the upgrades already . 
  i really ca n't stress enough how much of a total disaster this has been . 
  it really has been this big of a fuck up and it very likely will be violently thrown out by the next government . 
  also , we do have the money for the upgrades . 
  the taxes are there coming in and all . 
  they just want more money . 
  it 's just capitalism . 
  edit : grammar . 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( http://www.un.org/en/documents/udhr/ ), 
  frankly , it 's just old . 
  it all needs to be replaced . 
  most of the pipes we have are the ones laid by the bloody english a long time ago . 
  there 's also been a great deal of neglect in the countryside by the current government , that they 're now using to justify the privatization , what do you think of that eh ? 
  now , why anyone thinks that the resources of a private company are going to be able to do this better than the resources of a whole country is beyond me . 
  fact is , the upgrading of a countries water infrastructure takes a lot of time and a lot of money . 
  more time and more money than a private , for profit company is going to have the skill , time and inclination to do . 
  leave it in the government hands . 
  they have more money , man power and expertise to do it . 
  the average citizen has a lot more power to make sure the government does what 's needed than a for-profit company . 
  $ 1.3 billion a year . 
  well covered by existing taxes . 
  even with expected population growth ireland is fairly well covered in that amount . 
  the taxpayer pays about $ 1-1 .1 billion of that , and the rest is companies . 
  anymore questions ? 
  water is a basic human right . 
  human rights must be ensured by the state without discrimination . 
  charging someone for a human right through a bill instead of a tax , offset 's the responsibility of the implementation of that right onto the individual and not the state . 
  human rights are always be the responsibility of the state to enforce and not the individual . 
  [ we already pay for water in ireland . 
  ] ( https://www.facebook.com/video.php?v=10153274091389012&amp;pnref=story ) what the government is doing in ireland now is simply ignoring that we pay for it inclusive of our taxes , which we 're ** specifically increased to accommodate water prices ** in the 90 's i believe , and double charging the irish people . 
  there is also an official exemption from water charges for ireland due to our wet climate . 
  [ this is a good article on the matter ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/opinion/why-the-irish-government-is-not-required-to-implement-water-charges-on-households-1.2009288 ) . 
  also they 're not at all designed to `` improve water quality '' , where did you hear that shite ?
