very close family members only ? 
  easily the most popular sport, 
  watching drunks, 
  we love ~ ~ you guys ~ ~ your liquor . 
  well i think the earliest immigrants from here came to the colony of new sweden in the mid 1600s to 1700s which was near the delaware river , immigrants mostly came from poorer backgrounds although one of the signators of the american declaration of independence , john mortons family did have finnish immigrant background from this area . 
  the next wave of immigrants came in the 1800s and they mostly went to minnesota and especially to the upper peninsula of michigan and these people were mostly craftsmen and timbermen i think , a bit rusty on this . 
  2 fluently . 
  finnish and english . 
  i have some understanding on russian and swedish . 
  sorry i did n't understand the dearer part , but yes i do think it is more expensive than in sweden , because people who live in the north near the border do go an buy alcohol from sweden so it must be cheaper . 
  huh ? 
  triggered, 
  it could be higher . 
  most expensive alcohol in the eu and pretty much all alcohol adds are banned . 
  also idk if this wikipedia article includes all the liquor that people buy from estonia and drink . 
  i tend to dislike the stereotype that finland is full of drunks with knives who live in human ovens ( saunas ) . 
  i agree on many statements he has made , so if i was an american i would say he would have been a good potus . 
  i do n't know how english speakers portray it . 
  i saw a military truck i think 2 months ago . 
  every day but i live in top 5 biggest city in finland and in a school that has bunch of stundents from different backgrounds . 
  asia , north america , rest of europe , middle east . . 
  i do n't think there is anyone from australia , south america . 
  the greens . 
  more political parties and no electoral college . 
  yay us, 
  generally a negative thing in my opinion . 
  luckily the police have n't really changed here, 
  according to my dad who went to soviet estonia and the rest of soviet union few times , people here knew about what was happening in estonia since the countries are geographically so close . 
  they think civilization stops soon after leaving the city and we outside of it think they are mostly full of themselves . 
  i think it was mentioned during history class but i read about history in wikipedia also from time to time . 
  i guess not radically different but if you have grown up hearing and speaking traditional western finnish dialect and then you meet someone from the eastern parts of the country who also only speaks their traditional dialect you might not even be able to understand them . 
  the majority of people speak standard finnish these days so its rarer but it can still happen . 
  the drinking culture . 
  we had a king for an extremely short period of time just after independence in 1917 , i cant remember his name but he was a german . 
  i always expect people to speak finnish or at least english if you are a foreigner . 
  its quite important if you want to speak to normal people but you can study and go to work if you speak english however you are still very limited if you do n't know finnish . 
  amerikka , yhdysvallat and jenkit are the names for the us . 
  i would say in every day language it 's jenkit but the official name is yhdysvallat . 
  ( yhdysvallat translates to united states and jenkit means the yankees ), 
  nope . 
  it 's been many years when last time i experienced 30 \u00b0 c. 
  both volkswagens and fords are generally seen as ok i think . 
  it 's sad what happened to them and i think they are just people like everyone else . 
  umm ... finlandia made by jean sibelius ? 
  it just sounds wrong . 
  i do n't like how we sound when speaking or singing in english unless they use another accent . 
  umm . . idk . 
  i think it would n't be accepted here , i do n't know about the rest of the nordic . 
  probably us . 
  very monotone and overall bad i think . 
  i have finno-swede ancestors from satakunta only 3 generations back so i know that they are 100 % finns who just also speak swedish . 
  the thing i find the most stupid about the way they teach swedish ( at least with the teachers i have been taught by ) is that you also have to know and use the swedish version of city names and place names like pohjanmaa is supposed to be ostrobothnia , turku has to be said as \u00c5bo etc. 
  well finnish government is planning to ban coal for energy use by the year 2030 . 
  also i think we produce 40 % of our energy from renewables but the renewables mostly used are not solar or wind , they are biomass and hydropower . 
  i know that biomass is not carbon neutral , although it does emit a lot less than coal for an example and hydropower does damage rivers and stuff like that a bit . 
  well are n't you guys like 50 % dutch speaking and 50 % french speaking ? 
  makes sense then . 
  worst . 
  swedish is the second official language . 
  edit : i guess its more of an annoyance than being a bad thing . 
  i live in western-finland and in the city where i live the swedish speaking population is 0.5 % but i am still forced to learn it , which is a huge kick in the nuts because i am more than likely never going to need it , if i do n't go to sweden or areas with a sizeable swedish speaking population . 
  it 's also just feels wrong to be forced to learn the language of another country just because we got conquered by them hundreds of years ago and have n't been part of them for little over 200 years . 
  i think it should be an official language in areas where there is a sizeable minority , not in the entire country where its pretty much useless . 
  all country flags , depending on the country some regional like the flag of bavaria for an example i can recognise . 
  really small ones . 
  i was born in europe and lived my entire life here . 
  liquor colony annexed . . : /, 
  estonia can only into liquor colony . 
  and they are increasing the prices so estonia is going to get replaced by latvia . 
   norway  poor, 
  ... idk how to feel about this . 
  finnish : native language , every day . 
  english : learned mostly through video games and paying some attention in class , use it also every day . 
  russian : i do n't speak it well or much but i sometimes rarely use it on the internet . 
  swedish : i never use swedish . 
  not irl nor never really in the internet either . 
  i would recommend the lapland of sweden and finland and iceland is great as well . 
  the belgian harri potter . 
  because they have been quite common in finnish history and culture in the past for their use . 
  used for self defense by regular people and used for numerous other things like wood work or in hunting . 
  also its stereotypical to think that someone gets stabbed every once in a while in a knive fight at pohjanmaa who are the most infamous knife users people born these days do n't use it really at all ( some wanna-be thugs do though ) but i guarantee that everyones grandpa has one . 
  now . 
  closest thing is the guys at pohjanmaa . 
  generally they are farmer rednecks with knifes . 
  bbq is a thing all over the country , idk about guns ( i think 1/3 of the population owns guns but never seen one except my grandpas hunting rifle ) , i think a lot of people in pohjanmaa use something like old volvos or something as cars . 
  you may know few people from pohjanmaa . 
  the dudesons . 
  probably sweden and estonia . 
  estonia is the little sister we have been seperate with for a long time and recently met again . 
  sweden is the guy you had to share a room with for hundreds of years . 
  there were some shitty moments but most of them were ok . today we want to beat them in ice hockey more than anything else really . 
  i would imagine they do the same thing in turku / \u00e5bo but not here inland . 
  if you do n't like reindeer meat , typical nordic fish , potatoes , coffee , rye bread and blood sausages our food will suck . 
  also we do n't have old cities or something like that which italy has a lot . 
  like our oldest city turku is from just the medieval times . 
  and we do n't have mountains unlike northern italy and we are n't as loud as italians are stereotypically . 
  it 's very expensive here too compared to some other countries . 
  also if you drink , our alcohol taxes are highest in the eu so it 's gon na cost a lot . 
  but you 'll still find a lot of drunks . 
  well we ca n't just be defending you guys all the time / jk .
