i do n't get you . 
  of course if they care if they 're making a spot to appeal to such a huge chunk of the spanish economy . 
  what were you trying to say ? 
   does education play a role , occupational status , religiousness , cultural upbringing , being a first or second generation immigrant , diversity of cultural environment , social networks etc ? 
  this is a rhetorical question , right ? 
  i mean of course those all have an impact as well . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  that nationality as a factor should be put into context when trying to attribute the causes of crime ? 
  well no shit dude . 
  you 're trying to drown a fish . 
  the fish is still opening its mouth and saying : kick the non refugees out now . 
  stop arming the `` rebel '' groups in syria . 
  the end . 
  pretty much all of your posting history . 
  wait for a study ? 
  no need to wait for a study . 
  tons have been published already . 
  why do you deliberately not do a 1 second google search for `` crime rate of immigrants vs locals europe '' ? 
  ohhh , what is that , wikipedia ? 
  are you computer illiterate ? 
  wesh gros t ` as une cigarette ? 
  i wonder . 
  what happens when you put a bunch of isolated events together ? 
   multiculturalism means you take the good and the bad out of other cultures so what `` good '' are we talking about here ? 
  we already have kebabs ... 
  i ca n't really remember anything in specific . 
  just google around , plenty of great resources online . 
  the point is to stop the flow of verbal thinking you have in your head and focus on the unfiltered experience your pure senses . 
  there are many ways to get to this state . 
  focus on your breathing . 
  focus on a candle . 
  close your eyes and focus on the sounds around you . 
  there are many schools , but they will all take you there . 
  just pick something you like to start with . 
  practice all of the methods . 
  read up 5 minutes a day . 
  play around . 
  yoga helps . 
  practice meditation . 
  meditation is how you get back your `` childish '' brain = hyper focus , hyper concentration , full relaxation , fast learning speed . 
  no you wo n't have the plasticity of a 7 year old but there 's no such thing as too old if you apply the right methods . 
  besides you 're much wiser now and will know how to learn , rather than just being a pure sponge, 
  wishy washy make believe fairy tales for babies . 
  the reality is mama merkel opening her legs to make up for the gas chambers . 
  i think you 've gone insane . 
  without the help of russia and iran , syria would have degraded at a much faster rate . 
  the current migrant crisis would have happened years ago . 
  try again shill, 
  which is why portuguese people have been fleeing their own country for decades , seeking to enrich other countries with their tolerance and cultural wealth, 
  why do n't you go look at pictures of baby giraffes ? 
  to be fair , once you win the nobel prize , do you really feel like just getting a normal job again ? 
  have you seen the reports of systematic , methodical rape in refugee camps ? 
  it 's simply reality . 
   these people are 90 % aggressive , agitated young males with high testosterone levels . 
  genuine syrian refugees amount to around 20 % of arrivals . 
  the rest is a mix of opportunistic randoms from various african , arabic and middle eastern countries . 
  you can simply confirm this yourself now and look at the pictures and videos that get deleted from / r/europe for `` xenophobia '' . 
  there are other subs . 
  good night and good luck, 
  europa stronk cookies * 200 gr flour * 100 gr melted butter * 50 gr brown cassonade sugar * 1 egg * 1 tsp cinnamon * 1 tsp vanilla sugar * 1 tsp salt * 1 handful dark chocolate chips * 10 gr gunpowder green tea * anything else you like ( nuts , spices , herbs , goodies , etc. . . ) mix everything make 20/30 small patties bake in oven 10/12 minutes at 175 celsius, 
  yeah dude . 
  that 's exactly what i 'm saying . 
  you can go back to sleep now . 
  let me guess . 
  human rights watch ? 
  syrian observatory for human rights ? 
  what other paragons of journalistic integrity are you basing your reality on ? 
  seriously calling the nyt a `` credible '' source just shows how far your head is up your ass . 
  you just called an opinion piece with no sources `` reality '' . 
  i mean holy shit dude . 
  the guy who wrote that article is kenneth roth . 
  the guy works for the cia . 
  are you starting to realise just how ignorant and stupid you are ? 
  i just feel sorry for you . 
  there are literally only two countries in the middle east outside of the pax americana : iran and syria . 
  iran and syria are frequently targeted by the nyt . 
  do you see a pattern here , or do you need this to be explained to you ? 
  do you think kenneth roth writing for the nyt is there to provide an accurate , objective report or to support the foreign policy of the usa ? 
  oh , you mean the publication that supported the war against iraq and the `` arab spring '' ? 
  yeah man credible credible . 
  except this time , the `` weapons of mass destruction '' card has been played already , so `` barrel bombs '' are enough to convince the na\u00efve like you . 
   `` they are bad people ; they steal from us and they are poor , '' 49-year-old anwar from aleppo said of the afghans . 
  `` we are noble people , educated . 
  they come from a country that is backward . '' this shows just how racist and intolerant syrians are . 
  we ca n't have any more of these people , or they will upset our resident leftists . 
  psychiatric wards wo n't be able to sustain the increased influx of patients . 
  we have to send them back . 
  today in unsourced insane rumours, 
   anti-semitic lol, 
  yes . 
  and only rape happens . 
  government and law enforcement are nowhere to be seen , as they get pelted with rocks by the locals as soon as they show up . 
  the problem is that it would be fairly doable for justice-minded people to team up and fix the problem , but there are people like you standing in the way , spreading fud about being responsible for yourself and your neighbours , telling people it 's a bad thing to defend yourself against constant aggression and insecurity . 
  what you say boils down to `` look away and shut up , just wait for some abstract entity to come fix your problem '' . 
  you feed into the laziness , the fear , the avoidance , justifying all of that under the banner of `` but you ca n't be mean !, 
  you have to wait for the government to come fix your problems ! '' . 
  unplug yourself from the matrix and realise the government is just an entity that can only do so much , not your parents . 
  the way you relate to `` the rule of law '' really just shows your daddy/mommy issues , not the critical realist assessment of a situation . 
  if somebody tried to steal your wallet , you would do nothing and just go cry to the police , hoping they will help you . 
  you are a pathetic excuse for a man .
