  i hope somebody takes you out back and shoots you to take you out of your misery . 
   did they have democratic votes in syria ? 
  yes  how do you think the assad/baath party rule was established ? 
  with weapons of course . 
  to get rid of a plutocratic french puppet state . 
  bonus points . 
  you also probably lament the european resistance against nazi germany because you know , they used weapons . 
  they were so mean !, 
  bad weapons !, 
   do you really believe that a country ruled by a small clan is anything but oppressive to anyone challanging their rule with democratic methods ? 
  yeah , you watch tv . 
  a lot . 
  or you trust on people who watch tv to tell you about stuff . 
  which makes you doubly insane and stupid . 
   again i 'm not arguing that the usa does not interfer in the middle east . 
  i 'm arguing that it 's stupid to see them as the sole evil in 100 years of history who said they were `` the sole evil in 100 years of history '' ? 
  oh , that 's right . 
  i certainly support hooligan violence as the answer to your stupidity . 
  you just ca n't reason and explain everything to everybody while holding their hands like a small child . 
  if you want to get in the way between rape and justice , you deserve to be wiped out . 
  please post more mealy-mouthed apologetic bullshit . 
  you saw this on tv , right ? 
  did you know he was elected for a third term ? 
  that 's not democratic enough for you i guess . 
  it 's only democratic if the usa provokes a coloured revolution which ushers in a transition government favourable to their interest . 
  so , by `` oppression '' , you mean fighting fundamentalists and extremists ? 
  tell us more, 
  assad trying to repel the `` arab spring '' is called good sense and leadership . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  can you form a coherent argument ? 
  iran interfering ? 
  let 's see . 
  is the usa `` interfering '' in the middle east as well ? 
  who does the most `` interfering '' ? 
  i mean literally . 
  the majority of people on reddit have not completed their puberty . 
  that definitely put things in perspective . 
  you have to remember these are a minority . 
  the vast majority of icelanders are peace-loving vikings that lead a honest life of razing and pillaging . 
  you ca n't just put everybody in the same bag, 
  retardblock has blocked your comment . 
  i have no idea what you just said . 
   eh , someone not integrating here does n't grant him a year in jail and some lashing . 
  if europeans had any sense , this should be considered a lenient sentence . 
  why the fuck would you move to a country if you 're not making any effort to integrate ? 
  there ca n't be any good intentions there . 
  perhaps branding such people like cattle could be a useful thing as well . 
  just swedish goody two shoes angelism here . 
  hey man . 
  having a computer is a security risk as well . 
  i suggest you immediately terminate use of all electronic devices . 
  this also has the benefit of sparing us having to read your moronic comments . 
  there is no natural `` baseline '' level of smokers that society tends to . 
  if there are less smokers , then there will be less people influenced by other smokers to start . 
  it works epidemiologically , like obesity . 
  so you 're wrong . 
   people come to reddit to post about doomsday being just around the corner and the fall of europe , and then they get off the internet and continue living a perfectly normal life that 's more or less the same as 10 years ago . 
  ok . last year , i paid a visit to the block i grew up in . 
  i found myself being stared at by people vociferating in a language i did not understand . 
  i could not look at women in the eye . 
  i could not find a shop that sold meat that did not involve the ritualistic torture of animals . 
  i felt ostracised in my own hometown . 
  but you 're right , nothing has changed for people like you who are completely insulated from the real life impact of the sick ideology you fill your mouth with all day . 
  bonne \u00e9coute https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byzfoatc-eq, 
  so , turkey being inside the eu/schengen would have acted as a safeguard ? 
  you are completely out of your mind , are n't you ? 
   presumably most people are n't going to fly from europe to the us , never to return . 
  i do n't know , can you apply for refugee status in the usa ? 
  can we say muslims are muslims ? 
  can we say they read and follow the quran ? 
  can we read the quran ? 
  can we quote it ? 
  can we quote popular imams and predicators ? 
  or is that too `` labelling '' ? 
  so you 're saying forcing people from different cultures to live together leads to tension ? 
  i wonder what happens if you scale that to the size of a continent ... 
  from the subreddit rules  it is not ok to suggest that members of different cultures or races are incapable of cohabiting . 
  mods !!!, 
  literally three people picking up trash and they manage to spin it into a positive publicity story . 
  it `` begins '' ??? 
  now ??? 
  maybe that would n't have happened if immigrant youth in europe had n't been educated by us-sponsored rap to hate natives because colonies and racism, 
  that looks great , but those still make me a little bit nervous . 
  i figure they can be just as safe if not safer than human drivers in normal driving conditions . 
  however , what about avoiding collision with obstacles and complex environments outside of the highway ? 
  which citizens ? 
  why ? 
  do you think he just randomly woke up one day and said oh yeah , fuck my country . 
  i 'll just start killing people randomly because the us needs to demonise me . 
  the `` citizens '' he 's killing are islamic front and isis guys . 
  remember chechenia ? 
  bosnia ? 
  assad vs kim jong-un : spot the differences . 
  our migratory policy would be ok as it is if the law was actually enforced . 
  i see . 
  have you made any effort to go beyond stereotypical thinking ? 
  i ca n't reply to all the posts , it seems i 'm getting swarmed by some sort of brigade . 
  looking at your posting history , clearly this is your job, 
  allawites are secular . 
  i suppose you 'd rather be in bed with the saudi backed isis or us backed islamic front,
