what if the incest couple does n't reproduce ? 
   and since all people should be treated equally marxist nonsense . 
  not all people are equal , people are different . 
  why ?? 
  why does it look so new compared to other european cities ? 
  they 're just rude in general , good thing that eventually they 'll be replaced with people with a better sense . 
  thank you . 
  the notion of equality in general is marxist and unnatural . 
  people are n't equal . 
  the destruction of what family means is another step to communism by the back door . 
  [ marxist origin of the homosexual movement ] ( http://www.dcclothesline.com/2015/03/28/marxist-origin-of-the-homosexual-movement/ ) http://smashcm.blogspot.com/2013/09/the-real-homosexual-agenda.html?m=1, 
  why ? 
  some people are attracted to their mother , why should gays attractions be legitimated by incesters not ? 
  what 's the difference ? 
  demanding to change the definition of words . 
  the two concepts , normal ( straight ) and gay ( not normal ) are n't equal and should not be treated equal . 
  you are entitled to not be abused , not to be treated as your fetish for cocks is equal to the love of a man and woman . 
  this is marxist ideology, 
  my mentality is the majority view in estonia . 
  it 's ( qatar ) not my country , so it does n't matter what they do . 
  i like their culture very much , most of my friends in england was muslims and i enjoyed their company and got along better with them than with british people who are like you , very rude . 
  estonia ? 
  in my lifetime ? 
  just like how we would be a communist paradise right ? 
   better move to saudi or iran while you can . 
  funny you say this i 'm in the process of doing expatriating to qatar for a job . 
  i lived in england before and did not like it . 
  lol , you really think that the whole world will bow down to minority agendas do n't you ? 
  do n't you know what happens to bossy minorities ? 
   no , eu wo n't be imperialist . 
  all countries agreed when they enter the union with several lgbt-rights . 
  we agree not to kill them or jail them . 
   estonia already has them . 
  not toward marriage . 
  give them civil unions . 
   in fact , like it or not estonia is on of the best ex-urss countries in that regard . 
  and those type of laws exist to fight homophobia . 
  it 's a slow flight but it 's worthy to fight and it will result in more and more changes . 
  the laws exist to keep people from killing each other . 
  http://i.imgur.com/qttz5ch.jpg  you fall to realize that the support for equality does n't come only from the lgbt people . 
  many , many heterosexuals support their rights . 
  why should they ? 
   even catholic ireland , which has abortion laws worst than poland , passed it by referendum . 
  what does catholic have to do ? 
  catholics do n't always have good values ? 
   people do n't want to bother you , people want to live and let live . 
  live and let live is not a way to run a proper country . 
   and that means the state should n't discriminate . 
  of course state discriminates that why it happens to be that i ca n't marry a cow and not all russians can vote . 
   soon or later it will happen all over eu . 
  you seem so sure . 
   not because eu will be imperialist . 
  it will happen because we are an open society within eu and the pressure against homophobia wo n't stop and changes will eventually come . 
  so , culture imperialism ? 
   so , if you want to safe your life before the gay apocalypse , you have to leave eu and isolate your society or join russia . 
  no apocalypse , just do n't want to be insulted by a minority that should be thankful that we no longer give them castrations . 
  why should my national sovereignty be conditional against a man being able marry the man that fucks his ass ? 
  would you feel disrespected if your neighbor 's dog got the right to vote and was made an equal citizen to you ? 
  after all , voting is a right right ? 
  this ` mind yourself , fuck wider society ' attitude is borderline treasonous in general . 
  society must care for its wellbeing as a whole . 
  estonia is a nation state of the estonian people to preserve our language , culture and ethnic group - it is not a place for sexual fetishist minorities to make dictates . 
  minorities have less rights than majorities , that 's normal . 
  so you 're saying that eu will use an imperialist method to impose foreign values on our countries ? 
  or what ? 
  you think estonians will magically become crazy like the spanish did in the late 70s ? 
  my argument is very simple . 
  there is no need for it , and i find it disrespectful to normal families that the love of my parents to each other should be equated with a sex fetish . 
  my vote is just my vote , and majority of estonians with all political affiliations do not like this nonsense for good reason . 
  i do n't need to spread preference of normalcy in estonia , this already exists . 
  [ ** totally normal behaviors !, 
  great for public health !, 
  ** ] ( http://youtu.be/ee9jlonzrvu ), 
  you seem very sure of yourself for a minority . 
  why do you think there is nothing i can do ? 
  am i not a citizen of estonia who has the right to vote ? 
  tell me , are you a marxist ? 
  you are treated as much like decent citizens as a man who wants to marry his mother but ca n't . 
  my life will go on if a lot of things , does not make it right for my country . 
  it is an insult to my parents and other normal married people for their love and the lives they made to be put on similar level with sex fetishes . 
  everyone has sex fetishes , only one sex fetish ( 2 if you count men who want boobs of their own to play with as seperate from gays ) wants to change words to suit how they get turned on . 
  yes , a minority should be thankful for tolerance . 
  minorities exist at the will of majorities . 
  i 'm not your darling princess . 
  marriage is the institution of the family , to make s family . 
  that is why one man and one woman , because that 's what can make a family . 
  inter race marriage was never banned in my country , i want special treatment ? 
  i 'm not the tiny minority asking for a big change that has no purpose but to please a tiny minority . 
  i am a majority that is astounded that a minority has so much balls to make arbitrary claims of what is and is not a right with absolutely nothing but their precious precious feelings . 
  act like a minority and be happy of somewhat tolerance , just like i will not have russians ( a 1/4 minority ) dictate my laws neither will i let a even tinier one who have even less claim to these rights than a russian because the russian can not control his misfortune of being russian he is just born this way . 
  a gay can choose to not act on his gayness , if a gay wants a marriage they are legally allowed to marry woman . 
  no , you ca n't . 
  since that is what marriage is defined as . 
  why does normalcy bother you so ? 
  estonia is a wonderful country , not backwards it is crazy that you think my national sovereignty should be dependent on if i let gays make changes to meanings of words, 
  no it is n't , marriage is defined as one man and one woman having a union together . 
  that is the right to marry . 
  gays are such a demanding minority , be happy you 're now tolerated because at 2 % of the population gays are inconsequential - stop trying to change words . 
  what is the difference ? 
  if a gay has the right to marry his man , then why should you not be able to marry your mother ?
