finally someone who does n't follow erdogan 's so called rules !, 
  yeah , why we are named turkey , and why named india `` turkey '' in turkey and egypt `` corn '' ? 
  mugla has the most european people and their culture is very similar to the europeans . 
  but it 's not on the european continent :(, 
  sscb shall rise again . 
  ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqkzestq0wo, 
  how funny that everyone who supported gulen is a traitor now ... ... except erdogan and akp . 
  these guys should purge themselves first . 
  this is called `` filming '' . 
  they were right ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1ffvweqnsm, 
  erdogan is like : july 15 - best time of my life . . < 3, 
  congrulations armenia , 
  % 70 false , i 'm in the west of turkey and most of the kurds here still speak kurdish . 
  you talk like erdogan right now . 
  this is the shittiest way to defend yourself . 
  ca n't we just have another turkey that does n't have these scumbags ? 
  akp ca n't go over % 30 in izmir . 
  it 's the second most secular city after mugla . 
  chp gets like % 57 in mugla . 
  but izmir has more chill people , i do n't know why . 
  if you want to live with your culture , why do n't stay in a country where you can live with your own culture ? 
  for example , in middle east countries , you have to assimilate or else you will get executed . 
  so , muslims in europe should assimilate to your culture . 
  here in turkey , there are so many muslim fashion shops but no one goes to them except extremists . 
  next : killing muslims in gas chambers . 
  because they want to control southeast turkey ? 
  my condolences to italy . 
  hope you guys get well very soon . 
  reminds me of plague inc. lol, 
  wtf ? 
  after all this shit , still turkey aims to join eu ? 
  turks are accused of being a terrorist . 
  islamists were never in the jails . 
  yes , because we are terrorist and bombing every place in istanbul for 24/7 . 
  / s for god 's sake , please stahp . 
  and they say why people hate islam . 
  yes , best idea ever . 
  nuke civilians because of erdogan . 
  how about just arresting them ? 
  old turks were not muslim . 
  they were christian before arabs invaded them . 
  and you 're right about last part . 
  my ethnic race is greek . 
  but my language is turkish and my country is turkey . 
  so , i became turk . 
  i do n't care about races so much as i just feel myself as an ordinary human . 
  i 'm not muslim . 
  and what religion ? 
  will you say more ? 
  like go back to mongolia ? 
  turkey , is not % 100 people of islamist-shitty-sharia lovers . 
  women and men are almost have the same rights however some assholes are trying to destroy that . 
  fuck them !, 
  we are all humans . 
  and my last message is never judge a person for his race . 
  it 's mostly about personality . 
  good night . 
  at least me , never did something bad to you . 
  you can message me if you want to see my real face . 
  i hope you 're good to us lol, 
  actually it 's islamist vs islamist . 
  they brainwashed people w / their education system . 
  first gulen 's shit , then you know sultan 's shit . 
  yeah , after i read that `` banned book '' , i see erdogan is inspired by both communist and fascist leaders . 
  hitler , was elected too . 
  and it 's actually % 50 of the country supporting him . 
  do i support him ? 
  my condolences to france . 
  i 'm really sorry . 
  i ca n't believe how no one can stop this shit . 
  sorry but they chanted `` allahu akbar '' too . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtmiwvpyamo 2:06, 
  actually all families are like that . 
  they are chill sufi muslims and they never do something violent . 
  the ones who are extremists/islamists are 25 to 45 years old men but mostly 30 years old . 
  and of course old people who are 70 - 80 years old . 
  they can not cop up with the new generation . 
  yes , this is the biggest problem in turkey . 
  we will see ... 
  sometimes i feel like i 'm the only normal one lol, 
  i do n't say it is awesome or something like that . 
  i just said secular ones who are not nationalist , islamist or extremist are better ones and deserve to be treated better . 
  maybe you hate us because you see us as barbarians because our ancestors occupied so many lands or killed a lot of people . 
  yes , i accept but you have to understand that no one is innocent . 
  your ancestors did so horrible things too . 
  you have to recognize that and learn from it . 
  i do it everytime . 
  oh , the other point . 
  i do n't agree with you . 
  secular turks are far better than islamist turks . 
  most of them are peaceful and never beat someone because of his/her race , religion or his/her political view . 
  ( i do n't count nationalist ones . ), 
  too late my friend , turkey is fucked by now . 
  do n't you see erdogan 's actions since late 2015 ? 
  every member of akp and its system is ruining the image of moderate country . 
  no , sheria is not coming . 
  but i 'm sure turkey will turn into a `` real shithole '' . 
  what i mean by that is people will kill each other in the name of allah , rape incidents will increase by % 100 , streets will turn into a war zone , pkk and isis will blow up popular places every day , police will kill who is opposite to erdogan , we ( the secular ones ) wo n't be able to go or study abroad and more . . 
  this is the fall down of one good country . 
  eternal lies ...
