you 're welcome . 
  picture is from bucharest people are protesting for a couple of things : psd member proposed some amendments at the pardon bill that would save corrupt politicians . 
  again we 're dealing with this shit . 
  certain economic measures such as cityhalls being allowed to use as much money as they want even if it 's beyond their budget or doubling salaries for state employees who have salaries below 880 euro . 
  we ca n't afford all this . 
  and there is more . 
  generally the resignation of the government is demanded, 
  what do you mean ? 
  but we know that already : nothing good . 
  it is covered . 
  people have mentioned : gypsies , corruption , stereotypes . 
  but you are right . 
  many do n't know much about romania . 
   i 'm not even ethnically romanian why is this relevant ? 
  also we can pretty much guess that from the use of flair . 
  transylvanian flair either means ` i 'm trying to look cool #clujhipsters ' or ' i do n't identify with the romanian flag ' . 
  the sz\u00e9kely land is a historic and ethnographic area in romania , inhabited mainly by hungarians . 
  the sz\u00e9kelys ( or szeklers ) , a subgroup of the hungarian people , live in the valleys and hills of the eastern carpathian mountains , corresponding to the present-day harghita , covasna , and parts of mure\u0219 counties in romania . 
  note : the sz\u00e9kely flag had a couple of things written on it : the date when klaus iohannis became president , today 's date and the percentages of the votes he received in sz\u00e9kely land . 
  it was overall a political moment when the president , a minority member himself , upon receiving the sz\u00e9kely flag , gifted the romanian flag in return . 
  he was also met with the sz\u00e9kely `` anthem '' without expecting to but said he listened out of respect . 
  he has visited sz\u00e9kely mainly to talk about the dangers of isolation and the worry at the number of young people who barely know the romanian language . 
  he mentions that this not only affects the region itself , but it is a barrier that makes it very hard for the youth to seek employment anywhere other than this region or vice versa . 
  he says the region has potential and it could be a good touristic destination but it lacks infrastructure and not even foreign investors are interested in it . 
  it is not attractive to tourists and companies , but it could be . 
  last but not least , he has once again said that autonomy based on ethnicity is not a good thing . 
  temperature around 35 \u00b0 c are normal in certain areas and it can go higher than that but the problem in my opinion is that in the last few years these sort of temperatures have become unbearable compared to when i was young and it was n't such a big deal . 
  a factor for this might be the pollution and the fact that in my area many trees were cut down a couple of years ago . 
  winters are the same . 
  it can go down to -20 \u00b0 c. 
  this is a map of our weather for the weekend . 
  orange area is between 36 \u00b0 c and 40 \u00b0 c , yellow is between 30 \u00b0 c and 36 \u00b0 c. 
  it was hard to say no . 
  but really , nothing controversial . 
  [ removed ], 
  it is already known that quite a few cee countries are against this project and they 've made their stances clear . 
  are they doing something to actively stop this project though ? 
  does anyone have more information about this ? 
  i 've got my bags ready . 
  i am coming . 
  you better now let me down , germany . 
  that rain needs to get here . 
  that being said , you 're lucky . 
  i really need ac . 
   shit weather i feel like that 's a common saying over there , but i will take your 14 \u00b0 c and maybe add 2 , 3 \u00b0 c more degrees now . 
  that might be too much right now . 
  i 'd be okay with something between 16 and 23 . 
  but lucky you anyhow . 
  they are wild animals so i do n't know what to say . 
  if you 're really keeping your distance , they 'll probably not attack you and even if they start coming into your direction , you 're at least going to have time to hide , but there have been attacks . 
  people should be especially weary of mothers with cubs . 
  they are very protective . 
  if you 're in a car , however , you 're pretty safe . 
  there 's many videos like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5zoxrjjspa ) out there . 
  there are also [ videos ] ( http://stiri.tvr.ro/ursii-cersetori-de-langa-lacul-sfanta-ana--deliciul-turistilor--avertismentul-administratorilor-rezervatiei_75242.html#view ) like this out there , but i personally would n't get that close to a bear just because wild animals are unpredictable . 
  to explain this video , these are abandoned cubs and the man in orange , who 's the administrator of the area , says that the fact that they are fed by the people means they 'll keep coming and be more daring . 
  they are cubs now , but they will grow and become dangerous . 
  he 'd like to keep them away from places where tourists often pass . 
  at one point he tells a young lady `` miss , what are you doing ? 
  that 's a bear , a wild bear , it can bite you very easily if you get that close . 
  please step back . '', 
  my suggestion would be to just admire it from a distance and the retreat because there have been attacks :  http://www.ziare.com/stiri/frauda/turist-ceh-atacat-de-urs-in-bucegi-841969 czech dude stayed at a cabin and went out by himself at night , bumped into a bear and got attacked . 
  he managed to run away . 
  he was taken to a hospital . 
  apparently he had some scratches , but nothing that put his life in danger . 
   http://www.ziare.com/stiri/frauda/doi-maghiari-au-fost-atacati-de-urs-la-padina-821453 two hungarian tourists were attacked while camping in the wild . 
  they left the food exposed and the bear smelled it . 
  they were taken to the hospital but the wounds were n't really bad . 
  a shepherd was also attacked , but managed to run and two other tourists managed to hide themselves in their car . 
  so there have been attacks , most of them not `` serious '' , but you have to be smart and careful . 
  yeah we are known for our wild driving . 
  i personally do n't drive , but so many tourists said that . 
  here 's a wiki page for our natural parks : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/protected_areas_of_romania#national_parks and here 's romania 's [ travel guide ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/romania/wiki/travel ) with tips for traveling and camping , websites , recommendations on what to visit by area which includes both natural settings and tourists attractions . 
   you should probably build less new churches though , i mean not every village needs a brand new cathedral these days . 
  i know ... 
  i hate this too . 
  we need to get rid of this church influence . 
  we need to build more schools and hospitals with better conditions because that 's what we really lack . 
  yes the danube is very beautiful indeed and we do have a lot of amazing natural places . 
  bears are often seen around certain cities next to forests or mountainous areas because some are used to come for food and dumpster dive . 
  if you do come and you see a bear , do not get close . 
  they seem very cuddly and all , but it is n't safe . 
  there has been instances where tourists stop and try to feed the bears and that 's just not good because something could happen at any moment . 
  i hope you get to visit and i hope you 'll have a very good time !, 
  did you know that there are jews who are against israel because apparently having the country before their messiah comes is against judaism ? 
  they protest against israel alongside palestinians and they follow judaism laws to a t , including a limited use of technology or segregation of the sexes . 
  other jews call them extremists and fanatics . 
  some say they 're not real jews . 
  just recently learned this . 
  i was very surprised . 
  it can definitely be both negative and positive because there 's no more pressure now . 
  thanks for the quote . 
   who want to join later . 
  or who we do n't want to join . 
  mhm , does n't sound too good . 
  thanks tho !, 
  that 's what i found . 
  regarding grammar , it 's the closest . 
  if you have a better source you can always share . 
  when you speak about romance languages , do you automatically add romanian or do you leave it out as `` separate '' ?
