  that 's my point you do n't accept . 
  you are not forced to visit a pub !, 
   just walk around in a bar once and ask the people if they would prefer if the bar would be smoke-free . 
  people have to bear smoke unwillingly more often than you can think . 
  stop this stupid bullshit , mate . 
  nobody will answer like that in a pub . 
  they go there either they want it or they accept it . 
  if someone ca n't stand it , he will not go into a goddamn pub . 
   most people want smoke-free pubs , yet the market fails at satisfying that , so there 's a need for laws . 
  this is so wrong in so many ways . 
  if there was a majority like you , smoke-free pubs would be popular . 
  but there is n't . 
  you are the minority , most people do n't care . 
  because they know : if i do n't like loud music , i do n't visit a club . 
  same applies to pubs . 
  everybody knows what to expect when going in there . 
  and yet , people like you have the need to force a change , just so you ( minority ) are satisfied . 
   the age verification system is a joke , in the beginning it only checked if you were 16 instead of the legal age of 18 . 
  do n't you think that most kids ca n't just grab one of the many cards of their parents that work to unlock them ? 
  like you said , `` in the beginning '' . 
  it works since years by now . 
  and if kids can steal id cards , they also can steal cigarettes . 
  stop making lame excuses and half-assed arguments just to defend your weird pov . 
  what the fuck is a family bar ?!, 
  who the fuck thinks thats a good idea ? 
  what is that even ? 
  a place where the whole family can drink beer ? 
  why do n't we have sex shops for families then ? 
  or call-houses for the family ? 
  because it would be total bullshit . 
  these are places for adults , not for families . 
  the next step would be `` only alcohol-free drinks in pubs '' . 
  free choice ? 
  we must regulate evertyhing for everyone !, 
  smoking was normal since ancient times , but since somewhere in the 90 's people decided that it 's not acceptable anymore . 
  we need to stop people for smoking in designated buildings ( pubs ) , so maybe 5 % can enjoy an evening in the pub without any smoke !, 
  some people acutally expect a pub to be smoke-free . 
  so we have to enforce that with as many laws as possible . 
  modern vendors need a digital age verification . 
   that 's a retarded analogy . 
  no , it 's not . 
  it might be exaggerated , though . 
  when i 'm looking for a job and i ca n't stand smoke , i do n't fucking get a job in a pub . 
  it 's that easy . 
  if i 'm afraid of violence , i do n't apply as policeman . 
  if i do n't like kids , i do n't become a teacher . 
  because pubs were always used to smoke ( and drink ) . 
  you hardcore-smoke-haters just started your crusade somewhere in the 90 's . 
  before that , it was totally normal to smoke in a pub - for centuries !, 
  solution would be smoke-free rooms instead of smoke rooms . 
  but hey , forcing other people to get out of the pub is much easier , is n't it ? 
  yes , they are . 
  and everybody is free to get the job they want . 
  if i 'm afraid of fire , i do n't apply as an firefighter . 
  cigarettes are not the only thing to smoke . 
   what 's wrong with smoking outside ? 
  are you even trying to understand what this discussion is about ? 
  what 's wrong with not going into a pub or looking for a non-smoker pub ? 
  pubs were ment for alcohol and cigarettes since always . 
  if you ca n't stand it , stay out of it !, 
  is this so hard for you ? 
  people like you ... 
  worse than hardcore-feminists . 
  where are the shock-pictures for car drivers ? 
  i do n't like the smog either and they are dangerous for people . 
  oh yeah , i ca n't stand cigarette smoke . 
  good idea to get a job in a pub . 
  sorry , but this is bullshit . 
  yes , thanks to [ this sympathic little guy here ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/sebastian_frankenberger ) . 
  that includes banning cigarettes in pubs ? 
  i can understand that people do n't want it in restaurants , workplaces etc. 
  but pubs ? 
  ** they are fucking meant for alcohol and cigarettes !, 
  ** this went already too far . 
   but they were also one of nations that most contributed in rise of the nazi germany . 
  explain that please . 
  the bolsheviks were and are the arch-enemy of the nazi 's . 
  the soviet union spent many recources into supporting the german communists after wwi . 
  blue : right-wing euro sceptics . 
  red : left-wing euro sceptics . 
  i 'm glad you found that out by now . 
  compared to the cold war it 's no counterpart , the warsaw pact does not exist anymore . 
  russia is officially classified as a `` partner '' . 
  you obviously are immune against sarcasm . 
  * the eu is not a military alliance . 
  * that the nato currently does n't have a counterpart does not mean that they will not have one in the future . 
  hollywood . 
  poland needs tanks ? 
  but ... 
  but they have their glorious [ pl-01 stealth tank !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pl-01 ), 
  wow . 
  okay then . 
  ssssh , nobody voted for right-wing parties !, 
   those people bailed your banks , when you gullibly bought loads of toxic actives from the us so be a little bit more humble so you are saying that germany is the only nation that brought these countries into a crisis ? 
  okay then . 
  you mean things like giving money to states like greece because they fucked up their economy ? 
  or trying to fix shit , because big nations like the uk are just sitting in the corner ? 
  or does that sound like a nazi invasion for you ? 
  france , what are you doing ?
