  do you think one can be the u.s. president without constantly pretending that he believes in god and without to end half the speeches with a `` god bless america '' ? 
  but it 's religion , that should n't take place in a politican discussion . 
  therefore i come back to my other argument : you ca n't be a american president without being millioaire . 
  do you think people like mitt romney or sarah palin came so close because they are trustworthy or competent ?!, 
  next thing : only two parties . 
  which are both on the right side of the political spectrum . 
  parties have to spend millions or even billions of dollars to even get a chance to leade a regional state . 
  the smaller party is constantly blocking the bigger party in the senate . 
  not because they disagree , just to hit the political enemy . 
  do you think this system is a healthy democracy ? 
  yeah , military generals and analysts also said the iraq had wmd 's . 
  maybe you forget that your country is part of the nato . 
  ukraine is n't . 
  look at the world map and see how the nato advanced to russian borders and tell me again , that only russia is the only aggressor . 
  @ the downvoters : would like to see your arguments against mine . 
  what do you mean ? 
  distrust because we try to not being biased . 
  i do understand that you guys are afraid of russia , because of your history . 
  now think of germany , literally splitted up between both sides for centuries . 
  you have to be very paranoid , if you think russia would attack the baltics . 
  the guy shot 4 shots at this kid . 
  he even set up a trap to shoot people there . 
  and people wonder why the usa has a bad reputation . 
  have you seen russian television once ? 
  if there is one politican who does the opposite of `` downplay '' , then it 's putin . 
  first : `` kissing russian ass '' might be a poor discription . 
  i 'd call it `` politics '' . 
  it seems weird , because we are one of the few nations who are not only `` kissing american ass '' . 
  many germans are just aware of the liars on both sides ( just say nsa & gchq ) and try to question every news . 
  if he would want that , you would see official camera teams , selected reporters etc. 
   he stays a dictator . 
  elected by a rotten , unfunctional democracy-system just like the u.s. one . 
  in russia , you only can be ( and stay ) president , if you please the soviet-nostalgic crowd . 
  in the us , you only can be ( and stay ) president if you please the freedom/jesus crowd . 
  and be a millionaire of course . 
  do n't get me wrong : every part of my body says no to putin and his politics , but do n't be naive and think that the other side ( usa ) is better in any way . 
  crimea , iraq - make the people believe in a lie and you can go get what you want . 
  when talking to putin , i would at least know that he 's lying . 
  it 's not about trust , it 's about predictability . 
   him partying with putin is not just poor taste , it also sends a clear political message . 
  i too would prefer to have a friendship with putin than one with many of his western counterparts . 
  sorry , but that 's bullshit . 
  both der spiegel and spiegel online are very critic towards both sides . 
  just google `` spiegel nsa '' , `` spiegel usa '' , iraq , drones or whatever has to do with the american foreign policy . 
  both are criticising everyone , let it be the german gouverment , the american or the russian ones . 
  but most importantly : this article is marked as a comment . 
  although it 's from one of the executive staff members , it ' still a opinion/comment . 
  the uk ( politically ) is losing reputation and places like frankfurt and hong kong are growing . 
  you 're not alone , for many germans the d-mark was not only nostalgic , but also a symbol of the wirtschaftswunder , the new , good germany . 
  it was like the only piece of the new german idientity , you could hold in hands . 
  these days it 's not hard to bash the euro , due to the crisis . 
  there were mistakes , nobody disclaims that . 
  but looking at the cold facts and the long term use , one would be foolish to isolate himself in the ( relative ) middle of a united europe . 
  and still a big part of the uk wants to leave the eu , which makes things even worse . 
  i do n't get it . 
  good to know , is there a reason why nissan employs people in gb instead of - let 's say poland , where they save a shitton of wages to spend ? 
  yeah , you guys tend to sell everything of value you have . 
  as a german , i 'm looking especially at football clubs . 
  while reading your comment there were hundreds of possible counter-arguments streaming into my mind with warp speed . 
  until you ruined it in the last part . 
   nicest regional accent is from around magdeburg . 
  dude , no . 
  just no . 
  i nearly died here , trying to breathe . 
  english . 
  i mean the hardcore english accent . 
  they do n't say `` house '' , they say something like `` huggeh '' . 
  if the uk would n't have give up it 's industrial economy ... 
  i mean ... what else does the uk has except for the financial center in london ? 
  ( which i guess will be obsolete in the next 20 years ) do you guys actually produce something except for ridiculously overrated footballers ? 
   oregonian kolsch and eating californian bratwurst . 
  i do n't know how to respond to this . 
  you won the whole argument . 
  how dare you to insult our glorious fort of civilisation , you uncultured yankee-peasant of foxnews . 
  iraq has weapons of mass destruction , says colin powell . 
  all of them have german names . 
  ukip has to use this for propaganda posters !, 
  `` roma '' is not a race . 
  not speaking of the downvotes , but the arguments and discussions i had here are along the best you can get in the internet . 
  it 's because of [ dei took er jerbs ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=768h3tz4qik ), 
  saw that today at the facebook site of the german pirates party . 
  too many people do n't understand that this is satire . 
  it ca n't be more obvious , but somehow people find a way to ignore this . 
  germany : [ dendemann - stumpf ist trumpf ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j1fwlqhflqq ), 
  yeah , heinz is in the same row as hans , klaus and horst . 
  `` klaus '' would be better . 
  true that . 
  you are right , i did n't notice that . 
  thanks . 
  i start to hate that goddamn `` forbes thought of the day '' . 
  yeah , it 's always a good idea to arm people so they can fight and die for your own interests . 
  worked well with the taliban , did n't it ? 
  do n't really understand the text ... 
  but does it mean something like `` this dirt road was funded by finances of the eu '' ? 
  i just wrote it ... 
  german poster : upper text : the nsdap ( nazi party ) is saving/protecting the peoples community . 
  lower text : people , if you need advice or help , contact the local ( nsdap ) group . 
  well , i was just about to tease you , cause basically everyone has the same flag layout as yours . 
  then wikipedia told me that you guys were actually the first . 
  :d ^ ^ but ^ ^ that ^ ^ wo n't ^ ^ bring ^ ^ you ^ ^ your ^ ^ bicycles ^ ^ back !,
