as a german i have to say i barely meet german hating people in the internet . 
  it 's surprising , but true . 
  i personally do n't . 
  but like every european , of course you talk badly about france . 
  i heard way more foreigners moaning about the french than i 've heard germans doing it . 
  the [ daily star ] ( http://i.guim.co.uk/w-700/h--/q-95/sys-images/guardian/pix/pictures/2014/9/18/1411030308716/70643a2d-7c1f-456e-9490-560863242616-808x1020.jpeg ) wins it all !, 
  i 'm north-german . 
  the thing with austria and switzerland is , it 's like america : wonderful landscape , but the people ... 
  sorry , finland is less germanic , more a scandinavian-russian hybrid . 
  netherlands , denmark , norway , sweden . 
  not that i know of . 
  if the bnd would be spying on british , us people , i would be just as `` mad '' . 
  no agency should spy on any people on a mass scale . 
  the difference is : we might spy on your gouvernment . 
  but you spy on ours and on our people . 
  my post was not intended to blame merkel or something . 
  i tried to explain her `` how-to '' , although it 's exaggerated - granted . 
  also also kinda appreciate a cold form of solving problems and making decisions . 
  but i hate to see that everybody is not satisfied with the gouvernment , but nobody blames merkel for it . 
  she is responsible for the cdu-fdp gouvernment desaster for example , but she never lost popularity . 
  it seems people just look away in these cases . 
  i do n't find this funny . 
  russian bases in the baltics would be even more `` unfortunate '' . 
  til us neocons are causing russia to invade some countries . 
  you do n't wan na start a discussion about how the allies won the war , do you ? 
  sitzkrieg was a thing then . 
  i think you misinterpreted my post a bit . 
  i just hope that was sarcasm . 
   our allies would gladly share the needed technology . 
  that was a good one . 
  i remember when some african countries asked to produce the cure for some diseases . 
  the americans said no , because they have the patent and the africans have to buy it from them , because of the rules of the free market . 
  then these anthrax attacks came over the us , and the german company `` bayer '' had the only cure for anthrax-attacks ( or similiar ) . 
  in the end , the americans ignored the `` free market '' and all patents . 
  they forced bayer to sell the cure for the price the americans ( ! ), 
  chose . 
  it was a `` national emergency '' . 
  short note : germany is doomed if it becomes active , and is doomed if it does not . 
  if we do nothing , everybody blames us for being selfish or inactive ( ignorant ) . 
  if we get active , masses of people would play the `` nazi-ace-card '' . 
  merkel is a ice-cold tactican . 
  she solves/avoids most problems just by waiting until the shitstorm is over . 
  she is popular only because she does nothing wrong . 
  the people have no idea what she is doing , but she `` does nothing wrong '' ( no political scandals ) . 
  she does n't have any agendas or political goals . 
  literally none . 
  nuclear energy , military , pension , taxes , every political decision she makes are short-sighted and not influenced by her personal opinion . 
  you could say she is `` just there '' . 
  and so she is known as `` teflon-merkel '' . 
   this gives them the leverage over what counts , the economy and they use this leverage to dominate . 
  you should add that we are not talking about the actual german people , but about ceo 's and politicans . 
  the german people are not involved in things like the euro crisis or major political decisions . 
  and nobody i know wants to `` dominate '' other countries . 
  i 'm talking about borders here , like the op requested . 
  if i 'd consider all the people , i like the idea to live in a united northern european state . 
  i did n't say i want pommerania back because i do n't like poles , i said it because ( for me ) the german nation was born there . 
  no , because of the slavic name `` po more '' . 
  the polish and german names are just translations . 
   the reason we live in a unified germany is because of the two plus four agreement and that contains that there will never be any claims to the lost territory east of the oder-neisse line . 
  this is right , although this agreement ignored international law and was driven from the german guilt after ww2 . 
  it 's a tough topic , i 'm most likely a nazi now because i said these terretories are actually german . 
  but i 'm used to that . 
   perhaps next time try not to start the world wars and then lose them . 
  oh , godwin 's law strikes again . 
  fun fact : germany did n't start ww1 and ww2 was a reaction of the treaty of versailles . 
  both has it 's root , unfortunately people tend to ignore them . 
  i was not sarcastic . 
  i just find that drawing borders should be done by the people , not by politicans playing chess . 
  that might not match your opinion , but that 's okay for me . 
  first : nobody cared about the german people , after their land got claimed by the polish through the treaty of versailles and after ww2 . 
  second : i just answered op 's question . 
  if you find this too `` nazi '' , you are free to . 
  not sure about ukraine , but belarus is just a puppet of russia . 
  kinda like kaliningrad , just more `` official '' . 
  oh , i thought you mean the events of 1871 . 
  but still , the treaty of verdun did n't really create the german identity . 
  officially you are right , the german reich was born in versailles ( not verdun ) , but i 'm talking about the teutonic order , way back in time . 
  they created what defines us germans today for a big part . 
  pommerania and k\u00f6nigsberg back to us , former eastern poland back to poland . 
  only russia is losing land this way , but they can afford it . 
  sorry , but the german nation/identity was born there . 
  k\u00f6nigsberg should be our capital , not berlin . 
   after months of ratcheting up pressure on vladimir putin , concern is mounting in berlin and other european capitals that an emboldened ukraine 's military successes in the east are reducing the chances of a face-saving way out of the crisis for the russian leader . 
  does n't sound as bad as you wrote it above . 
  they ( not merkel alone ) are concerned , nothing else . 
  your comment history shows that you seem to have a personal issue with merkel and/or germany , so my guess is that you are taking every opportunity to bash them . 
  i could be wrong , though . 
   germany has been urging ukraine to not defeat the separatists outright to avoid humiliating putin . 
  do you mind giving me the source of this statement ? 
  apart from that , from what i know : merkel has said that ukraine can also choose to join the eurasian union . 
  i do n't see problems with that . 
  she did n't say that russia is free to annex ukraine or stuff like that . 
  do n't you think you 're overreacting a bit ? 
  my top four : * russia * england * germany * italy, 
  too much salt . 
  but he deserved it . 
  would be a shame if something ... 
  happens to it . 
  i still try to understand the link between `` porn '' and `` funny '' . 
  fresh accounts moaning about news around russia here recently .
