  only the french do that . 
  you do n't wan na be french , do you ? 
  i actually did . 
   what the fuck is wrong with japan ? 
  this question is legit in so many different ways . 
  thank god you said this . 
  more and more i get the feeling that sane people are vanishing . 
  curiosity . 
  you got your oil . 
  do n't wan na share ? 
  no force for you , nissemann !, 
  ssssh , do n't tell him . 
  but cthulhu is supposed to raise in nyc , like godzilla , no ? 
   because the french are more likely than germany to take their ball and go home over language that might be accurate and hilarious at the same time . 
  topkek . 
  but seriously , i 'd say we all speak english then . 
  there is no real argument against it . 
  german is the most popular first language in europe . 
  why screw german and keep french ? 
  i sense you 're getting your info 's from video games . 
   it 's the common way to judge statehood in political science . 
  so what ? 
  does that mean there is only one legit nation on this planet ? 
   the moment that second most capable military comes for your ass , that 's game-over for your statehood , yes . 
  i read what you 're writing , but i ca n't understand what you are saying . 
  either you have a seriously problematic understanding of human/civil rights , or you come across way wrong . 
   wars are for determining if you have the power to defend yourself . 
  so let 's start a war against liechtenstein , to see if we are capable or defending ourselves ? 
  we 're allowed to , cause if liechtenstein ca n't defend itself , it has no reason to exist ? 
  are you drunk ? 
  did you just say a nation does n't have the right to exist , if they ca n't fend off the second most capable military in the world ? 
  you monster . 
  oh boy was i ready to banter against lederhosen and dirndl cloths for germany . 
   imagine what it does to a child when he sees decapited bodies ... 
  most of them are now pacifists , i guess . 
  i do n't know , i ( north german ) think i have more in common with estonians than with spaniards . 
  yeah , we got lawyers for everything , but this is bs , sorry . 
  history , the stuff with hitler . 
  you say german as if that 's meant to be an insult . 
  no , it would be democracy . 
  i sense a slight inferiority-complex . 
  so merkel paid these guys on the train stations ? 
  source : some dude from berlin, 
  i 'd understand why his posts got deleted , but why the entire account ? 
  could a mod explain that ? 
  with the same logic you could say goodbye to k\u00f6nigsberg . 
   our guns malfunction at high temperature i 'm amazed to see that this misinformation is still around . 
   multiple german politicians suddenly got really concerned about the situation in poland , while everything was a-ok in their opinion for the 8 years prior to that . 
  tell me more , tell me more . 
  can you eli5 what exactly was so bad about this `` german obedient gouvernment '' ? 
  i might not be informed enough , but which politican was n't `` careful enough '' ? 
  might explaining it ? 
  this is beyond riduculous . 
  violated european law . 
  and he is by far not the only one supporting this check mechanism . 
  again , please tell me who said something about controlling poland . 
  instead of silently downvoting without giving a response , try to explain why germans now have to stfu about poland because some other germans killed poles , and why germans should n't stfu about russia , although other germans killed even more russians ? 
   in this particular case , the text on the wprost 's frontpage says `` they want to supervise/control poland again '' . 
  look at the front cover and tell me again they do n't compare the eu with the third reich . 
  and then please tell me which german politican said that he wants to supervise/control poland . 
  okay , but what now ? 
  should the german political class stop any criticism of russia , because the nazis killed millions of them ? 
  that 's exactly how you argue . 
  belarus and ukraine did n't have it any better . 
  and yet i 've never heard one of them pulling the nazi card . 
  if you think we modern germans have some kind of limitation on how we should function/act as a nation , just because germans before us did crimes , it 's your thing . 
  and your thing alone . 
  and btw : the eu 's first reason to exist is to prevent that this bs will happen again . 
  that poles are now comparing the eu with the third reich has some special character to it . 
  this collective guilt bullshit is sickening . 
  but what makes me even more angry is this polish victim attitude , combined with that inferiority-complex . 
  nearly the whole continent fell victim to the nazis and their disgusting actions , yet many poles behave like they were the only victim . 
  poland was , and is no exception . 
   germany thinks that poles voted `` wrong '' so they must be put in check . 
  words like these make me sick . 
  of course it 's only germany ( still the favorite bad guy ) and of course it 's not only about press freedom . 
   but leaving the cover and focusing on the content of the article do n't you think it is somehow relevant to say that germany wants to govern poland got more info 's about that ? 
  this time without italy !, 
  pepperidge farm remembers . 
  yeah , they really need it . 
  screw you , we want australia !, 
  and canada !, 
  they are just europeans on vacation . 
  voted for estonia for showing more european values than most others . 
  and because it 's eesti . 
  i bet they would . 
  austrians are worldwide known for their peaceful nature . 
  not about the borders . 
  about the `` aus '' text . 
  oh oh , you triggered some austrians there . 
  who 's asking poland ? 
  i did n't find the tinfoilhat `` evil germans and russians want to invade '' conspiration theory funny either . 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  i hope you know that . 
   there will be nothing holding back german-russian interests and we 'll be all alone here between 2 monsters . 
  one economical and the other a military power with grandious dreams . 
  yes , then our great plan will be complete . 
  ca n't wait for my glorious deutschland to annex the rich reich of romania with all it 's wealth . 
  then we have enough oil to call the moon nazis to finally invade egypt to get the holy grail . 
  you can moan as much as you want , your bicycles are gone .
