  did n't see that , i 'm blinded by the shiny four golden stars on my kit when i look down . 
  guess i lost the argument now . 
  which must be horrible , because you 've never won anything . 
  intended . 
  now i know why they say danish people have a special kind of humour . 
  ah , the word in the headline is `` penniless '' !, 
  yeah , that sounds better than my first thought . 
   hurting our economy for unimportant countries that is the most idiotic sentence i 've heard for the last weeks . 
  dear international reddit community , in the name of my nation i feel the need to apologise for this guy . 
  we ca n't avoid having people like him or david hasselhoff around , but we 're w\u00f6rking on it . 
  yeah , unfortunately that went kinda wrong . 
  yes , they do . 
  and they do n't like to hear it . 
  question is , what are we gon na do with that much gas ? 
  better than going to prison f\u00fcr selling kinder eggs instead of assault rifles . 
  nah , you just ca n't stand my high amount of [ freedom ] ( https://saltshakernews.files.wordpress.com/2014/07/merica.jpg ), 
  industrial espionage wo n't help you . 
  you ca n't even build your own refridegerators , you have to import everything that 's more complicated than a table . 
  but hey , have fun listening to merkels calls . 
  i would n't even do it if i get paid for that . 
  the usa is just like a cheeky kid who want 's to prove it 's parents how independent it is . 
  according to the `` history channel '' , we only had one war . 
  sincerly , germany . 
  i actually missed the joke too . 
  care to explain ? 
  # justgermanthings, 
  i think if there is a ww3 , it will center around asia . 
  or we just have to wait for austria . 
  i can recommend [ volker pispers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sg0ql0vfcrg ) . 
  in contrast to henning wehn , pispers is well known in germany and is a bit more serious . 
  the video is a bit older , but it 's still valid . 
  right . 
  but perhaps it 's good , so she can see what kind of man her father is . 
  10/10 , would do the same . 
  this guy has less charisma than an east german appartment block . 
   it is almost always good . 
  my opinion on that differs . 
  capitalism means there are always losers , when there are winners . 
  the desaster of communism shows that the ( western ) world is perhaps not ready for a different system . 
  no , things differ when you have to send an army through snow apparently . 
  and that 's called capitalism . 
  you canadians should apologise for bringing such potential weapons into the us . 
  no , it 's not mother nature . 
  it 's the evil commies . 
  we must arm our mothers and teachers with automatic assault rifles , so they can fight the kinder eggs . 
  they do n't have diesel golfs ? 
  what kind of misery is that ? 
  they are dangerous , according to the us gouvernment , they kill children !, 
  for denying them european chocolade . 
  i never thought i 'd say this , but : sorry , canada . 
  all they need is brute force . 
  and they have it . 
  i 'm sorry that my country contains some groups of idiots . 
  preparing ... lebensraum and stuff . 
  +1 for `` meesa screwed up '' . 
  btw : the happenings in episode ii are greatly inspired after the weimar crisis , hitlers success and the reichstagsbrand ( german parliament on fire ) . 
   i emigrated in 2008 - when i was 10 [ ... ] that means you 're 16 ? 
  well , that 's surprising , since your writing and the facts you bring do n't let one assume you are so young . 
  congrats for that , then . 
  i agree , i have a `` small '' tendency to get into trouble by not watching my words . 
   you 'll never stop learning , in that regard i think i have room for advance . 
  thanks for your fair and respectful answers aswell , i guess we can mark this case as `` closed '' . 
   what media ? 
  i assume you 're talking about russian media , then yeah [ ... ] no , i actually meant european ( or at least german ) media . 
  whenever there are news about the russian gouvernment passing `` debatable '' laws , there are no reports of effective counter-protests . 
  and when there is is one , we see coverage of russian police assaulting the demonstrants and russian courts putting the leaders of those movements for years in jail . 
  first , i agree with everything you said . 
  especially the big part of the media seems right . 
  media has always been the perfect platform for propaganda and misleading informations . 
  this was always the case , and even today there are too many countries without a decent coverige by independend news casters . 
  secondly , you said you left russia . 
  do you mind me asking where you live now and what the reason was to leave your country ? 
  because i often hear about russians ( mostly russians from the intelligent class , so to say ) leaving their home country because they feel not safe or comfortable anymore . 
  meanwhile , i 'll add you to my imaginary list of `` good '' russians . 
   a lot of people are displeased with putin . 
  well , thats kind of nice to hear . 
  unfortunately this is either not a majority , or the media is not mentioning a anti-putin-movement . 
   the reason many people still support him is because he is better than what was before - the 90s was a hard time for russia [ ... ] yes , i totally understand that . 
  but the sme goes for former ussr states everywhere in east europe and north asia . 
  as far as for the eastern european countries , they did n't spawn a toxic political enviroment ( not sure for ukraine and belarus , though ) . 
  more about that later . 
   you do n't even know what the term means . 
  i do know what it means , and i admit that it was kind of a nasty choice of words . 
  just like the un security council and the veto ability , the terms `` first world '' etc are relics from past times . 
  but look at poland and the baltics for example . 
  they were in nearly the same boat as russia after 1990 , but they made much more out of their possibilities . 
  they developed healthy enviroments for politics and media , these are working democracies , whose found their ways into the eu , nato and other international communities . 
  talking about poland , as a german it makes me kinda happy to see that the poles began to let the past be the past and look forward , just as we west europeans did . 
  this was a huge step forward for poland and it 's relationship with it 's ( western ) neighboors . 
  now poland is part of the political triangle `` france-germany-poland '' , which works for cultural diplomacy in europe for example . 
  eh , i make my text longer than i should . 
  sorry for that . 
  but looking at russian these days , you 'll get the strong feeling that it 's looking into the past and making the same mistakes as 100 years before . 
  like the occupation of crimea or the paid/forced ( ? ), 
  revolts in the eastern ukraine . 
  all the things that are happening in russia ( besides ukraine ) - laws against homosexual people - oppression of people not agreeing with putins mind - hunt for international reporters - extremism - populism . 
  they really sound freightening and concerning . 
  and since there no few to no media cover at all about protest movements ( you tell me if these exist ) from russians against these things , the view at russia is of course affected . 
  and no , i have n't been to russia . 
  but friends and family have been .
