  sorry for the questions , but i really ca n't see your point . 
  god , i loved playing snake . 
  that 's a nice analogy , but i still do n't know what recources you 're talking about . 
   easy to be generous with everyone 's shared resources . 
  mind explaining ? 
  your point is ? 
  tbh sch\u00e4ubles grexit plan was just that : a plan . 
  he proposed it as an alternative , the media and people went batshit crazy about it . 
  i do n't think he 's such a big enemy to democracy than many believe . 
  there is a tendency to glorify bismarck . 
  he still was a reckless politican who used military action to achieve his political goals . 
  so was everybody else though . 
  i disagreed with `` the eu 's f\u00fchrer '' which is highly problematic statement . 
  what a valueable comment . 
  oh , now i get you . 
  three girls and two women + fourteen other family members . 
  i like the mascot , it 's funny . 
  although [ this ] ( http://www.airsoftoutletnw.com/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/m/e/merica_eagle_bacon_m4_velcro_tactical_morale_patch.jpg ) would be mire fitting . 
  arming every child is no suggestion ? 
  always has been . 
  implying he is literally romania . 
  the twelve stars represent completeness and unity . 
  look at the clock . 
  balkans , romania ... 
  not in south-eastern eu countries . 
  not in the same manner as of now . 
  he 's right . 
  ca n't beat marching polish soldiers while the voice shouts `` die waffen , legt an ! '', 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  my dutch buddy keeps telling me how amazingly tasty these pizza 's are , where you have hot dog 's in the crust . 
  this is the worst insult to european cuisine ever made . 
  you probably mean a coalition of many ez members and the troika , including merkel . 
  quoting you :  ... and eventually start throwing it about , telling other countries what to do . 
  then i asked where germany told others what to do . 
  where is the straw man ? 
  you do n't wan na answer the question ? 
  have a nice day . 
  can you please answer my goddamn question , or do you want to hint at the straw man link for a third time ? 
  btw , one could call that a straw man . 
  you `` prove '' that germany has the most weight in the eu . 
  but you did n't prove where germany told others what to do . 
  could you please do that ? 
  again , where did germany tell other countries what to do ? 
  i think the media are exaggerating that a bit . 
  of course some countries are in the spotlight , but that 's far from going full eu dictator . 
  i totally agree on that . 
  at least for the french pov it was a mix between `` germany would be too strong '' and `` selfish '' politics . 
  then i do n't understand your entire post . 
  ww1 started by austria-hungary , germany got sucked in due to alliance pledges . 
  germans were just as war-hungry as the entente powers . 
  fuck the krauts , amiright ? 
  ww2 direct causality of ww1 and the versailles treaty . 
  1871 germany forms as a modern state after the german states were overrun , occupied and plundered by french troops . 
  yeah , a united germany is just as dangerous as a united uk or france . 
  ask the people of your former colonies how nice they had it back then . 
  i ca n't believe i 'm seriously discussions things like these on / r/europe . 
  thank you for this nice and informative conversation . 
  i think you did n't seriously speak to that many germans then . 
  the problem we have with the usa are not about history , it 's about the present . 
  the usa became what it was fighting against in the past . 
  everybody admired the usa after ww2 because it 's politicans and people stood up for the right things . 
  look at it now . 
  it 's a horrible mess . 
  if a people ( ! ), 
  seriously considers to make people like sarah palin or donald trump presidencial candidates , if you have no chance of becoming the president unless you 're a millionaire , if your country is controlled by companies instead of people , if your country is nearly at constant war for morally doubtful reasons , then you lose a lot of reputation . 
  and your `` hurr durr merica saved the world '' crap did n't help much either . 
  okay , so now i have to pay ww2 reperations ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  so the nazis started ww1 ? 
  til . 
  we payed ww1 guilt debts until 2010 . 
  yeah , you 're totally right . 
  we still should pay them for a war we did n't even start . 
  and do you think germany is the only country asking others to keep their finances somewhat healthy ? 
  the vast majority of the ez supports this , northern and eastern ez countries even more radical than the germans . 
  where do you get your knowledge from , fox news ? 
  are you serious about that ? 
  i mean ... 
  seriously ? 
  where did germany tell other countries what to do ? 
  how many times did that happen ? 
  i need the source for that butter stick thing , like now . 
  implying every us guy has to share the same views as his gouvernment . 
  that 's good to know . 
  do n't count on that . 
  the majority blindly believes what the yellow press is telling them . 
  yeah guys , trust him . 
  he 's ... 
  some dude on reddit . 
  fin . 
  good point , because the only two reasons why the world would unite is either contact with hostile aliens or a nuclear armageddon . 
  i could swear i read that before today . 
  could be the weather though . 
  easy , buddy . 
  and do n't tell me this is not a legit answer , it is . 
  i find [ this one ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/2c/33/1a/2c331ac6ba7ea2d62dca8f650dcea3a4.jpg ) better . 
  well , yeah . 
  those evil nazi homosex bastards !, 
  german , english and kauderwelsch . 
  please ... for the love of god , stop using blank spaces between words and punctuation marks .
