  because the `` past '' only includes 1914 onwards , the two thousand years before do n't count ? 
  not that sweden was the douchebag of europe for a pretty long time , invading and plundering every country that they fancied . 
  sincerely , a salty , but fed up german . 
  these germans , they 're literally hitler !, 
  long live cricket . 
  this time it 's blitzkrieg from behind !, 
  ca n't wait to see the dutch faces after they got the order to cross the seine . 
  have a dutch friend , he says bikes get stolen everyday and sold afterwards to random people for like 10 $ . 
  that 's some kind of shadow buisness there . 
  nsfw tags are to protect people from disturbing content . 
  my point is even the 8 o'clock news are more disturbing than that footage . 
  how so ? 
  every evening crime series has more blood than that . 
  france 's army is way more capable than the uk 's . 
  heck , they ca n't even build rifles and tank shells without us . 
   because they like the fact of beeing the prime force in europe . 
  they have n't been since ... somewhen before ww1 , maybe even further back . 
  naval power , yes . 
  army ? 
  not a chance . 
  aaaand , there we go . 
   what ? 
  why are you pretending there 's a terrorism threat from other eu countries ? 
  the raf ? 
  do you think the islamists invented terrorism ? 
   we shall not be responsible for the sins of the past . 
  you should be more grateful for that than most . 
  grateful for what ? 
  for the artificial guilt of ww1 , gifted by the entente ? 
  what do you mean ? 
   how is this solving the issue ? 
  this will just inflate the problem . 
  am i supposed to find a solution for that ? 
  you just used it as an argument without a link to the refugee-decision . 
   they speak english in wales . 
  like ... over 99 % speak english . 
  english speaking population of syria is much , much lower . 
  how about this : can you understand polish ? 
  italian ? 
  russian ? 
  finnish ? 
  oh , language barriers !, 
  all those horrible language barriers !, 
   less jobs available and the refugees themselves count as unemployed . 
  `` less jobs available '' is n't an argument in a free market economy . 
  if they are better than you , deal with it . 
   yes . 
  so we 're in agreement then . 
  letting in over a million refugees will inflate the issue . 
  i distance myself far from agreeing with you . 
  i acknowledge the issues that are coming with binding many refugees together without properly integrating them . 
  but neither do n't i generalise as you do , nor do n't i use strawmans and loose , unrelated facts as arguments . 
   sigh ... disagreeing with how the refugee crisis was handled = / = trump supporter . 
  funny , i did n't even mention him . 
  but farage would be fitting better . 
  did we send refugees to other countries ? 
  afaik we asked our neighboors if they 'd take refugees aswell . 
  and it does n't matter if the un is a government or not - treaties are to be respected . 
  if we would bail out of every contract just because we are feeling `` meh '' , we can call it a day anyway . 
   potential avenue for terrorists into europe . 
  just as free travel between eu states or even provinces . 
  how about building a giant wall ? 
  it will be magnificent ? 
   immense costs . 
  the price of basic humanity . 
  i 'm sure we as one of the richest countries can spend it . 
  friendly reminder : the uk exploited it 's colonies for centuries , and many of these colonies are now in need of help . 
   increased pressure on public services . 
  which is supported by job cuts the government did since the 1990 's . 
   difficulty of islamic backgrounds and cultures to integrate well into western society . 
  yeah , what a horror scenario they muslims integrate themselves into western society . 
   language barriers . 
  have you been in wales lately ? 
  i bet you understand welsh just as good as arabic . 
   increased unemployment . 
  if you lose your job , because a refugee with disadvantages in language and knowledge takes it , that would n't speak for you , would it ? 
   rise in crime . 
  which is the result of ghettonisation of people . 
  does n't matter if they are arabic , polish or german - if you stack them in camps with nothing to do , what do you expect ? 
  something personal : you can hand out as many `` facts '' or opinions as you want - i 'm not even denying that some folks under them should be deported back - but we 're talking about merkel 's decision to not repell the refugees . 
  if you think that was a wrong decision , you should perhaps give / r/the _ donald a chance . 
  the un carta said otherwise . 
  just as basic common sense . 
  i got personal experience with refugees everyday . 
  please , enlighten me . 
  go ahead and tell me how bad and dangerous they are . 
  like with arguments , no wild assumtions straight out of breitbart news . 
  european countries helped a lot to turn africa into a shithole , and asking other countries to share the burden is `` pawning off responsibility '' ? 
  how many refugees did the uk welcome ? 
  or are they still being denied access at calais ? 
  i 'm not a fan of merkel , but at least we did our fucking `` responsibility '' . 
   kinda expected that response . 
  well , 2 instances come to mind ... but i 'll settle with the german failure to deal with the refugee crisis and then attempted to force other countries to bear the burden of your error . 
  failed the refugee crisis ? 
  did they flood europe yet ? 
  or are they rioting , and i did n't notice ? 
  and since when is respecting the un refugee carta an error ? 
  oh , the `` ww2 '' ace card ... 
  thanks , have a nice day . 
   then you should be happy to gain a better neighbour rather than a disruptive member .
