   worked for ~ ~ bismarck . ~ ~ everyone . 
  ftfy, 
  the only thing that 's creepy here is the video . 
  why are there different voting days ? 
   [ ... ] the german army and its western allies are once again preparing for a major war with russia . 
  this is a big argument . 
  maybe too big . 
  there is afaik no effective indication for this . 
  yes , there are more military exercises going on . 
  no , the german gouvernment is still selling old and new weapon systems ( assault rifles , tanks and ifv 's , missiles , submarines ... ) instead of keeping them . 
  no , the bundeswehr is still not capable of fighting such a big war . 
  no , politicans and most importantly the majority of the people are strictly against any kinds of war . 
  what i find really interesting are these words from `` charles_knause '' a commentor below the article :  some sources seem to be indicating that nato has been undergoing a slow transformation where the center of gravity and the central command apparatus seems to have passed from washington to berlin . 
  [ ... ] and :  one of the pre-existing conditions that the present situation has inherited is the mistaken assumption that germany is not a nuclear power . 
  the us through nato has turned over to german control hundreds ( perhaps thousands ) of various types of nuclear warheads . 
  combatant commanders in the field have been delegated the authority by nato to be able to use such `` tactical '' nukes based upon their own best judgment regarding any potential situation that they could conceivably be facing that would warrant such use . 
  i really would like to see the sources for these statements . 
  many people 's ancestors were german . 
  well , that is not the answer i expected . 
   i do n't usually need german anywhere so i 'm starting to forget . 
  soon . 
  german , english and kauderwelsch . 
  and vote for the ukip . 
  thanks , britain . 
  which has more to do with british isolationism and the refuse for responsibility . 
  should n't be a problem for teflon-merkel . 
  downvote because of misleading title . 
  like my polish friend said , it 's a satirical party . 
   let 's be honest , the conchita win was 95 % politics . 
  source for these numbers please . 
   although there were of course political opinions involved , she did a very good job on the stage as far as i can tell . 
  and most importantly : you are russian and you complain about political spent points in the esc ? 
  really ? 
  you guys just trade your points with your post-soviet neighbours left and right since years . 
  yes , i know that . 
  what i mean by `` sad '' is the fact that - to be `` friends '' we have to go and kill someone else , so to say . 
  alrighty , you never stop learning . 
  i do n't think they were the first ones . 
  what happened back then ? 
  i do n't think they allied against a nation back then . 
  could be wrong though . 
  ah nice , thanks . 
  well , that seems to be a good idea ... kinda ... 
  in theory . 
  i do n't mind to get spoiled in this case , because i do n't have plans to watch the movie / read the book in the near future . 
  just would like to know what he is talking about / what it means . 
  sorry what ? 
  this always happens . 
  germany only got united to fight napoleon . 
  france and england always fought wars for centuries until germany was on the rise . 
  and europe started to unite because of ww1 and ww2 , and because of the soviet threat . 
  now it 's ( slightly ) there again ... 
  this is why i think the world will only unite and achieve world peace ( relatively ) when we find intelligent life outside our world . 
  we always need enemies or rivals , it 's somewhere deep in our nature - unfortunately . 
  and emo 's . 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  what i find hightly disturbing is the fact , that there are people building their political opinions from these propaganda posters . 
  it 's okay bro , it 's okay . 
  i just leave you alone here and everything is alright . 
  no homo 's , no progressive people . 
  only you and the medieval ages ' values . 
  i just hope you are trolling . 
  mein gott , this is sad then . 
  somebody help me and find out if this guy is serious or not . 
  if it 's the end of putin 's idea of a europe , i 'm fine with that . 
  although i know you tried to make a joke . 
  it was a bad one . 
  i 'm glad there is a difference between education and intelligence . 
  i do n't get it . 
  do you find it bad , that a transsexual won the esc ? 
  why does that matter ? 
  what the heck ? 
  sorry for the long text , but i have to split up your `` arguments '' to respond . 
   right , their bombers are outdated does n't matter , they have numbers . 
   and we have actual working anti-aircraft capabilities . 
  what do you mean ? 
  the outdated and few gepard tanks ? 
  or the 2 units of sysfla ? 
   not even the americans would have it easy bombing targets in german airspace . 
  oh , they would . 
  you obviously have no idea how many aircraft the usa has in comparison to our `` actual working aa-capabilities '' or what they are capable of . 
   also we have a lot of tanks in deep storage , a lot . 
  oh , really ? 
  you mean the leopard 2a4 's we sold to greece , turkey , poland , netherlands , canada , norway , chile etc ? 
  these ? 
  or the rest we stored ? 
  how many are they ? 
  what do they do against 15.000 russian tanks ? 
   and russia 's military is underpaid , overstaffed and in serious need of better equipment . 
  compared to other wage classes i think soldiers get some money for russian standards . 
  and you do n't fight harder with more money . 
  not a factor . 
  how do you know ? 
  source for that theory please . 
  `` serious need of better equipment '' ? 
  what do you need to invade a country ? 
  shitton of soldiers and their motivation ? 
  check . 
  lots of weapons ? 
  check .
