  it seems we are not a serious nato member anymore , because we like to think before deploying troops somewhere . 
  polish people should actually understand why we are so careful about military engagement , but that might be just my thought . 
  good image or not : where is the point to bring negativity to these discussions ? 
  uhgh ... 
  the origin of hamburgers comes from hamburger people , who emigrated into the usa . 
  it 's like `` wiener '' . 
  they are named after people from vienna ( wien ) . 
  in germany they are kind of common as fast-food . 
  but bratwurst or pork are way more popular , especially at a barbeque . 
  totally agree . 
  you know , the dutch-german realtionship ... 
  sometimes it 's `` complicated '' . 
  that might be . 
  but it 's anything but normal in german history , especially after wwii . 
  and then the dutch . 
   it ca n't be that hard to figure out if all the ~ ~ germans ~ ~ dutch are doing it , right ? 
  ftfy . 
   in a some countries belarus ? 
  they have beards , though . 
   your you 're . 
  so there is that at least . 
  too much . 
  you can deny 2/3 of the german triangle , but not all , dude . 
  i share your pain , dude . 
  [ dei took er jeerbs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rutnnkhf-eu ), 
  touche . 
  i 'm both curious and afraid . 
  you could tell things that are ruining my peaceful and innocent evening . 
  schwaben are of having m\u00e4ny similiarities with swiss , though . 
  like being slow and gr $ $ dy . 
  warm foam maybe . 
  they fired you ? 
  did you steal some farben ? 
  brit 's are known for having large penises ? 
   can , t afford it . 
  well , that 's a true stereotype then . 
  but you are slow , right ? 
  [ of shuttings up , polan . 
  go back to w\u00f6rk . 
   warm beer that 's ... uhm , yeah . 
  guess that 's how australia was populated . 
   hardworking . 
  you even stole our stereotype ? 
  working hard and liking cars . 
  every state does this basically . 
  bavaria maybe a bit more , because they are in general more focussed on their state . 
  but that does n't mean that bavarians know less about germany than others . 
  first : the states ( bundesl\u00e4nder ) all have different handlings and plans for education . 
  after ww2 the allies were implementing this , so the chance of a possible nationwide propaganda was reduced . 
  second : there are different levels of schools . 
  after you completed your first 4 classes , you ( more your parents with recommendation from the teachers ) decide if you visit a hauptschule , realschule or gymnasium . 
  the higher the level of your school , the more you learn . 
  i was n't . 
  maybe in high-level schools . 
  my schools focussed on wwi and the versaille treaty , wwii and that was it . 
  well , barbarossa is actually from the hre era . 
  and he is one of the most famous ones , that 's why i know him ( barely ) . 
  our monarchy ( except wilhelm i/ii ) is so far away in the timeline that i and many other germans barely know anything about them . 
  the history of wwi and wwii are far more present here . 
  oh , my knowledge is way too limited about that . 
   eh , white/black/brown / blue , these things are just skin color . 
  yes and no . 
  i know that the race ( nasty word ) does not mean anything about the person itself . 
  but culture does . 
  arabs are thinking differently than east asians , european people have a different view on even basic things as south-american people . 
  for me , it 's not about the skin color or race . 
  it 's about the culture and the mindset . 
  i do n't want more mosques and churches in my country . 
  and i do n't want more churches in turkey than mosques . 
  i think it might be harsh for some people , but he is right . 
  yes . 
  because i do n't see him as an criminal . 
  he served us all a really big favor . 
  it 's a shame that nobody is willing to help him . 
  that would be great !, 
  ~ ~ germany ~ ~ europe needs more raum ... 
  friedrich barbarossa i guess . 
  germany did n't have many good monarchs to choose from , though . 
  thank you , i try to . 
  but ignorant and penetrant people make it kind of hard . 
   but the restaurant as an institution has always allowed smoking , by the same token it should continue doing so . 
  no , because i restaurant is primarily for serving food . 
  a pub is a place where food is secondary . 
  primarily a pub is a place where you go for a beer and a few cigarettes/pipe . 
  this is what it was for since the middle ages and even further . 
  if you just want a nice place to sit and maybe eat/drink , there are thousands other places . 
  you have the choice . 
  but no , you want to ruin the flair ( gem\u00fctlichkeit ? ), 
  for everyone , just because you want it . 
  yeah , you get such a vote when there is a massive campaign ( supported by even national madia ) and no counter-campaign . 
  this is a good example to show what you can achieve with populism and a lack of interest of the majority . 
  only 13,9 % , later 37,7 % went to the booth . 
  that 's 1/3 of the population . 
  if 100 % would have voted , the result would be way different . 
   why should pubs be special because it was like that since pubs were created . 
  want to eat something without smoke ? 
  or to other food-serving houses . 
  yeah , was meant as an answer to `` marimr '' . 
   you should n't be forced to deal with cancerous second-hand smoke just to get a job somewhere . 
  nobody is forced to visit a pub .
