  along other things , they often confirmed stereoptypes . 
   what do you mean ? 
  music ? 
  news ? 
  television ? 
  mostly news media , which are biased and shameless ( true in many other countries unfortunately ) . 
   i actually agree , but i think the main factor here is because in russia our equivalent of `` 12 year old cod player banging your mum '' is the `` middleschool dota 2 player '' . 
  you know , i now play multiplayer games for about 12 years in the internet . 
  it might be a misinterpretation on my side , but i think every year it gets worse . 
  to say it straightforward : i am aware of `` good '' russians . 
  i met some crazy , but lovely and very fun russians out there . 
  nevertheless , it seems that every year , more and more russians ( also others ) are `` flooding '' multiplayer games , rendering it way less teamplay oriented and often you 'll see kyrillic chat spam and russians , ilsulting others and refusing to speak english . 
  and i even never played dota or lol . 
  i feel a bit weird talking about games here , since it 's a pretty serious topic . 
  but multiplayer games are a enviroment , where many nationalities are coming together . 
  russians often ( very often ) just seem to be rude , simple and ignorant , while i seriously never had these unfortunate happenings with norwegians , canadians , swiss , spanish or danish people etc. 
  i could be wrong , that i admit . 
  but it 's my experience . 
   ask people how they view british or german tourists . 
  all three have negative reputation in their own ways . 
  i agree , that was a invalid argument on my side . 
  i guess i was/am biased through mass media , reporting `` bad drunken and unpolite '' russians flooding tourist regions . 
  sorry for that . 
  i appreciate the time and effort you put into your answer , and i agree that my words were n't perfectly chosen . 
  but i was told to say what i think , even if it hurts some people . 
  to a certain agree , of course . 
  and yes , i also met some nice russians , but due to my experience and the experience of many people i 've met , these are exceptions . 
  also , i do n't agree with the argument called `` racism '' . 
  russians are not a race ( slavs are ) and calling it racism is neither true nor helpful . 
  you simply ignored that i included exceptions . 
  i 'm talking about russian mentalitiy , not every freaking russian out there . 
   you 're being a cunt acknowledged . 
  have a nice evening . 
  i agree , like i said i know there are exceptions . 
  not really . 
  there is something like a russian mentality . 
  go into a box club in your town . 
  you will see that the majority of the members are either from muslim countries ( turks , kurds etc ) or from russia . 
  look at russian media , culture . 
  most of it is blunt , raw , simple . 
  ask gamers around the world what they think about russian gamers in multiplayer enviroments . 
  ask people how they view russian tourists . 
  ask poles , czechs , estonians what they think about russian culture and politics . 
  this russian mentality is existing , just like a north-european , south-american or middle-eastern mentality . 
  if you call it russian , slavic , east-slavic or whatever . 
  i do n't like generalising either , i know that there are some exceptions , that 's common sense . 
  yeah , but the eu is kind of in there anyways . 
  and that 's not wrong if you ask me . 
  what is ukraine supposed to do without the west ? 
  russia broke international law ( occupation of land ) so we had and we have to do something . 
  leaving ukraine alone would be totally wrong and evil against the people . 
  europe already has obligations to take measures against russia . 
  let 's take the lying campaign from the russian gouvernment a.k.a. 
  `` these are not russian soldiers in crimea '' . 
  or the massive support of the seperatists . 
  or the treatment of human rights . 
  or the massive censorship and media propaganda russia is holding . 
  yeah , the `` invasion '' was a hint at our american fellow . 
  i completely agree with stronger sanctions . 
  which is a disaster for people/a nation . 
  of course it will effect eu policy . 
  but some of us do n't invade a country , just because we think they had something to do with a desaster that just happened . 
  we won 3 wc 's with only one half of germany - how does that not count , it should count twice . 
  yeah , but the polish just did it to piss everyone off . 
  beaten by the french ... 
  this is horrible . 
  nah , i 'm happy with my four wc titles . 
  it 's getting worse . 
  so it will be . 
  you will be grand dragon of ostland , master of chains and keeper of the filthy beast . 
  i 'm glad to hear that . 
  hey , you as a brit know that soon there will be no difference ... 
  soon . 
  uk - only northern country portrayed by brown eyes . 
  got the hint , guys ? 
  i can only imagine him yelling vorsprung durch technik, 
   schweinsteiger is the panzer of the german machine . 
  that literally makes no sense . 
  can i be your panzer tonight ? 
  guess why we give them names impossible to pronounce for foreigners ? 
  i like these jokes . 
  do i have to gas jews now , or what ? 
  since when is the f-35 a pure air superiority jet ? 
  just like your russian tv i guess . 
   israeli-russian relations are very good . 
  two surpressive , extremist gouvernments with fanatic people with too many weapons - for me it fits perfectly . 
  [ insert random eu dictatorship joke ], 
  yeah , and drilling for `` things '' . 
  unfortunately germany is n't the only country you guys have a habit invading with . 
  hey , what has germany done to y ... 
  uh , nevermind . 
  imho the brazilian team clearly deserved the 7-1 . 
  but the people did n't . 
  as a german , i know how painful it is to get kicked out on the last step to the final in your own country . 
  but this was not a regular loss for brazil . 
  this was an earth quake , a humiliation never seen before . 
  i 'm sorry for all those brasilian people , but not for the team . 
  yeah , next huge victory on sunday . 
  do n't you dare . 
  remember that huge debate in poland about taking the polish passport away from lukas podolski after he scored in 2006/2008 ?
