  just sounded like `` poor ukraine did n't accept the annexation yet '' . 
  blame the soviets . 
  so that makes it what ? 
  better ? 
  worse ? 
   since ukraine considers crimea their occupied territory , you probably meant `` the entire world except for russia , north korea and some unimportant shitholes '' . 
  you talk as if i personally went through france . 
  i 'm giving you the reason why germany went through neutral countries . 
  after france declared war in 1939 , there was no other way than through belgium . 
  but if you refuse to get behind stuff like facts and reasons , you might wan na keep your history channel knowledge and use it in the youtube comment section . 
  germany invaded belgium and france because there was no other way to win a two-front-war . 
   germany lost 2 worldwars about conquering europe yeah , because `` germany started ww1 to conquer europe '' ... 
  did i destroy anything ? 
  why should i pay ? 
  justice ? 
  how about we go back to 1918 and nullify the treaty of versailles , which caused ww2 ? 
  especially you poles were very , very eager to mark germany as the agressor of ww1 , which every half-educated pal should know , is bs . 
  and annoyed be polish people playing the victim card again . 
  try . 
  i 'm a german salesman . 
  i sell mirinda pretty well actually . 
  i 'd say it 's a second-grade brand like 7up or dr. pepper . 
   without the europeans what are you ? 
  this time without italy . 
  it 's so unfortunate that this cunt and his borther painted my picture of political poland over years . 
  was waiting for the gif . 
  waited like 30 seconds . 
  [ then i realised i have been fooled . 
  i 'm astonished you did n't trigger any poles with that one . 
  except for the falklands war , what wars have you guys won in the last 200 years ? 
  ... he said in english . 
  no , i never do . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/memeeconomy/comments/6m2buy/political_memes_on_the_rise_huge_potential_for/ ), 
  i once applied ( with 2 others ) for the position of klassensprecher ( class spokesman ) . 
  got one vote . 
  from the ugly girl behind me who was in love with me . 
  about five years later in buiseness school i jinxed it again . 
  won by a 21/24 majority . 
  sometimes a coup takes time . 
  serb checking in . 
  i 'd do the same with every country , if the locals want to gouvern themselves . 
  you ca n't just claim an island and everybody on it , when that island is n't even remotely near your country . 
  you forgot to mention that it 's located between australia and africa . 
  typical uk property . 
  [ berlin conference ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/berlin_conference ), 
  seems like you are really upset about something . 
  i do n't share your black/white thinking , and in your state it does n't make any sense to further discuss it . 
  have a nice day . 
   every country under russia geopolitica influence was/is far worse than those under us . 
  that applies to capitalism  communism , not usa  russia  and it 's ironic that germans , above all , seems to forgot how it was . 
  we also did n't forget what it means to demonize a country/people just because `` they are evil '' . 
  both are playing all their cards to remain in power . 
  both satisfy a specific kind of voters , mostly low-income folks . 
  and they do politics that 's appeasing them . 
  do n't do the mistake and mark russia as `` evil '' just `` because '' . 
  causality , everything has a reason . 
  so do the problems of 1914 and 1884 . 
   they do have vast economical power they have zero economical power . 
  if anything , some of them have temporarily financial power . 
  but only until the west is n't depending on their oil anymore . 
  that 's some edgy shit right there . 
  like ... 
  the holocaust was n't that bad , they could 've killed 10 million jews even !, 
  us influence ist - in general - still mostly viewd positively . 
  people who have the slightest idea about politics still apreaciate us actions in and around germany , like the berlin airlift , support and protection against communism , the marshall plan , support for reunification etc. 
  although many of these actions were in self-interest of the us . 
  additionally , everybody enjoys coke and hollywood movies , cultural influence is just as big here as anywhere else . 
  but many people ( including me ) always had a suspicious feeling about the us , that only found it 's peak in 2003 's invasion of iraq . 
  you could ask 100 germans which ally they 'd choose if only russla and the us were there , and 9/10 would say us in a heartbeat . 
  that changed with the election of trump , now it might be somewhere around 6/10 < - personal estimation . 
  true . 
  to get the `` truthest '' informations , read as many sources as possible . 
  i 'm just annnoyed by `` it 's all done by media ! '', 
  folks . 
   yeah media is a strong tool , given the demonization of russia/turkey in europe and how people are asking for obliteration of these countries , you are definitely right . 
  that 's not exactly what i meant . 
  i do think erdogan and putin fucked up by themselves . 
  do n't blame the media here . 
  according to current polls , not many , no . 
  but before every war , there is massive use of propaganda ( good and bad ) to get people convinced . 
  the purpose of these battle groups is not to hold back russian invaders . 
  it 's to calm the eastern nato members + make russia think twice befoe touching the baltics . 
  an invasion ( even hybrid ) would mean a casus belli for nato . 
  why not ? 
   then , at the airport , the germans employed regular policemen , some who had never shot a gun , to use the sniper rifles and take out the terrorists . 
  nevermind that operation feuerzauber was gsg9 's first mission and was a complete success . 
  the thing with the live broadcast was the medias fault . 
  since these events the media and police have a unspoken agreement on how to handle things like this . 
   this case of german-governmental incompetance led to the deaths of a lot of people . 
  then israel was the one who used brutal efficiency to exact revenge . 
  as with every other country , without any exception . 
  not defending my country , just getting some facts straight . 
  people might me lauching , but that thing is super fast and perfect as a recon vehicle / atgm carrier . 
  i got it !, 
  do you mind naming your cases ? 
  yeah , bush 's paints are kinda odd . 
  quote from breitbart ? 
  i 'm thrilled for your arguments . 
  til history began 1914 . 
  uss freedom always makes me laugh .
