  ach nein , i was just about to ask about her . 
  about the language : it will be easier for you to learn a germanic language ( german , danish , dutch etc. ), 
  then learning a romance language . 
  also i 'd say you move to a country where most of the people are capable of speaking english , which excludes my country . 
  denmark , sweden or the netherlands have a high ratio of english speakers . 
  not sure how the need for violin teachers is there tough . 
  guess you will find a job more likely in poland , czech rep. or austria . 
  i 'm not trying to convince you to go to my country ( germany ) . 
  barely anyone is able to hold a fluent conversation in english . 
  just came into my mind right now : why not ireland ? 
  it 's part of the eu , the eurozone and indepenent from the uk . 
  also they speak english there . 
  yeah , exactly . 
  wait , what ? 
  these goddamn luxemburgians . 
  same here , it 's horrible since 1-2 weeks . 
  isp is deutsche telekom, 
  bild is the german `` sun '' `` news '' paper . 
  so ... yeah . 
  i do n't think that either west or east european are `` prettier '' . 
  it 's down to preference . 
  i just wanted to say that i do n't prefer east european women and i never heard about a majority here doing so . 
  sorry , but i think the exact opposite . 
  i never heard that west europeans find east europeans prettier . 
  lol @ france, 
  first : if you think germany is the only nation that wants to keep their economy , you would be naive . 
  second : it 's not a game . 
  every action ( especially sanctions ) will lead to a counter-action . 
  you seem to forget who 's in charge in the kremlin . 
  germany is the nation ( in the western world ) with the best relationship to russia . 
  keeping the history in mind , the german gouverment tries to achieve a political solution and no `` game of punishment '' which might lead to an escalation . 
  nice video , must have been alot of work !, 
  okay . 
  now to the `` dictatorship '' proof ? 
  i do n't know what that is , but my response was sarcastic . 
  germans = no homour . 
  is this supposed to be a joke ? 
  because it 's clearly not funny . 
  sorry , but germans are talking here . 
  you do n't understand . 
  i 'm gon na call the bundespr\u00fcfstelle f\u00fcr zertifikationsma\u00dfnahmen , they should know what to do . 
  i do n't feel anything . 
  you ? 
  godwin 's law at it 's best , paired with a `` your grandparents probably voted literally hitler , so your argument is invalid '' statement . 
  nice . 
  instead of just downvoting me , please explain it and give me a proof about that dictatorship . 
  because without that , your words are just hot air . 
   wow , you ca n't be serious . 
  anything wrong with it ? 
  please explain what . 
  according to that logic , the uk still is to blame , because they literally created the modern israel . 
  that 's good to hear . 
   i can also guarantee you that millions of other europeans feel the same . 
  and i can guarantee you that the vast majority of europeans do n't share your opinion about a `` economic dictatorship '' and the fourth reich . 
  give me some examples of modern german dictatorship if you can . 
  but somehow they do n't drown as the uk would , as some people believe . 
  you argue like you 're a 12 year old who just read some `` the sun '' articles . 
  not gon na spend my sunday with that , sorry . 
  excuse me , i have to prepare for the euromonies-invasion of das neue lebensraum . 
  when it comes to colonies , that would be true . 
  not saying germany did n't commit crimes - they did like every other colonial power - but the uk plays in a different league when it comes to plundering and fucking up countries . 
  the last time you guys went full hoorah is n't even that long ago . 
  thing is , you act like your country was somewhat more peaceful than mine , which is total bs . 
  you do n't conquer yourself a worldwide empire by being nice and friendly . 
  but hey ... mentioning the holocaust = instant argument win for brits . 
  did i say germany was always peaceful ? 
  please direct me to where i said that . 
  wow , okay then . 
  sorry , the `` you '' was meant as `` you muricans '' . 
  a people that seriously considers people like palin and trump as presidential candidates should get what it wants . 
  so your countrymen did n't kill my countrymen then ? 
  or is germany generally to blame for both world wars ? 
  because since ww1 was started by austria-hungary and spiraled up by a net of alliances , ww2 was a direct causality of ww1 and the shameful treaty of versailles , and the uk declared war on germany , not the other way around - ergh , nevermind . 
  historical facts might not be your thingy , let 's just stick to your level of arguing : we won the world cup 4 times and 1966 was a giant shame for football , your only title is cheated . 
  and the beatles suck . 
  always did . 
  you 'll do that anyways i guess . 
  the moment when you realise that macedonia can take more refugees than the uk . 
  housing crisis ... aha . 
  yeah , how unselfish and gallant from `` you '' , this is also why the uk is worldwide known as a peaceful little country , which only fights `` neccessary '' wars to `` free '' countries from tyranny . 
  to be honest , if any country should pay more aid then others to fucked up post-colonial countries like syria , then yours . 
  you ca n't ? 
  okay , let bulgaria handle them then , because england ca n't . 
  but that means that einstein was american ? 
  `` beethoven was austrian '' discussion in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
  ^ i feel the need to apologise for this guy . 
  wrong part of the internet buddy , hope you find your way back to the youtube comment section . 
  well , when i take a look at the utterly ridicilous politics of the csu in the bundestag from questionable politicans like ilse aigner and horst seehofer , i do n't think there is a lack of bavarian identity . 
  not sure if you 're sarcastic as hell or serious . 
  true that . 
  thanks a lot , england !, 
  you 've created a monster !, 
  and this time it 's not even about australia . 
  yeah , but facebook is the internet 's second idiot-magnet , just behind the youtube comment section . 
  yeah , i do n't think we have a lack of german identity . 
  i mean ... 
  ask the belgiums how much they 've got . 
  uuuh , right in the jewels . 
  yeah , just would like to know what money he means . 
  so what do you mean by `` easy to share '' ?
