  the us-stereotypes do n't spread only because of the english language . 
  you guys are spreading your culture and therefor your stereotypes around the world . 
  agreed . 
  where do you live ? 
  dutch is basically a mix between german and english . 
  and some words of unknown source . 
  guess another reason is that germany is your only neighbor with a foreign language . 
  good thing about the difficulty of our language is that you can tell immediatly if a person is smart or not in most cases . 
  you can even use it as a sort of hidden language , talking about a guy standing next to you and he does n't know what 's going on . 
  yes , when the combined words would be confusing . 
  but you do n't have to , it 's not a `` must-do '' rule . 
  * valid - invalid ... . a word and it 's counterpart , marked by the `` in '' . 
  * flammable - inflammable ... . means literally the same . 
  this is what i do n't get . 
  often we translate the word and use the translated word 's gender . 
  yeah , i bet . 
  and btw , english is a beautiful language to learn and speak . 
  it has it 's flaws , words like squirrel . 
  oh god i hate this word . 
  as a german , i 'm kind of glad that nobody is forced to speak german . 
  if you know what i mean . 
  what do you mean ? 
  there are more germans who learn to speak dutch than dutch people learning german ? 
  would destroy the key reason/foundation of the european community . 
  like i said previously , i do n't want to defend putin in any way . 
  i just say there is alot of biased media influence against russia going on . 
  talking about the population , not the goverment of germany . 
  it might be one reason why brits seem to be non-critic about u.s. policies . 
  for hunters they are . 
  you have to get a license for them anyway . 
   the sudeten situation and crimean situations are way too similar to just brush them off . 
  i told you the only similarity between those . 
  there is nothing more . 
  @eurasia etc. 
  : it 's simply a counter-strategy to answer to the eu/nato aggressions . 
  keep in mind that russia offered a eu-like nationblack from lisbon to vladivostok . 
  the eu refused . 
  keep in mind that russia offered a shared defend-policy with the nato . 
  the nato refused . 
  and expanded to the russian border . 
  russia has the same problem as germany in 1914 and 1939 : they feel surrounded and paranoid ( i can understand that when i look at the map ) . 
  and since ukraine came closer and closer to eu/nato , russia had to react . 
  it 's that simple . 
  they are just defending their national interests like everyone else . 
  no , but it seems whenever something like this happens , it 's mostly in the u.s. 
  the gun laws are supporting this issue . 
  i just explained why i do n't think this is a valid argument . 
   it 's obvious , he wants to prove he can bribe germany into staying into it 's pocket even when it 's blatantly ** against the interest of the entire eu . 
  ** btw : that 's not true . 
  please look the [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/tb/249829 ) map . 
  it shows the view of sanctioning russia in europe . 
  east europe obviously wants to sanction russia to hell , where others ( especially the south ) does n't . 
  germany is in the middle of the spectrum . 
  please use valid facts . 
  did n't take too long until goodwins law strikes again . 
  i 'm not willing to get into a discussion about the start of ww2 - but i just want to point out , that ww2 only happened because of the treaty or versailles . 
  hitler wanted to have the german territory of danzig back , and the poles refused . 
  this led hitler to attack poland , then the allies declared war on germany . 
  my point is : these are two different , very complex situations . 
  the only similarity is that a country annexes a territory where the majority of people are `` bound '' or `` linked '' to the agressor 's nation . 
  this happened too often in history to make it a good argument for the crimean annexation . 
  okay , got it now . 
  putin had a term limit , but he bypassed it by making medvedev be the president for one term . 
  officially there was nothing wrong with it . 
  i agree with your discription of puton as an ruthless autocrat . 
  but the thing is : putin was elected and he represents the russian population . 
  matter of fact : the majority of the russian population wanted to have the crimean penensula back . 
  although russias approach was illegal and wrong , and this case will be handled in the future and hopefully without politican/military interventions by any side . 
  it 's a question only for ukrainians/crimerians . 
  what i do not agree with , is the biased media appearance of russia as the `` bad nation '' who just wants to expand and the west has a white vest . 
  western intelligence agancies are also getting rid of `` key persons '' . 
  bradley manning will sit in a jail forever , because he helped to deliver the truth to the people . 
  snowden is in the same situation . 
  and these are only the two most popular whistle blowers . 
  nobody says russia is n't involved with the shit going on there . 
  but that does n't mean that putins goal is to annex east europe bit by bit . 
  he simply ca n't and he knows it . 
  no , this guy has the flag of berlin , not austria . 
  to clarify the second argument : i also feel safer with the presence of americans than russians . 
  but that is n't a reason to call putin a ruthless dictator and refuse to acknowledge the bullshit the u.s. is doing with foreign policy . 
  you simply ignore the fact that putin is doing this kind of shit for the inner politics . 
  especially you should know , that there is a shitton of soviet-nostalgics ( the majority of russia ) in east europe . 
  he has to to this . 
  everybody knows that putin wo n't attack a nato member without being forced too . 
  ( by sanctions ? 
  kinda reminds me of japan in ww2 ) . 
  do n't think putin is just a aggressive guy who wants to claim as much territory as he wants . 
  everything has it 's reasons . 
  stop thinking in black/white or bad russians/good americans . 
   you have never been under the russian boot so you could never understand . 
  just saying : you are talking to a guy from berlin . 
  but yeah , switch `` leaders with balls but without clue '' for `` leaders with clue but without balls '' . 
  sounds just like the perfect strategy for dealing with russians . 
  i hope you feel safer now that you have a handful americans there . 
  answer instead of a downvote , please . 
  could you please explain what the fuck you mean by your statement ? 
  i 'm sorry if i have hurt your feelings . 
  i know you guys have a faible for the usa , because they are basically the only reason why your country still exists . 
   the current president has not even made an attempt to plead that crowd and he won two elections decisively . 
  oh , really ?
