  kinda obvious . 
  norwegian and danish buddies . 
  everybody up there seems to hate sweden . 
  norwegians are still angry about that . 
  wtf did i just read ? 
  simply use the res to filter it . 
  of shuttings up , merica . 
  respect our authoritah . 
  maybe the chinese had them back then !, 
  you do n't know . 
  they still live in the medival age . 
  that is probably the single most ugly flag i 've ever seen . 
  and of course the [ flag of antwerp ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/10/flag_of_antwerp.svg ), 
  i personally do n't care if people are called facists , terrorists , recist , anti-semitist or whatever . 
  they are extremists and should simply be removed . 
  just send them back where they were coming from . 
  immigrats who behave civilised and adopt to our way of life are welcome to stay . 
  but these guys are a ticking time bomb . 
  this subreddit also is about whatever is happening in europe right now . 
  and since the ukrainian crisis is a big topic for all europeans , it 's totally legit to discuss it . 
  russia is a threat because it is falling apart . 
  putin knows this , and his actions over the last 6 months brought him popularity . 
   gchq working `` for '' the nsa ? 
  what are you smoking chappy ? 
  the five eyes work together because we have a track record of about a century of not going batshit insane . 
  gchq working for the nsa does not mean that the nsa does n't work for the gchq . 
  you just read my sentence and turned it into somethuing completely different . 
  five eyes or not , the gchq is working with ( and therefore also for ) the nsa , means : giving them valueable informations , while breaking everyones privacy . 
   as i said , if you do n't think german spies are spying on everyone they can you 're naive . 
  i 'm pretty sure that everybody spies on everyone . 
  the difference is : we do n't spy on millions on british people to give the infos to the nsa . 
  that 's what the gchq is doing . 
   ah so is this just going to turn into you having an anti-british circlejerk ? 
  no , just a `` i do n't want my national military lead by different country . 
  either germany coltrols it or the eu . 
  giving the lead over our military to the uk just to make them stay in the eu ( which is the topic here btw ) is just utter bullcrap . 
   well , we 're one of the only two nations providing a credible defence to the union [ ... ] now who is naive ? 
  or do you need to believe that to feel better about your country ? 
  now , the uk and france have the more capable militaries in the eu , but that would change as soon as a ( serious ) war breaks out . 
  germany , poland and other countries would build up their militaries pretty fast . 
  trying to not bash the uk here , since i like the uk , but you ca n't even produce the shells of your own tanks . 
  you ca n't even build reliable rifles anymore but have to send them to heckler & koch get them fixed . 
   the fact that you do n't know that is making me suspicious of the value of anything else you say . 
   absolutely . 
  the bundeswehr , just like the un , does a very large amount of nothing . 
   the german population are no doubt much better than that , of a higher quality you might say ? 
   oh blah blah blah [ ... ]  how do you even manage to make a bowl of cereal in the morning ? 
  it 's unfortunate , but it seems you have an anger management problem here . 
  all i said was `` i do n't want my military to be controlled by the uk '' and that made you so pissed ? 
  now you react like a 12 year old who 's mad because somebody insulted his mom . 
  i let you know that i 'm not willing to spend anymore time with you discussing in such a way , because it leads to nothing and is a waste of time/energy . 
  have a good day anyways . 
   you think the bundeswehr is n't under us political influence ? 
  at least not enough to drag it into conflicts like iraq , libya . 
  the bundeswehr is far more aligned to the un , as to the us . 
  and a bundeswehr hq in britain would make a swift to the us . 
  there is a handful of reasony why i do n't want britain have influence on a unified european military . 
  gchq working for the nsa/cia , british intelligence spying on eu officials , people apparently tend to be too much influenced by populistic parties etc. 
  britain ca n't just sit in it 's corner , refusing to play by eu rules , only want 's eu 's advantages without taking more responsibility and then get the command over the unified eu military just as a payoff . 
  i would like the uk to stay in the eu , simply because it belongs to it just as spain , belgium or sweden . 
  but if the uk gouvernment is constantly moaning about gypsies without bringing concrete solutions , weakening the eu by stalling negotiations and supporting the us at things like ttip , there is no way we pay the uk to stay . 
  this is just absurd . 
  because the british gouvernment is heavily influenced by the u.s. gouvernment . 
  one could say that britain is a puppy , but that may be a bit over the top . 
  nevertheless , i 'd refuse to accept a german bundeswehr under u.s. political infuence . 
   put it in charge of the development of unified european defense . 
  are you serious ? 
  yes . 
  my experience with russians is that they have a completely different mindset as others . 
  very weak culture of discussion and arguments , most of them stick to the `` good '' old `` if i 'm stronger , i 'm right '' attitude . 
  they are usually more agressive than let 's say polish/baltic people ( join a box club . 
  you 'll either see arabs or russians ) , and many russians are thinking `` simple '' ( careful words here ) . 
  there is a reason why the russian elite started to settle somewhere else than in russia itself . 
  rich russians send their children to western schools etc. 
  now i know that the ( somewhat ) biased media has influence here . 
  but through the internet i have contact to many different nationalities . 
  and 95 % of my encounters with russians were/are mostly negative . 
  i do n't have that with norwegians , dutch , canadian , chilenian or japanese people etc. 
  there are exceptions , though . 
  but they remain exceptions . 
  no , mallorca is the place where we send our lower-class workers and mentally questionable people to . 
  just like the brits did with australia . 
  they are barely a match for us these days . 
  nah , austria is germany 's 17th state , not a neighboor . 
  german here . 
  * favorite : netherlands . 
  since i like the british culture and the netherlands are basically a german-british-something hybrid , that 's an easy pick . 
  i like their open minds and it 's always fun again to have that bicycles/football fight with them . 
  * least favorite : well , i 'm afraid i do n't have a clear answer here . 
  we are surrounded by friends . 
  sounds kinda gay , but we do n't have annoying/mean neighboors . 
  i do n't like russia , not because of the recent political events ( usa did worse ) but because of the russian people ( generalising , granted ) and their attitude towards everything . 
  but if i had to pick a true neighboor : switzerland . 
  sorry guys , but you keep getting more and more reserved against everything . 
  also half your country speaks french . 
  then dig your own holes !, 
  since we used dutch bicycles to make bullets , i 'm pretty sure that his bike and your grandpa are at the same place . 
  that 's the nasty part of reddit . 
  it 's one step left to senseless insult orgies . 
  oh , you 're right .
