it happened after the scottish vote ... 
  they 're basically getting a load of extra powers and more control of their own funding . 
  i mean , they 've always had their own legal system , but it 's just created a really unequal and undemocratic system . 
  scotland has ( since 1999 ) its own parliament , with its own government , who control a hefty portion of the uk budget . 
  far more than the equivalent given to wales and northern ireland ( accounting for population ) . 
  meanwhile , england has no government of its own , and basically non-existent regional representation . 
  it 's a completely unbalanced system , and is n't sustainable in the long term . 
  the illogical unfairness of it all is so ludicrous you 's struggle to make it up . 
  if spain allows the catalonians special treatment and partial autonomy , all they 'll get is a march towards inevitable independence , and a lot of resent from the other provincial regions of spain . 
  the us has kept itself strong through strict federalism ; every state has the same powers , structures , and representation in the senate . 
  if spain wants to remain one sovereign state , then embracing the desire for self-governance is the only way to do it ; national decentralisation . 
  it 's the 21st century - all-powerful central governments should n't be necessary in this day-and-age . 
  keep the qu\u00e9becois quiet ... 
  there 's also the fact that those batteries take a ridiculous amount of co2 to produce . 
  and most electricity is still made with coal/gas ... 
  they 're not as economical as they 're made out to be . 
  getting a fully electric car really is n't the sensible option for most people at the moment . 
  in a few years i can see myself getting one of these mid-size german hybrids second hand as long as it 's not too much more than the petrol equivalent . 
  unless the range and recharging speed * really * improves and stays a decent price , i 'm not sure i 'll be happy to invest that much in an electric-only vehicle . 
  if i were made of money , i 'd have a little electric two-seater for going short distances , and something like an a4 or a bmw 3 series for a roads and motorways . 
  thing is , i , like most other people , need a car that 's reliable and will suit all situations . 
  electric cars really are n't fitting the bill at the moment . 
  we already have them ... and some great hybrids . 
  the audi a3 e-tron and the golf gte are excellent cars ; hybrids without the ` space shuttle ' look . 
  just look like ordinary cars . 
  but they do over 80 mpg ( uk gallon ) . 
  the price is just a bit much for some people though . 
  the 1.4 a3 is about 30 % less and drives better than the e-tron equivalent . 
  you would have to drive some serious distances to make up the difference in fuel costs . 
  people do n't keep cars as long as they used to . 
  give it a few years though . 
  i bet there 'll be an ev vs sensibly-priced hybrid advertising war . 
  the eu is not a federation quite yet . 
  it relies on sovereign nations adhering to treaties . 
  the eu 's future depends on at least giving the impression of respecting each nation 's wishes and political mandate . 
  as has been said above , the same distinction exists in english . 
  ` smiths ' are for general metalwork , but people who just do horseshoes are ` farriers ' . 
  must have been adopted from french , as that was the language of the nobility a few centuries back . 
  yep !, 
  we have a few of these that come from old norman . 
  ` archer ' and ` fletcher ' , for example . 
  ` arc ' means ` arc ' or ` bow ' in french . 
  so it 's literally a ` bow-user ' . 
  ` fl\u00e8che ' is french for ` arrow ' . 
  fletchers make arrows . 
  so somehow english ended up with the french word for the trade , but an old norse word for the object itself . 
  such a mongrel language !, 
  not op , but it 's neither of those , really ... fav-re , but the ` r ' in french is quite distinct . 
  it comes from the throat - the ` r ' bit is made with the tongue at the back of the mouth , not with the teeth on the front of the mouth as in english . 
  the ` e ' bit is like a faint aspirated sound . 
  like a very weak ` schwa ' in english . 
  favre is a very hard word to say as a non-native speaker . 
  not sure the french appreciate how subtle a sound it is to reproduce . 
  french can have some very unforgiving phonemes sometimes ... 
  i 'm a native speaker , and i 've never heard it in my life ... 
  i thought it was a mistype of bias . 
  not wholly ... do you not remember the dieudonn\u00e9 affair ? 
  exact same thoughts !, 
  for the same reason , i also love geneva . 
  major city with lots happening , but walking down the street does n't give me anxiety . 
  so much green space as well in vienna !, 
  a walk through oxford circus or camden , even in off-peak season , is enough to give you agoraphobia ... 
  agreed , i love that city !, 
  prefer it to paris and berlin . 
  almost the same . 
  depends on region/state . 
  vienna 's very rich . 
  not for europeans , obviously , but for asian refugees they might as well be the same place in terms of culture/language/food etc. . . 
  it 'll be to do with getting work permits , as well as a bit of herd mentality . 
  you 'll be fine !, 
  i did erasmus a couple of years ago , and had to go from britain to france . 
  we do n't just have passport control , we have x-ray machines etc. . . 
  your right to study has n't changed , they just want to check you 're allowed to be there . 
  and monaco plays in the french league !, 
  but ` britain ' in english * means * the united kingdom . 
  it 's an accepted shorthand used by all the media and politicians . 
  it 's just a national identity thing . 
  the whole world accepts that a lot of the british do n't primarily feel a national solidarity with their passport . 
  it 's seen as a political union that functions as a country . 
  other european countries worked for centuries to stamp out sub-nationalism . 
  the uk did n't . 
  the catalans were never fully assimilated . 
  if we accept it for britain , there 's no good reason to not accept it for other european states . 
  if there 's this much support for an independent catalan , then they should be allowed to vote on it . 
  i 'd entirely agree with you , if there were n't multiple ` political ' aspects to the union which have little to do with ` the market ' . 
  the european arrest warrant and the laws on the prevention of human trafficking . 
  there 's also the requirement that all be signed up to and adhere to the echr , and the numerous rules establishing workers ' rights . 
  nothing to do with ` the market ' , all to do with politics in the name of bringing about stability . 
  stability , as a byproduct , creates the conditions for a solid common market . 
  few things say ` instability ' more than a migrant crisis ... 
  we can force britain to begrudgingly adopt the metric system , prop up france 's outdated agricultural industry , and agree on the standard size and shape of a banana , but when the shit * really * hits the fan , all that collaboration and infrastructure counts for next to nothing . 
  this scenario is * exactly * what the union should be about ; tackling cross-border crises in the most mutually beneficial way possible !, 
  this has been one of the eu 's bigger tests to date , and so far it 's scoring quite abysmally ... 
  especially if we want to see them piss on each other !, 
  we have no choice but to import that ... 
  there are n't that many people willing to move to a different country and learn a whole new language . 
  people have homes and families - it 's enough to hold the majority of people in place . 
  sounds about right , except for us they 'd be ploughing !, 
   ( i actually have a couple of polish friends , and i 've been invited to krakow next year !, 
  hope i can go , it looks beautiful ... ),
