  and that 's why theresa may has said what she 's said ; these powers had to be repealed because they were declared incompatible with human rights legislation . 
  ( worth noting that in the uk , judges ca n't strike down acts of parliament : the law has to be repealed . 
  and there are some laws that have been declared incompatible with human rights legislation , but the government has ignored the courts . 
  we do n't give prisoners the right to vote in elections . ), 
  not completely true : under the public order act 1986 , you can be arrested for using ` threatening or abusive ' words in public . 
  this is a case of the police not believing the what they 're saying would stand up in court as ` threatening or abusive ' language . 
  i 'd they 're wrong , the police can get slapped with a discrimination lawsuit and a lot of bad press . 
  you can also be prosecuted for using ` insulting or threatening ' language , but that has to be directed towards a specific individual/individuals , and that person has to believe that * immediate * violence will be used against them . 
  ( maybe this should be changed to include future acts of violence ? ), 
  other than that , you 're right - you need direct ` provocation of violence ' ( also in the public order act ) . 
  or workmen falling off roofs ... european legislation says they 're supposed to have scaffolding ( came in as the working at height regulations ) , but a lot of builders and roofers will ignore the rules and just go up on the roof . 
  he 's basically france 's tony blair ... 
  i 'm not sure what you think he 's going to do that 's radically new . 
  the uk 's body of employment law is pretty heavily regulated !, 
  mainly because of eu legislation ... 
  in fact , a massive chunk of our employment relationships are governed by what is effectively french and german legislation - and not just the rules , but the legal reasoning and principles . 
  we 're not in the same league as france , but we have strong maternity and paternity rights , good redundancy rights , 39 weeks ' paid maternity leave , with 52 weeks of available leave ( with job protection ) ... 
  thanks to eu law , we now even offer compensation ( similar to severance ) to self-employed commercial agents . 
  the only people who get screwed over a bit are agency workers . 
  what part of uk employment law do you think is a deregulated ` wild west ' ? 
  failed attack in scotland a few years ago , and there was the lockerbie bombing in ' 96 . 
  when we talk about international events like this , it makes no sense to pick out bits of states , rather than the whole nation-state . 
  the uk is the political entity that is the equivalent of france and germany , not ` england ' . 
  there is n't even an english government . 
  we 're hard to match up because we have two stages of secondary education - at 16 and 18 . 
  and only half of over 16s go on to do a levels ... 
  ` higher education ' in british english means university . 
  we do n't usually say ` high school ' - the catch all is ` senior school ' or ` secondary school ' , although ( confusingly ) some of those are called ` high schools ' . 
  we have two stages of secondary education , with a variety of different qualification levels , which confuses matters ... baccalaureate would be ` secondary education ' . 
  ah , i 'm with you !, 
  i was thinking ` the state ' ( i.e. 
  government intelligence ) might get 30 mins . 
  you 're on about the man in the street getting a notification , or seeing it on the news . 
  agreed - would probably be less than 10 mins . 
  however , i do n't think i 'd die in an initial nuclear strike . 
  not straight away , at least ... 
  unless the aim were to obliterate the whole of gb , i do n't see why my area would be targeted . 
  nearest city i can envisage being targeted is manchester . 
  so anything under about 30mt , and i 'd probably survive . 
  unless the mo were dozens of tactical nukes . 
  then i 'd be in trouble , and i 'd likely get radiation poisoning ; i think i 'd rather go out instantly than suffer like that :( in the round , i think nuclear war is a generally bad idea !, 
  it 'd be about 20 mins from russia to the uk - / u/hawkuk was talking about a missile launch from ` across the globe ' , so 30 mins is about right . 
  but yes , for central europe , you 're looking at under 10 mins . 
  not really - the big ttip agreement was going to implement a system of ` mutual recognition ' . 
  the us and canada were going to be able to retain their own regulatory systems for products as long as they met minimum standards . 
  we would recognise their , they would recognise ours . 
  i mean , even the uk has been stubborn as hell when it comes to adopting standards ; we often have opt-outs and separate annexes to regs so we can keep our old imperial standards or testing methods . 
  and we 're only a country of 65 mil . 
  there 's no chance in hell the us would be willing to give up its own ngos and regulatory bodies , or industry standard manufacturing processes , for the sake of a trade agreement . 
  they have the leverage because of their size and wealth . 
  so yes , the eu * is * fairly protectionist , but it 's already shown it 's willing to compromise massively for the sake of efficacy and money . 
  which will likely mean us * liberalising * our markets in the long run . 
  the eu is quite protectionist !, 
  say goodbye to stringent safety regs !, 
  we 'll have to take some fairly questionable trade deals if we 're going to keep our nose above the financial waters . 
  it 'll be fun !, 
  ` will this cheap chinese knock-off phone blow up in my hand ? 
  will these pills put me in a coma ? 
  - let 's find out ! ', 
  - the youtube potential is outstanding !, 
  well , that 'd curb a lot of the momentum in the scottish nationalist effort !, 
  ca n't really secede if you 'd have nothing to export ... 
  valid eu id card is fine as well - but yes , there are border checks . 
  * technically * you do n't need any id to go between ireland and the uk if you 're a british or irish national . 
  you could take a sailing boat between gb and ireland ( or cross at the ni border ) and you would n't need id . 
  but they routinely check if you 're arriving by air , so you pretty much do need one . 
  although a driving licence would suffice . 
  ( ryanair asks for passports regardless , it 's all a bit complicated ... ) https://www.gov.uk/foreign-travel-advice/ireland/entry-requirements, 
  yep !, 
  and it was often in french . 
  ` learn french ' , they said to me , ` it 's the language of diplomacy ! ', 
  i suppose it 's handy for eurovision ... 
  not against half the world it does n't ... 
  though before it got to that , there 'd likely be a putsch within the us , and a new administration would negotiate a ceasefire with boat-load of reparations . 
  a full out war between the commonwealth and the us would destroy the global economy, 
  there are only 16 commonwealth realm ( i.e. 
  places with the queen as head of state ) . 
  the commonwealth of nations , however , is like 1/5 of the world 's countries . 
  fun fact !, 
  all commonwealth citizens can vote in the uk in elections , and stand for a seat in parliament . 
  we could have a ugandan pm , but not a french one ... 
  apologies , i was only referring to syrian refugees , as that 's what 's mostly been in the news and it was on my mind . 
  for syrians , the system prioritises families with women and children , or those who have medical issues . 
  but you 're right , the figure above was for * all * refugees , and i should have put 2 and 2 together . 
  obviously an equality quota recruitment ... 
  true , and having met some of them , i am glad we have taken them . 
  we 've mainly taken families , with fairly educated parents . 
  99 % of them are just normal people who want to get on in life . 
  and we have absolutely zero evidence that this attack was perpetrated by a refugee . 
  in fact , it 's entirely possible that this was done by a british citizen of either asian or african descent . 
  the bloke who rammed his car into the palace of westminster a few weeks ago was black , and had been here from birth . 
  he was given a nigerian surname by his mother ( presume he was of nigerian descent ) , and he than changed it to an arabic-derived one later in life when he converted to islam . 
  oh , and the men who killed drummer lee rigby a few years ago were * also * british nationals , of nigerian parentage . 
  they were brought up christian and converted !, 
  one of them served time in prison , where he converted , and masood ( car rammer in london ) is also thought to have found islam in prison . 
  see a pattern ? 
  maybe banning ( potentially ) muslim refugees is just going to provide fuel for the fire - it provides the ammunition for proselytisers to convince the impressionable and vulnerable that the state is against them , and that there 's an actual ` conflict ' that they can be part of and provide the answer to . 
  ( not that i 'm accusing you of condemning refugees - your post was just a figure !, 
  but it needed to tack onto a relevant comment . ), 
  correct , we can have gross negligence manslaughter .
