  there 's also a specific infanticide charge , but that requires an initial charge of murder and then the judge can change it if it meets the criteria . 
  this is n't a murder case . 
  just very sad :(, 
  how ? 
  scotland has hardly any immigrants ... 
  if she only had portuguese citizenship , then you 're right that she would n't be able to vote . 
  but the eu referendum was open to all uk citizens , british nationals from overseas territories , all commonwealth countries ( which is like 20 % of all the world 's countries ) , + irish , maltese , and cypriot citizens . 
  in terms of pure numbers , yes absolutely . 
  in ten years , indians and pakistanis went from being the two most populous immigrant groups in the uk to being overtaken 4-fold by the poles . 
  ex colonies had a near monopoly in immigration , as we invited thousands of them to plug the gap in the workforce following wwii . 
  it was very easy for them to move !, 
  we basically invited as many as would come . 
  the eu has massively changed that , and as the uk ca n't do much to control eu immigration , it 's put huge barriers on extra-eu migration . 
  so it is n't complete bullshit . 
  what 's delusional though is thinking that the whole economic and cultural landscape going to return to 1960 just because of one vote . 
  i was thinking this !, 
  these houses look 17th century to me , but this town came under control of the french crown in 1648 . 
  before that , it was split between the habsbourgs and the duchy or lorraine for a while . 
  so it depends on the age of the houses as to whether they were under ` austrian ' or french rule when they were built . 
  the politics in this area were a bit of a mess in this are during the 1600s !, 
  either way , the architecture is germanic , and would have continued to be so long after the area technically came under french rule . 
  does this graph take into account that the uk still serves pints ? 
  about 68ml more than a half litre ? 
  the legend on the graph seems to imply that a pint is being lumped in the 500ml , but if it were normalised to say a pint or a litre , i think it would be more accurate . 
  then again , i suppose a couple of mouthfuls is a bit irrelevant when it comes to ` how much is a drink ? ', 
  but it 's a slight number fudge nonetheless . 
  well , they are french ... 
  chimney cleaning is generally a tenant duty as part of a lease agreement ( at least in the uk ) . 
  along with floorboards , but not joists , and windows/doors , but not lintels , and ceilings but not stud walls . 
  at least in a traditional long-term lease . 
  it may be different for short-term rolling contracts . 
  although short term leases like that ( especially to students ) will usually forbid use of open fires . 
  the hearths are often bricked up :( not worth the insurance . 
  not if a new competitor in the market wants to be included in the data allowance plan , but is excluded . 
  it entrenches market dominance , and allows companies to rest on their laurels , and even raise prices ( owing to lack of competition ), 
  you mean non-sensationalist ? 
  the subject matter of the thing itself should be the interest , not the hammed up presentation of the journalist . 
  i 'll admit , he sounds bored out of his brains , but it 's not something i noticed until you raised it , because i was concentrating on the anarchic violence , not the presenter ; as it should be , if you ask me !, 
  agreed - and , perversely , i think the uk * not * being a part of that is a good thing . 
  we 'd likely have blocked that sort of change , but i think progress towards fiscal union is essential for the eu to progress . 
  because you 'd never be able to agree on which of your three languages to communicate in !, 
  i 've seen flamands and walloons speak in english * in person * , because neither spoke the others ' language well enough . 
  that exists ( i subscribe !, 
  ) , but it 's about french language . 
  mainly about grammar and learners getting help with translations . 
  difference is , m\u00e9lenchon is * actually * socialist . 
  bernie sanders is just a nice bloke ... 
  but france 's current government * is n't * a liberal government - it 's a socialist government . 
  macron is the liberal candidate ... 
  i think the energy price capping is a compromise so she can effectively ` buy ' the pensioner vote . 
  if there 's one thing old people like to moan about , it 's energy prices ... 
  i 've upvoted , because i think it 's a fair and plausible analysis . 
  but i 'm not sure i 'd call it necessarily ` american ' - more ` victorian ' . 
  the idea of social welfare as a begrudgingly charitable way of helping the poor to help themselves is n't a new thing . 
  and certainly not ` republican ' !, 
  of all the political spectrum , those old tories are the most vehemently pro-monarchy , 
  no it does n't , it 's the subjunctive . 
  it either applies or does n't . 
  ` was ' is indicative in the * past * . 
  ` if he * was * at the party , then why * did * he say that he * was * at home ' . 
  all past tense , no future hypothetical . 
  but , ` if he * were * to go to the party , he * would n't * enjoy it ' . 
  conditional = irrealis mood , so subjunctive . 
  * however * ... 
  it really does n't matter !, 
  in modern english , the subjunctive just is n't necessary for effective communication , and generally be omitted . 
  if i went ( technically subjunctive , but hidden ) round saying ` if he * be * here ' , i 'd sound like a judge from 1872 . 
  ` if i was ' is generally fine . 
  similarly , in french , it would be 's ` il \u00e9tait \u00e0 la f\u00eate ' , not 's ` il f\u00fbt \u00e0 la f\u00eate ' . 
  very possibly , yes !, 
  was n't suggesting otherwise . 
  whole things a mess ... 
  that 's a year . 
  # 2.2 tr a year gdp and about # 14bn gross contribution to the eu . 
  so about 0.63 % . 
  still a very small amount in terms of gdp , but you could do quite a lot with # 14bn a year . 
  yes , our economy may slow down . 
  but it 's unlikely to tank on day one - tax receipts should remain stable for at least a shirt while . 
  but yes , you have a very valid point . 
  if we ca n't reconfigure our economy pretty sharpish , then we 'll be less productive . 
  and if we have to print a shit-load of money , then we 'll probably be borrowing at a worse rate which will eat into that saved subscription fee . 
  this is a strong possibility . 
  but that 's why i gave myself the get-out clause of ` in theory ' , 
  believe what nonsense ? 
  that the uk did n't join the eu to partake in wealth distribution towards its own economy ? 
  i never said we do n't benefit from being part of a huge trading bloc with a single market . 
  a direct comparison was made between the polish and uk governments ' opinions and politics towards the eu . 
  i was merely saying that the comparison is n't apt - the ways that the 2 countries benefit from the eu is more than subtly different . 
  never said that - i just said that our relationship with the eu is n't in * any way * like poland 's . 
  it was stated that poland 's ruling party wan to be in europe because of the handouts . 
  poland has grown massively as an economy in the last decade thanks to the eu , and a big part of that is redistribution of wealth . 
  the uk 's expense is more like an access subscription fee to be part of the world 's biggest trading bloc . 
  our government does n't want to be in the eu for handouts - it 's so that we get a seat at the table for trade and political purposes . 
  however , some think that as the eu progresses , the individual voices of countries ' governments becomes less important - which is arguably true !, 
  i never made the assertion that the uk does n't * passively * benefit from eu membership . 
  you 've inferred a lot from a very short sentence . 
  not the same . 
  we are n't dependent on the eu in anywhere * near * the same way poland is . 
  we actually pay more in than we get out . 
  but the eu did at least prioritise spending that money in provincial areas , whereas previous governments have left anywhere outside of london to rot .
