  but obviously swiss knives are made in metric , so i think they 're excluded from the rule ... 
  ` the english : masters of their own domain at last ' . 
  that would be the more idiomatic way of saying it ... 
  bang on - which is why i do n't think it 's the end of the world to not be at the decisionmaking table with the core eurozone members . 
  i 've tried to explain to my friends the inevitableness of a two-tier eu , but i do n't think they can be their heads round it . 
  the uk would have fought federalism tooth and nail !, 
  the brexit vote gives a unique opportunity to lay down the ground rules for future eu unity . 
  nothing wrong with a two-tier system . 
  but it needs to be consistent . 
  hope the germans and french have got the balls to make it happen !, 
  i believe the french have a term for this ; ' \u00eatre mis au placard ' - being put in the cupboard . 
  it 's potentially actionable as a form of constructive dismissal . 
  you ca n't just vary someone 's job description and remove their responsibilities . 
  sort of - there 's also going to war against the sovereign , as well as ` aiding and comforting ' the enemy . 
  but it 's phrased as ` the enemies of the crown ' in the treason act of 1351 , so it still involves the monarch . 
  there 's also the murder of the king 's justices ( or scottish equivalents ) , or the chancellor of the king ( no queen at this point in history ! ), 
  that would be george osborne . 
  so it 's a very limited crime . 
  simply ` betraying ' the country 's interests is n't enough . 
  they 'd be waiting a while to get scottish citizenship . 
  even if they did vote for independence , it 'd take years for a formal seperation to occur and passports to be issued ... 
  she could technically refuse to sign into law any act revoking the european communities act , of the european union act . 
  but if you thought brexit was a constitutional crisis , it 's be nothing compared to the queen not assenting to a law :p, 
  no , that was removed in 1998 . 
  it was part of the human rights act coming in . 
  it also got rid of corporal punishment in schools . 
  up to 1998 , private schools could still reprimand with mild corporal punishment . 
  and treason is very strictly defined . 
  it 's basically a direct attack on the monarch or the royal lineage . 
  ( edit : or an attack on the judiciary , who at the the time were appointed by the monarch ) . 
  sleeping with the royal consort ( prince phillip ) or the eldest heir , or the eldest heir 's spouse . 
  yes , but the ` liberals ' were the main opposition for centuries ... we literally swapped the opposition party in the 20 's , completely under fptp !, 
  there is no reason this could n't be done again . 
  we have n't changed voting system . 
  that 's like a thimble full . 
  do you mean 250ml ? 
  they do n't all have great english - german is more common . 
  it 's used as an official administrative language . 
  i was once at a party with a 20-something luxembourger . 
  he worked for the rail network . 
  he spoke luxembourgish as a native tongue , fluent german , and passable french . 
  he understood english , but we ended up speaking in french . 
  i could n't follow what he was trying to say in english . 
  to be fair , of all french phrases , ` faites l'amour , pas la guerre ' is probably one of the most well known french phrases . 
  it 's the sort of thing that finds itself on people 's t-shirts . 
  french is the second most popular language studied in europe . 
  though yes , statistically you 're probably right . 
  english would get through to more people . 
  not that it 's a solid argument to ` leave ' , but i 'm pretty sure the newspaper thing was banned because of an eu regulation regarding packaging that comes into contact with food . 
  the ink is n't ` food grade ' . 
  you can actually buy special grease-proof paper that passes the hygiene tests , but has fake newspaper print on it . 
  not the same without a black smear on your puka pie though ... 
  well , if they 're from northern ireland , then they are n't immigrants ; they 're british citizens . 
  moving to london would just be ` moving ' . 
  the irish used to be our largest immigrant group . 
  thousands of them suddenly became ` foreigners ' in the 20 's when they gained independence , but a free movement pact was quite quickly established . 
  the asians took over as the largest immigrant group , but they never really competed for the same jobs . 
  after 2001 , the . 
  poles became the largest immigrant group ( very quickly ! ), 
  - a lot of them are labourers and have competed directly against the irish for jobs . 
  are there places that do n't quote salary per annum ? 
  but that 's not how the word is used in english ... ` underage ' does n't mean ' a minor ' . 
  it means under the age allowed for a particular activity . 
  as we 're talking about a girl 's physical attractiveness , then i read it as ` underage to be thought of in a sexual way ' , i.e. 
  age of consent . 
  that 's just how that word works . 
  i completely understand what you 're saying , and i find the extra value attached to the story because of her looks distasteful , but she was n't ` underage ' . 
  age of consent is 16 in the uk . 
  which is actually quite high for a lot of europe ... 
  bit of a moot point . 
  before 1801 , the whole of ireland was a seperate country . 
  however , it was still a kingdom with same monarch as great britain . 
  in 1801 , ireland politically joined with the kingdom of great britain , and the united kingdom was born . 
  however , there was never really full cultural integration , and few irish ever identified as ` british ' . 
  whilst it 's a fairly controversial issue , i think it 's fairly unanimous that ireland was never really treated as an equal within the union . 
  there was a lot of poverty and exploitation . 
  most of ireland gained independence in the 1920 's through civil war . 
  there 's been tension and violence ever since . 
  i think it would be fairly interesting for you to trace your irish heritage !, 
  the name suggests they may have been ulster scots ( i.e. 
  the ethnic basis of modern day northern ireland , though that 's a bit of a simplification . ), 
  in other words , it 's possible your ancestors were technically british and from the uk , depending on when they moved and where from . 
  however , that 's pedantry to the extreme . 
  the word ` country ' has evolved massively in the last couple of centuries . 
  if your family were from the island of ireland , i do n't think anyone would reproach your saying you have ` irish ' heritage . 
  the united kingdom is one sovereign territory ( in modern terms , a ` country ' ) . 
  one passport . 
  the ` countries ' within it , whilst culturally important , are historical . 
  legally , they function more like federal states or provinces . 
  there is no document that says you are legally ` english ' , or ` scottish ' . 
  these are self-defined nationalities the united kingdom is the only legal equivalent of the united states . 
  if you wanted to go to war with us , or negotiate with us on an international level , the uk is the entity you will deal with . 
  england does n't even have its own government . 
  there are no ` borders ' under international law within the uk , just as there are n't between us states . 
  there are 3 ` jurisdictions ' , i.e. 
  legal systems , but they are part of one sovereign territory . 
  if , say , scotland manned its border and blocked entrance from england or northern ireland , then this would be a domestic matter , not an international matter . 
  ireland ( i.e. 
  the majority of the island of ireland , not including northern ireland , which is british ) is a completely seperate sovereign nation . 
  seperate government and passport and everything .
