  i actually saved a bottle of augustiner helles for nearly 2 years to celebrate getting a decent job offer - drank it last week !, 
  so i certainly hold german tipple in high esteem , 
  and white pepper !, 
  ( has to be white for boiled eggs ) . 
  i 'm also partial to occasional coddled egg !, 
  bit of a faff , but you can wack a load of butter on the inside of the coddler , and i think it makes all the difference !, 
  depends on the kind of beer . 
  a lager or golden beer , then absolutely - about 4 or 5c . 
  an traditional british ale should be at ` cellar temperature ' - around 12c ( like red wine ) . 
  as a fan of beer , i find that a slightly too cold ale is better than a warm one , so i put them in the fridge then take them out for 10 - 15 mins before i drink them . 
  if you 're lucky enough to have a cold shelf or a cool cellar , then that 's best , but if not , fridge is better than a 20c beer . 
  it 's just how it 's spelt in english . 
  if you 're going to spell that word the italian way , then you may as well say ` roma ' , ` firenze ' , and ` napoli ' . 
  so , no , it 's not just the us . 
  it 's the english language . 
  27 * 2 * ml  saying that , when we swapped to metric bread in the 80s , we actually gained about \u215b of an ounce on large loaves !, 
  unlike beer bottles , the deceptive swines ... 
  ah , milk bottles !, 
  one of the last bastions of the system of imperial measures !, 
  and jam jars ... 
  i agree it makes for interesting comparisons , but i think international comparisons should be between sovereign nations . 
  that 's why we 're comparing the uk stat , not england or scotland 's stats . 
  i think we 're talking about different stats . 
  the stat i 'm referring to is * all * tax - from income tax , to sales tax , to land transfer taxes , etc , all bundled together , and then compared to the total that the country produces . 
  canada 's rate is about 32 % . 
  i think you 're talking about median effective tax rates . 
  depends what you mean by ` tax rates ' . 
  if you 're talking about just income tax , then i 'm not sure , but if you mean ` all taxes as a proportion of the country 's gdp ' , then sweden is around 45 % . 
  denmark and france have it beaten at about 50 % ( denmark was over 50 % at the last count ) . 
  the eu average is about 35 % . 
  then you may well have avoided almost all the fighting in ww1 , and you 'd have had a very good chance of not being posted to the front line in wwii because of age . 
  ( unless you were russian ... ) neither of my great grandfather had to fight in the wars . 
  too young for wwi , and they had essential jobs in wwii ( mining and construction ) , so were never called up . 
  i would n't go for olive oil - it burns at quite a low temp . 
  lard or rapeseed oil are better . 
  beef dripping would be my preference !, 
  as you should be , if you want to be a foreign secretary !, 
  french is the traditional language of diplomacy , and is an official language of several international organisations along with english . 
  not in english it does n't . 
  it literally just means ` without god ' - i.e. 
  no belief in it . 
  what you 're describing would be gnostic atheism ( which , like gnostic theism , is intellectually dishonest bollocks . 
  true knowledge requires omniscience , which is a fantasy ) . 
  well , that 's not true . 
  i am an agnostic atheist . 
  i am 99.999 % sure there is no god . 
  i have zero evidence for it . 
  but i ca n't * prove it * . 
  that 's literally impossible , as i 'm not an all-knowing supernatural being . 
  therefore , i 'm agnostic . 
  god is , by definition , unable to be proven to exist . 
  otherwise it would n't be ` faith ' . 
  i am ` agnostic ' about everything , tbh . 
  i ca n't ` know ' for certain that the universe is even real . 
  i just have to accept it . 
  so i 'm 99.999 % certain there is no god , and 99.999 % certain the universe is real . 
  but i 'm still agnostic about both of them - that 's just how knowledge works . 
  atheism and agnosticism are different labels for different things : belief and knowledge . 
  they are both binary , and exist separately of each other . 
  we were taught all this at school ... 
  it 's about 600kwh difference between our fridge 's annual consumption and a new one . 
  our fridge was free , as it belonged to my great grandmother . 
  so it 's costing us about # 70 a year more to run than a comparable new fridge . 
  but we do n't intend to stay in this house for more than another couple of years - we 'll leave it in situ , and get a new one wherever we move to next if there is n't already one there . 
  it has to go under the stairs , as we only have a small kitchen , so we do n't want to spend # 400 on a new fridge/freezer , when we can have a full size one in the next place . 
  does n't seem like a good investment . 
  edit : looked at the specs - it 's a bit less than 600kwh difference . 
  not too awful for the time being . 
  i think my fridge-freezer is the oldest bit of working electronic tech in my house ( besides a couple of lamps ) ... 
  it 's about 20 years old . 
  back when britain used to make stuff ... 
  and catalonia underwent years of subjugation !, 
  they had their laws and political institutions taken away from them in the 18th century , and have regained and lost their limited autonomy multiple times . 
  for 40 years after the 1930s , catalan ( you know , that different language , which is far more used now than irish was at the time of the uprising ) was made illegal , and the people lived under a dictatorship . 
  i do n't understand how someone whose country exists because it took up arms for its right to self-determination can so readily dismiss the same nationalist sentiment from another european population . 
  it 's such a blatant double standard . 
  that 's not what being ` british ' means . 
  you were british subjects . 
  you were part of the ` united kingdom of great britain and ireland ' , and were entitled to british passports . 
  and there were plenty of irish who * did * want to remain british . 
  otherwise northern ireland and the troubles would n't have happened . 
  so you ca n't just say ` the catalonians are spanish - they 're in their own country ! ', 
  if you 're not equally willing to say that the irish were british and were wrong to start a civil war for independence . 
  it 's hypocritical . 
  and the irish were british ... you 're being a hypocrite . 
  if catalonia were let back into the eu fairly sharpish , and joined schengen , then it would make little difference to most people 's daily lives in catalonia . 
  so should france have required a supermajority in their 1992 referendum establishing the european union ? 
  it passed by less than 51 % , and completely revolutionised the way the eu runs , and what powers it has . 
  joining the eu ( as it exists ) and leaving it are both huge constitutional decisions . 
  indeed , the eu is now embedded into the french constitution . 
  it 's hypocritical to say things you like should have one voting system , and decisions you do n't like should be harder to pass . 
  that 's not very democratic ... 
  but the british * parliament * only votes things on a simple majority basis . 
  why should the electorate be held to a higher threshold than the parliamentarians ? 
  the party with more than 50 % of the seats in parliament could pass any law they like , and they can do it based on seats they received with way less than 50 % of the electorate 's votes !, 
  if you have a constitution set up such that constitutional changes require qualified majorities , then fine , but doing it in a country that does n't ( and has never had ) such a rule is the definition of ` moving the goalposts ' . 
  and besides , the vote was technically only advisory anyway - it had no legally binding ramifications . 
  the * actual * vote to empower the executive to execute article 50 was done in parliament on a simple majority . 
  also , just a bit of additional rhetoric , if ` monumental ' changes required qualified majorities in referenda , then it 's likely that neither france , ireland , nor denmark would have ratified the treaty of maastricht . 
  those plebiscites passed ( eventually ) on razor-thin margins !,
