  however , ireland and the uk have a very robust free travel arrangement . 
  if you 're going by air , you 'll have your id checked , but this does n't technically need to be a passport . 
  between northern ireland ( uk ) and ireland ( republic of ) there is no border . 
  the sign just changes from mph to kmph . 
  it gets a bit confusing , as there are many people from northern ireland who identify as culturally irish . 
  some indeed do have both a uk passport , and an irish passport , however some do n't . 
  the word ` irish ' can mean ' a citizen of the country of ireland ' , but also ` ethnically and culturally from the island of ireland , regardless of passport ' . 
  the two concepts can co-exist , or exist separately . 
  cpg grey is irish by citizenship , however i doubt he 'd consider himself culturally ` irish ' . 
  british is the legal nationality . 
  it 's what 's on our passports . 
  it 's the equivalent of german or us citizen . 
  the rest are the historical nationalities of the uk . 
  we never got rid of them like other nation-states , but they remain culturally important to us . 
  england , wales , and scotland are n't even mentioned in the passport . 
  though i think that 's belgian , and a bit shit . 
  it 's more like calling a scot ` british ' . 
  legally true , but not how they might choose to culturally identify . 
  like the catalonians . 
  if a breton were actually to be explicitly * offended * by being called french , then he/she would be a bit of a knob ... 
  i do n't feel this is a fair test . 
  do the turks and moroccans have a piss-weak tea that requires more leaf to produce ? 
  i think a better measure would be a litres per capita . 
  ( or pints , to match how i personally like to consume the substance ... ), 
  the problem is , this sort of shit is almost a pre-requisite to get onto well-paid professional graduate schemes . 
  i 've been to assessment days for big law and accountant firms . 
  they do the whole ` tell us something out of ordinary you 've done in the past year ' shit , and half the room has one of these stories to tell . 
  visiting foreign prisons , helping a village in the dominican republic ( from the comfort of a beach-side resort ) , etc. . . 
  it gets people hired though , and a lot of good secondary schools know this . 
  it 's quite sickening , to be honest ... 
  yes !, 
  although it 's rarely used literally . 
  i mainly see it used in the context of describing a system of ` well-being ' care . 
  it originally stems from the idea of a priest looking after his congregation ( flock ) in a spiritual way . 
  but it 's now used to mean any sort of general emotional and well-being support . 
  most schools ( not just religious ones ) will have some sort of statement about ` pastoral care ' , and members of staff who are in charge of supporting students who are going through tough times , or need advice . 
  we actually still have bits of norman french as part of our state ceremonies . 
  when all the recently passed acts of parliament are read out in the chamber ( to confirm that the monarch assents ) , the clerk proclaims ` la reyne le veult ' ( the queen wills it ) . 
  or sometimes ` soit fait comme il est d\u00e9sir\u00e9 ' , depending on the type of bill . 
  there are alternatives for if the monarch refuses assent , but that has n't happened for 300 years ... 
  i 'm fond of the alternative phrase , ` slag tag ' . 
  * briton unlike french , in english you have to check whether the word has germanic or french origins to see if the nominal demonym is the same as the adjectival form ... 
  true - but which one appears on all the tote bags ? 
  but we did bomb the shit out of dresden . 
  german casualties from civilian bombings were far higher than for the allies . 
  the germans started it , but the brits certainly did n't hold back in retaliation . 
  i thought as much - the article seems to emit the ` el ' all the way through . 
  it does n't look like a mistake . 
  did n't know whether that was a more recent way of doing it . 
  maybe the author does n't think it 's politically correct - like saying ` sudan ' and ` yemen ' rather than ` the sudan ' , or ` the yemen ' . 
  just thinking out loud on the internet !, 
  no , the translation 's spot on !, 
  it 's the spanish that is n't right . 
  northern ireland * is * the uk - ireland ( the republic of ) is not , it 's a separate independent nation . 
  the uk borders with ireland * via * northern ireland . 
  this is the issue , as we may end up with tariffs between the uk and ireland . 
  there 's no issue with the ` border ' between the uk and northern ireland . 
  that 's like saying there 's a problem between spain and galicia - it does n't make any sense . 
  * whose good job we do n't have heavily armed acad\u00e9miciens to put you down in the anglophone world ... 
  as part of my law degree in the uk , i took french law . 
  i studied in france * in french * . 
  i had friends who did the same thing in spanish and german - no ` english only ' courses . 
  do you really not think people would come and study in danish ? 
  so i suppose spain will be giving up ceuta then ? 
  despite the thousands of spaniards living within its walls ? 
  oh , but it 's not about people , this is obviously all about ` territorial integrity ' ... 
  this is the correct answer . 
  there 's no representation for gibraltar in the houses of parliament - they make their own laws . 
  the residents are british nationals , but not uk citizens . 
  i think that 's a * slight * error . 
  there is no border between the uk and ni - ni * is * the uk . 
  it 's the border between the uk and ireland that 's in dispute - it just happens that ni is the part of the uk that has that border . 
  also , is it modern spanish style to not say ' * el * reino unido ' ( and just say ` reino unido ' ? ), 
  i studied it for years , and that 's how we learnt it . 
  you do n't need absolute universal suffrage for a democracy . 
  we do n't give prisoners the vote - no-one would say we are n't a ` democracy ' ... 
  because they spread their wealth and culture out !, 
  berlin is n't the country 's economic powerhouse . 
  the uk is * horrendously * centralised , with much of the economic activity happening in london and the south east . 
  that 's why all us northerners moan so much ; we know , with evidence , that it does n't have to be this way at all !, 
  when the us decided to give aid to europe after wwii ( mainly the marshall plan , but there were other programmes ) , one of the provisos was ` no communists ' . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_communist_party they were one of the biggest parties after wwii , and were actually part of a coalition government . 
  in 1947 , they were excluded from government . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marshall_plan `` the eca 's official mission statement was to give a boost to the european economy : to promote european production , to bolster european currency , and to facilitate international trade , especially with the united states , whose economic interest required europe to become wealthy enough to import us goods . 
  another unofficial goal of eca ( and of the marshall plan ) was the containment of growing soviet influence in europe , evident especially in the growing strength of communist parties in czechoslovakia , france , and italy . '', 
  so the countries were n't ` sabotaged ' , per se , but their legitimate democratic mandates were manipulated to push the us agenda , and turn europe into an export market for american goods and culture . 
  the effects are still all around us today . 
  a supernatural being or force that exists outside the realms of explicable natural phenomena ? 
  may or may not be able to interact with the universe . 
  because we can * see * the big bang !, 
  cosmic background radiation can be seen with telescopes . 
  this is light reaching the earth * now * , that started its journey before any other light source we can see . 
  using red/blue shift , we can show where the light comes from , and the amount of energy required to create it . 
  unless our equipment is lying to us , we can * see * that the universe started with a big explosion - because the ` flash ' is still bloody there !, 
  yes - it could all be fake , and we could all be legally living in virtual reality . 
  difference is , we have * proof * of one concept , and * no * proof of the other . 
  that has to count for something ... 
  which is odd , because in the uk religion tends to be the preserve of the middle and upper classes !, 
  there 's a long-standing distrust of religion amongst the working class here . 
  more just ` authoritarian labour football fanatic ' .
