  it 's also more common to go to a private school or college ( 16 - 18 , not university ) for sixth form . 
  your a-level are the most important grades as far as uni entry goes , so it makes sense to shell out for just those two years . 
  i know several people who just went to private schools between 16 and 18 . 
  normal lower-middle class people in a poor part of england . 
  not that unusual . 
  so ye , in the south of england , private school attendance is over 1 in 10 . 
  i suppose thate prrtte high compared to other regions of europe ... 
  i had to think twice about what you meant , but figured out what you intended from context . 
  this sort of thing is n't normally a problem with native-speakers irl . 
  if i hear ` public school ' in a british accent , i know it means an elite independent school , if it 's an american accent , i know if means state-funded . 
  same thing with words like ` pants ' . 
  i 've had foreigners ask ` do you get confused when americans in films use words like ` pants ? ', 
  oddly , no . 
  the accent means it 's like listening to another language - i know what the words mean without thinking . 
  since i 've become a redditor though , i 've realised how important it is to have a clue as to which mental dictionary to apply to words and phrases . 
  it 's doubly hard in this thread , where everyone speaks such a hodgepodge of english from around the world . 
  as side note , i went to a private school in the north of england that was n't a ` public school ' . 
  it was newer ( founded in the 1800 's ) . 
  significantly cheaper too , and i got money off from an academic scholarship . 
  uk attendance to private schools is pretty high . 
  about 8 or 9 % iirc . 
  our education system 's an illogical mess to start with though . 
  the wikipedia page on it is enormous . 
  not that we can presume this level of prep , but it 's common to load 28 or 29 rounds , as a full 30 massively increases the risk of a jam after the first shot . 
  either way , we 'd probably have been looking at an over double-figures attack . 
  i know we 're supposed to have a stiff upper lip and all that , but it is all a little disconcerting ... 
  but then ... you 've sort of lost . 
  terrorism is about creating fear . 
  if everywhere you go you 're being reminded that some nutter with a rifle and a pipe bomb is lurking around a corner , then you 're hardly ` fighting back ' , are you . 
  how about polite signs ? 
  ` please be courteous to your fellow passengers by not committing acts of hatred-fuelled violence in this area . 
  thank you . ', 
  you could put them next to ` please use the bins provided ' signs !, 
  my local train station did n't have them for a while after 9/11 ( north of england , not london ) . 
  they then moved to these ` open ' bin things . 
  like 3 ' x 3 ' shallow boxes . 
  now they 've got see-through bags . 
  not pleasant to look at , but a sensible compromise . 
  if we included islands that are part of other nation-states , there 'd be hundreds !, 
  have to draw a line somewhere ... 
  though i would be very interest to know about an average day in the faroe islands !, 
  they do in the uk too . 
  we 've already been told by the european court of human rights to stop doing it , but we 're ignoring it ... 
  the line is blurred , and actually a little pointless . 
  but something like , say , duvel , is brewed in a way a lager would be traditionally brewed . 
  a cold yeast fermentation . 
  their own website calls it both an ` ale ' and a ` lager ' . 
  ( `` a duvel is still seen as the reference among more full-bodied lagers . '' ), 
  but if you were in britain , * few * people would would call belgian beers ` ales ' . 
  we invented the top fermentation pale ale style ( though it 's changed a lot ) , and the style of our beers is really different compared with the continental european ones . 
  it might just be i 'm using the old-fashioned ` english ' way of defining beers , and the more i read , the more i realise our categorisations do n't fit in with how the international community sees beers nowadays . 
  but , from a cultural perspective , belgian beers ( at least the ones i 've had , which have generally been fantastic ) will always come under the ` lager ' category . 
  apologetic edit : done some extra research ; i stand my ground on a lot of the beers , in that they 're brewed like lagers . 
  but i stand absolutely corrected on a fair few ... 
  they ferment at a reasonably high temperature , and use a top fermenting process . 
  they are most definitely ` ales ' !, 
  i just saw them as the same ` style ' and lumped them all together . 
  well , there you go . 
  sorry again , belgium ... 
  i love the 5 franc coin !, 
  i keep one on my desk as flipping coin !, 
  it 's a lovely weight , and makes the perfect ` ping ' noise ... 
  that was almost physically painful to read ... 
  although i did n't know the americans used ` detour ' to mean ` diversion ' !, 
  i had to look it up . 
  that 's the first time in a while that i 've not understood a piece of american english ... 
  fun fact : whilst we got rid of them in the uk years ago , guernsey and jersey still have # 1 notes ( when did you all start calling them ` bills ' by the way ? 
  you 've all been tainted ! ), 
  they 're quite cute !, 
  and weigh a lot less ... 
  but what would you put in your supermarket trolley ? 
  i thought you meant ` halfpenny ' coins for a second !, 
  i was just wondering who was going to break the news to you that you 're a time-traveller ... 
  but yes , i agree . 
  5p would be perfectly fine as a smallest amount , but there 's something quite quaint about a penny ... perhaps a # 5 coin instead of a note would n't be a bad idea either ? 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to get at ? 
  i love belgian beers !, 
  i 've been to visit breweries in flanders - beer was one of the main attractions of my trip . 
  but i 'm struggling to think of any belgian beers that * are n't * lagers . 
  the brewing process is different from ales - different yeasts and temperatures . 
  honestly , if you can recommend some good belgian beers that * are n't * lagers , i 'd love to try them !, 
  ( and i apologise for leaving belgium off the list ... tbh , it was a linguistic thing !, 
  i do n't really see flanders and wallonia as ` one entity ' when i think about cultural regions in europe . 
  i must 've lumped flemish beer in with dutch through haste and carelessness . 
  the beers are n't the same ... 
  also worth mentioning , if we 're talking about actual draught beer from a tap , the uk is n't being counted properly . 
  we sell * actual * pints , as opposed to continental .5 - litre knockoffs . 
  20oz pints at 28.4 ml an oz = approx 568ml . 
  you have to serve it in that quantity by law !, 
  ( unless it 's bottled ... can be whatever you like in a bottle ) . 
  i 'm not just being contrary , it means that the uk is being undercounted . 
  we 're getting 68ml more beer per serving than everywhere else !, 
  you wo n't tend to find equivalents of ` craft beers ' in most of europe . 
  the uk and ireland are the only two that really make ` ales ' . 
  the rest of europe do lagers . 
  some of them are very good , especially the dutch and german ones , but lagers none the less . 
  the uk invented the ipa a couple of centuries ago so it would last being shipped to india - hence india pale ale . 
  most american ` craft beers ' are derivatives of this movement , though with more hops nowadays . 
  we used to just call them ` beers ' , or ` ales ' . 
  but now it 's gone full circle and we 're copying the marketing and styles of ` american craft beers ' to bring in the younger crowds who think that it 's a new thing ... as is the power of american globalism !,
