  it was mainly used for the sale of things in sacks . 
  wool and flour . 
  ( i 've seen bakers ' log books from the 1800s - they would put their yields for the day in columns hundredweights , stone , and pounds ) . 
  the problem was that the stone had a different value in different parts of gb and the empire . 
  there was meant to be a common market , so it was standardised to 14lbs in 1824 . 
  this had the unfortunate side effect of making the hundredweight 112lbs , and the ton 2,240 lbs ... 
  the american system ( which is the old english system ) of 2,000 lbs in a ton is a lot more straightforward . 
  i presume the stone fell out of use in the us because different immigrant communities would have had different values for it , and instead of choosing a standard like the british , americans seem to have just done away with it at some point . 
  to make it work with 2,000 lbs to a ton , it would need to be 12.5 lbs to a stone , which just adds more stupidity to an already incoherent system ... 
  i know , i 've explained this below in another comment !, 
  ( was paraphrasing in my head ' a box with 0.1 m sides ' , and then forgot about exponential functions !, 
  will correct my original . 
  sorry , you 're right !, 
  what i actually said to her was more like ` you know , a litre is just the space that would be inside a box with 0.1 m sides ' . 
  i 've confused myself with my own explanation , but i do understand the concept of cubing numbers :p ... 
  * and the interest rate is below inflation for people on the old # 3k fees . 
  it 's not really a ` loan ' - it does n't affect your credit rating ( because no one can chase you for it !, 
  ) , it comes out pre-tax with your income , and it gets written off after 30 years . 
  it 's a regressive tax by another name , not a ` loan ' . 
  you say that , but if you look at france 's national assembly v the uk 's hoc , they 're both almost exactly the same in terms of ` minority parties ' . 
  they both have about 14 % representation in the legislature by minority parties . 
  so it does n't seem to make a * huge * amount of difference . 
  having a system based on individual local competitions usually tends towards two main parties . 
  saying that , i would prefer either av or the two-round system . 
  i do n't want proportional representation . 
  which is what the french do ... 
  same in my constituency , except it 's labour v ukip . 
  same mp sice 1983 , and has been labour since 1918 . 
  i think the ` closest ' it 's ever been is about 10 % points between the labour candidate and his nearest competitor . 
  cost , resistance from industry , and resistance from the public . 
  the feeling was that we were being forced to do it by europe . 
  which is partially true ... european legislation sped up the process by several decades . 
  had we not joined the eu , we would likely still be using imperial for a lot more applications . 
  the difference between the uk and , say , australia or new zealand ( who basically changed the whole lot in just over a decade ) , was that we had a much bigger internal market . 
  we had thousands of british standards and industrial machines and processes set up to apply those standards . 
  up until 1972 , other commonwealth countries had imported a lot of their standards from the uk . 
  they had small populations , and relied on britain for the majority of their trade , so it made no sense for them to develop all their own standards . 
  when the uk joined the ec , the impetus for change was much bigger ; suddenly they were about to lose their biggest trade partner , and would have to start trading with asia ( nearest neighbour ) . 
  asia had no interest in accommodating imperial , so it made a lot of sense for aus and nz to change to suit the international market as soon as possible . 
  the uk has changed industry by industry as processes have been updated and replaced . 
  we were n't under the same economic pressure to change in one fell swoop . 
  plus , we 're a stubborn and proud people - losing imperial has been seen by many as a loss of national identity . 
  i like both systems ( when i do diy with my grandad , it 's all in imperial ) , though that 's more because i find weights and measures and the history of it really interesting in general !, 
  that 's what this whole thread is about ... 
  the post is in english , and op is complaining about its non-standard spelling in the title . 
  i 'm quite aware other languages use different spellings of metre , but this is about a post in english . 
  and you said ` unless you 're brit ' - that 's not true . 
  it 's ` any anglophone nation other than the us , and including the us when dealing with international standards . ', 
  there were several ` french ' inches , and that was the problem !, 
  there were ` parisian ' measurements , but they were n't applied universally . 
  the uk had been a lot stricter with its measures , and moved to imperial in 1824 to standardise throughout the empire . 
  the french were n't starting from such a consistent base , and had just had a major revolution . 
  it was an ideal time to ` reset ' the measurements system , as everything else was also in disarray !, 
  then the idea caught on , just like the concept of decimal currencies . 
  ( which the uk did n't move to until the 70s ... ), 
  fun fact , the original prototype metre was actually manufactured under contract by a british company , using the imperial system . 
  ironically , the uk is one of the few countries left that still regularly uses old english units in some shape or form on a day-to-day basis ... 
  no , the accepted international english spelling as used in the treaty of the metre of 1875 is * metre * . 
  it 's now contained in iso 80000-3 , as updated 2006 , which defines the names several metric units ( amongst other measurements ) . 
  there is one official english translation for isos , and it uses ` metre ' . 
  you 'll have to tell my local butcher . 
  he pre-packs some things by the kilo and some things by the lb/oz . 
  he duel-labels most of the products . 
  and lots of packages still come in imperial sizes . 
  i have 4 pints of milk in the fridge , and a 12 oz jar of jam . 
  oh , and 1.36 kg of sausages - which is actually 3lbs , but the butchers obviously refuse to move on ( these were pre-packed - not my local butcher 's ), 
  yep , we 're a metric mess !, 
  sheffield council car parks have the max vehicle weights in hundredweights ( 112lbs ) , and the signs are n't even that old ... 
  i hear and use imperial daily , even by tradesmen . 
  i had a suit made for my wedding , and that was all made in feet and inches . 
  we 've come a long way compared with 20 years ago !, 
  but we 're not there yet . 
  and re : roads - my older cousin works for a highway maintenance dept. 
  the roads are done 99 % in metric , and it 's just the signs that are done in miles , yards , feet and inches . 
  except those marker signs ( yellow numbers ) - they 're in kilometres , but they do n't have the unit on . 
  it was done that way to be compatible with europe for safety reasons . 
  also , apparently a lot of yardage signs are being put at convenient metre distances . 
  55 yards , or 110 yards . 
  the idea is that when we eventually change over , we wo n't need to move as many posts to get sensible round numbers in metres . 
  it 's not used in the uk . 
  though , tbh , in colloquial conversation imperial is still frequently used , so it 's not like everyone has a real ` feel ' for the various metric derivatives . 
  however , under the weight and measures act 1985 , a litre is defined as ' 1 cubic decimetre ' , with the metre and the prefixes defined elsewhere in the act . 
  so it is used in science . 
  tbh , i do n't think most people are aware that a litre is defined by by reference to the cubic metre . 
  my wife is a teacher , and they teach basic measurements ( as well as rough imperial to metric conversions ) , and nowhere in the curriculum does it teach how the litre is connected to the rest of the metric system . 
  she thought it was defined as 1kg of water . 
  her mind was a bit blown when i told her that that a litre was just ~ ~ 0.1 m \u00b3 ~ ~ 0.001 m \u00b3 ( was thinking of a box with 0.1 m sides - exponential functions are hard ! ), 
  you 're right that they do , but a lot of those laws initially only came in * because * of eu law . 
  when we enacted them , we bolstered them a bit , but we might not have done it had we not been compelled to . 
  granted , some of then proceed the eu . 
  equal pay legislation . 
  ( although this again was bolstered by eu legislation in the 90s ) and we do still offer a damn sight less than a lot of other eu countries !, 
  well , we did in the uk ... 
  the anti-terrorism , crime and security act 2001 was actually declared incompatible with the human rights act by the house of lords , but it went ahead anyway . 
  it had also sorts of powers , including detention without charge , extended search powers by police , the ability to tap people 's phones without a warrant etc. . . 
  it was repealed in 2005 because of a successful appeal to the house of lords by 8 prisoners being held without trial . 
  it was replaced by the prevention of terrorism act . 
  this act was * also * found incompatible with european human rights law in 2006 by the high court , as it interfered with the right to a fair trial . 
  it was replaced by the terrorism prevention and investigation methods act 2011 , which is still in force . 
  so yes , plenty of repeals !,
