  not because i * need * them . 
  it 's about usage , exposure , and necessity . 
  try being part of modern youth culture in western society without at least knowing meme-level english . 
  you 're basically ostracised . 
  in several european countries , you 're seen as a bit thick if you ca n't watch an ` american movie ' without subtitles . 
  in the uk and ireland , learning a second language ( when you 're not from an immigrant family ) is often seen as a bit of a cute novelty . 
  most employers could n't give a shit , and you 're hardly missing out on popular culture , as 90 % of it is a american . 
  it costs more , and is less effective . 
  dealing with facebook on its own allows the system to be dealt with in a semi-autonomous fashion , and the case management can be done by a team of underpaid admins . 
  you want to serve civil suits on each person you think is writing bullshit and trying to pass it off as fact ? 
  well , the * lawyers * will be happy . 
  and while each legal battle was going on , that news item would either have to stay up , or have an injunction brought against it to bring it down until proceedings were over . 
  more lawyers needed !, 
  all about time and money , and actually getting the result they want - not fairness or apportionment of fault . 
   benders i. . . 
  i do n't think you can use that word anymore ... 
  * technically * , it was just england & wales that decriminalised it 1967 . 
  scotland and northern ireland did n't decriminalise it until 1980 and 1982 respectively . 
  buggery was n't technically abolished as an offence until 2003 !, 
  it was used to prosecute anal rape where the younger party had consented , but was under 16 . 
  technically , they could have just used rape legislation , but i think that was generally reserved for cases where someone had been ` forced ' into it . 
  georgia master race , here !, 
  no doubt , but at the time they were british subjects , in the nation state of the uk - so it was a bit different . 
  kiwis and australians had been independent nations for years when wwi came around . 
  what 's a bilingual drawing ? 
  does your crosshatching have a funny accent ? 
  to be fair , in british english , we rarely use the word ` rooster ' . 
  cockerel , or cock , is more common . 
  for me ( uk ) , a spigot is a sticky out but that has a fitting for a hose or pipe . 
  they tend to be standard 1/2 '' or 3/4 '' over here . 
  a tap is the valve/whole fitting for a thing that goes on a bath or sink . 
  the actual spout bit could actually be referred to as a ` faucet ' , but it rarely is . 
  i 'd say ` spout ' is more common . 
  not ` theories ' as such , but there are doctrines that go right back to the time of the roman republic , which then made their way into the justinian codes . 
  general responsibility for damage caused by things you own . 
  ( does n't exist in english law - you have to establish a duty of care exists first , and then show negligence ) . 
  another big difference is the distinction in property rights . 
  french and german law basically have ` moveable ' and ` immoveable ' property , and the same systems of contract generally apply to both . 
  this comes from roman law . 
  but english law works quite differently - we have ` real property ' and ` personal property ' . 
  ` real property ' can be land , but also things like rights of passage , and the right to harvest crops . 
  these have special rules and are much harder to move around and sell . 
  most of the continental countries have a ` civil code ' - it 's just that some are based more on the napoleonic code , and some on the austro-german code . 
  but ye , if you look at belgium 's civil code , it 's about 90 % the same as france 's , as it comes straight from the napoleonic code ( based on the justinian code ) . 
  but a lot of the concepts across both germanic and napoleonic codes are very , very similar . 
  the uk ( except for chunks of scots law ) is by far the most dissimilar from all the rest . 
  that 's not to say the * results * of the laws do n't end up being very similar , but the legal theories that you would follow to arrive at a conclusion are vastly different . 
  and crime - scotland actually has * more * of a reliance on common law then the rest of the uk when it comes to criminal . 
  though there have been suggestions that a criminal code could be a adopted . 
  to be fair , that was genius ... 50 years ago , the uk would have sent an order to a european wholesaler saying , e.g. 
  1,200 lbs of high quality bananas , unripened etc. . . maybe some more description . 
  the wholesaler would get it , have to do a weight conversion , and provide to the best of its ability what it thought were the required products . 
  in case of disagreement , someone would have to interpret the contract , and figure out who was right . 
  now , any member state can simply say ' 800kg of class b ( insert variety here ) bananas ' . 
  sale of goods legislation at eu level means that , wherever you may be in the eu , you can turn round and say ` these are n't class b bananas according to the regulations , please take them away and refund us ' . 
  easy , efficient , and saves money . 
  the downside is that it has pushed retailers into preferring higher class products , and then getting into such a price war that it means the lower class products do n't get sold . 
  it 's not worth selling bendy bananas , because the price margins on the normal ones have become so thin . 
  there 's one at sheffield university - biggest in the uk . 
  the arts tower is a big 60 's building - it 's over 250ft ( 80m ) tall , and you can ride the paternoster most of the way up , and over the top and back down . 
  tbh , i 'm surprised the paternoster is still allowed to run !, 
  it moves quickly , and one slip could get you crushed !, 
  i think it cuts out if too much pressure is out on the motor , but it 's still do some damage !, 
  it is nice not having to wait for a lift though . 
  ` liberal ' is not an antonym to ` conservative ' . 
  ` liberalism ' is about a focus on individual rights and freedoms , and allowing decisions to be made as close to the individual as possible . 
  it also rejects authoritarianism . 
  small government . 
  it 's like a sub-branch of libertarianism . 
  more freedom of private management and contracts in the nhs ? 
  arguably liberal . 
  forced ethnic assimilation ( e.g banning head coverings ) ? 
  not liberal . 
  positive discrimination ? 
  not liberal . 
  the tories are far more liberal than most labour candidates . 
  allowing people to set up free schools and allowing different types of schools to compete for parents ' favour ? 
  liberalism . 
  a liberal policy would be to equally balance one person 's right to discriminate against others in a private setting with another 's right to not be discriminated against . 
  gay marriage is about equal treatment before the law - a liberal policy - not about making people * like * homosexuals , or having to like them oneself . 
  economically ( which , let 's be honest , is the main thing ) he was a liberal . 
  not in the north of england . 
  most of the leave voters were labour . 
  there were almost as many ` labour ' constituencies that went with leave as there were conservative ones . 
  most of south and east yorkshire , which are hardcore red voters for the most part . 
  in pure numbers , you may be right , but that 's because the southern rural vote has so many constituents . 
  ` caretaker government ' is the phrase i 've always used . 
  sometimes ` no change ' is the best thing , though i 'm not sure if that 's the case in italy 's situation ... 
  to be fair , they may be happy to have the central government weakened , and more powers ceded to the eu , if that meant simultaneous devolution of power to the regional level . 
  this is how the eu * should work * . 
  it 's the subsidiarity principle , which is enshrined in the eu treaties . 
  so ... 45 % of people are upset because one of those candidates will likely become president , and 50 % are upset because one of those candidates is n't president * yet * ... and what , the other 5 % live abroad ? 
  fun fact !, 
  the chamber was bombed during wwii . 
  there was a suggestion we might rebuild it to accommodate all the mps , possibly in a semi-circular design like everyone else . 
  but we said ` nah ' , got out the old plans , and rebuilt it inch-for-inch like the old one . 
  oh , we did did put some new wiring in !, 
  we have n't replaced it since . 
  it 's going to cost millions to renovate the houses of parliament ... 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1796_heavy_cavalry_sword this would have been fairly standard for a very long sword .
