  my french is passable , and i 've met several foreigners who speak * very * good english as second language - many of them well enough to work in complex professions ; but it 's never quite ` right ' . 
  neither party can quite be themselves - you 're constantly in language-and-cultural-comprehension mode . 
  it 's just tiring . 
  je tire mon chapeau to couples who do n't share a first language - other people must just have different attitudes to communication from mine . 
  * comparable bloody monoglots !, 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p04db5fq heard this today !, 
  seems relevant . 
  neither does the uk ( or at least not all of it ) . 
  it 's not a given throughout europe . 
  is that one of canada 's imposed terms ? 
  it does n't make sense to me . 
  the deal is between the eu as an entity , and canada as an entity . 
  why should countries that stop being part of the bloc have to be bound ? 
  it 'd be like resigning from your job , and still being bound by contracts made by the company you worked for with other companies . 
  the same way we deal with eu disputes . 
  the countries should both be under an obligation to make the terms of the treaty binding . 
  either through direct effect , or through transposition into national law . 
  you should then be able to sue the offending legislative or regulatory body under administrative law to get the law struck down , and receive compensation . 
  i do n't see why national courts ca n't deal with this matter !, 
  well , french is the traditional language of diplomacy . 
  pretty much all major european treaties were negotiated and started in french until after wwi . 
  even the british were happy with this arrangement . 
  it was american pressure that changed it ... 
  in the uk we get any foreign programming with subtitles . 
  we do n't do dubbing - there 's no market for it . 
  ` foreign ' media is a niche thing for us , whereas it 's the norm for the rest of europe . 
  it 's fine most of the time when a programme is in a language i do n't understand , but i speak decent french , so when we have shows like ` the missing ' and ` the returned ' , i spend half my time critiquing the subtitling rather than just ignoring it . 
  if there are words on a screen , i read them . 
  i ca n't avoid it . 
  it 's be nice if subtitles could be broadcast as optional . 
  it 's like digital tele does n't have the technology to not need hardcoded subs . 
  the uk is already 3 jurisdictions . 
  england & wales ( shared ) , scotland , and northern ireland . 
  they function a bit like states , but we 're not constitutionally federal , so it 's a bit confusing . 
  gibraltar is n't part of the uk . 
  the uk could * technically * legislate for it , but it would be a constitutional nightmare . 
  it effectively functions as a separate country , but relies on the uk for defence etc. . . 
  the ` uk ' has n't allowed same sex marriage . 
  most of it has - northern ireland has n't yet allowed it . 
  that 's not really the case for most uk cities ... 
  especially the industrial ones . 
  ( manchester , sheffield , leeds , birmingham etc. . . ) the city centres are right next to the old factories , and are still some of the poorest parts of the cities in terms of residents . 
  https://www.sheffield.gov.uk/your-city-council/sheffield-profile/deprivation-statistics.html this is my nearest city . 
  poorest parts are in the middle , and to the north/north-east of the city . 
  the rich bits are the victorian middle class suburbs to the south and south-east . 
  you could have just googled it ... 
  it 's a normal english word . 
  no , that 's not quite the same thing . 
  a ` flatshare ' or ` houseshare ' are just the words to describe when two or more people , who are otherwise financially independent , share a house or flat . 
  they then become ` flatmates ' or ` housemates ' . 
  they may both be primary leaseholders on a single lease , or they may both rent separate rooms in the flat on separate leases ( with shared living space ) . 
  some flatshares * do * involve subletting ( such as op 's ) , though most leases forbid it , so it 's unusual . 
  it 's already ` non-english ' ... 
  it has subtitles . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're asking . 
  do you mean , will the other versions have decent subtitles ? 
  i speak british english , and it does imply more than just ` the cabinet ' . 
  i 'd say it means ` the people exercising executive functions ' , including aides , and executive civil servants . 
  but i would n't think that parliament had stopped , or the tax people , or the police , or customs , or regulatory bodies etc. . . 
  the germans could probably squeeze it down to two words , max ... 
  my nearest city has a fairly sizeable roma slovak population - the most popular surname * by far * is horvath/horvathova , along with ` dunka/dunkova ' . 
  i fear they may have created negative connotations of the names amongst locals :p also , that adding ` ova ' thing for females is piss annoying for our it systems , as we have to run two searches for family units . 
  english stopped doing male male/female surnames centuries ago , because it did n't create easily traceable census records . 
  i completely agree !, 
  i 've now had to stop enjoying this post ... 
  well , a lot of places have juries , so there is * some * democracy in court rooms ... 
  it means nothing ... not under current models , anyway . 
  what you 're describing is a confederation - which is pretty much what the eu is ... 
  i suppose the only real difference between a federation of highly autonomous * federated * states , and a confederation of nation-states , would be the ability to unilaterally * leave * the union without it being considered a secession . 
  a true eu federation would have the eu as the supreme power , and any ` country ' purporting to leave would be a seceding state . 
  a confederation can still have a common defence and foreign policy though . 
  all countries would basically sign up to not conduct their own international dealings in * all * matters ( rather than just trade deals , as is currently the situation ) . 
  15 years ? 
  my grandparents ' system is over 30 ... 
  some of the radiators are from the 30 's . 
  and i know that on a pure * cost * basis , there can be not much in it , but when my mum swapped hers about 7 years ago , her heating bills nearly halved . 
  the efficiency difference is enormous . 
  i think if we set our thermostat at home to 14.5 c , then it would only come on in the depths of winter !, 
  i never saw the temperature drop to under 14c last year . 
  personally , i 'd be all for it , but my wife would refuse . 
  it took me months to negotiate her down to 19.5 c !, 
  what ?!, 
  what 's up with the famas ? 
  it fires the same ammo , the new versions have rails that allow the same attachments . 
  seems like a massive outgoing for something that will bring little advantage ... tbh , i 'd like to see us europeans clubbing together and telling the americans to shove their 5.56 mm up their arses . 
  something like a 6.5 mm would be a lot more suitable , especially for desert combat . 
  christ , can you imagine telling everyone in the uk they need to get an electric boiler !? 
  my grandparents have n't even swapped to a combi boiler yet - they 're still on a tank system !, 
  who 'll bear the costs ? 
  not in british english . 
  single quotation marks are preferred for directly quoted speech , with double inverted commas being used for a quotation within a quotation . 
  but you 're right , newspapers tend to reverse this ( like in american english ) . 
  it 's in the guardian 's style guide . 
  however , they do n't do the american thing of putting the full stop or comma * within * the quotation marks , unless the full sentence is being quoted within the quotation ... all very confusing - it means no-one ever seems to know exactly how to use punctuation in a uniform manner !, 
  it 's situations like this where you realise that such things * are * important ; without a fixed system , you get ambiguity . 
  people who have long-term , established relationships , have their careers set , are comfortable with their lot in life , and want to sign up to a legal framework that establishes their legacy and and appoints power to the courts to sort out a division of assets in case of a break-up . 
  some people really do have their lives together at 22 , you know ... 
  common law legal system , lack of a written constitution , resistance to the metric system , acceptance of nations existing below the sovereign state level , first past the post voting , morris dancing , sash windows , bogof deals . 
  our mayors do n't generally have executive authority - it 's a ceremonial position in my city . 
  it 's a council of elected members that has local executive authority .
