  bakeries could n't survive , and went out of business . 
  now you 'll usually only find them in really middle-class areas where people pay extra for ` artisan ' breads . 
  couple of exceptions , but that 's generally how it works . 
  shame really . 
  not always - some will say ` baked in-store !, 
  ' , and others will say ` made fresh in our bakery ! ' . 
  if it says ` baked ' , then that usually means bought in , but if it says ` made ' , then it should be mixed and baked . 
  they likely get the ingredients pre-measured and partially mixed and then just chuck them in industrial bread-makers . 
  any british supermarket employees want to chime ine ? 
  you do if you do n't have evidence to convict them . 
  to be fair ( ianafl ) , they could probably convict and imprison them for being aliens on french soil . 
  in the uk , entering the uk without leave can get you up to 6 months in prison . 
  if you lie to get in , it can be higher . 
  but they 're trying to get rid of them , not build ville d'arkham . 
  it really is a shit situation ... 
  could i have a link anyway , if you know where it is ? 
  absolutely correct . 
  i 've heard people start to use the american usage ( lots if american telly , i suppose ) , but ` asian ' in the uk generally refers to south asia , including bits of southern afghanistan etc. . . on our official forms , we have ` asian/british asian ' , and that refers to south asia . 
  there 'll generally be a separate box for ` chinese ' , and an ` any other asian ' , which would include all of arabia and south-east asia . 
  it 's because of our immigration history . 
  not in british english . 
  you know , the place english comes from . 
  it generally means ` south asian ' . 
  if you see ` british asian ' on a form , it does * not * mean east asia . 
  which is odd , because in the north the majority of the roma population have slovakian passports . 
  i 'm glad you enjoy it , but you 're saying it like * we 're * the odd ones doing something unusual with the language !, 
  we did invent the thing ... 
  neither has the uk . 
  people always forget about northern ireland ... 
  really ?!, 
  i 've seen wwi and ii footage of big 9-inch howitzer shells landing yards away from troops , and they seem ( fairly ) unscathed . 
  100 + metres seems * enormous * . 
  has the technology just improved a lot ? 
  the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland . 
  it 's the sovereign state . 
  like the united states , or the german federal republic . 
  it 's the body that has the central government , gives out the passports , and has the power to treat on an international level in its own right . 
  we just choose to refer to our sub-sovereign divisions as ` nations ' rather than ` states ' or ` provinces ' , because of historical reasons . 
  this might not have been the case had we federalised , but there 's never been much of an appetite for it . 
  we call it gb in the olympics because northern irish athletes can ( generally ) compete for either gb or ireland , even though in terms of international law northern ireland is a part of the uk . 
  calling it ` team uk ' would be misnomer , because of the northern ireland technicality . 
  but northern irish athletes can compete for either . 
  in fact , more compete for ` ireland ' then gb . 
  it 's a long-standing agreement . 
  it 's why we compete in the olympics as gb rather than the uk . 
  it 's a technicality , but quite an important one . 
  but we have timber-supported structures over 300 years old all over europe . 
  they did n't have engineered wood back then !, 
  what 's different about modern wood ? 
  that 's not how contracts generally work . 
  a minor incongruity between terms agreed should n't invalidate an entire contract . 
  the mistake on co2 emissions , even with bad faith , should still be a severable clause from the contract , as it does n't affect the core of the contract 's purpose ; i.e. 
  to buy a functioning vehicle . 
  this can be remedied in other ways . 
  nominal damages for breach , and getting the car to meet regulations . 
  where 's the actual loss to the consumer here ? 
  they 're still good cars . 
  whether they should be fined , to make up for the externalities of their breach , is another matter . 
  the wronged parties have been remedied - sorted . 
  gibraltar sets its own laws . 
  the uk can technically overule it , but this is n't one of those occasions where such a thing would be considered . 
  uk media will often go with ` reportedly asian male ' when the suspect has any sort of brown skin . 
  it 's a good catch-all for anyone who looks a bit foreign , but blatently is n't black . 
  however , when they are black , that 's the pc term . 
  we do n't say ` british african/afro-caribbean ' . 
  odd system . 
  also , ` diarrhoea ' and ` manoeuvre ' can do one ... 
  i have to spell out manoeuvre in my head * in french * before i can get the english spelling right . 
  we 've tried to retain the etymology of lots of words , but they end up bearing no semblance at all to our phonetic structures . 
  maybe the german police only use a semi-auto version , but the g36 is most definitely designed as ` machine gun ' . 
  a machine gun is any fully automatic firearm - does n't have to be an lmg . 
  but most of you also speak swiss standard german ' , do you not ? 
  i 've seen a switzer and an austrian have a perfectly fluent german conversation . 
  although swiss lad said he did n't speak it at home , just at work ... 
  and has basically robbed you of all your beaches ... 
  i really fancy a holiday in slovenia . 
  i 've heard high praise from other british friends , but it would be nice to be able to visit a beach , even if just for a day or two . 
  any recommendations , slovenians ? 
  * some * of the taxes . 
  iirc , councils only keep a percentage of the business rates . 
  no , the local council will get * some * of the business rates ( much of it goes to central government ) , but they certainly do n't have to spend it in that village !, 
  most of it will get spent on high density areas in the main town/city . 
  income tax from the workers ( which wo n't be much , tbh ) also goes to central government . 
  i 'll tell you what the village gets out of this - increased house prices and fewer school places !, 
  and seeing as these places rarely have more than a couple of grocers and a corner shop , the local area barely sees any improvement . 
  you see why we 're so desperate to decentralise powers away from london ? 
  not necessarily - it 's not just about raw numbers , but about layout , local economy , and amenities . 
  i live in a village of about 2,500 and growing . 
  but it 's definitely a village . 
  it has a couple of newsagents , a small primary school , a church on top of the hill , and a couple of sports fields . 
  there 's no ` local economy ' , so to speak . 
  it purely serves as a residential area for the nearest town . 
  however , the village falls under the council of the nearest town . 
  so on a census , i count towards the population of the main town . 
  10,000 would be big for a village - but if it is a seperate settlement that serves as an almost purely residential area for a larger town above it , then it can still be a village . 
  for the same reason we print names to criminal proceedings . 
  you do n't have a general right to privacy unless there 's a duty of confidence , or if someone says something defamatory/libelous about you . 
  it could if it were federal ... or at least the accountability chain would go higher than the nation-state . 
  is n't a proper trip to the seaside without a nonchalant nappie swaying in the surf !, 
  ca n't be a locking blade , and ca n't exceed 3 inches .
