  if they are designed , built , and sold by and for americans , with the profits going through a genuine company headquartered in the us , then yes they are american vehicles . 
  except the bmw x series * is n't * solely designed in america . 
  the exterior is by americans , but the interior , most of the engineering , the engine , the testing etc is mostly done in munich . 
  the ford fiesta is well over 90 % designed and engineered in europe . 
  but it 's still a ` european car ' . 
  the design , development , and testing are done in germany and britain . 
  realised that it was ridiculous developing all these cars in their european wing , and not selling them in the us . 
  the fiesta is built in mexico . 
  and whilst the hatchback model is the same ( - ish ) , in the us there 's a sedan version , which is n't sold in europe . 
  probably because americans like bigger cars , so they 're covering all the bases . 
   but the us models start at 1.6 l. 
  you can get the 1l ecoboost , but you pay a premium and they 're not common . 
  i said that , did n't i ? 
  but it 's an ` option ' for the us market , next to the 1.6 l standard . 
  they * start * at 1l here . 
  few people get the larger size . 
  you pay a premium for it . 
  not just ` britain somewhere ' !, 
  the main design centre is in essex - about an hour or so from london . 
  there 's some design done in germany , but the bulk is british . 
  though i assume it 's a fairly ` international ' workforce . 
  ye , pretty much all the cars are designed in the uk , and a bit in germany . 
  the actual headquarters are in cologne !, 
  apart from some of the compliance stuff , there 'll be very few americans involved in the design process for most fords - even the ones that are now sold in the us and canada . 
  sort of ... 
  but the us models start at 1.6 l. 
  you can get the 1l ecoboost , but you pay a premium and they 're not common . 
  in europe , most people go for a 1.0 l or 1.25 . 
  the 1.6 is the biggest engine ( outside of sport models ) . 
  so efficiency is fairly different across the different markets . 
  because the car was mainly designed and tested in the uk ( and possibly germany , though i do n't know how they share workload across their design sites ) . 
  it 's a ford europe car ( the mondeo ) exported to the us !, 
  it 's not really an ` american car ' . 
  that 's probably true , and an often overlooked idea . 
  oh , it was in english ?!, 
  impressive - presumed it was in translation !, 
  if a parent cut off a kid 's earlobe , the parents would go to prison for battery and mutilation . 
  it 's assault ; the fact that it is n't prosecuted as such is horrendous . 
  i agree , it would be difficult to police , but that 's not a reason not to do something . 
  because they want a reciprocal agreement !, 
  if you had a shared private road to get your houses , you would n't agree to let other neighbours use it if they all did n't agree to let you use it , and you did n't all agree to contribute maintenance . 
  i do n't think the british government was being too unreasonable ... 
  a proposal * to be accepted by the other side * - which they refused to do , because it hurts their negotiating position . 
  but she did make the offer ... 
  of course you can have negotiations before something has ` begun ' !, 
  when a company is going to restructure and lay a load of people off , they have to go through a consultation period with reps and unions . 
  this can take months , and there are often pre-notice promises made !, 
  this is standard in commercial contract negotiations . 
  you do n't put the staff on notice of redundancy and * then * start working out the terms , only to have to backtrack halfway through !, 
  or when you have a dispute over a deal , and you want to sue for compensation , we have protocols in the uk that specifically state that you should try and negotiate and settle as many issues as possible * before * putting in your official claim form ( which starts all the time limits ) . 
  we do this so that both sides do n't end up racking up costs and time , and the official procedure can then only deal with the * necessary * parts that can not be agreed by the parties . 
  both sides are playing hardball , likely on the advice of lawyers and professional negotiators . 
  you do n't give away a major bargaining chip unilaterally - both sides are under a * duty * to get the best deal for their own side . 
  yes , it 's petty and cruel , but it 's standard operating procedure for massive deals like this . 
  i think the whole thing would actually work a lot better if we could just apply our civil procedure code to it - we 'd have far less of this tit-for-tat bullshit !, 
  and so can the eu ... 
  this has to be reciprocal . 
  no-one wants to create legitimate expectations and lose a bargaining chip . 
  yes , it 's petty and a bit cruel , but the lawyers who will undoubtedly be in charge of the actual negotiating will treat this like any big deal . 
  it 's fairly tit for tat . 
  ussr fell apart , as they could n't govern over that area with the tax they were getting . 
  disparate economies bred discontent with the ` occupying ' force , and the people never assumed a fully ` soviet ' identity . 
  they ended up losing chunks bit by bit . 
  and even at the time , they were called ` the germans ' . 
  any ww1 account from the british side will show that the prussian side were often called ` the germans ' . 
  germany is the successor state to the prussian empire . 
  did n't realise so much debate could come out of this ... 
  it 'd be like arguing the uk did n't go to war war with the spanish because it was just england and wales at the time . 
  that 's not how it works ... edit : all right !, 
  i get it , prussia had been subsumed into the german empire by this point !, 
  but even before then , the german-speaking people 's were called ` germans ' , and had been for ages !, 
  the german empire was the successor state of the prussian kingdom , and the current german federation is the successor state of the german empire . 
  they 've always been called ` germans ' , despite not always being the same sovereign nation . 
  that does n't really hold true for the uk ... 
  the vast majority of construction and expansion in my nearest 2 cities in northern england happened from the 1800 's onwards . 
  they 're a disorganised mess . 
  no semblance of a grid pattern . 
  you 'd be lucky to find more than 3 parallel streets anywhere in the city . 
  it 's more a case of planned v unplanned cities , and the culture and priorities of that population . 
  neither are scotland or northern ireland . 
  somewhere does n't have to be a sovereign state for people to call it a ` country ' - it 's a made up concept anyway . 
  if the catalonians want to call their territory a ` country ' , then they can . 
  if you say that in a cockney accent , it instantly becomes a saucy 70 's comedy innuendo ... 
  thanks for the input , cromwell !, 
  and if the catalonians continue regardless , then spain would have no choice but to use some form of force to achieve compliance . 
  do you really think spain would be willing to descend into civil war over this ? 
  ye , i lived with a couple of germans , and we used to have a luxembourgish radio station on from time-to-time because of the music . 
  they were bavarians , and said they only understood about a 3rd of what was said . 
  anecdotally , i once met a luxembourger at a party in france . 
  he was friends with one of my german friends . 
  he was most comfortable in luxembourgish and german , but had solid french . 
  i 'm english , but we ended up chatting in french , because his english was only ` speaking-to-tourists-for-his-job ' level , so his vocab was limited . 
  but ye , i think 3 fluent languages and one passable for someone who did n't do that well in secondary school is pretty phenomenal ... 
  most british kids can barely speak english . 
  upvote for correct verb conjugation and pronoun inflection when using thou/thee !, 
  school only plays a minor part . 
  i went to school in england , and we did french from age 7 . 
  by the end of gcse , only 6 or 7 of us could string a full sentence together unaided , and only 3 of the 5 of us who did a levels could hold something resembling a fluent conversation . 
  only 2 of use took languages to university level . 
  i did languages because i found them an easy way of getting good marks .
