  it does in english as well ... not sure if the americans use it , but we do in parts of britain . 
  can be a verb as well - ` e.g. 
  that bloke 's kacked ` imsen ! ', 
  i do n't get it ... 
  the job market in austria and germany are * very * similar , especially in the big cities , it 's the same currency and language . 
  i know germans and austrians are quite aware of what makes them different countries , but for a migrant from the middle east , they might as well be the same place . 
  this ` must get to germany ' thing is completely illogical herd mentality . 
  maybe i 'm missing something really obvious as to why there is n't more of a spread of destinations ... 
  this is all a complicated game of semantics ... 
  in my view it 's perfectly fine to say you have a dislike for the general culture and behaviour of another nation . 
  behaviour of a group of people based on shared values and upbringing is n't illogical , which racism is . 
  it 's not saying ' i dislike people because they have ` russian blood ' , which makes then act in a certain way ' . 
  it 's saying ` the historical , geographical , and political background of russia has brought about a collective mindset and pattern of behaviour which i find distasteful . ', 
  however , that is n't the same as saying ' i dislike all russians because being russian makes people behave this way . ', 
  for example , i 'm not a fan of many of the traditions and rituals in a christian marriage , as it harks back to a different time when women were considered as chattels , and revered for their ` purity ' etc. 
  i think the origins of the rituals are based in oppression . 
  however , that does n't mean that every woman who chooses to have a traditional wedding is being oppressed . 
  one does n't cause the other . 
  disliking behaviour and actions based on well-considered reflection is not the same as assigning those attributes to every person who belongs to a certain class of people . 
  but to pretend we wo n't be wary of an individual 's behaviour based on what we know of that person 's background is an idealistic fantasy . 
  not being a racist is being able to put aside prejudices which stem from ethnicity ( which may be founded in experience and logic ) and reconsider that person based on how he/she actually behaves . 
  yup !, 
  it 's pretty much top of the list of things you learn in law school . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/omissions_in_english_criminal_law no criminal responsibility . 
  there 's also no general tortious ( non-criminal ) responsibility . 
  you ( or your family ) ca n't sue someone for not stopping to help you , unless you can prove that person owed a duty of care to you . 
  `` one can put the matter in political moral or economic terms . 
  in political terms it is less of an invasion of an individual 's freedom for the law to require him to consider the safety of others in his actions than to impose upon him a duty to rescue or protect . 
  a moral version of this point may be called the ` why pick on me ? ', 
  argument . '', 
  in fact , it can actually be more dangerous to go and rescue someone . 
  if you make a massive cock-up during the ` rescue ' , and unreasonably injure the person * more * , then s/he * can * sue you . 
  by starting the rescue , you assume a ` duty of care ' towards the individual , where none existed before . 
  actually under british law ( both english and scots ) there is absolutely no legal duty to help someone in danger unless you owe that person a duty of care . 
  your own child , a prisoner in your care , or someone about to be injured from a situation that you caused . 
  but if you 're just walking down the street and saw a child drowning in a half-inch puddle , you could legally just watch . 
  unlike most civil law jurisdictions , we make big distinction between acts and ommissions ( i.e. 
  a failure to act ) . 
  one is seen as legally more culpable than the other . 
  bollocks ... 
  knew i should have learnt german . 
  french and spanish were bad economic choices :(, 
  how is the issue in calais the uk 's fault !? 
  we 're not * asking * for people to cross half a dozen very rich and stable eu countries to queue up to sneak into ours . 
  i admit , we should be looking to come up with a pan-continental response to the * whole * crisis , and the uk has n't been too co-operative , but the calais thing really is n't our doing . 
  it 's french sovereign soil . 
  if they want help policing , they can bloody ask for it !, 
  but they 're very precious about their sovereignty . 
  ` high school dorm ' ? 
  do you mean ` boarding school ' ? 
  we had shooting at my boarding school in england . 
  i did n't board though , so i did n't get to do it regularly . 
  we had military cadets though , so i learnt to strip and clean rifles . 
  and fly a plane !, 
  quelle honte ... :( they do n't even * sound * the same in my dialect !, 
  technically is ... france 's constitution has a clause of ` indivisibility of the republic ' . 
  they 're colonies are literally ` france ' . 
  so , the french and the british have no cross to bear ? 
  they 'll have probably used sandblasting , not pressure washing , but yes , heavy industry made a lot of europe pretty grimy ... 
  factories , and the fact that almost everyone had open fires !, 
  when my grandparents were little , there 'd be flecks of soot on the washing . 
  things were just grimier ... 
  industrial ones in britain were/are ... we ca n't all be dutch !, 
  my mum ( in yorkshire ) lives on a road where most of the houses , including hers , are built of sandstone . 
  hers and several others have been sandblasted ( it 's how they do it , not pressure washing !, 
  ) , and others have n't . 
  the difference is staggering !, 
  things have changed , but it really did used to be grim up north :p, 
  we get a * lot * of american programming in the uk . 
  it 's cheap to import . 
  trust me - presentation and style wise , they 're a world apart !, 
  we have a load of shit tv , it 's just a lot more subtle . 
  we rely on self-deprecation and understatement . 
  american tv could n't be more different !, 
  it 's a nice idea , though i think the british and irish would feel left out . 
  i mean , i 'd be able to watch francophone media , some of which is ok , but the majority of britain and ireland are monoglots . 
  there 'd be some grumbling . 
  but it 's ok , we 'd be able to get arte !, 
  no need to - the population 's growing , despite native germans ' low birthrate . 
  we only use public school for the old elite ones . 
  about 10 % of all private schools . 
  otherwise we say private/independent . 
  it 's just the fact that we do n't use ` public school ' to mean a tax-funded school . 
  as i 'm sure you 're aware !, 
  we say ` state school ' . 
  this is the bit that confuses all the foreigners ... 
  i think this also answers another question about the uk ; is the education experience consistent across the country ? 
  probably a resounding no  though i 'll agree , private schools are probably more common here than a lot of other places , and not necessarily a sign of above-normal wealth . 
  if you get a 50 % scholarship , you can go to a decent private school for # 6,000 a year . 
  very manageable for anyone remotely middle class who 's good at managing finances . 
  you might have to sacrifice a new car and and expensive holiday , but a lot of people are happy to make the ` sacrifice ' . 
  in the uk , about 8 or 9 % attend private schools . 
  old figures say around 7 % , but it 's gone up since then . 
  it 's not evenly spread around the uk though . 
  scotland and wales it 's hardly any , north of england it 's a few rich pockets , though the schools are generally cheaper in these areas . 
  the majority of the public schools ( not ` public ' , but old elite private schools which were originally opened to cater for the wealthy middle classes ) are in the south of england . 
  saying that though , i went to a private secondary school in the north of england . 
  i 'm not from a rich family . 
  earn about 20 % more than the national average . 
  there were poorer kids there than i was at the school .
