  if the eu wants a truly unified europe , then it ca n't treat some countries as ` inferior ' just for political expedience . 
  it engenders resentment . 
  if you sign an trade deal with the eu , you ca n't reject * products * from certain countries . 
  i think the eu is doing the right thing in bringing up this issue . 
  ` eu citizenship ' is an established concept , and the inferred equality that the concept embodies should n't be waved aside because of the americans ( who are frankly hypocritical bullies when it comes to international relations ) . 
  not at all !, 
  ( it gets on my nerves how it devolves into unsubstantiated strawman arguments ... ) was it on there ? 
  i know it because i 'm a law graduate - funny coincidence if it cropped up . 
  english law has a similar little quirk . 
  annulling a marriage ( more drastic than divorce , as there 's no upkeep payment ) is possible where it can be shown that the marriage was never consummated . 
  this cause of action is * only * available to heterosexual couples . 
  not that it 's used very often - it 's a bit archaic . 
  it ca n't ` push them through ' - all laws are put before both houses of parliament . 
  if the commons say ` no ' , then that 's the end of it . 
  the lords have recently put forward a bill to raise the age of criminal responsibility to 12 . 
  i suspect it 'll get rejected by the commons , but it at least forces them to debate the issue . 
  they also do a lot of technical legislation , as well as going through older legislation and picking up bits that are inconsistent , or do n't quite meet equality standards . 
  this is all really important work , and if it were n't done by a second chamber , then we 'd be relying on civil servants . 
  the lords have all their parliamentary sessions and committee meetings recorded , and are very transparent . 
  it 's a good forum for this sort of lawmaking , and removes some of the ` politics ' from the process . 
  why should n't they draft their own laws ? 
  the hol is full of experts . 
  mainly by the house of lords appointments commission ( which is supposedly independent ) . 
  although the ( elected ) government can also appoint people . 
  sometimes this is done so that someone can join the government who has n't been elected . 
  the prime minister has n't been a member of the lords for decades , and probably would n't be accepted these days , but there 's no good reason the secretary of state for transport ( for example ) should n't be chosen by the government . 
  they also tend to throw in enough people of their own party at the beginning of a term so as to tip the voting numbers in lords in favour of the government . 
  that 's why there are over 800 of them - there are a lot of purely political appointments . 
  that 's the broken bit of the lords . 
  i do n't mind the technocratic side . 
  they have loads of commissions and working groups that look at current issues that the government have n't got time for . 
  they 've recently been reviewing and taking evidence on the future of self-driving vehicles in the uk . 
  what laws would be needed , hurdles to overcome , how insurance would work etc. . . 
  i would n't want to get rid of things like that . 
  they do have law-making power . 
  many laws get drafted and started in the house of lords . 
  the only difference is that the commons can push through a bill without the lords ' consent , but not vice versa . 
  but it 's * very * rare that that happens . 
  it 's a mini constitutional crisis every time it does . 
  in terms of marriage rights , yes ... 
  i 've nothing against decentralised decision making . 
  in fact , germany 's federal system is arguably more ` devolved ' than our hotch-potch system . 
  but even the us ' ` small government ' federation applied gay marriage across the board at the federal level . 
  northern ireland still does n't allow abortion or gay marriage . 
  these are n't things that other states - even highly decentralised ones - leave to the local level , as they 're seen as issues that affect the rights that go right to the heart of citizenship rights and liberties . 
  we 'll legislate on the minutiae of northern ireland 's taxation system from london , but we would n't dare touch something with a 10ft barge pole if it 'll upset the power-sharing balance !, 
  there 's good data to show that most northern irish residents would have no problem with social reform in these areas . 
  it 's mostly just political pig-pigheadedness at this point . 
  i think we 're doing a disservice by our fellow british citizens by letting these issued get used as political footballs ; it 's cowardice . 
  * except adoption rights ( like germany ) that 's fairly massive in terms of rights ... 
  we 're literally a theocracy in pure constitutional terms . 
  but you 're right , in reality we have a fairly secular administration . 
  there are odd bits here and there though that would * never * get through in most european countries . 
  it 's still law that all primary schools should have some form of religious worship ( with the majority being christian ) every day . 
  although i think most schools ignore that rule ... 
  * and the uk . 
  everyone forgets northern ireland . 
  but in my opinion it puts us in a * worse * position than germany , because at least their * almost * - there system applies to * all * citizens . 
  edit : looks like this new slovenian gay ` marriage ' is just like the german one - i.e. 
  not called ` marriage ' , and does n't allow adoption as a couple . 
  moral high ground thwarted !, 
  no they do n't ... you could equally say * 48 % * see the anglo-sphere as a priority over europe !, 
  more people * do n't think * the eu is the most important partner than do . 
  seems we 're a very divided nation when it comes to our political and constitutional future !, 
  but we already knew that ... 
  oh , like the name siobh\u00e1n ?!, 
  so it could be spelt ` shio\u1e03\u00e1n ' ? 
  or is that a different thing ? 
  english uses it the same way . 
  it 's called a diaeresis . 
  usually used in loanwords . 
  na\u00efve , zo\u00eb , and ( bit old fashioned ) co\u00f6peration . 
  it just means the vowel is voiced anew , rather than following normal pronunciation conventions . 
  they 're often not used , as people just learn what a word should sound like . 
  english has so many phonetic quirks in written language , that it hardly hurts to throw a few more in !, 
  the middle number of a set of numbers . 
  5 people ages 18 , 20 , 21 , 22 , and 90 walk into a bar . 
  the median age is 21 . 
  the mean is 34 . 
  the median * helps * to get rid of outliers and anomalies , but sometimes it 's more helpful to just limit you range to the data you actually care about . 
  i 'd like to see average gdp/capita , but less - say - the top and bottom 2 % of earners . 
  i think that 'd give a much more accurate representation of what most people actually make . 
  to be fair , we 're an absolute bastard for getting stats !, 
  a lot of our stats are done by the institutions that run them . 
  so a lot of health statistics are done separately ( england , scotland , wales , ni ) . 
  but crime and prisons are done by jurisdiction , so england & wales are done together , then the other two separately . 
  some are all of gb , but not ni . 
  some are all of uk . 
  you ca n't always lump the stats together , as they do n't come out at the same time , and do n't always use the same methods . 
  they also do n't always look at the same things . 
  this is what happens when you try and run a country that thinks it 's 4 countries , and you try and please everyone at once ... 
  to be fair , some british cities have central hot water systems . 
  sheffield burns some of the household waste it ca n't recycle , and then sends the hot water out . 
  but it 's only really used by city centre businesses and large blocks of flats . 
  i do n't think any individual residential houses use it . 
  not at all !, 
  we use combi boilers , like this : https://www.worcester-bosch.co.uk/products/boilers/directory hot water then goes round radiators . 
  they 're very safe these days !, 
  i thought this was common throughout europe . 
  certainly is in france , germany , and benelux .
