  it 's actually the diameter of the inner lands of the helical rifling . 
  it 's a more old-fashioned way of measuring calibres , but is the standard for nato ( and most of europe ) . 
  the bullet gets squeezed down the barrel , and actually deforms a bit where the rifling creates grooves in the side of it . 
  the bullet diameter is actually about 5.67 mm , or 0.224 '' ( the american way of measuring is much closer to true bullet diamter , rather than being a nominal calibre . ), 
  they really do n't ... we study a bit of eu on uk law courses , and unless someone opts to take foreign law modules , they 're not done . 
  even within the uk , it can be hard to work outside of the applicable jurisdiction . 
  someone with and english/welsh law degree ca n't work in scotland . 
  you 'd have to take a postgraduate conversion course in scotland , then take the scottish professional qualification . 
  another two years ' studying . 
  northern ireland 's a bit easier . 
  eu law says you can ask someone to requalify with a maximum of three years ' extra study ( where the subject is similar ) . 
  so you 'd have to do a german law degree ( unless they have a shorter postgraduate conversion course of which i 'm unaware , but i doubt it ... ), 
  no , never said that . 
  it 's been far from ideal , especially given how much we rely on services and the finance sector . 
  i was just answering the question , ` what is the alternative if we get no deal ? ', 
  wto rules ... like most other countries . 
  i think that 's been said multiple times !, 
  that still * is * a problem ... all they did was basically say that english mps will get first chance to discuss and amend legislation that only affects england ( or wales , as most criminal matters are still joint ) . 
  final votes are still done on a uk basis though . 
  and it 's going to become * more * pronounced now !, 
  the conservatives are being propped up by scot tories and the dup in northern ireland . 
  they 're going to * have * to vote on english legislation , otherwise the tories ca n't govern ... 
  no , that needs congressional support . 
  i 'm hoping they leave 99 % of the work to the lawyers and professional negotiators ... we have an exceptional professional services sector - this is one of those times when * minimal * input from politicians would be appreciated !, 
  i get that they need to make final decisions on certain aspects , but that should be done * through * representatives - not over pissing twitter , or through side comments to the press !, 
  both are fine , but have different connotations , depending on emphasis . 
  well , bugger me ... 
  i thought it was like 15 of them . 
  bad example then - i may try and come up with another !, 
  civil partnerships , decriminalisation of homosexuality , equalisation of the age of consent , recognition of gay marriages performed in other jurisdictions ( though they 'll be treated as civil partnerships ) , adoption rights for gays and the unwed ( ban lifted 2013 ) , etc. . . 
  compared with half the world , they 're doing quite well ... thing is , ` they ' are not a third world country , ` they ' are * the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland !, 
  ' * the us has banned the death penalty in every state bar a handful , but we still say ` the us has the death penalty ' . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , this should be looked at in the same way : * in the uk * , gay marriage and abortion are illegal . 
  does n't matter that it only applies to a few square miles - it is permitted to occur on british soil to british citizens . 
  it * should * cause more outrage - both at home and amongst our international peers . 
  yes , i meant nothing derogatory by it !, 
   upper class she is n't actually upper class herself ... 
  remember , we still have a nobility !, 
   right to marry cousins to be fair , this is already legal in the uk , and most of europe ... 
  well , abortion and gay marriage are still illegal in northern ireland , and that 's after a * compromise * ... 
  but classical liberalism and libertarianism also differ !, 
  mainly in the ay they see the role of the state . 
  you can be a liberal and still believe that rights can be enforced positively by the state through regulation , and can still seek to moderate the imbalance of power between competing interests . 
  libertarians tend to believe that self-imposed collective action is the way of achieving these outcomes , and that strict application of the rules of contract will eventually lead to an equilibrium . 
  the labour party has an ideological view on how wealth and power should be spread within society , and then legislate to achieve those aims . 
  ` personal autonomy ' is a means , not an * end in itself * , and that 's a massive philosophical difference between them !, 
  it 's the whole ` collectivism ' v ` individualism ' thing , which is at the heart of the liberal philosophy . 
  you ca n't just stick these parties in basic ` left/right ' camps . 
  there are very prominent ` liberal conservatives ' within the tory party , just as there are same more ` statist ' individuals within the liberal democrats . 
  ` progressive ' would n't be a bad label for the labour party , though they 're basically arguing to revert to a post-war philosophy with a digital-age twist ... 
  well , to be fair , the uk has also traditionally always been two * main * parties . 
  but due to a mixture of smaller constituencies , fair funding rules for third parties , air time for third parties , and all-round voter stubbornness , we keep voting in a handful of minority parties . 
  i suppose in the us , corbyn would have to run as a democrat ( he 's roughly in the same vein as sanders ) , and force the rest of the party to get in line with his agenda ( which is what he 's had to do here , tbh ! ), 
  but it 's not first past the post that results in a the us ' pure two-party system - mathematically , there 's no good reason you could n't have it . 
  well , we 're not talking about america - we 're talking about the uk , where liberal does n't have to mean ` left ' . 
  most liberals tend to be centrist , and anti large taxes . 
  in terms of the political spectrum , corbyn is a statist democratic socialists . 
  he wants to raise the amount of tax the rich pay ( which would still be less than , say , france ) , renationalise some infrastructure ( e.g. 
  trains and energy ) , and increase spending on public services . 
  it 's fairly run-of-the-mill leftist stuff . 
  but he 's not a ` liberal ' - he does n't base his policies around rights to individual liberty and property as the basis of the role of the state . 
  labour are n't ` liberals ! ' !, 
  stop using american terminology !, 
  they 're democratic socialists , with an authoritarian streak !, 
  depends which part of the country you ask ... brexit meant different things to different people . 
  that 's why all the lost ukip votes have been split between both labour * and * the conservatives . 
  we 're a muddled bunch ... 
  not sure he 's as clever as varoufakis , 
  it 's more a case of unionists voting tactically for conservatives ... 
  which is a result of fptp !, 
  then again , it is producing some fascinating results !, 
  proportional representation would n't be as popcorn worthy ... 
  he certainly is n't ` liberal ' - at least not by our standards !, 
  he 's too far left to be liberal ... 
  yes , that 's probably the best way to describe it !, 
  culturally distinct ` nations ' of people within an umbrella sovereign state !, 
  however , unlike the uk , i think most young belgians identify as ` belgian ' before identifying as ` flemish ' or ` walloon ' . 
  in the uk , if you ask people ` what country are you from ' , people are just as likely to reply with their home nation as they are with ` britain ' . 
  usually when they get the full hard shoulder , then they get the 'm ' designation , though they remain an a road for continuity purposes . 
  e.g the a1 ( m ) . 
  it 's also confusing that we can have a ` dual carriageway ' that 's a 60mph limit , and a dual carriageway that 's a 70mph limit . 
  i think it becomes a motorway when the dept. 
  for transport says it does ... 
  what amuses me is how it just creates that border between north and south belgium  language aside , i 've always felt like flanders and wallonia were basically different countries , and here 's more proof !, 
  canada has a big issue in that it imports a lot of products from the us - especially in the construction industry !, 
  you ca n't go full metric when loads of your building materials are made to inch-size standards !, 
  that 's * less * of an issue in the uk , as from the 70s onwards we started importing more and more from the eu , and the eu started setting some building safety standards , as well as standards for manufacturing processes . 
  what we ended up doing a lot though was ` soft metrication ' . 
  a ` standard door ' is advertised as 1982mm x 762mm - i.e. 
  6ft6in x 30in . 
  http://www.diy.com/departments/4-panel-knotty-pine-internal-unglazed-door-h1981mm-w762mm/26946_bq.prd and there are really obscure things , like the load strength needed for an internal balustrade or banister is 0.32 or 0.76 kn/m ( depending on usage ) , which is just converted from 25 or 50 lbf/ft . 
  but if it 's a public building , and the barrier fits certain criteria , then it falls under eu regs , and has to meet standards designed around the metric system . 
  however , i think with the exception of burma and liberia ( which are n't really comparable , and burma has some of its own units that have no relation to imperial ) , the uk and the us are the only tow countries on the planet that still use miles , feet , and yards on the roads !, 
  we must be a serious irritation for car manufacturers ... 
  especially the uk , as we 're a fairly small market in comparison with the us . 
  yes , it 's still fairly common !, 
  especially for the weights of humans and large animals . 
  ( e.g. 
  i know my weight is 10st 4 and quarter lbs , but i only know what it is roughly in kilos . 
  i 'd have to do a conversion ) .
