  but , * in theory * , we 'll now have about # 250m a week extra to spend how we want ( not # 350m , but it 's still significant ) . 
  it 'll probably all get spent on that train that no-one wants though ... 
  actually , that 's a genuinely good idea !, 
  but i think that would require the eu to have its own tax authority ... eu policy makers are very wary at the moment of doing things that make the eu look more and more like a country in its own right , and setting up its own tax collection is one of them . 
  * sees username erm ... 
  i think it was technically the upper middle classes . 
  the aristocracy had fox-hunting and polo to keep them entertained . 
  but yes , you can spot a true posho when you hear ` rugger ' , i 'll give you that !, 
  this is pretty much the definition of america 's ` soft power ' . 
  i do n't begrudge the continentals - you just want to be unambiguous and understood by the most people . 
  we brits understand ae , but the opposite is n't true . 
  but it does mean british english gets gradually more and more eroded . 
  i think a lot of europeans do n't even realise they 're using american english . 
  then young brits pick up on it , and everyone forgets we used to have our own way of saying certain things . 
  understandable , but a bit sad . 
  maybe i should set up a novelty ` british english translation ' alternative ( not ` alternate ' , someone should tell the americans those words are n't synonymous ! ), 
  - i 'm not sure it could support the karma deficit ... 
  in the uk we just call it ` table-football ' ( or ` table footie ' ) . 
  i 'd have to think about it if someone said ` fu\u00dfball ' . 
  that does n't make them the ` bad guys ' - just badly organised with little forethought !, 
  i think to be the ` bad guy ' , you need to prove some sort of malice . 
  the overall intention of the intervention was * generally * a good one . 
  ableness is a word - just a bit outdated . 
  similarly , capacity , capability , and capableness all mean similar-but-not-quite-the-same thing . 
  i know the * intention * is n't ( necessarily ) there , and it 's what 's been done in the past , but that does n't mean that language does n't matter and that we should n't try to change it . 
  in the same way that when people say things like ` fireman ' as the catch-all for men and women , or ` chinaman ' for all east asian-looking people . 
  there may not be any * intention * to exclude people , or propagate outdated ideas , but that 's the reality of what language does . 
  and you may say that ` oh , england just means britain in this context !, 
  ' , but that 's not really the case . 
  because when people talk about the scots or the welsh , they consider them as ` subjugated ' parts of the empire , that had to put up with what the english wanted to do . 
  no , the english did n't always treat their partners with respect , but it does further the idea that all the ` bad stuff ' of the empire was the english , and the rest of the uk wanted nothing to do with it . 
  it associates ` england ' with ` evil empire ' . 
  truth is , plenty of scots/welsh/irish also donned red coats , and were ordered to do some fairly awful things by their scottish/welsh/irish commanders and politicians . 
  because countries have legal and cultural personalities all of their own . 
  borders , trade treaties , political agreements , etc can last for centuries . 
  indeed , the anglo-portuguese treaty of 1373 is * still in force * !, 
  you ca n't wash your hands of things your nation did simply because it was n't * you * in particular . 
  i mean , * you can * , but the collective relationships that exist at the national level - between tribes/regions/nations - could n't exist without collective memory , responsibility , and co-operation . 
  these relationships transcend individual human lives . 
  by their nature , they have to , or they 're meaningless . 
  * british * plenty of scottish lords and armies attacked the irish - especially after the stewarts came to the throne . 
  i do n't know why it gets laid purely at the feet of the english . 
  and plenty of irish ( as part of the british empire ) committed atrocities elsewhere in the empire , including india . 
  i know it 's a bit of a ` whataboutism ' , but i think in this case it 's an important distinction . 
  it was the british * state * that allowed things like this to happen , and encouraged them . 
  a state made up of elite representatives from all over the land . 
  saying ` it was the english ' is n't pointing to purely political decisions of the state - the ` english ' are a cultural and ethnic group , with no state of their own . 
  you 're actually blaming ` the people ' rather than the nation-state . 
  obviously , if you 're only talking about atrocities committed pre-1700 , then carry on - but i do n't think you were !, 
  but they were fairly far off with the 2015 uk general election . 
  they predicted a hung parliament - the tories got a majority . 
  although it 's probably to do with our voting system . 
  when you have multiple parties in a first past the post system , even tiny errors can get multiplied , as you only need a plurality in each constituency . 
  it only took an error of about 3 % to translate into dozens more seats in parliament . 
  under the french system , this would n't have happened . 
  they 'd have polled for the possibilities in a run-off of 1v1 , rather than multiple parties , and the margins would have been nowhere near as close . 
  we 'd have had a much better idea of who would win which constituencies . 
  * maths it 's even plural in french !, 
  do n't know why you 'd change it ... 
  he 's polling at about 60 % in a second round v le pen ... 
  unless something drastic changes in 6 weeks , he 's won it . 
  at least they get a chance to express their real opinion in the first round ... a lot of us in the uk have to do that off the bat , because of the voting system . 
  i 'm the most luke-warm labour voter you could get - but it 's either them or ukip . 
  glad to see the french at least have a full spectrum on the voting cards !, 
  the swiss and belgians have it together - septante , huitante and nonante ftw !, 
  i tend to use them when i speak french - saves me doing mental arithmetic every time i want to say a number . 
  and no , after living there for a year and having a degree in it , it does n't really get any easier or begin to make more sense . 
  it 's not like i owe the french any linguistic allegiance ; most of them seem to speak american anyway , so i feel no guilt pinching easier vocab from other francophones . 
  my grandparents still have a milkman . 
  fun fact : milk in reusable containers ( i.e. 
  the classic milk bottle ) is one of only three items that can still * legally * be sold ( and itemised on the bill ) in an imperial measurement . 
  the other two are beer/cider on draught , and precious metals by the troy ounce . 
  all other items must have the metric measurement on the bill , and can only have the imperial measurement as a ` supplementary ' measurement . 
  although butchers in rotherham do n't seem to have paid much attention to that rule ... 
  but do n't also assume they do n't ... we 're talking about millions of people , some of whom are degree-holding academics . 
  you * could * even describe them as ` experts ' , but i do n't want to be accused of libel ... 
  but we were n't voting as home nations , we were voting as one nation-state . 
  whilst i agree that the thing was won on incredibly thin margins which would n't count in many countries with proper constitutions , i do n't think your * particular * argument holds any weight . 
  we 're not a federal system - we 're a unitary state ( although we do n't really act like it ) . 
  it was a vote for every citizen . 
  now , whether we * should * be a federal state is a different question !, 
  and one i hope gains more traction ... 
  a lot of very clever people also voted for it ... 
  you see , the problem is that you stipulated our acceptable banana dimensions to facilitate trade on standard contracts , and help to resolve commercial disputes . 
  we like to be * surprised * by our tropical fruit sizes , for heaven 's sake !, 
  what 's more , you measured them in millimetres and grammes rather than good , reliable , great british inches and ounces , so it was like a * double * kick in sovereignty ... 
  yep !, 
  and even those famous ` british rock bands ' are effectively playing american music with a slight british twist . 
  once jazz , rnb , and rock got to us in the 50s , we just emulated it . 
  even the accents and vocabulary of most british bands is basically american . 
  if you listen to the beatles first album , they actually sound like liverpudlians trying to do an impression of american rock , but from the second album on , they just sang like americans . 
  if you want to hear what ` british ' music sounded like before american influence , you have to go back to wwii and before ( but even then , we were getting things like glenn miller , and it filtered through to our own big band arrangements ) . 
  we 'd been getting american jazz since the 20s - it was very much a one-way culture sharing ... ( apart from perhaps punk - but it was very short-lived , and still based on rock and roll ) . 
  it was n't until the early 2000s when it became ` cool ' for british bands to start playing up their own accents and idioms , but it was still done off the backs of american music . 
  ( and before people start telling me singing is ` accentless ' , that 's bollocks !, 
  we 're just used to hearing american accents in music , and anything that deviates from it is classed as singing in ` an accent ' - just put jessie j next to lilly allen , and you 'll see what i mean ) . 
  everyone speaks with an accent ... for europeans , it tends to be a weird british/american hybrid with hints of the native language . 
  if you mean they 've just got rid of the main features of their own accent that conflict with english pronunciation , then i can believe that . 
  but i 've met people who 've lived in the uk since before they were 10 - you can still tell they 're not natives . 
  what have donkeys got to do with it ?
