  i know the uk had good intentions moving to a non-streamed education system , but i do n't think it 's been good for a lot of young people . 
  i wonder why the newcastle area fares so much worse than the others ? 
  it was pretty much the bedrock of the whole deal - ` mutual recognition ' , rather than ` harmonisation ' . 
  the us is pretty much the only nation in the world with this sort of political and economic clout . 
  the us was going to be allowed to maintain its own machine safety standards , animal welfare standards , pharmaceutical standard , the works !, 
  contrast this with the uk , which had to fight tooth and nail for 30 years to keep selling draught beer by the pint ... 
  to be fair , the eu allows eu companies or individuals in one member state to sue other eu countries for damages caused to that individual by not correctly applying eu law . 
  breaching the eu treaties . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/francovich_v_italy having and investor-state dispute mechanism is basically just this - it sets up a third party court that enforces the treaties signed between the eu and other sovereign bodies . 
  the other option would be to do what the eu does , and force * domestic * courts to recognise the supremacy of the treaty over domestic law . 
  no other country would agree to this !, 
  * especially * not the us . 
  in fact , it 's pretty incredible that eu countries have been able to cede so much of their domestic power to a foreign body . 
  the fact that it 's taken over 40 years for a country to ask to leave is pretty mind-boggling in terms of how unprecedented the eu project is . 
  the eu has managed to make the sort of power-sharing arrangements possible through treaties and collaboration , where it was erstwhile only possible through empire and invasion . 
  that 's not what it means . 
  it merely puts a limit on the dualist nature of international and domestic law as per the uk 's political constitution . 
  triggering article 50 is an act of the crown . 
  exercised by the government on the plane of international law . 
  this was accepted . 
  but triggering article 50 leads to the inevitable consequence of making the european communities act devoid of effect . 
  the european communities act creates rights for citizens . 
  only parliament can remove rights that parliament bestowed . 
  the royal prerogative can not be used to effectively bypass rights created by parliament , even if they are * technically * separate planes of law . 
  that 's all this case does . 
  it simply builds on established law from the 1940 's . 
  nothing to do with ` royal prerogative and referanda ' . 
  and china 's biggest export partner is the us , despite their being a 1/3 of a world away from each other ... until we joined the common market , the uk accounted for over 90 % of new zealand 's exports . 
  goods can be shipped , and our services exports may be massively boosted by trading principally with english-speaking nations . 
  did i miss the second referendum ? 
  a few polls have suggested a shift , but we 're still well within the margin if error . 
  other polls have shown views to have hardened . 
  unless you 're omniscient ... 
  it 's a fair question !, 
  and , honestly , constitutional lawyers and politics students have been asking the same question for over hundred years . 
  house of lords reform is done by every law student in the uk . 
  basically , we do n't like big changes in the uk . 
  it would completely uproot the political system . 
  if you had them elected , then there would n't be a good argument for limiting their powers ( as is currently the system - the commons can overrule the lords if push comes to shove ) . 
  when two chambers of parliament can overrule each other , the whole thing can quickly descend into farce ( see france , or the us ! ), 
  - confidence in government relies on the ability to get things done . 
  we do n't have a system of ` compromise ' in britain - it 's winner takes it all , and creating gridlock undermines that system ( whether you agree with the adversarial first-past-the-post system is a different matter ) . 
  the other question is : what would you replace them with ? 
  and if you 're saying ` elect them ' - we 'd be politicising the process . 
  currently , the lords are only notionally ` political ' . 
  many of the members have a ` party ' , but it 's not enforced to * anywhere near * the same level . 
  once you 're in ( and for some , that 's a birthright ) , you 're in for life !, 
  you do n't have to suck up to political leaders to climb the ladder . 
  it 's a system slightly detached from the fast-lane politics of the commons . 
  it 's anachronistic , but * it seems to work * . 
  like the monarchy ; if it 's not broken , do n't fix it . 
  and , yes , maybe it 's a * bit * broken - but we 're not sure that * fixing it * would n't have a million and one unforeseen consequences . 
  * and make and draft them . 
  laws can start in either house . 
  very few of them are actually aristocrats . 
  the majority are industry experts , academics , scientists , businessmen etc. 
  they do a lot of the committee work . 
  they scrutinise bills , and check that they 're not logically flawed , or contrary to the powers of government . 
  they also generally have committees and commissions look at future policy . 
  self-driving cars !, 
  http://www.parliament.uk/business/committees/committees-a-z/lords-select/science-and-technology-committee/inquiries/parliament-2015/autonomous-vehicles/ they also write a lot of laws . 
  laws can be started in the lords - often the technical and boring ones . 
  for further info : http://www.parliament.uk/business/lords/, 
  she could refuse to grant royal assent the the law . 
  it 'd be a constitutional crisis if she did , but it 's only tradition that she does n't . 
  and she meets with the prime minister weekly to discuss what 's going on . 
  she apparently sometimes offers quite persuasive ` counsel ' . 
  some grammarians would argue ` their ' should only be used for plurals . 
  ` his ' is an accepted gender-neutral term , and is used like that for all laws written in the uk . 
  so it was a pointless correction , and arguably incorrect . 
  ` sidewalk ' is n't just a path - it 's a pavement . 
  i mean , why the hell would you call the thing you walk on at the side of the road a ` sidewalk ' ? 
  sweet german handouts ? 
  it 's set in salzburg , but the von trapps escape to switzerland at the end to escape the nazis . 
  so austria would n't have julie andrews * any more * !, 
  we pretty much gave up on windows when we stopped fitting timber sash windows as standard . 
  we went from having the most elegant window design on the planet , to cheap pvc shit that 's horrendous for the environment , looks like crap , and wo n't last more than 40 years . 
  but you 're right about window rods . 
  my grandparents ' ones are 100 years old . 
  they 've had some of the windows changed to timber-framed double glazing units . 
  they 've just transferred accross the old furniture - nothing wrong with it !, 
  all the screws attached , obviously . 
  ` controls ' = ` checking vans and lorries ' . 
  i really doubt there 's be different tarrifs between ni and the rest of the uk . 
  under the current constitution , that 's be like sardinia having different customs rules from italy . 
  unless ni gets turned into a crown dependency ? 
  actually , while i 'm on the subject , what 's happening to the channel islands ? 
  i 'm fairly sure ` greater sovereignty ' was the backbone of the argument !, 
  from all leave campaigners ... and you 're right . 
  pretty much no-one argued for ` more unity ' because it would have been political suicide . 
  we 're a eurosceptic nation . 
  those wanting a proper confederation ( or more ! ), 
  are few and far between - especially outside of university classrooms . 
  though i 'll agree - the tone and comportment of the campaign , from both sides , was fucking abysmal !, 
  depends . 
  the tories were the protectionist party in the uk in the 19th century . 
  the liberals were the opposition , and were very pro-free trade . 
  liberalism can be both left and right wing , depending on its implementation and attached ideology . 
  vat is n't too shabby either ... that could go up a bit !, 
  good trains , mountains , watches , and julie andrews ?
