  but having an actual * flagpole * is very odd . 
  there 's one on my mum 's street - at least 30ft tall - and it is n't a dirt-poor area . 
  suspect , to say the least ... 
  because french is the second most studied language after english in europe ... 
  outside of the tourist hotspot in the centre , it 's fairly filthy , with rather haphazard town planning in the suburbs , and pretty shitty ` modern ' architecture . 
  the town centre is a living museum , with nary a square inch of space to build up-to-date facilities for a european superstate . 
  vienna would be a superb city for administrative facilities . 
  the infrastructure is superb . 
  google says it was over 1.8 million in 2011 . 
  i 'm going to presume it 's gone up by a few thousand since then . 
  unless we 're talking about different northern irelands ... or , you 're from the 80 's !, 
  but you still should get the same annual leave allocation ... 
  i suppose you could take saint andrew 's day off with the extra day you should get added to your personal annual leave ? 
  i get that we 're supposed to be a liberal , ` low regulation ' society , but i feel employers should have to justify not giving standard bank holidays . 
  working 's generally miserable , but bank holidays are one of the few times that you know all your friends are going to be off on the same day . 
  not sure !, 
  never really thought about it , you 'd have to ask a ni resident . 
  but i know northern ireland have a bank holiday today - they get the day off work !, 
  scotland , wales , and northern ireland all have more bank holidays than england . 
  we do n't get our saint 's day off , and there are a couple of others specific to the smaller home nations . 
  how can you tell ? 
  they pronounce d 's and t 's the same after vowels . 
  well , seeing as northern ireland is part of the uk , you 've got a couple of million there who actually have him as a patron saint . 
  then there 's the people with irish relatives and parentage ( i know quite a few ) , and then you 've got the people who like to go out for a drink ... 
  which is a lot of us !, 
  the americanisation of it has meant that the tradition has been ` reimported ' ( like halloween and christmas ) . 
  shower thought : do you reckon that spelling came about because americans pronounce ` t ' as 'd ' after vowels , so the spelling is a bastardised transliteration , or is it just a coincidence ? 
  that 's not really true ... more educated people tend to vote for centre-right liberal parties . 
  the uk had the liberals v. tories for centuries until the end of wwi , then labour came in because the uneducated plebiscite became enfranchised . 
  the uneducated are likely to vote populist , be it left or right . 
  to be fair , when we had a coalition in 2010 , the lib dems said they 'd prioritise the tories for a coalition because they got a higher vote share . 
  we just do n't end up in that situation very often ... 
  so they 're actual liberals ? 
  not the bastardised american version of ` liberals ' ... 
  the uk has the same voting system - whilst there are 2 * main * parties , we have almost exactly the same number of minority parties as the french parliament , and they have 2-round system . 
  so , yes fptp has a * tendency * towards two main parties , but a population with even a modicum of political engagement can overcome it . 
  saying that , our parliament is arguably not as * representative * as the french one , but that 's a different argument - point is you do n't have to have just 2 parties . 
  canada also manages it , to a slightly lesser extent . 
  i mean , * technically * , it 's possible for less than 0.01 % of the population to vote to get representation in the uk . 
  the scottish island of na h-eileanan an iar only has about 21,000 people living on it , and they get their own mp . 
  since you only need a plurality , with several candidates only a few thousand of those people need to vote to get an mp . 
  out of population of knocking on for 68,000,000 , that 's not very many ... 
  no time limit , or residency requirement . 
  you do n't even have to be a registered voter !, 
  http://www.electoralcommission.org.uk/__data/assets/pdf_file/0019/173017/ukpge-part-1-can-you-stand-for-election.pdf you literally just have to have the passport from any of like 50 + countries . 
  although it 's hard to do if you 're not legally resident , as the job requires you to attend parliament . 
  for voting , you do have to be legally resident in the uk . 
  but it does n't have to be your permanent home . 
  a student from pakistan could be here for 6 months as a student , and if it happens to fall on election day and you 've registered to vote , then that 's that . 
  colonial guilt , maybe ? 
  it 's the same in the uk , and i do n't think that poster explained well . 
  you have to go to your local polling station . 
  they have a physical paper list with your name on it and your address . 
  they then cross you off when you cast your vote . 
  you ca n't just go to any station . 
  but there are lots of them , so queues are generally very small . 
  ours is in an old victorian school hall which is now used as a community centre . 
  the uk lets all commonwealth and irish citizens living in the uk vote in national elections ( and stand for election !, 
  we could have a canadian pm ) , but not eu residents ... commonwealth countries do n't reciprocate this privilege . 
  i think eu citizens can vote in local elections . 
  because it could be an overt religious symbol , obviously ... 
  just saying , the court ruling would allow a company to ban the wearing of religious jewellery . 
  in fact it 's fairly essential for the ban to be upheld . 
  companies ca n't just ban head coverings . 
  they have to ban all overt religious and political jewellery and attire . 
  as a common law lawyer , i had to do a double take on that one !, 
  for us , court decisions * are * law - funny how 25 miles of sea can completely change legal philosophy ... 
  that 's what independence would have done - the crown is indivisible to start with , but it has a separate legal personality in each of the sovereign states which derive their authority from the crown . 
  canada , australia , the uk etc. 
  if you look at the snp 's interim constitution above , it 's at part 2 . 
  ` sovereignty of the people ' . 
  scotland would be an independent sovereign nation in the event of independence . 
  that 's pretty much the point of the whole thing . 
  at the moment ... not that i do n't think it should have more , with better democratic input . 
  her current title in relation to scotland is ` queen of the united kingdom ' . 
  she 's queen of scotland by virtue of its being in the uk . 
  last time , it was proposed scotland would keep the queen and be part of the commonwealth . 
  the uk constitutional commission did a draft constitution calling it ` the kingdom of scotland ' . 
  http://constitutionalcommission.org/production/byre/images/assets/file/resources%20folder/cc_draft_constitution.pdf the snp put forward their own interim constitution , and they just called it ` scotland ' , but it was still going to remain a constitutional monarchy . 
  the last person i knew who did that was my great grandmother ; she was born in 1910 ... 
  i like cucumber skin !, 
  it 's where the flavour is . 
  i sometimes half peel courgettes though - the skin 's quite bitter , and taking half of it off balances it out a bit . 
  i think i saw a chef on tele do it ( jamie , or that italian old bloke he hangs about with maybe ? ), 
  more of an american thing - they had a lot of german-speaking migrants in the 19th century . 
  in british english , i 've always known it as liver sausage ( not that it 's very popular over here ... ) e.g. 
  no , just sub-1 .7 m fans - which for the dutch is basically dwarfism ... 
  there was no ` kingdom of wales ' in 1000 . 
  there were several ` kingdoms of wales ' . 
  it * arguably * was one kingdom under gruffydd ap llywelyn for a few years in the 1050s , but it 's disputable . 
  no one ever referred to it as ` the kingdom of wales ' . 
  it then became a principality . 
  country of extremes ... 
  but , as a native english-speaker , i pronounced them the same . 
  i saw ` uue ' , and said ` uh weeh ' in my head . 
  but there are rules in place for that . 
  eu level rules . 
  effectively , you have to have a criminal record that shows you 're dangerous . 
  if an other eu nation 's border agency turned down an eu citizen at the gates for no good reason , that person would ( money permitting ) be able to sue that country and get compensation . 
  but the eu negotiated the visa waivers * as a bloc * .
