  actually , that 's a good question !, 
  when it says ' a beer ' , is it doing per fixed unit ? 
  draught beer in the uk * has * to be sold per pint ( 568ml approx ) , or a derivative thereof . 
  if the rest of europe are done by 500ml servings , we 're being undercounted !!, 
  americans do n't use imperial , they use us custom , which is heavily based on imperial , but with several massive differences . 
  we british use imperial when it suits us , though most of us are much better at on-the-fly conversions than americans . 
  as a quick anecdote to the ludicrousy of the system , yesterday i had my university graduation . 
  the website asked for all my measurements in imperial . 
  this was fine , i 'd normally do that anyway . 
  the automatic confirmation email then converted them all to metric . 
  ` oh ' , i thought , ` seems we 're finally in the 21st century ! ' . 
  turned up to collect gowns and hat etc. . . all in imperial again . 
  so who the hell designed the automated email system !? 
  i expect it was french sabotage ... as an aside , i now know my head circumference is 22 and 7/8 inches , and that the uk has a different shoe , glove , and hat sizing system from everywhere else in the world ... 
  handy info . 
  it really does though ... that 's how it 's used by the government , the media , and even the monarchy . 
  i dislike the abbreviation , but in the same way america means us , britain is definitely used to mean uk . 
  ` england ' , however , will almost always be wrong in an international context . 
  we have no government or sovereignty ... 
  however , we do release a lot of data by jurisdiction rather than as the whole of the uk . 
  but that would normally mean england and wales , as we share a legal jurisdiction . 
  ireland 's official name is ` ireland ' . 
  it says it on the passport . 
  eire in gaelic , ireland in english . 
  republic of ireland is just an unofficial term to distinguish it from the island of ireland , because the territory is shared with the united kingdom ( via northern ireland ) . 
  regardless , i ca n't see a problem with czechia . 
  if slovakia and slovenia get easy names , i do n't see why the czechs should n't . 
  if there 's a good linguistic reason , i 'd love to know !, 
  yeah , well my grandparents still only understand the temperature in fahrenheit , so stop complaining !, 
  :p coincidentally , my grandma 's entire saucepan collection is from west germany . 
  bought it in the 70 's . 
  that stuff is still like new - incredible craftsmanship !, 
  i presumed op was british . 
  you ca n't make infantilising comments about the ` colonies ' in american english . 
  it 's just not baseball ... 
  * kerb, 
  it 's still gmt +2 . 
  the uk is currently on bst , which is gmt +1 . 
  we 're an hour behind everyone but portugal . 
  fahrenheit 's not too bad though . 
  it does give a slightly better range . 
  have you ever seen the opening of parliament ? 
  granted it 's tudor , not mediaeval , but it 's still the old formal dress . 
  same for university graduation ceremonies . 
  floppy caps , capes , and robes . 
  they split the uk up into its constituent ` peoples ' . 
  i do n't see why other modern nations with distinct regions within them should n't get the same treatment . 
  most of these attires came about long before the modern nation-states existed . 
  fair enough !, 
  and your right , if i actually did a count up , it 's only a small handful . 
  they just seem to be the most ` prolific ' of my facebook friend posters . 
  i think the average age to get married in yorkshire and humber is about 27/28 . 
  but the average age for first child is younger . 
  like 25 . 
  contrast this with the se , where both of these stats are over 30 . 
  but it certainly is n't ` odd ' to get married under 25 around here . 
  not if you 're in a long-term relationship . 
  yes , people would be a little uncomfortable , or just presume it was for religious reasons . 
  what part of the uk are you from ? 
  i know several people who 've got married under 25 , and i 'm getting married this year at 23 . 
  yorkshire 's age for first marriage is quite a bit lower than london 's / se 's . 
  in parts of south yorkshire , people are more likely to have a child under 25 than over 30 . 
  and that 's not just first children , that 's * all * children . 
  it 's very regional . 
  might help that house prices here still allow people to buy in their early 20 's . 
  3-bed well decorated houses for under # 120,000 . 
  easily doable for a couple on # 40k between them . 
  better to think of the ` any ' replacing the partitive in french . 
  elles n'ont pas d'enfants ( ` pas de des enfants ' , but it gets contracted down to 'd ` enfants ' ) . 
  in english , ` any ' would be followed by a singular noun when the word is quantitative rather than a count noun . 
  they do n't have any flour left in stock . 
  but it 's contextual . 
  you could say ` he 's not like any child that i know , or , ` he 's not like any ( other ) children i know ' . 
  it 's quite a versatile pronoun/determiner . 
  germanic germanic includes loads of countries , including benelux , parts of switzerland , and austria . 
  german , in modern english , is just those with a german passport . 
  have had spanish ` friends ' ( 3rd hand friends ) ask this ... 
  i did ask them where they 'd heard the usage , but apparently this is now becoming the normal word amongst young spaniards for * any * photo involving people taken informally . 
  ` tomar un selfie ' ... world 's gone mental . 
  agreed . 
  i 've always been as intellectually honest with myself as i can . 
  we 're clumps of atoms ; there is no objective ` right ' or ` wrong ' . 
  pain and suffering are subjective - the universe does n't give a shit . 
  accidental byproducts of evolution etc. . . 
  does n't mean we have to tolerate it . 
  i do n't think my culture is * intrinsically * better than any other , but i want my children to grow up in a world free of suffering and oppression . 
  the universe does n't care , but * i * do . 
  a theocratic world based on fear and superstition , where people are n't at liberty to make their own choices in life about who they want to be just sounds horrendous . 
  if wanting to protect personal autonomy and freedom makes me an imperialist westerner , then so be it . 
  i work for a local authority in northern england . 
  the drain on our resources by ` slovak ' roma who 've taken advantage of the eu free movement rights is phenomenal !, 
  we spend the equivalent of a full time senior social worker salary on interpreting fees . 
  i do n't think we have a single support worker who * does n't * have at least one roma family on his/her caseload . 
  we have to turn down native local families who need help with things like bereavement or depression because , for the stats , we have to focus on getting the roma kids in education . 
  it 's a legal obligation , and it 's how we 're audited . 
  it 's a lost cause , and a huge waste of public resources !, 
  unsurprisingly , most of my office - good , kind-hearted people - are looking to vote out of the eu . 
  for all the wrong reasons !, 
  but you ca n't blame them - they did n't train as support workers to deal with nomadic benefits cheats from a very violent culture with very regressive views on women ... 
  sometimes life goes off the rails for people - we 're to make sure kids get the best start , and help families get back on their feet .
