  you ca n't ignore the fact the the witcher 3 cost about 338,000,000 zlotys ( $ 83mil ) to make . 
  sounds a lot , but skyrim cost over $ 100,000,000 , and gtav cost $ 265,000,000 ... 
  it was sold as a full-price game in all markets , but cost a substantial amount less than other similarly-priced products . 
  if publishers can get full quality products at half the price by moving production to eastern europe , they will do !, 
  its * ` it 's ' should only used as an abbreviation for ` it is ' or ` it has ' , not as a possessive pronoun . 
  if we 're playing that game , that is , 
  these are all sentences that 'll touch a nerve of 90 % + of the country . 
  people may not feel passionately about it in an abstract way , but i 'm fairly sure there 'd be national outrage if a politician actually went into talks about ` giving them back ' ( they were never sodding ` theirs ' to start with , etc. . . ), 
  apart from the bit that 's called ` west new york ' , which is in new jersey , but is n't part of jersey city ... 
  apparently , it 's a township within hudson county . 
  absolutely !, 
  i 'm studying this year , so i get to give some of my personal tax allowance to my wife . 
  we get like # 100 extra for the year ... serious tax breaks , 
  that 'd be the liberal way of doing it ... 
  i think you 'd have an uphill struggle trying to bring it about !, 
  though i agree - i 'd have legal ` partnership ' agreements which could be entered into by up to 4 people , with a set of model regimes on how they 'd hold property vis a vis each other . 
  ( any more than 4 , and i think dealing with property would be too complicated . 
  in england and wales , we limit the max legal owners of a house to 4 people for a good reason ) . 
  the french matrimonial regimes would make a good start !, 
  formula a , b , c etc. 
  then ` marriage ' could be left to the pure purview of religions and quasi-religious organisations ( e.g. 
  satanists and humanists ) . 
  i do n't live anywhere near london ... 
  there is n't a flight that 'd get us to slovenia before nearly 10pm if we had to travel to london in the morning . 
  so we 'd have to go down the evening before ( # 80 each for a return ) , then stay over , ( another # 40 minimum ) . 
  so now it 's over # 400 just for transport to ljubljana and back . 
  i suppose we could drive and park at the airport ? 
  that 'd be about # 75 . 
  so it 's still # 300 for transport for 2 people . 
  whereas if we go to , say , barcelona it 's # 200 or less from manchester for 2 people and we do n't have to stay over the evening before . 
  we 're not quite at the stage where # 100 - # 200 extra just on transport is something we can just afford , unfortunately . 
  i 've had a look !, 
  that 's a genuinely good option , but it is still nearly 2 and half hours ... then again , it 's a more realistic option than an 8 hour train ride with a connection !, 
  and venice is fairly cheap to fly to . 
  i 'll have to suggest it to my other half . 
  cheers !, 
  i 'm impressed !, 
  over 200m * in stone * !, 
  as an aside , i 'd love to visit slovenia !, 
  it looks like such a beautiful place , and accommodation is a really reasonable price . 
  but i ca n't seem to find any cheap flights from the uk during spring and summer months ; i 'd have to fly to a neighbouring country and get a train . 
  it turns a cheap holiday into a more expensive one , with a lot of travelling ... maybe you slovenes have no interest in getting the drunken spillover from prague in ljubljana , 
  the uk does n't does n't distinguish between felonies and misdemeanours like a lot of other countries . 
  a criminal offence is a criminal offence . 
  not paying your tv licence and getting a speeding fine are as much ` crimes ' as murder and extortion . 
  there are minor differences in sentences , however . 
  we use the word chateau . 
  the thing in the picture could be referred to as a chateau . 
  a stately home would be something like this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chatsworth_house a manor house is a stately home , but specifically the residence of the lord of the manor . 
  we still technically have lords of the manor , and the title can be attached to houses . 
  it gets a bit confusing , because there are ` manor houses ' which no longer have lords of the manor residing there , and houses that lords of the manor have moved to which * are n't * called manor houses ... 
  i 'd just go with ` stately home ' , but manor house would be understood . 
  not exactly - the problem is that the buildings themselves do n't have direct equivalents in the different countries . 
  in english , a castle would traditionally be a central keep with inner walls and outer walls . 
  https://www.visitengland.com/sites/default/files/styles/experience_page_consumer_gallery_image/public/conisbrough-castle-from-south.jpg?itok=m9lcpcry then the tudors starting building castles that were essentially stately homes , and were n't intended to be besieged . 
  for various reasons , we rarely had a monarch with enough political will and money to build huge stone fortresses anymore . 
  ` castles ' stopped being built , and we ended up with basically just large houses . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hampton_court_palace hampton court was built in stages , and they kept running out of money !, 
  it 's mainly made of brick , to keep costs down . 
  then we had the glorious revolution , and it became politically nonviable for the crown to keep building elaborate castles . 
  the french , on the other hand , had fairly debauched monarchy until the revolution . 
  they built loads of ` chateaux ' for the ruling classes , which were basically follies . 
  that would n't have been doable in britain , for the most part . 
  then again , many of ours are still inhabited by the aristocracy , so maybe it was a good tactic ?!, 
  so , ye - op 's picture could either be a castle , a chateau , or a palace . 
  chateaux generally conjure up ideas of non-fortified things though . 
  pretty , with turrets etc. 
  castles are generally fortified , and not as pretty . 
  i believed you !, 
  my question was more a rhetorical exclamation . 
  i just know for a fact that america 's income-equality is fairly poor - as in , similar-to-south-america levels of poor . 
  so it means to bring their gdp per capita above germany 's must mean there are some people in the us making absolutely ridiculous amounts of wealth , bringing up the average . 
  i suspect if you took out the top and bottom 5 % of earners from both sets of stats , germany would come out on top . 
  there are a collection of ethnicities that are * distinctly * jewish , as it 's still for the most part an ethno-religion . 
  and , pretty much by definition , black people are * not * the same ethnicity as northern europeans . 
  they 're obviously not all from the * same * ethnicity - there are hundreds . 
  but to call the germans and the french different ethnicities is absolutely ridiculous !, 
  tbh , there 's probably more similarity in ethnicity between two people from paris and berlin ( germanic/frankish northern european ) than there are between paris and marseilles ( mediterranean - likely to have arab and north african influence ) . 
  but they 're all still decidedly caucasian . 
  disliking people purely based on nationality is xenophobia , but not necessarily racism ( as it is commonly understood ) . 
  but that 's still a commutable distance - i expect there are hundreds of people driving 40 - 50 mins to get to work . 
  though i do understand the complaint . 
  my god , those links are absolute stats porn !, 
  / r/dataisbeautiful would love those !, 
  how on earth is germany 's gdp/capita lower than america 's !? 
  they have such horrendous wealth disparity !, 
  just shows how * much * some of the usa 's top earners and businesses are bringing in ... 
  these graphs also paint a pretty awful picture of the uk . 
  we earn all that money , but our gdp/capita is fairly poor . 
  at least with germany , they have several cities that have excellent gdp/capita ratings . 
  so at least the wealth is spread out in terms of geography . 
  the uk only has * one * city on that list . 
  i bet you 'd have to scroll a fair way down to find manchester , birmingham or edinburgh . 
  i 'm not counting aberdeen - it 's all oil . 
  edit : in the interests of historical bants ; france , your centralisation and wealth disparity is also fairly poor !, 
  you ca n't sustain a country where one city makes up such a huge portion of your national wealth and productivity . 
  france and britain really ought to be talking to german policy-makers about this issue ... 
  wow !, 
  it 's always a ( positive ) stereotype that the german-speaking countries take apprenticeships seriously , but there it is in the data - clear as day !, 
  you can literally see the difference as soon as you hit the french and italian borders ...
