  and what would we ask slovakia for ? 
  they 're eu citizens - whilst they reside legally in the uk , they 're entitled to the same benefits and access to public services as the british natives . 
  to do any different would be against eu law . 
  and yes , they do sometimes get called romanians . 
  usually just gypsies , though . 
  they ( the council ) are doing their best to help them integrate . 
  there are parenting groups , local initiatives , and some schools have on-site roma speakers who are also trained to restrain problem children . 
  it 's not really working ... a lot of them seem to go back and forth between slovakia and england . 
  it makes it very hard to keep track of them and put measures to assist into place . 
  i feel bad for the native slovakians that come over !, 
  most of them are students and graduates , but they get a bad name from the roma population . 
  in my city , they mostly have slovak passports . 
  some of them speak a bit of slovak , but it 's a nightmare getting interpreters , because some of them only speak roma . 
  funnily enough , getting hold of decent roma interpreters who are able to maintain confidentiality ( they 're used for criminals and families with child protection issues ) is quite difficult !, 
  they cost the local authority and other public services and absolute fortune !, 
  it takes away resources ( which are thinly spread ) from families who could better benefit from the help . 
  but it 's not * called * marriage - it 's a same sex ` union/partnership ' !, 
  a different piece of legislation !, 
  and they ca n't adopt children as a couple . 
  so it 's not just a different law , with a different name ( i.e. 
  not ` marriage ' ) , but they do n't have equal rights !, 
  germany , no matter how close it gets , does * not * allow homosexual marriage . 
  that the legislation on ` marriage ' will apply equally to all regardless of gender . 
  germany has different laws for gay partnerships , with slightly different rights . 
  so , not germany ? 
  ( no gay marriage ) or the uk ? 
  ( abortion is n't legal in all jurisdictions ) what 's your measure for ` usually ' ? 
  why would having a british accent be ` foible ' ( presume you mean that word ? ), 
  makes it sound like brits have the * unusual * and non-standard accent . 
  we invented the bloody thing !, 
  ( not all in one go , i 'll admit ... ), 
  not many brits would use ` km ' for an estimated distance . 
  it makes it sound a bit ` scientific ' . 
  although maybe i live in a more ` old fashioned ' part of the country . 
  i 'll be diplomatic , and say he spelt it * differently * . 
  erm ... no , it really was because of eu law . 
  when we joined in ' 73 , the government set up a metrication board which negotiated with different industries bit by bit to get them to change . 
  there really was n't much appetite to change by the majority of businesses , or the general public . 
  we disbanded the metrication board in 1980 , but then within a few years the eu had started to bring in mandatory metrication legislation . 
  we probably would have switched eventually of our own accord , but until the 60 's our main trade partners had been the commonwealth and former colonies . 
  all imperial users , and we set many of the standards . 
  it 's nothing to do with being ` superior ' - we did precise engineering with imperial right up to the 80 's . 
  it did n't both it 's purely because of acquiescence to international trade that we swapped . 
  i was purely making a faux facetious gibe about the spelling !, 
  yes , the majority of uk industry is now in metric ( mainly because of eu law ... ) , but as you can see the old sizes stick around because they 're standards . 
  91.4 cm is a yard :p some cottage industries still work in imperial . 
  independent tailors/modellers etc. . . 
  * metre call yourself a brit ? 
  they 're still technically beholden to all the same rules as the rest of england and wales . 
  particularly the companies act 2006 ( audits ) , and the proceeds of crime act 2002 ( money laundering ) . 
  they get their own special rules in terms of policing and parliamentary representation , but they 're not part of a separate jurisdiction !, 
  though they sometimes act like it ... 
  it is ( sort of ) ... uk companies act 2006 172 duty to promote the success of the company ( 1 ) a director of a company must act in the way he considers , in good faith , would be most likely to promote the success of the company for the benefit of its members as a whole [ ... ] ( ` members ' = ` shareholders ' ) there 's then some gumpf about taking into account 'em ployees ' and establishing good links with suppliers etc , but generally the rules on common law fiduciary duties apply . 
  you 'd have a hard time arguing that you were n't ` promoting the success of the company ' for the shareholders if you were paying more tax than you had to ( though i suppose theoretically it could be done ) . 
  they 'd have a hard time suing , to be fair , but shareholders can get rid of directors who are n't acting maximising profit . 
  the rules incentivise this behaviour . 
  edit : looked through my legal textbooks - i suppose you 're right in that there 'd be no per se actionable cause for a failure to maximise profit . 
  but if an offer came before the board that would drastically reduce the tax bill , i 'm not sure how they 'd argue they 'd be fulfilling their obligations if they did n't take it ... 
  true !, 
  but at the moment it 's not worth wasting committee time over . 
  it depends on the question - it does n't seem particularly well defined . 
  atheist just means ` do n't believe in a god or gods ' . 
  you could believe in a ` life force ' of the universe , and still be an atheist . 
  also , a lot of the ` do n't knows ' will also be atheists . 
  nobody ` knows ' whether there 's a god - it would n't be called ` faith ' otherwise !, 
  i 'd 've thought about 1/3 actively disbelieve in the supernatural , 1/3 believe in a traditional rligion , and about 1/3 do n't give it much thought but think there could well be something . 
  are they ever ? 
  * panic over lack of tin foil *, 
  it has n't got a secular * constitution * , but its people have fairly secular ideals . 
  it 's de facto secular . 
  we 're not particularly ideological when it comes to administrative and legislative structures ; it 's all about that piecemeal reform !, 
  because the eu may one day compete with the us for the role of main world power ... 
  that 's what i meant ... before 1801 it was the kingdom of great britain , and ireland ( all of it ) was a separate realm . 
  this is what the map seems to show . 
  of course ireland 's never been part of great britain !, 
  it 's an entirely separate land mass . 
  ye , there should be a border division line between ireland and the uk . 
  unless op forgot that 1801 happened ... 
  ` responsible ' is a bit of a strong word . 
  they aggravated it , but are the people who actually attacked someone not responsible for their own actions ? 
  it 's called ` pedestrianisation ' . 
  central paris is running a test of having a 2 mile stretch along the seine pedestrianised !, 
  motorists are n't happy ... 
  then why do the majority of people with any money wax lyrical about georgian architecture . 
  many of today 's houses will * not * last 300 years . 
  today 's architects are very good at designing to a budget to produce a home with a certain lifespan . 
  want to build a home that 'll last a thousand years ? 
  you 'll probably want to use solid stone that 's 20 inches thick . 
  but that costs a fortune . 
  yes , but they 're often pastiches of the former styles , done cheaply !, 
  they use cheap timber frames , do n't bother with internal brick walls , and use pvc windows , doors , and rooftiles that 'll need replacing within 50 years . 
  the days if building houses that last 300 years is pretty much a thing of the past . 
  unless you 're willing to spend # 300,000 to have one built yourself , then no builder would bother . 
  i 'm pretty sure our local morrison 's makes some of its own . 
  http://your.morrisons.com/morrisonsmakesit/ they make a bit of a song and dance about it . 
  i did n't expect ` corner shop ' style supermarket offshoots ( express , metro , local , etc. . . ) to have trained bakers on the premises . 
  we do have proper bread !, 
  and have done for hundreds of years !, 
  a proper 2lb white loaf , or a yorkshire breadcake , can be a beautiful thing . 
  but then the 80 's came along , and shopping once a week at a big supermarket became the norm .
