  but we do the same with words that do n't even have ` r ' at the end !, 
  ` president obama and angela merkel ... ' would be ` presiduhnt obamuh ` r ` and angela muhkuhl ... ' the ` uh ' is a schwa . 
  simple vowel sound that replaces a * lot * of other vowel sounds !, 
  or ` law and order ' = ` law ` r ` and awduh ' . 
  this is * really * advanced stuff that really separates the people who 've lived around english for years from those who 've learnt it at school . 
  no , but an id card is still sufficient to show you 're an eu citizen . 
  free pasage is then granted by the eu founding treaties . 
  that 's actually very interesting !, 
  so ... why did the portuguese empire do so badly ? 
  in the same way that in english , ` american ' almost invariably means from the us . 
  we would say ` north american ' if we wanted to mean us and canada ( and technically mexico , but that usually gets lumped in with south/central ) . 
  agreed , it 's a chicken and egg scenario . 
  then again , you could argue most sectarian conflicts arise from geo-politics . 
  isis is an extreme example , but israel/palestine is very much a geo-political thing , but the sectarian issues are so prevelant that to say that religion is n't a vehicle for conflict would be a stretch . 
  if we 're going back that far , we can say christians were a bunch of crusading slave-takers who raped and pillaged their way around the middle east . 
  we burnt scores of witches and heretics , but that was centuries ago when believing in magic and divine retribution was the norm . 
  now we have youtube ... 
  each country did it differently . 
  the french , for example , have a very strong secular tradition when it comes to governance . 
  the church was where the monarchy got its legitimacy - getting rid of the two of these things from government came pretty much hand in hand . 
  the uk had an entirely different battle - one that 's still going on to be honest !, 
  catholicism v protestantism . 
  the majority of the ` terrorism ' that the uk has experienced over the last half century has come from christianity-fuelled internal sectarianism . 
  difference is , our religious strife is directly linked to nationalism . 
  the uk technically still is a theocracy ; our head of state is head of the state religion . 
  but in reality , our white population is for the most part atheist or apathetic . 
  why ? 
  years of cultural stability and wealth . 
  we got them microwave ovens and colour tv 's ... 
  the middle east is just a sea of power vacuums . 
  a jihadist religion is just the ticket for unifying a disillusioned youth living in a failed state . 
  only really in america and canada ... 
  in the uk it 's often seen as a get-out clause for someone who ca n't make their mind up . 
  there is n't a huge liberal following here , and the main split is socialism vs neoliberal conservatism ( socially conservative liberalism ) . 
  shame , really ... 
  as a brit , it 's usually mainly split into economic and social liberalism . 
  i am socially liberal ( i value autonomy and minimum state-intervention in social affairs , but with adequate safety nets ) , but economically centre , as i do n't see a problem with strong regulation and some state ownership of key areas . 
  the conservative party ( right wing ) and ukip ( extra right wing ) are economic liberals , but not socially . 
  believing in fairness and workers ' rights does n't make you a liberal . 
  can be quite the opposite in fact . 
  i 've actually studied this extensively . 
  it was my undergraduate dissertation for law . 
  this solution is basically going ahead . 
  it 's a proposal of the smith commission . 
  it 's not a long-term plan though . 
  in an ideal world , we 'd split the uk into 12 neat regions and be done with it . 
  history 's made it an admin nightmare - but devolution has exaggerated the assymetry if it all . 
  at least before it was fair in paper ; one parliament , one vote . 
  now it 's a bit of a mess . 
  it 's the constitutional equivalent of closing one slow leak and a whole valve blowing somewhere else . 
  that 's not an absolute truth - that 's a subjective philosophy . 
  i 'm on the fence about it - i 'm all for ` punishment should fit the crime ' , but if the policy aim is to change behaviour , then you need to create an adequate deterrent . 
  if people see the risk of a small fine to be equivalent to a minor ` tax ' on their way of life , then they 'll just continue and factor the risk into their decision-making . 
  make it so that the risk of punishment is less attractive than being allowed to continue the targeted behaviour , and you 'll get much better results !, 
  i actually agree with you - unless the competition courts can find evidence of pressure from google on manufacturers to force their programs into the device ` ecosystem ' , then i do n't see why it 's their fault for making a good product . 
  there are plenty of opportunities for others to jump in and install their software on android phones . 
  if they force google to make their os less integrated , then they 're not ` helping ' innovation . 
  they 're just setting the bar lower , so other competitors do n't have to make better operating systems and app integration in order to compete . 
  it just makes it worse for everyone , and big companies will be scared to ever try and make something truly intuitive and connected . 
  abusing a monopoly is when you use your market influence to deter others from entering the market at all points between production and sale . 
  google do n't seem to be doing this ... 
  it 's also how the olympic medal table is calculated . 
  a country could win * every single silver medal * , but if they do n't get any golds , then they 're at the bottom of the table . 
  ironically , it 's the us that uses a system that counts * total * medals . 
  the exact opposite of their winner-takes-it-all electoral system . 
  it makes even more of a difference in the uk , where we have a fptp system , but more minority parties . 
  a lot of people do n't vote for the person they * do * want - they vote for the person who 's most likely to beat the person they really * do n't * want . 
  in my constituency , it was basically a two horse race between labour and ukip . 
  i did n't really * want * to vote labour , but i know a vote for any other party would simply split the labour vote , and increase ukip 's chance of winning . 
  the rules are fair and clear , but it 's a poor excuse for representative democracy . 
  the uk 's system is n't supposed to accurately reflect the vote share . 
  it 's supposed to create strong governments that can operate without having to pander to a dozen different political interests . 
  i find it pretty amazing that we * do * have so many minority parties under our fptp system !, 
  we 're a fairly contrary lot ... 
  https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/aw/d/b00lfesp1g/ref=mp_s_a_1_7?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1478789589&amp;sr=8-7&amp;pi=ac_sx236_sy340_fmwebp_ql65&amp;keywords=paper+guillotine&amp;dppl=1&amp;dpid=41gmax5knxl&amp;ref=plsrch will this do ? 
  we have similar system in england and wales in our magistrates ' courts . 
  the majority of crimes are n't tried by a jury !, 
  for a lot of crimes , the accused can * elect * to have a jury trial in the crown court , but there 's often little point ; if the cps are prosecuting , they 've probably got you bang to rights anyway , a lot of magistrates are lay-people . 
  my great aunt was one !, 
  it 's an unpaid position , and they sit as a bench of three . 
  they have access to legal advisers for anything complicated , or to confirm their reasoning . 
  there are also some magistrates who are qualified judges , for slightly more complicated questions . 
  the idea is that it 's cheaper , a bit less formal , and can get offenders quickly into any programmes they need to be in . 
  drugs , mental health etc. . . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyd3vmog3wm we 've had exactly the same thing in the uk . 
  it 's called mle ( multicultural london english ) . 
  but , there are some linguists starting to call it ` multicultural youth english ' . 
  you can find it in most urban centres , with only a couple of variations . 
  we had a mixed-race lad who was from central manchester on my course at uni . 
  at first , i honestly could n't tell if he was from london , leeds , manchester , sheffield , etc. . . 
  i had to wait till an ` a ' sound , as the ` bath/bahth ' distinction still exists . 
  it 's really interesting !, 
  though it does mean we 're losing a lot of ` traditional ' working-class regional accents . 
  the internet and people moving about it is turning into something more homogeneous . 
  good that people are moving about , and mixing with other cultures - but also a bit of a shame , as we 're losing something that made us unique . 
  it 's a breadcake , and i sha n't hear another word about it , you heathen !, 
  on a related note , i 've had other english friends say to me in the past things like , ` ooh , if you speak a bit of french , would you ever want to go out with a french girl ? ', 
  when i was 16 , that sounded exotic . 
  now i 'm older , and i 've lived there for a bit , my answer would probably be , ` no ' . 
  it 's just a bit shit ... humour , wit , ` banter ' , and seamless conversation are * extremely * important to me .
