  people are happy with voting systems when it suits their agenda , and decry them when things do n't go their way . 
  that 's absolutely ridiculous ... we have our thermostat set for 19.5 c ( northern england ) . 
  it does n't kick in until 18.5 c. 
  the hottest our house has got to this summer is 24c , and we thought that was a bit much !, 
  air conditioning would be a massive waste of money up here :p, 
  well , it was * recorded * as 92f . 
  i doubt they recorded to more than half a degree of accuracy . 
  well , no , because the law is n't bin force yet . 
  but , romania is literally founded on an armed coup , where you put your communist president and his wife against a wall and shot them ... that was less than 30 years ago !, 
  romania has a very bloody revolutionary history . 
   both the uk it has n't been implemented in the uk - it was implemented in * most * of the uk . 
  northern ireland only has civil partnerships . 
  ( and it is an important distinction !, 
  if the us got rid of the death penalty in all but one state , then we 'd still say ` the us has the death penalty ' - it 's an all or nothing thing . ), 
  france may have had protests , but at least it had the balls to actually do it properly , and not leave some of its citizens beholden to christian extremists . 
  and it took scotland 18 months longer than england and wales to enact similar legislation , so it was hardly ` fast ' . 
  i think the uk should be called out on this more . 
  i 'd argue having different fundamental social rights in different parts of your territory is worse than germany 's approach - it means you do n't believe fundamental social rights should apply equally to all your own citizens . 
  even the us , with its hugely federated system , applied gay marriage at the federal level , because they saw it as a constitutional right that applied to all citizens . 
  the uk 's approach is a result of not having a written constitution , and ` not wanting to cause a fuss ' owing to the delicate politics of northern ireland . 
  imo though , this is the sort of thing where the risk of making a fuss is worth it for the sake of equality before the law . 
  tl ; dr - the uk 's ` implementation ' is incomplete and has been anything but ` fast and unfussy ' . 
  it 's the definition of slow , politically cumbersome , and unequal . 
  to be fair , even in places that have gay marriage , the rights are n't always absolutely identical . 
  in great britain ( * not * the ` uk ' , because of northern ireland ) , gay married couples ca n't put down ` adultery ' as a specific cause of divorce when filing a petition ( the have to put ` unreasonable behaviour ' ) , and neither can they use ` failure to consummate ' as a reason to get a marriage annulled . 
  in practice , it makes little to no difference for 99.9999 % of people ( as most people put ` unreasonable behaviour down , as it makes no difference to the settlement amount ) . 
  but it 's not perfect ` equality ' . 
  i 'd say that the name is a * minor * part of whether people have equal rights with regards to marriage - a german civil union with identical rights would be - i 'd argue - more ` equal ' than a british gay marriage with minor legal differences . 
  in an ideal world , the rights would be identical across the board . 
  there 's also a very simple solution to all this : do n't call * any * state-sanctioned union of two people a ` marriage ' . 
  just call them all ` civil unions ' . 
  people will still call it a marriage , and those who want religious ceremonies can go and have a ` marriage ' at a church , and go on the church 's own register onces they 've sorted out the civil side of it . 
  a couple i know had a ` civil partnership ' in england before gay marriage came in - they called it their ` wedding ' , and told everyone they were getting ` married ' . 
  no-one corrected them , and it was irrelevant what the form technically said . 
  if you applied that to all genders and got rid of the word ` marriage ' from law , then no-one can complain that the word ` marriage ' is being corrupted , as it would remain the preserve of religious organisations , who can discriminate as much as they like . 
  there was no regulation in the us case - it was all based on common law principles of having a duty of care . 
  ` should the defendant have realised that serving at that temperature was an unnecessary risk which was likely to cause harm ? ', 
  that 's why it went through several layers of appeal , and not all the judges agreed . 
  the result was more to do with the fact that it 's normal in the uk to serve scalding hot drinks , so people should have expected it and taken precautions , whereas in the us mcdonald 's were serving drinks for hotter than the industry standard . 
  it was about customer expectations . 
  there does n't have to be a breach of a specific regulation for the courts to find negligence . 
  i sometimes use ` megashopbot ' , and then tick all the price comparison sites . 
  it then runs the product through all the search engines . 
  kazoo , for example . 
  amazon normally ends up winning though ... 
  it was america that swapped first - the uk had to follow step , as it was just getting confusing . 
  my grandparents were taught the old system . 
  well , it did n't work in the uk ... see bogle & others v mcdonald 's . 
  they were serving tea and coffee at over 90c , which scalded some old people and children . 
  judge said that was fine , and that people want to be able to buy hot drinks . 
  scalding hot drinks are the industry standard , so mcdonalds did n't deviate from the norm . 
  the judge * also * expressly criticised the quality of the claimants ' expert witnesses for being unprofessional and not providing enough evidence . 
  mcdonald 's had lawyers and experts coming out of the wazoo , and it worked . 
  it 's bizarre !, 
  1 ) as a brit , i take umbrage at the spelling ; a ` meter ' is an instrument of measurement , not a unit ... 2 ) the scale is split into the number of yards in a mile . 
  there are 1760yds in a mile ( 1600 + 160 ) . 
  but it uses the european number system of putting a point instead of a comma for a thousands separator . 
  i 'm thinking someone 's nicked it from an imperial map scale , then done some weird conversion and timesed it by 1000 ? 
  odd ... 
  agreed : to me ( in this context ) it came across as a shorthand for '' ` so called '' . 
  it allows the writer to attribute a tongue in cheek remark by a quoted source , but without having to write the words ` so called ' - it 's a plausible deniability thing . 
  so i did exactly what you did - i saw ` annexation ' , but read ` invasion/occupation ' . 
  the new ar platform hks are , by all metrics , superb . 
  the french and norwegians are n't idiots - they would n't have picked them if they were n't up to scratch . 
  to be fair , those sorts of things already do happen . 
  every military in the eu already uses the same two rifle calibres , and france and italy now both even use the same magazines . 
  chances are germany will follow . 
  there are lots of other standards , because it filters down from nato . 
  it 's exactly the same thing - weight is force . 
  the troy lb ( which was then divided into grains and then multiplied back up to get the normal avoirdupois lb that the americans and british people over 60 still know and love ) was defined as * the force exerted * by a lump of metal at 62f at 1 atmosphere of pressure in a particular room in london . 
  if you went to a different place in the world , then theoretically 1lb weight would have a different mass than the piece of metal in that room in london , owing to differences in pressure . 
  you could then back calculate it against the acceleration of gravity to get the ` slug ' , which did have a fixed amount of mass . 
  then the 20th century came along , and the scientific community decided on a standard definition for gravity . 
  this allowed the mass and weight of the lb to be set against the kilo and the newton - because they were all interconnected by the same numbers . 
  they are interchangeable in standard calculations . 
  this is why you can also have the ` kg force ' . 
  industrial presses are often quoted in ` tonne-force ' - i.e. 
  the force exerted by the mass of 1000kg at 1 atmosphere at room temp under standard gravity . 
  so i do n't see how the system is any more archaic , other than the fact that it 's a mixed unit system , and does n't fit with the decimal counting system . 
  what 's wrong with the word ` fortnight ' ? 
  other languages have an exact equivalent - e.g. 
  french has ` une quinzaine ' . 
  but in the case of the mixed unit currency , you wrote the smaller denominations * after * the number : e.g. 
  # 3/2s/6d it all seems a bit arbitrary - it would have worked perfectly well to have it after . 
  we have no problem with 9st/3lbs/6oz , or 3d/4hrs/6mins i think it 's a just a stylistic quirk ... 
  well , i * am * english an understood it fine . 
  he meant ` somewhere where you grab the best deals , and only get what you need ' . 
  granted i read the french first , but i checked the translation and saw nothing odd about it . 
  but still a border - you have to go through passport control and security checks for eurostar . 
  why have you put ` ladybug ' in the title , when it quite blatantly says on your map that the * standard * english is ` ladybird ' !? 
  bloody americans and their soft imperialism ... good map though , 
  bit unfair for the referendum to go * into * the eu to be a simple majority vote , but a qualified majority to leave ... ot at least that 's how the ` leave ' side would frame it , and they 'd arguably of have a point . 
  we 've * never * required more than 50 % for a plebiscite to pass . 
  we do n't need qualified majorities in parliament for constitutional changes , so it 'd be a huge shift in the goalposts to put the same condition on a public referendum just to achieve a desirable result . 
  could have just got h&k to make 6.5 mm grendel uppers and barrels for hk 416 ... 
  to be fair , there is n't anything wrong with it now it 's had the upgrades ... arguably a bit heavy , but has perfectly good reliability and accuracy . 
  the marginal improvement from going to a new weapons system would n't outweigh the costs . 
  coincidentally , hk fixed the piece of shit that the l85 started off as ... 
  i was thinking the hk33 ( which was the 5.56 mm g3 ) that weapon should have had for more usage than it did ... 
  if you 're picking up someone else 's weapon in a battle , then something has gone * horrendously * wrong , and a bit of hot metal in your face is going to be the least of your worries ...
