the only way to do it . 
  i get birthday cheques from my grandparents . 
  5 euro ? 
  i have never had to pay that much . 
  a lot of irish start ups go over to silicon valley for money because as you said it can be hard to get funding here . 
  i probably learned most of my european geography by watching eurovision . 
  how would it benefit anyone ? 
  we would just end up with another tv3 . 
  i thought it was 320k now . 
  any chance you have an irish grandparent ? 
  would make life easier for you . 
  something we can all get behind . 
  not quite the same thing . 
  i like france . 
  they really should know the colour order though . 
  i like the balloons . 
  makes it seem so much more festive . 
  it has to pass . 
  that dog shit one is brilliant . 
  i 'll have to remember it . 
  it wo n't happen unless the uk does it . 
  it would n't be worth doing it alone . 
  i kinda like german accents . 
  thank you very much . 
  seriously ? 
  i think ireland was starting to become a net contributor just before the recession started . 
  i felt bad for laughing . 
  yea it is n't proper tim horton 's . 
  you can kind of get tim horton 's in ireland . 
  til . 
  is that canadian ? 
  it is very telling when a lot of people can speak their option language better than what is supposedly their second language . 
  it could be used for the subjects students struggle with like maths . 
  i remember being completely dismayed in 6th year that we were still doing religion . 
  people could have really used that time for their exam subjects . 
  i had four classes a week in secondary school from 1st year till the end of 6th year . 
  if we dropped all the religion we could . 
  ty i had n't heard that song before . 
  great song . 
  i think i actually prefer the dubliners it was more that i like the animation in the video i linked that led me to posting it . 
  i quite like this song . 
  for some reason a part of me wants scotland to have independence just to see what happens . 
  hmmmmmm, 
  fair enough . 
  i do n't mind roi or eire but for some reason i hate southern ireland . 
  it just sounds so weird to me . 
  i learned about the french and american revolutions and some other things on top of what you mentioned . 
  at the moment it does n't really do anything . 
  the new buses actually open the middle doors now so you do n't always pass the driver . 
  i love this . 
  especially when there are like 15 people getting off and everyone says it . 
  i love me some blaa . 
  i try not to buy this too often because i always end up eating the whole thing in one sitting . 
  do n't ruin weetabix with sugar . 
  next you will be telling me you put sugar in tea . 
  lidl is great for some types of meat . 
  awww poor norway . 
  we already had our summer . 
  it was a glorious day . 
  girls : eefa/eefeh , ashling and i think ayveen is how it is usually pronounced but the only person i know with the name pronounces it as aweveen . 
  boys : tieg , owen and jeeramid sorry if they are not the best phonetic spellings . 
  do you know if there are many icelandic names with gaelic origins ? 
  like hive with an s instead of a h. 
  yep i just chose a few names from people i know . 
  irish names . 
  oh yea i think he is . 
  yep she is . 
  england : david cameron , the queen and stephen fry . 
  scotland : james mcavoy , ewan mcgregor and alex salmond . 
  wales : charlotte church and gareth david-lloyd . 
  for the life of me i ca n't think of another . 
  norn iron : gary lightbody , ian paisley and martin mcguiness, 
  imagine being behind the uk and last . 
  hopefully ireland can catch up one day . 
  it really was a great show . 
  a good winner . 
  share ? 
  there are some young ones but not that many . 
  at pro-life events there are a lot of elderly people . 
  i ca n't wait till they all die off . 
  they add nothing to this country . 
  civil partnerships in ireland are shite . 
  in the uk they are pretty much the same as marriage but in ireland there are a tonne of differences . 
  it certainly would be fantastic to be able to do that . 
  ireland to britain probably would n't be worth the cost . 
  i 've seen it on quite a few things . 
  it does n't really do much at the moment . 
  a lot of people would rather it was reformed than just abolished . 
  i love the picture that accompanies the article . 
  i agree . 
  i just think that this is one of the issues that labour would force not matter what fg want . 
  yes but i mean that labour will really push for it regardless of fg because they are losing a lot of support . 
  they need to shown to be implementing some of there policies . 
  i am a dane . 
  also it does n't really matter what they want as labour will push for it just to show they did something . 
  the belgian model for euthanasia/assisted suicide seems quite good . 
  sometimes i just ca n't stand this country . 
  i hope the government will legislate for it but i wo n't hold my breath . 
  abortion is the main topic as usual here in ireland . 
  knacker/scumbag are what most people call them in ireland .
