  not to mention [ almost ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maltese_united_kingdom_integration_referendum,_1956 ) becoming part of the uk . 
  i think it 's the 9th largest , but it 's certainly up there as islands go . 
  it gets that reputation from pmqs , which is a half-hour slot every wednesday that is essentially for political theatre and point-scoring . 
  the problem is that a lot of people only watch pmqs and never see what actual parliamentary debate is like . 
  raf akrotiri is basically our unsinkable aircraft carrier in the middle east . 
  it is n't entirely fair to compare england within the uk ( about 82 % of the population ) to france and germany within the eu ( about 29 % of the population ) . 
  edit : i 'm not agreeing with op that the eu is ignoring other countries , i 'm just saying that if france and germany * were * overruling all other countries ( which they are not ) , it would be less democratic than england overruling the rest of the uk . 
   good luck with personal weapons against a government with vastly different resources iraq and afghanistan would like a word with you  if the government becomes tyrannical , uprising will not be stopped by anti-gun laws , nor will its success depend on them if there are n't any firearms around because of anti-gun legislation , it wo n't matter whether people want to use them or not, 
  the conservatives definitely did n't purposefully plan the falklands war . 
  for one thing , there 's no real way that they could have predicted the argentine invasion , and for another , there were no guarantees that we 'd win the war . 
  losing would probably have brought down the government . 
  from the 5th october 2016 . 
  i 'm not criticising op , because it 's still a perfectly good video , but everyone should bear in mind that some things in it may be out-of-date by now . 
   scotland not a british colony . 
   india and ireland no , but that 's irrelevant to a discussion about the falklands . 
   why not a nuclear reactor others have given perfectly valid answers , but the fact that egypt do n't let nuclear-powered ships through the suez canal is a pretty major advantage . 
  it does n't matter so much for the americans , because they can deploy from their pacific coast , but for us the suez canal is pretty crucial . 
  the f-35b 's payload is significantly lower than that of the f-35c , but only slightly lower than that of the rafale m , so we 're really not that far behind the french in that respect . 
  that means the qe can use the suez canal , though , while egypt do n't allow nuclear-powered vessels through . 
  using the suez canal is pretty central to british naval policy . 
  [ queenston heights ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_queenston_heights ) never forget . 
  tea + maple syrup  freedom . 
  you 're taking the argument to its most ridiculous extreme . 
  the vast majority of people in london are not millionaires , and the vast majority of people outside are not homeless . 
  plenty of people are proud of their capital city , and of their country in general , even if other parts of their country are better off than they are . 
  a better comparison to make would be of an average american being proud of the us having the most powerful military in the world . 
  yes , from the point of view of pure self-interest that money could be better spent , but most americans wo n't see it that way . 
  while there is certainly a degree of resentment at how focused everything is on london , at the same time people can be proud of the fact that our capital is such a large global force , in the same way that all french people can be proud of paris . 
  in fact , we 're less economically centralised than france is according to this map . 
  reeeee, 
  you fucked with our tea . 
  we can forgive , but we 'll never forget . 
  i 've always found that name really triggering . 
  why ca n't they just call themselves `` red socks '' like normal people would ? 
  clearly you guys made a mistake when you threw our tea in the harbour . 
  it 's in the caucasus , so it 's just as european as georgia , armenia and azerbaijan , all of which are on the sidebar map . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  the only other person with a chance of becoming chancellor is schulz , and i doubt the russians would like him any more than they would merkel . 
  it 's not like the afd are in with a shot . 
  london op pls nerf . 
  the dublin-holyhead line is pretty insane as well . 
  even within exam boards there seems to be considerable choice in what is taught . 
  for gcse coursework for example , we did fdr and the new deal , whereas some other classes in my school did mao and the cultural revolution . 
  we did india about 5 years ago when i was in year 9 . 
  we did n't go into a huge amount of depth , because frankly there was n't the time , but we still covered it . 
  ireland is in a-level history , possibly depending on which exam board . 
  so is decolonisation in india , africa ( especially rhodesia ) and israel/palestine . 
  people always say this , but i was taught about it in school , especially regarding ireland and india . 
  churchill wanted a united states of europe , but did n't want the uk in it . 
  part of that speech is this :  `` we see nothing but good and hope in a richer , freer , more contented european commonality . 
  but we have our own dream and our own task . 
  we are with europe , but not of it . 
  we are linked but not compromised . 
  we are interested and associated but not absorbed . '', 
  funnily enough , the churchillian view of europe could result from brexit , since we were always the largest barrier to european integration . 
  i voted remain , but i think that so long as both sides keep cool heads and make a reasonable exit deal , this has the potential to be beneficial ( or , at least , not * too * bad ) for everyone . 
  if anything the scots were more involved with the empire than the english were , providing disproportionate numbers of explorers , soldiers , sailors and colonial administrators , as well as emigrating in proportionately larger numbers to canada , australia and new zealand . 
  the first truly global conflict was the seven years ' war . 
  it 's one of those things that 's really difficult to measure . 
  for example , france have a carrier in service , but we have far greater total naval tonnage , more support ships and are the only country in europe to have strategic transport planes , so it 's not very easy to determine which country is better at power projection . 
  national defence seems fairly irrelevant at the moment , since i ca n't see a major war breaking out anywhere near western europe , and is so dependent on geography anyway that it is n't an entirely fair way of comparing countries . 
  as i said in my comment on the economies of the two countries , we 're so close that it 's a pointless conversation to have . 
  i generally consider us and france to be almost exactly equal in most respects . 
  to be honest us and france are so close that it 's basically an irrelevant argument . 
  which one is ahead mostly depends on how it 's counted and who by . 
  i 'm not sure if the royals spoke french at the time - they may well have done , but being hanoverian they could just as easily have spoken german . 
  i realise that , just saying that i would take it with a pinch of salt . 
  i think i 've seen other polls with very different results . 
  the british elite were generally very french up until the revolution and especially napoleon . 
  they wore french clothes , listened to french music , read french books and even spoke french in many cases . 
  during and after the napoleonic wars , though , there was a negative reaction to everything french - fancier french clothes were replaced with more simplistic british styles , for example . 
  napoleon 's reintroduction of slavery in the french colonies even helped the abolitionist movement here , because being opposed to slavery became a patriotic act of supporting `` british freedom '' ( see : magna carta , glorious revolution ) and proving our moral superiority over the french . 
  in my experience most remainers would n't be in favour of this . 
  to be completely honest i would expect that to be similar with all nations that are relatively well-developed liberal democracies , not just european ones . 
  not sure if there are any statistics out there on that though . 
  she might be having a giggle , but there 's no way she 's actually expressing a political opinion . 
  she 's spent decades staying resolutely away from politics and she is n't about to change that . 
  once , david cameron accidentally revealed that she 'd expressed a negative opinion about scottish independence during the 2014 referendum . 
  from what i 've heard , she was livid . 
  as a matter of principle , she will not allow her views on anything to become public . 
  * technically * , six axis countries invaded the soviet union in 1941 . 
  not only does the eu 's most important military partner speak english , but the us does as well !, 
  / s , obviously . 
  everyone knows americans do n't speak english . 
  looks like the sun never sets on the ~ ~ british empire ~ ~ european union * . 
  ^ ^ * and ^ ^ the ^ ^ overseas ^ ^ territories ^ ^ of ^ ^ its ^ ^ member ^ ^ states . 
  come on , norway . 
  you 're letting the northern european side down . 
  plus denmark , sweden , belgium , luxembourg , spain , australia and new zealand . 
  i think almost all the countries i 'd most want to live in have constitutional monarchies . 
   there are many advanced countries that do n't have a monarchy i do n't remember saying there are n't . 
  the point i was making is that whether or not a country has a monarchy seems to have little bearing on how advanced it is . 
  i know . 
  all these backwards , regressive countries like sweden , the netherlands and canada . 
  it 's disgraceful . 
  beautiful place . 
  there 's also a [ slightly less impressive version ] ( http://www.christopherlong.co.uk/m2m/m2m33.jpg ) across the channel ( st michael 's mount , cornwall ) . 
  because it 's what the elected government wanted to do ? 
  that 's utterly ridiculous . 
  germany has the 4th largest economy in the world and the 16th largest population .
