   france alone could take down the uk 's navy with it 's 4 aircraft carriers lol . 
  i like the goalpost moving with what constitutes an aircraft carrier though . 
  *** ^ / s , ^ just ^ in ^ case ^ that ^ was n't ^ clear, 
  he was also a fan of environmental conservation . 
  he was a genocidal dictator , but it does n't mean absolutely everything he ever did was terrible . 
  the typhoon will remain our primary fighter jet for air defence , while the f-35 will be our weapon of choice for expeditionary warfare and ground attack . 
  oh my god , fuck off . 
  the empire is almost entirely irrelevant to brexit . 
  most british people know next to nothing about it and people essentially never talk about it . 
  if you want to go back in our history and find a historical event that explains brexit , look at the second world war . 
  the fact that we were the only nation in western europe to fight the nazis and not be overrun firmly entrenched standing alone in europe as part of our national mythology , and because it only happened 75 years ago it 's something that is considered much more relevant . 
   losing the status as a superpower basically over night clearly you have n't studied decolonisation in any depth if you think this occurred overnight . 
   theneweuropean.co.uk clearly this will be a very unbiased source . 
  you do know it was a british empire , not an english one , right ? 
  the scots and welsh ( and , indeed , the irish , although that 's a whole lot more complicated ) were instrumental in its creation . 
  i 've never seen any polling breakdown of what scottish and english people think about the empire , so i do n't think we can definitively make a judgement . 
  i assume that you 're inferring that only people who voted leave have imperial nostalgia , but there 's no way of knowing that . 
  only those banking jobs which are necessary for a firm 's eu headquarters will be moving out of the uk , since no other financial centre in europe can even begin to challenge london 's level of expertise and experience . 
  this means very few will leave at all , and a large portion of those that do will go to dublin since they want to be in an english-speaking nation with fairly low taxation . 
  partly pensioners , but we also have an overseas territory there , [ akrotiri and dhekelia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/akrotiri_and_dhekelia ) . 
  it might be counting military personnel or their families as migrants . 
  i did read it , and i was mostly joking . 
  that being said , i would be surprised if he never even considered the possibility of the uk wanting to leave . 
  first line :  the man who wrote article 50 did not imagine his own country would be the one to use it . 
  i do n't know how anybody came to any conclusion other than that the uk was the most likely country to leave the eu . 
  * the united kingdom of the republic of ireland and northern ireland, 
   see sense  northern ireland lol, 
   today 's britain is what it is because of the empire ca n't the same be said for much of europe ? 
   which is the empire and which is very decidedly not a period of free trade the british empire was a champion of free trade from the 1840s onwards . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.ehs.org.uk/dotasset/11cabff5-3f6a-4d69-bba0-1086d69be6c7.pdf ) provides a pretty good summary . 
  if we 're just doing it for the maps , a united world is even better . 
  purely from a map porn perspective , it would look the nicest if we could have a united ireland and a united great britain . 
  i think there a bunch of old regulations about st paul 's cathedral - the view of it from several west london parks has to be unobstructed or something . 
  that could be why . 
  pls do not, 
  not much point now that we 've decided to completely ruin all your maps . 
  this might be the pettiest thing that has ever happened . 
  i do n't really get how the uk is `` noticeably absent '' . 
  it 's not like theresa may really wanted to go and make a speech about how `` our future lies with europe '' but the other countries did n't let her . 
  obviously the g20 only invites free countries like turkey , not nazis like the dutch . 
  yes , all of that is true , but it does n't mean that you can say `` we 're not doing what the people want '' . 
  the vast majority of mps voted in favour of holding a referendum on eu membership . 
  it was made clear by the government that the results of the referendum would be enacted . 
  that was the assumption that everyone was operating under during the campaign , and there 's a reason for that . 
  undermining the democratic contract between the government and the people would , in my opinion , be more damaging to the uk than brexit will be . 
  comparing the eu referendum to the vote on what to call the new research vessel is a tad ridiculous . 
  in addition , i think `` boaty mcboatface '' got a plurality , not a majority , of votes . 
  not all government policies affect everyone , but everyone is affected by government policies . 
  that means the results of a general election directly affect everyone . 
  partly , but you underestimate how many leave voters are life-long conservatives who would love economic liberalisation . 
  they have always formed the core of euroscepticism . 
  edit : spelling, 
  austria is sort of part of the german cultural region . 
  some would argue that it 's only separate because of the austro-prussian war . 
  there are much more pronounced differences between most other european countries - compare ireland to belgium , or italy to poland , or latvia to portugal and you will find that they have n't got that much in common culturally . 
  part of the unspoken contract between the people and the government in the uk is that the government will carry out what the majority of voters want , even if they are not legally bound to do so . 
  this means that the government have to do it , regardless of whether it 's a good idea or not . 
  all 65 million people are affected by every vote that takes place on a national level . 
  if anything , the eu referendum has greater legitimacy than most since turnout was higher than it is at general elections . 
  it 's the majority out of 33 million , though , which is ultimately all that matters with regards to the referendum . 
  the far-right point is separate from the one about leaving the eu . 
  i do n't think austria - or any member state other than the uk - is likely to leave the eu in the near future . 
  i was just trying to make the point that , despite brexit , the far-right is very weak in the uk . 
   17 million is not a big number it 's bigger than 16 million , though . 
   13 million did n't vote if you do n't vote , you do n't get a say . 
  voter suppression is n't a problem in the uk so it 's entirely their own fault . 
   19 million that could n't vote they could n't vote because they either were n't adults or were n't british/irish/commonwealth citizens . 
  i guess that 's fair , although i do n't see the whole `` in god we trust '' thing as particularly significant , considering the fact that the uk 's national motto is `` dieu et mon droit '' and we manage to stay fairly secular . 
  religion definitely has more of an impact on us politics than it does on european politics as a whole , although there are some parts of europe where it has a much greater influence than in the us . 
  obviously there are regional variations within germany , but there are a number of key unifying factors , such as the fact that they all speak german . 
  surely you do n't think that the differences between bavaria and westphalia are in any way comparable to the differences between norway and bulgaria ? 
  unfortunately for them , over 17 million took to the polling stations to demand it be carried out . 
   lack of religious identity [ in europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_europe#maps ) about 23 % of people are either agnostic , atheist or have no religion . 
  [ in the usa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_the_united_states ) , it 's 22.9 % . 
  tell me , then - how is europe less religious than america ? 
  what a ridiculous thing to say . 
  it is obvious that they meant that there is no * unified * european culture . 
  obviously france has its own culture , as does germany , and poland , and every other country in europe , but all those cultures are very distinctive . 
   they 're not going to leave anytime soon i agree , but it should be noted that plenty of people have been saying this for ages about the uk . 
  also , austria 's far-right candidate got 46.2 % of the vote . 
  le pen looks set to get about 25 % of the vote in the first round and 35 % in the second . 
  meanwhile , our far-right party ( if you can even really call ukip far-right ) got 12.7 % of the vote in the last general election . 
  we have much less of a problem with the far-right than most of the continent does . 
  i think that while the treaty of rome stated a commitment to `` ever-closer union '' nobody in the uk really took it seriously to begin with . 
  we sort of assumed that everyone else would be just as resistant to it as us . 
  then along came the maastricht treaty and the euro , and even though we stayed out of the eurozone it made us realise how much political capital there is behind a closely-united europe , which is something that we 've never wanted to be a part of . 
  probably had more to do with the fact that we were both protestant . 
  because we were totally gon na win it if we had n't decided to leave the eu . 
  you joke , but i think the fact that orwell included us in oceania rather than eurasia in 1984 says quite a lot about how separate we consider ourselves from europe form a cultural point of view . 
  we 're turning the entire island of great britain into an aircraft carrier called hms * britannia * that we 'll sail around the world , escorted by the hebrides and the isle of wight . 
  northern ireland will be our refueling station back in the north sea . 
  first on our schedule will be a tour of all our overseas territories , followed by a freedom of navigation mission in the south china sea . 
   uk above france  netherlands above finland  romania above bulgaria i think that basically covers it as far as rivalries go . 
   if northern ireland no longer has a unionist majority , northern ireland will no longer have a unionist majority if only we 'd had this guy around during the troubles . 
  his deep understanding of the situation would surely have been able to solve all of northern ireland 's problems . 
  what happened to the hebrides ? 
  as well as that , our conservatives are usually proper conservatives , as in they want things to stay the same . 
  they rarely enact social change , but they rarely reverse it either . 
  ` conservatives ' in the usa are more regressive than conservative , in that they usually try to take society backwards . 
  expected a picture of erdogan .
