  no way would i prefer trump . 
  may is n't my favourite , but she 's a reasonable politician and is definitely intelligent . 
  trump , on the other hand , is a raving lunatic . 
  at least our leader can speak in coherent sentences . 
  i do n't think scotland actually wants to , but the uk government is not going to roll tanks down the royal mile if they vote for independence . 
  that 's mostly because of defence cuts , but still . 
  there 's literally no way of knowing that at this stage . 
  you could be right , but right now we have no idea . 
  only if they film it . 
  i 'd pay good money to watch may , johnson , juncker and verhofstadt do team building exercises . 
  that 's not what was said . 
  they may turn the uk in a deregulated tax haven if we get a bad deal , but that does n't mean `` if we do n't get everything we want '' . 
  i disagree with theresa may on a lot of issues , but she is n't stupid and she knows that negotiations wo n't all go her way . 
  i 'm pretty sure everyone knows that nazi is short for national socialist . 
  we will `` let them go '' if the majority of people in northern ireland want to reunify - that is a provision of the good friday agreement . 
  you can argue that they 're only there in the first place because of the ulster plantation , and you 'd be largely right , but ultimately you ca n't just tell people `` you have no say because your ancestors were n't irish '' . 
  so they both worked for the bbc ? 
  were the french sailors \u00e9migr\u00e9s or simply mercenaries ? 
   scottish people must accept any westminster government england decides upon . 
  except england does n't vote as a bloc . 
  you can say the same about any part of the uk - people in the west midlands , for example , have to accept the westminster government that the rest of the country votes for . 
  obviously , the west midlands and scotland are very different , since the former is a region and the latter a country , but at the end of the day it comes back to regular old nationalism and a desire for scotland to be separate from the rest of the uk . 
  in all fairness , most unionists would say similar things about the arguments for independence . 
  as far as i 'm aware , theresa may has n't even mentioned the anglosphere . 
  i did a quick google search and could n't find anything , so if you have a source i 'd love to see it . 
  some members of the conservative party have suggested a sort of `` anglosphere alliance '' but to my knowledge none of them are in the government . 
   a higher % voted to stay in the eu than in the uk . 
  while that is true , because the turnout was much higher for the independence referendum , a higher number of scots voted against independence ( 2,001,926 ) than against brexit ( 1,661,191 ) . 
  to me , this suggests that scots simply care more about membership of the uk than they do about membership of the eu . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/sep/20/scottish-independence-lord-ashcroft-poll ) suggests that eu membership was a key issue for 15 % of no voters . 
  however , it also says that it was important to 12 % of yes voters - perhaps some people voted for independence because they saw it as a way out of the eu ? 
  [ it 's about their emperor ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kimigayo ) , in the same way that ours is about the queen . 
  i 'm not sure about canada , but australia and new zealand certainly seem somewhat enthusiastic about signing new ftas with the uk post-brexit . 
  what makes you think such trade deals are impossible ? 
   mr macron 's economic measures do not herald a big break from policies he inspired and helped implement as economy minister under socialist president fran\u00e7ois hollande . 
  could this be a hindrance , rather than a help ? 
  hollande is n't exactly the most popular of people right now in france . 
  i generally like this platform , but it does seem to open a very obvious avenue of attack for his opponents . 
  if the government was indeed directly co-operating with groups like the uvf , i have my doubts that they would ever make such information public , or i suspect that at the very least they 'd keep it under wraps until everyone involved was already dead . 
  judging by the number of downvotes on my previous comment , i was being a bit of an arse , so i apologise for that . 
  it depends what you count as a settlement . 
  ny-\u00c5lesund is the northernmost functional civilian settlement i.e. 
  ordinary people actually live there , but the northernmost permanent human settlement is [ alert ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alert,_nunavut ) in nunavut , canada . 
  in fairness to me , it 's an article from 14 years ago . 
  i do n't doubt there was collusion between elements of the security forces/military and a variety of unionist paramilitaries , but i suspect that it was units acting alone rather than actual government policy . 
  not that it made much of a difference to the people killed . 
  edit : i 'm pretty sure i did n't find the article because i specifically googled `` uk government uvf funding '' , and funding is n't mentioned in that article . 
  that 's an awfully long-winded way of saying yes . 
  am i to assume that you do n't have a source , then ? 
  but since they have n't , and it does n't seem * that * likely that they will , it 's not really a relevant point . 
  to be fair i only spent a few minutes googling it , but i have n't found anything to suggest that the uk government funded the uvf . 
  do you have a source ? 
  and while i do n't deny the fact that british soldiers committed atrocities , it 's a bit disingenuous to suggest that people were killed at every protest march . 
  d-day round 2 when ? 
  it seems a bit patronising to the rest of europe to imply that war breaks out when we stop getting involved . 
  ... all of which are either exercised by the prime minister through their prerogative powers , such as acting as commander-in-chief , or are purely ceremonial , like royal assent , which has n't been refused since 1707 . 
  if the queen tried to stop a bill from passing it would mean the end of the monarchy . 
  hand-egg is american football , not rugby . 
  hand-egg is american football , not rugby . 
  yeah , i pretty much try and eat pie whenever i leave london , especially if i 'm going north of sheffield . 
  for some reason , pie is simply better in northern england . 
  except she does n't have any power , and the money the royal family brings in to the country via tourism and the crown estate is widely accepted to be greater than the money we spend on them . 
  island privilege is best privilege . 
  i think it makes more sense to have the driver on the right , since most people are right-hand and right-eye dominant . 
  this means their dominant eye is closest to the road lines , and their dominant hand stays on the wheel when changing gears . 
  i 've also seen some statistics that suggest it 's * slightly * safer , but i ca n't find them right now . 
  most importantly , it makes it easier to hit people with swords and salute the queen . 
  i guess it 's my london bubble . 
  metropolitan elitism strikes again !, 
  so really we copied it fairly accurately . 
  also , technically that was england rather than the uk , but oh well . 
  i was really talking about england games , as in when the national team is playing , and premier league games , since those are the teams that are in the champions league , which is what i mainly associate uefa with . 
  the darien scheme was undoubtedly the spark that led to the acts of union , but political union between england and scotland had been set in motion for a long time by then . 
  royal union occured in 1603 , and several failed attempts were made to unite the two countries during the 17th century . 
  the two were jointly governed ( along with ireland ) by oliver cromwell 's commonwealth during the interregnum as well . 
  i think that , to a certain extent , the royal union made political union inevitable . 
   not sure why . 
  essentially , english ( and later british ) foreign policy has always been oriented against preventing europe from uniting against us , because the last time we had no allies on the continent was 1066 and we all know what happened then . 
  for various reasons , such as landmass and population , france has tended to be the most powerful country in western europe , so conflict between the two was somewhat inevitable . 
  other major continental powers we have fought include spain , germany and the ussr . 
  it all depends on who is the most powerful at the time . 
  non-country ? 
  quite the opposite . 
  we 're 3.1666667 countries . 
   driving on the left side which is the right side . 
  it * technically * does , since wales was legally made a full part of the kingdom of england in the 16th century , but i know what you mean . 
  perhaps not , but her protectionism may well appeal to some on the left more than macron 's liberalism or fillon 's neoliberalism . 
  of course , i would imagine most french leftists could never bring themselves to vote for the fn anyway , either due to social policies or historical reasons . 
  i think it 's pretty safe to just say this map is total bollocks then . 
  it 's still pretty weird that the one person they asked in each of those five countries gave the same answer , and that the answer was `` pie '' . 
  no , i do n't think anyone really does at football games . 
  is it possible that it 's been mistranslated ? 
  maybe irish football fans just like pies ? 
  it seems a little weird , though . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen england fans eating pies . 
  the percentage to stay in the uk at the last referendum was actually [ even higher ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gibraltar_sovereignty_referendum,_2002 ) . 
  it 's because we all have different national football teams . 
  england vs scotland games always have [ some of the best banter ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ch1lz0cyqvw ) . 
  i was suggesting that they could lend us outright , although i do n't know how feasible that would have been . 
  we would n't really have the know-how to use a borrowed one anyway , since the us use completely different ships from us - i think the idea was that the usn would crew the ship and the uk would only provide the aircrews .
