  to be fair a lot of european countries are buying f-35s . 
  germany , canada and australia were also involved in the initial invasion , and almost every western country has contributed troops since . 
  it 's not like it was just us following the americans . 
  low tax rates , maybe ? 
  nobody actually cares in britain , it 's just a bit of a joke from the telegraph 's resident political cartoonist . 
  i think the real problem for macron will be actually doing what he plans to . 
  since his party is only a year old and not well-established , there 's a real possibility that they will do very badly in the legislative elections and that macron could face a lot of opposition from the national assembly . 
  i do n't deny that many sections of the british media tend to overestimate euroscepticism on the continent , and underestimate the amount of political will behind the european project , but the independent is one of our most left-wing mainstream media outlets and hates marine le pen with a passion , which is why it publishes articles like [ this one ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/marine-le-pen-adviser-robert-menard-guilty-muslim-islam-hatred-latest-a7701721.html ) . 
  do you honestly think that the independent is disappointed about le pen losing ? 
  well it is a subreddit about donald trump . 
  not to mention the fact that she 'll probably get around 40 % in the second round . 
  ~ ~ i would guess that the others are meant to be anyone other than the top four , since macron + fillon + melenchon = about 65 % ~ ~ edit : i just realised that i completely misread their comment . 
  i have no idea what they 're on about . 
  i know you 're joking , but you make an interesting point . 
  since the french election has two rounds , there must be some people who vote in the first and then die before the second . 
  just to put this into perspective , labour have won in wales in every general election since universal suffrage was introduced in the uk . 
  if they lose wales like this they should probably just give up politics . 
  i think most people use the interstate 35 as the dividing line . 
  is it just me or is ceuta too big on this map ? 
  there wo n't be `` no eu '' if le pen wins . 
  she might not even take france out since she 'd need to win a referendum , which would have to be authourised by parliament . 
  even if she did , the eu would not instantly dissolve and the uk would be faced with a panicking eu that was desperate to hold on to what it had left . 
  the chaos would not lead to the negotiations going better . 
  as for the americans , the people around trump are not going to send the cia to help a pro-russia and anti-nato candidate win the election in a key us ally , no matter how many trade deals they 'd get . 
  an eu collapse would make brexit negotiations much , much harder . 
  bilateral trade deals might sound like a great idea to trump but there are plenty of people in place to prevent him from doing anything too idiotic . 
  i like this picture because it illustrates just how many trees there are in central london . 
  why would american and british intelligence agencies want le pen to win ? 
  or she . 
  plenty of people call it mainland europe , but i 've never understood why . 
  every true brit knows that afro-eurasia is just a minor island off the coast of kent . 
  he looks like he 's starring in an old pirate film . 
  to be fair if someone parked a motorbike there it would take up the whole street , so it 's actually reasonable . 
  8 % , or 8 mps ? 
  national polling is often a bad indicator of lib dem electoral success because they tend to be good at targeted , local campaigning in specific seats . 
  most predictors use uniform swings , which rarely apply . 
  for example , it is widely expected that the lib dems will be able to win back several of their traditional london seats which were lost to the conservatives in 2015 . 
  but england is shite at football ... 
  most beautiful hymn from ~ ~ the anglican ~ ~ any tradition imho . 
   calling us soft when we apparently have better rugby players okay, 
   british , danish , german and swedish tourists fighting it out to out-douche one another so who won ? 
  what did northumbrians do to deserve the title of `` quality lads '' ? 
  lib dems get dicked by fptp , but if we 're lucky we may get up to about 30 mps . 
  yes , but in such an instance `` independence '' refers to the region that is seceding and `` territorial integrity '' refers to the country it is seceding from . 
  you would never say `` we recognise spanish independence rather than catalan independence '' - you would say `` we recoginse spanish territorial integrity rather than catalan independence '' . 
   azerbaijan 's independence this is n't relevant since this is referring to a region seceding from azerbaijan , not azerbaijan seceding from somewhere else . 
   its territorial integrity this is what you are recognising , and if you recognise it you are n't recognising nagorno-karabakh 's independence . 
  proving my point that they 're not the same concept . 
   external self-determination refers to full legal independence that 's exactly what i 'm saying . 
  you said it meant respecting territorial integrity . 
  legal independence and territorial integrity are , as i have repeatedly said , often diametrically opposed . 
  if you recognise nagorno-karabakh 's independence , you are violating azerbaijan 's territorial integrity . 
   it means acknowledging other countries ' sovereignty and territorial integrity . 
  this is what you claimed self-determination meant . 
  there is nothing about sovereignty or territorial integrity in that link , therefore it does contradict what you said . 
   it only means what you think it means when that outcome happens to be opportune anyway . 
  yes , this is an issue with international law in general - it does n't really exist since it is often unenforceable . 
  that does n't change the fact that self-determination and territorial integrity are not the same . 
  they are essentially opposites . 
  solid argument mate . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.law.cornell.edu/wex/self_determination_international_law ) is what self-determination means . 
  it has nothing to do with sovereignty or territorial integrity . 
  in fact some would argue that it contradicts those concepts . 
  i think you 're confusing self-determination with westphalian sovereignty . 
  i just want north america to be north america . 
  all these fucking white people , coming over the atlantic , bringing their disease , killing our people , it 's fucking disgraceful . 
  why do n't we just send them all back ? 
  yes , there is . 
  there are clear origins of the principle in the first half of the 20th century . 
  some would point to the atlantic charter , others would point to woodrow wilson 's 14 points , but as a principle self-determination undeniably exists - in fact , it is one of the central principles of modern international law . 
  the issue with self-determination is dispute over what `` peoples '' are , since there is no universally-accepted definition . 
  however , most would agree that a `` people '' would be a group connected by language , culture , ethnicity , etc , and not a group living within random territorial boundaries . 
  yes , * technically * liverpool could become independent , but not under the traditional principle of self-determination . 
  there is no such thing as `` liverpudlian nationalism '' or any similar ideology . 
  they are british isles , but they 're not part of the british isles . 
  everything we do in this country is designed to confuse foreigners . 
  the sun never sets on the british ~ ~ tax havens ~ ~ empire !, 
  frankly , nobody ~ ~ in europe ~ ~ outside of argentina supports argentina 's position . 
   what if a muslim district of london would vote for joining pakistan ? 
  that district is n't really a separate entity , so has no legal right to self-determination in the sense that the falkland islands do . 
  that 's why scotland can become independent from the uk but liverpool ca n't . 
  would you care to explain how all the muslims that will be going to ireland in the future are causing high fertility rates right now ? 
  yeah because ireland is known for its high proportion of muslims . 
  the ministry of the interior have now said that the second police officer is n't dead , btw, 
  to be honest , she 's probably more angry than anything else . 
  while i practically never agree with her , she undoubtedly believes that she is in the right . 
  for her , this will not be a political weapon so much as a validation of her points of view . 
  source ? 
  not denying it but i 'd like a source all the same . 
  meanwhile the lib dems got 7.9 % of the vote and 8 mps , and ukip got 12.7 % and 1 mp . 
  a couple of notes : * the lib dems will probably do a bit better than this since they tend to be good at targetted campaigning * unionist tactical voting in scotland could see 5-10 extra seats lost by the snp, 
  that 's the idea , but there 's only one rail track going from britain to france , whereas if the french or germans are using trains to get to latvia they have a lot more options . 
  we 'd have to bring all our vehicles down to dover , load them on whatever trains we could find and then make the crossing . 
  we 'd also probably have to move them over to a different train at some point once we reached the mainland . 
  a couple of notes : * we really need to invest more in wales . 
  the barnett formula needs to go . 
  * it 's funny how the north-south divide in spain and italy is reversed in portugal * why is the north coast of russia so rich ? 
  is it oil ? 
  * southern germany needs to calm down, 
  i imagine venezuela and possibly north korea would recognise it as well , so they 'd be in good company .
