  that may be the case , but it 's completely irrelevant , since the point that i was making was that nobody threatened to nuke spain . 
  in all fairness he never mentioned nukes , only nuclear submarines . 
  he 's still giving brits a bad name though . 
  well at least we 've got a proper union jack now , rather than three deformed ones, 
  to be fair , the union jack is one of the more complicated flags to make . 
  we 've done a really shit job of it regardless . 
  i think you mean that the remain camp was all too willing to cast all leavers as xenophobes . 
  being able to move to other parts of the eu is great for relatively wealthy middle-class people , and they overwhelmingly voted remain . 
  most of the people who voted leave are working-class and had no prospects of being able to use their freedom of movement anyway , so they do n't really lose anything . 
  essentially . 
  a lot of people just do n't want all of the extra baggage that goes with it . 
  most people want as much co-operation as possible , but they do n't want eu laws to have supremacy over uk ones , want to end freedom of movement , and want the uk to be able to make our own trade deals with other countries . 
  there are of course other reasons but those are the major ones . 
  the idea is to stay in institutions like europol , euratom ( which we will have to leave under article 50 but i think the plan is to rejoin ) and the european space agency . 
  so long as there 's a reasonable exit deal we 'll retain our roles in all of those and more . 
  we 're also hoping to get a cefta-style trade agreement . 
  britain does n't want nothing to do with europe . 
  the government wants a close partnership that includes things like a good trade agreement , security and intelligence co-operation and research collaboration between our universities . 
  yes , thatcher went much too far with her neoliberalism , but some degree of economic liberalisation was definitely needed . 
  the post-war consensus had led to a fairly long period of stagflation and fundamental changes to the way the economy worked were required . 
  i remember a while back when david cameron was asked about how polls on twitter had him way behind labour , and he said `` britain is n't twitter '' . 
  might the same apply to france ? 
   our divorce from the uk was more violent . 
  hey , you do n't know that . 
  anything could happen in the next couple of years . 
  because they 're not in it in the first place , which is my point . 
  it 's r/europe , not / r/eu i get that it 's a joke but it still seems odd . 
  it does seem kind of silly that the uk is gone when countries like russia , turkey and azerbaijan are still there . 
  edit : just noticed that all the uk flag flairs have been changed to eu ones so i changed it to england . 
  all credit to the mods - it gave me a good laugh . 
  it 's an overseas territory , meaning it 's not part of the uk , but it 's under uk sovereignty . 
  well , no . 
  the longer we 're out the wider the gap between our laws and regulations and their european counterparts , and the more difficult it will be for scotland to rejoin . 
  i also suspect that the eu 's proportion of our trade will decrease , since it has been going down for some time now and that process could well be accelerated by brexit , meaning that the eu 's relevance to the scottish economy will likely decline . 
  developments in the eu will also make a difference - although most scots voted remain , most are still eurosceptic to some extent . 
  further integration of the other eu members could well make eu membership less attractive to scotland . 
  that being said , the nationalists could always decide to pursue eea membership instead . 
  he/she made a stupid and inane comment that i thought was disrespectful to england and northern ireland . 
  i felt as though i had the right to respond with a stupid and inane comment that was disrespectful to him/her . 
  you were talking about traditions so i decided to talk about traditions . 
   continuance of your aristocracy i 'll admit that this is n't great but it has almost no practical issues . 
  the 92 life peers make up a fairly small proportion of the house of lords , and the lords almost never make meaningful changes anyway , since they 're only a revising chamber and can only block legislation for a year . 
  to be honest there are plenty of other issues with the lords that are far worse , like cronyism . 
  as for obedience to authority , there are obvious modern-day examples of the british people being more resistant to authority than our friends on the continent . 
  many other european nations have armed police and compulsory id cards , both of which are considered basically unthinkable in the uk . 
  so their manifesto said nothing about what would get them to support a second referendum , only how they would campaign in the event of one . 
  i 'll admit that i was wrong and that it was n't a break of their manifesto , but they had said that they would n't try to hold a second referendum in the absence of public support , so it 's still a little dodgy if you ask me . 
  i do n't really understand what 's funny , to be honest . 
  the uk is still a european liberal democracy and will continue to be after leaving the eu . 
  if anything , the government have more to laugh about that the opposition here - i think that line was probably included as a joke at the expense of the melodramatics who like to suggest that all brexiteers are racist fascists . 
  this comes from a remainer who votes for the lib dems . 
  most people in wales voted to leave as well , so there 's that . 
  besides , all four constituent countries will be leaving . 
  i do n't expect them to be able to speak fluent english , but spelling scotland is n't very difficult especially when it 's on the front page of this subreddit basically every day . 
  if i was in a spanish-speaking forum i 'd probably make sure to spell `` catalu\u00f1a '' correctly . 
  i doubt it . 
  having a referendum during the negotiations was obviously an attempt for an independent scotland to never leave the eu in the first place , but it 's now pretty clear that scotland will leave the eu as part of the uk before another referendum happens . 
  the longer scotland is out of the eu the less appetite there will be to get back in . 
  the green manifesto explicitly stated that they would n't vote in favour of a second referendum unless polling showed that most scots wanted one . 
  since polling shows the opposite , the greens have directly broken their own manifesto promise . 
  edit : i was wrong - it was n't a manifesto promise , just a random statement . 
  we 'd actually prefer that . 
  we can go right in the middle of australia and new zealand and call it the archipelago of british spin-off nations . 
   a stronger tradition of obedience to authority let 's see : * established habeas corpus in 1215 * abolished serfdom in 14th century ( scotland ) and 15th century ( england and wales ) * home to the `` mother of all parliaments '' * etc , etc besides , we were the oc revolutionaries in europe ( at least , the english were ) . 
  king charles i lost his head almost 150 years before king louis xvi . 
  then , when we brought the monarchy back , we made it very clear that they were there to serve the people and not the other way round ( see : the glorious revolution and the act of settlement ) . 
   england * intense triggering commences *, 
  you care about scotland so much that you ca n't even spell it . 
  edit : i was a dick and i apologise, 
   laws that 's fair enough , common law is most definitely english in origin  institutions the institutions of the british empire were largely based on the institutions of britain , which evolved enormously from the act of union onwards and therefore ca n't be considered fully english . 
   social structures both england and scotland had very similar social structures before the act of union , so there 's essentially no distinction to make there . 
   education routes if anything , british education has been more influenced by scotland than england . 
  scotland was the first country in the world to introduce primary education for all , if my memory serves me correctly . 
  i do n't fully understand what you 're defining as the `` character '' of the empire . 
  i guess you could regard all the `` scottish '' and `` irish '' regiments of the canadian , australian and new zealand militaries as evidence of influence from other parts of the uk . 
  bagpipes are certainly prevalent in all of the former white dominions and even to a lesser extent in india . 
  what 's archaic about the royal prerogative ? 
  all the powers it covers are exercised by the prime minister . 
   house of lords i agree , it 's bad , but it did n't cause brexit  draconian surveillance same as above  stuart ramsay being sent here what ? 
  the loss of the thirteen colonies firmly cemented the empire as being british rather than english , since they were the only really major colonies from before the act of union . 
  all colonies after that were a joint effort , and scotland , wales and ireland contributed disproportionately considering their relative populations to england . 
  the first british empire ( i.e. 
  pre-declaration of independence ) had an atlantic focus and was very much english in nature , but the second british empire was decidedly british . 
  genuinely , why do you hate the uk so much ? 
  what i mean is that the break-up of the uk would be more significant than the uk leaving the eu , although if the latter leads to the former it will be difficult to disassociate them . 
  i 'm thoroughly sick of all the poker metaphors already . 
  i think the next two years might kill me . 
  assuming scottish independence does n't happen , it almost certainly will be . 
  lol . 
  it 's funny because i 'm actually wearing all black tomorrow , just not because of brexit . 
  i sort of took your `` hitler used them '' point as an argument against them . 
  it 's not a contradiction , i 'm just trying to work out how you figured out that scots feel differently about the empire without using the outcome of the referendum . 
  if that 's not what you 're assuming , how did you come to the conclusion that scottish and english people have wildly different views of the empire ? 
  so you 're admitting that referendums can be a good thing , then ? 
  you know that is n't what i 'm saying . 
  what i 'm saying is that hitler did a lot of things , and many were normal , human things - eating food , wearing clothes , etc. 
  just because hitler did those things does n't mean the rest of us should n't . 
  napoleon was also a huge fan of referendums , and r/europe absolutely loves him . 
  yes , you can use referenda to do bad things , but that does n't automatically mean we should n't use them at all . 
  we 'd let you invade over the irish border and watch you promptly retreat when you realised just how many mental unionists were about to kill you .
