  she already is an ally . 
  she 's been explicitly clear in a number of speeches , and in the recent white paper released on brexit , that the british government bears no ill-will towards the eu . 
  she realises that the eu collapsing would be a disaster . 
  i 'm not a fan of her politics , but she knows what she 's doing . 
  taken straight from the article :  they 're much less concerned about religious beliefs or whether you 're gay , lesbian or straight , which people were previously more concerned about . 
  they are much more accepting of diversity , but they are also much more accepting of economic inequality . 
  so really it looks like young people are becoming more liberal across the board , and moving away from social democracy towards more centrist economics . 
  i think it might be a bit premature to predict that . 
  after all , it looks like the real experts were wrong with a lot of their predictions , and i do n't exactly trust a bunch of random redditors to be any better than they are . 
  that being said , it 's looking a lot better than i expected . 
  there was definitely a good deal of truth behind the whole `` project fear '' accusation . 
  i 'm getting triggered ? 
  you 're the one comparing the uk to the axis powers because most of us voted to leave the eu . 
   i 'm not saying i 'm right and you 're wrong , but i 'm right and you 're wrong, 
  the uk ? 
  you mean that country that 's [ more pro-nato ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2017/01/26/nato-enthusiasm-lower-us-europe-americans-dont-agr/ ) than germany and france ? 
  compared to most other nato members , the uk is positively hawkish about russia . 
  no remainer with half a brain expected parliament to vote against ~ ~ executing order 66 ~ ~ activating article 50 . 
  the legal challenge was more about checking government power than anything else , since bypassing parliament would set a precedent for unchecked executive power . 
  in naval terms , that is generally considered less than an aircraft carrier , not more . 
  while assault ships are more versatile , carriers are still the centrepiece of naval operations . 
  those `` boneheaded decisions '' were a product of the time . 
  what would you have the generals of the day do ? 
  they could n't sit in a trench the whole time - artillery and sniper fire killed hundreds or even thousands of men every day even when there was n't a major offensive - and had to end the war . 
  since a political resolution was n't reached , a military resolution became the only option , and that meant major offensives , such as verdun or the somme , were necessary . 
  what would you have done as a commander in ww1 ? 
  it 's funny , i never see or hear any of my fellow brits mention the empire . 
  the only time it comes up is when other europeans want to criticise britain . 
  definitely just american . 
  i know that our royal marines do n't mind being called soldiers . 
  i 'm just gon na go ahead and assume you have no evidence to substantiate any of your claims then , since you have n't presented any and i ca n't find any through google . 
  the royal prerogative powers of the british monarch are in reality exercised by the prime minister and the cabinet . 
   queen elizabeth ii alone appoints military commanders military commanders are appointed on the recommendation of the secretary of state for defence to the prime minister . 
  the queen * technically * has to approve these appointments , but she * technically * has to approve all acts of parliament as well . 
  the last time the monarch blocked parliament or the government was in 1707 . 
   queen elizabeth ii presides over a weekly meeting of the joint intelligence committee i 've never heard about this before , and have n't been able to find anything that suggests this on the internet . 
  unless you present a source i will assume that this is a blatant lie . 
   innate male misogyny prevents people from seeing this the uk is so innately misogynistic that we have a female head of state and a female head of government . 
   she ordered bombings and assassinations i 'd love to see your evidence on this one . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/member_states_of_nato most of europe is allied with turkey . 
  maga is the acronym used for trump 's signature `` make america great again '' slogan . 
  mega stands for make europe great again . 
  nice to see a fellow lib dem ( although i guess i should n't be too surprised considering it 's r/europe ) if we get a good deal , i 'll be very happy . 
  if we get a bad one , though , i do n't think theresa may should accept it . 
  doing so would certainly demonstrate to the eu that we 're willing to walk away from a bad deal , and might get us a better fta with them , which is more important considering the fact that they 're our largest trade partner and are right next door . 
  i suspect they mean we could choose to stay in the eu , which is a bit silly considering the fact that we 've already chosen to leave . 
  did somebody say commonwealth free trade agreement ? 
  i hope you brought your desalination equipment . 
  i think it 's a bit ridiculous to talk about defeating germany in 1945 . 
  we 're allies now and will hopefully remain so after we leave the eu . 
  i do agree with the point about seeing any country that is n't the usa or china , or in the eu , as weak . 
  we have the 9th highest gdp in the world by ppp ( 5th highest in absolute terms ) , placing us above canada , which does n't seem to do too badly out of ceta and nafta . 
  to be fair you actually did go to war with us in 1812 . 
  so what do we think ? 
  will this allow macron to beat him in the first round , or just help le pen in the second ? 
  theresa may has explicitly said she does n't want the eu to break up . 
  meanwhile , she has gone on a trip to see him and seemingly convinced him to be more supportive of nato ( although it remains to be seen how long that lasts ) . 
  this is a good thing . 
   do you * want * to bomb arabs in deserts ? 
  well apparently we do , since parliament voted in favour of it . 
  it 's not like we 're the only country in europe that 's bombing the middle east right now . 
  you 're right that we should n't expect a very good trade deal from the usa though . 
  i think pretty much everyone in britain understands that we 're playing with fire here , but we do n't really have a choice . 
  we ca n't just alienate the usa because we do n't like their president ( even we * really * do n't like him ) , and if we 're * very * lucky we might be able to get a half-decent trade deal out of this after we leave the eu . 
  frankly , may has increased a little in my estimation because of her handling of the whole trump situation . 
  she certainly seems to be trying to discourage his anti-nato ideas , which can only be a good thing , although i suspect his talks with putin tomorrow might throw a bit of a spanner in the works on that front . 
  it seems a bit surreal to see trump next to an actual serious leader of a country , though . 
  i 'm not may 's biggest fan , but at least she speaks in coherent sentences . 
  how about we replace it with 1/6 of a harp ? 
  deconquista ? 
  kissing american arses so much that we [ burnt down the white house ] ( https://adcochrane.files.wordpress.com/2014/09/burning-of-the-white-house.jpg ), 
  none of them have flairs , so i would n't be so sure . 
  my guess would be that most of them are 14-year-old american alt-righters . 
  they 've been popping up on any thread related to trump or brexit . 
  oi , we have first dibs on them !, 
  he was talking about the guy you replied to , not about you . 
  not only that , but the vast majority of right-wingers who voted for brexit are n't far-right . 
  people often forget that euroscepticism has always been a much more mainstream view in the uk than in almost any other country . 
  * british, 
   `` we are neutral '' well , it 's switzerland . 
  is n't neutrality kinda their thing ? 
  `` anti-globalists of the world unite ! '', 
  is probably the most ironic battle-cry ever . 
  the point i 'm making is that one could just as easily argue that said norman king ( i think it was henry ii ) was sort of norwegian , since the norman aristocracy were descended from norsemen originally . 
  besides , european royal families were always so inter-married that many of them could barely be considered one nationality at all . 
  my mistake , i was getting confused about language groups and for some reason thought norman was different from french . 
  from what i 've heard , the allegiance to the king of france was essentially in name only and the dukes of normandy could act with complete impunity , but feel free to correct me on that one . 
  i get your point , and i was mostly just being facetious . 
  however , it 's important from a historical perspective to view normandy at that time as being separate from france , since the normans were themselves descended from scandinavians , spoke a different language and were politically independent . 
  it 's a bit like how if scotland left the uk , one could technically still call them british as they are part of the island of great britain , but you probably would n't for political reasons . 
  by the time the angevin empire was a thing , the nobility in england were predominantly anglo-norman due to intermarrying between the norman nobility and the anglo-saxons , while the nobility in france were predominantly french . 
  the normans gradually came to consider themselves english , with some doing so as early as the 12th century , and almost all of them by the 14th century . 
  i prefer proto-fascist , since trump/farage/le pen etc are nowhere near the stage where we can make a reasonable comparison with , say , nazi germany , but clearly show signs of leaning that way . 
  however , i would say the whole debate over names is a bit pointless and we may as well just call them far-right extremist bastards . 
  i 'd love to know the methodology they use for calculating roughly how many people are lying to them . 
  if you follow that line of thought to its logical conclusion , the ethiopian empire is the largest the world has ever seen . 
  i view it in the same way that us troops pledge allegiance to the constitution , not the president . 
  it 's a clear symbol that they 're there to serve the country , not whoever the prime minister happens to be . 
  there 's nothing wrong with taking the piss out of oneself , but r/uk goes further than that . 
  it is simply a very negative sub .
