  the websites of the uk parliament , the scottish parliament , the bbc , and others , including the historical association , refer to the state created on 1 may 1707 as the united kingdom of great britain . 
  additionally , the term united kingdom was found in informal use during the 18th century to describe the state . 
   scotland is one of the most left-wing countries in europe i do n't really believe that . 
  the snp really are n't * that * left-wing , and social attitudes surveys consistently show scotland to be very similar to the rest of the uk . 
  the conservatives used to do very well in scotland before thatcher dicked them over , and they appear to be making a small comeback . 
   i never once endorsed the actions of the ira your response to / u/marinechronometer makes it pretty clear that you 're defending the ira , if not quite endorsing their actions . 
   that 's why they 're called terrorists so you 're saying we should n't condemn the actions of terrorists because they 're terrorists and it 's just what they do ? 
  is that what you told everyone on 11th september 2001 ? 
  do n't condemn the actions of the uk government and security forces and not the actions of the ira . 
  both sides should be condemned for the killing of civillians and all manner of other war crimes . 
  essentially what you 're saying is that terrorism is alright so long as you agree with the cause . 
  this is an annual budget , so only applies to the next year . 
  besides , austerity ca n't be extended to 2022 , since we have a general election in 2020 . 
  what a surprise - it turns out some nationalists are actually nationalists . 
  that 's basically what i mean . 
  if it were an occupation , a referendum would be completely off the cards . 
  the un officially classify gibraltar as a non-self-governing territory , but it is self-governing in all areas except defence , intelligence and foreign policy . 
  the government of gibraltar themselves have tried to get gibraltar reclassified by the un , so they obviously do n't consider themselves a colony . 
  ireland will be reunited as soon as referendums on both sides of the border express majority support for it , and not before . 
  this is a position that all of us should support - all of us who do n't want a second troubles , at least . 
  who 's threatening french territories ( i assume you 're talking about the overseas departments ) ? 
  genuine question . 
  i do n't really know , i just remember reading that the population growth rate in ireland was higher at the time of the famine than it was in great britain . 
  i suspect it was driven as much by industrialisation in the north of ireland as it was by high birth rates in the south . 
  the ulster unionists have been getting far more socially progressive than the democratic unionists recently , although i 'm not sure if that will continue under whoever their next leader is , and there is the progressive unionist party , but they 're very small . 
  i suspect that more than a few socially liberal unionists voted for alliance this election . 
  i think the irish population growth rate was actually slightly higher than that of great britain , because catholics tend to have more children than protestants , so it could actually be a bit higher than 30 million . 
  technically the french did it first , but slavery was then reinstated under napoleon . 
  i think they 're talking about diana . 
  i 've seen this person on this sub a fair bit , and they think that the uk is still an absolute monarchy run solely by the queen , and that nobody realises because they 're too misogynistic to think a woman could lead the uk . 
  i think it 's safe to say we should n't take them too seriously . 
   also , those two universities with that reputation only really has a reputation as a finishing school for public school children . 
  little tories in the production line to maintain a very english status quo . 
  they 're rated by tradition , not by research , development and academic output . 
  scottish universities have a much better reputation for this . 
  oxford and cambridge are not `` finishing schools '' . 
  they are widely regarded to be two of the best universities in the world and are * huge * players in research and development . 
  besides , the vast majority of students and university staff are left-wing . 
  i know this anecdotally and from studies such as [ this ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/education/2017/03/02/eight-ten-british-university-lecturers-left-wing-survey-finds/ ) . 
  they are n't creating `` little tories '' by any stretch of the imagination . 
  there 's also a worry that if a bunch of unionists vote for alliance , all the nationalists will vote for sinn fein and unionism will have little political representation . 
  nationalists have the same worry but swap sinn fein with the dup . 
  this is part of why alliance does n't get that many votes . 
  i 'll admit that i 'm probably not the best person to ask , but i 'll give it a go . 
  the dup are * very * socially conservative , preventing things like abortion and gay marriage in northern ireland , which puts off a lot of people . 
  the are also essentially the anti-sinn fein , with a dodgy history of ties to unionist paramilitaries , and completely refuse to cross the aisle to work with nationalist - or even neutral - parties . 
  however , the most obvious factor in this election is the renewable heat incentive scheme that had been run by the dup , intended to promote the use of biomass heaters for homes and small businesses . 
  i do n't really know the details , but it was discovered that the scheme was being abused and that about # 140 million was overspent . 
  if someone else who knows more than i do could fill in the gaps i 've left , i would be grateful . 
   which is debatable whether or not scotland would be responsible for the deficit what is the debate over this ? 
  i 'm genuinely asking , i always assumed scotland would be fully responsible for their deficit in the event of independence . 
   those are basically the only two universities with any sort of reputation the only two universities with that reputation * in the uk * . 
  scotland has none . 
  you still have n't explained how scotland has `` a better tradition of education in general '' compared to ruk . 
   unionists understood that leaving the eu would rally support for independence polls show us that leaving the eu has n't rallied much support for independence . 
  i think what unionists understood was that the snp would use a leave victory to pressure for a second independence referendum . 
   scotland can not manage their own taxation autonomously mostly true , although some powers over taxation have been devolved . 
  the fact remains , though , that there will be a # 15bn black hole in the scottish budget if they leave the uk . 
  to fill it by increasing tax , each scot would ( on average ) have to pay # 3000 extra per year , although obviously they could introduce a highly-progressive system so that most scots paid much less than that . 
   oxford and cambridge are two universities yes , and i left out durham , manchester , exeter , lancaster , york , the four major london universities and a whole host of others . 
  obviously scotland has fewer top-notch unis - the rest of the uk has about 12x as many people . 
   their standard of education is higher then in england and wales , so they are more than happy to give free fees to other eu students , but not to the uk are you implying that they think english education standards are too low but hungarian standards ( no offence intended ) are high enough ? 
   a lot of people voted to remain in the uk over fear mongering that they would n't be part of the eu if they left [ this ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/sep/20/scottish-independence-lord-ashcroft-poll ) suggests that the eu was an important factor for 15 % of no voters , but also for 12 % of yes voters . 
  perhaps some people voted for independence as a way out of the eu ? 
  besides , it 's a mistake to think that scotland is heavily pro-europe . 
  the large remain majority can be explained by the following : * scotland has always been slightly less eurosceptic than england * some unionists are thought to have voted remain tactically to avoid a second independence referendum * the leave campaign had almost no presence in scotland polling and social attitude surveys have consistently shown most scots to be `` soft eurosceptics '' - i.e. 
  they have a transactional rather than an ideological attachment to the eu . 
  since the economic argument favours the uk over the eu , i think it unlikely that enough scots would be swayed by the results of the eu referendum . 
   opinion polls show consistent rise in support for independence [ not really ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_on_scottish_independence ) . 
  there does n't seem to be much of a pattern in those polls , and since theresa may became prime minister , `` no '' has won every single poll , forming the longest winning streak so far for `` no '' . 
   voted against brexit just to try and avoid another independence referendum i 've been wondering how much of this happened . 
  could you shed any light on that ? 
  i imagine any evidence you have is anecdotal , but still . 
   scotland knows it 's being shafted by the uk the ~ # 15bn fiscal transfer from ruk to scotland would suggest that this is not the case . 
   higher standard of learning and education i think scotland scores slighly above ruk at primary and secondary level , but you 're talking about universities here . 
  scotland has some excellent universities , but it simply ca n't compare to oxford and cambridge . 
   they know they can do better and make better decisions autonomously . 
  the results of the 2014 referendum , and current opinion polling , suggest that most scots do not know that they can do better outside the uk . 
  to be honest , i think it has more to do with the dup being colossal thundercunts . 
  obviously there 's been some backlash against the uk as a result of brexit , but opinion polling still shows a unionist majority in northern ireland , albeit one that has been slightly reduced since the referendum . 
  from this map it looks like northumberland national park has about the same amount of light pollution as the highlands . 
  i guess we 'd be the kingdom of great britain again , and we 'd have to take st. patrick 's saltire off the union jack . 
  since i hate border gore ( even if its really minor ) i would n't mind a united ireland , but i would rather scotland , england and wales stay together . 
  200k is not enough to swing the result in favour of independence , since it lost by a margin of about 380,000 , and in the last referendum the youngest ages groups [ voted against independence ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-glasgow-west-34283948 ) . 
  besides , this is ignoring the possibility that some scots voted for independence because they saw it as a way out of the eu , and would now change their vote . 
  bear in mind that about 35 % of snp voters are thought to have voted leave . 
  holy shit , [ you 're right ] ( http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/industry/manufacturing-output ) . 
  that 's pretty surprising , i expected countries like india to be far above us . 
  i guess it 's because we manufacture high-tech goods , which are worth a lot more . 
  itt : people who think it 's possible to build a decent-sized empire on a cold breakfast . 
  i thought it said `` humanity '' for a second and i was wondering how they 'd find it . 
   other countries thinking they know more about civilised beverages, 
  why would they want to replace government from westminster with government from brussels ? 
  as it stands , the uk government has far more control over scotland than the eu government would if they were independent . 
  if that were to change , all the arguments for independence would apply to the eu . 
  if i were scottish , i would n't vote to leave the uk without some guarantee that the eu * is n't * headed for federalisation . 
   a higher % voted to stay in the eu over the uk that is true . 
  however , a higher actual number of scots voted to stay in the uk than in the eu ( 2,001,926 vs 1,661,191 ) . 
  turnout in scotland was 84.6 % for the independence referendum and only 67.2 % for the eu referendum . 
  to me , this suggests that in general scots care more about the uk than they do about the eu .
