  destroying the uk would , for me , be destroying a large part of my identity . 
  to be fair , she said '' * more * uncertainty and division '' . 
  she accepts that uncertainty and division is the name of the game now , but why add more fuel to the fire ? 
  british nationalism unifies the component cultures and points out that there are so few differences between england , scotland and wales ( i leave out northern ireland on purpose here ) that they barely warrant discussing . 
   subordinates to the english pm there is no english pm , only a british one . 
   if england and wales both had devolved assemblies wales has one . 
   the uk parliament was made up of equal numbers of english , scottish , welsh and ni mps because 2 million northern irish people should have the same voting power as 50 million english people . 
  the scottish electorate will never accept the euro . 
  the auld alliance became essentially irrelevant once england and scotland both became protestant nations while france remained catholic . 
  you are having a laugh if you think that scotland is more similar to countries on the continent than it is to england . 
  the story of tuition fees is a tragic one . 
  tuition fees were implemented by the uk parliament ( i think in 2004 ) . 
  they only passed by a * very * small majority - a majority that would n't have existed without scottish labour mps voting in favour of tuition fees . 
  however , tuition fees had just been devolved to the scottish parliament , meaning the vote in the uk parliament did n't apply to scotland . 
  so the rest of the uk ends of paying tuition fees while scotland gets to use money from the rest of the uk to provide free university . 
  meanwhile , scottish universities somehow manage to have lower social mobility than those in the rest of the uk , with fewer people from poorer backgrounds attending . 
  the eu was in the ` top three ' factors for 15 % of `` no '' voters and 12 % of `` yes '' voters , showing that some people voted `` no '' because they wanted to stay in the eu , and some people voted `` yes '' because they wanted to leave . 
  i suspect that 's why there has n't been much change in the polls since before the eu referendum . 
   the eu is more democratic than the uk . 
  okay , the european parliament is elected more proportionally than the uk one , but it ca n't initiate legislation and is regarded by many to be something of a rubber-stamp for the commission . 
  besides , scotland gets ~ 9 % of the mps in the uk parliament . 
  they would get what , less than 1 % of meps ? 
  the uk is not a union of nations - it is one nation , and it is a nation in which everyone is equal . 
  the 5 million people of scotland should not be able to outvote the 60 million other people in the uk . 
  i 'm in a similar position to you . 
  i genuinely ca n't imagine how i would feel if britain were to break up . 
  i do n't mind if northern ireland unites with the republic , since its existence is essentially an accident of history , but i have always considered myself british , with family and friends in england , scotland and wales . 
  i do n't think i could ever really call myself english - while i am english in a geographical sense , it is n't my national identity . 
  i simply ca n't see any real differences between england , scotland and wales . 
  we have such close ties in all aspects of life - politics , culture , language . 
  i know very few people who have n't got some sort of scottish or welsh ancestry . 
  my british identity forms a very large part of who i am , and i struggle to believe that it could be taken away from me over the eu . 
  62 % of scots voted for the uk to remain in the eu , so they definitely like it more than the english or welsh . 
  that being said , almost everyone in the uk - no matter what part - is what could be described as a `` soft '' eurosceptic . 
  basically , as a nation we have always had a transactional relationship with the eu and very little emotional connection . 
  my opinion is that an independent scotland would be on of the most eurosceptic countries in the eu . 
  i was trying to ask whether or not an independent scotland in the eea would be able to make a trade deal with the uk that covered services . 
  sorry if that was n't clear . 
  it ca n't * just * be that a majority voted to leave the eu - most welsh people did as well , and they do n't get the same hate . 
  and that 's without talking about the norwegians , who voted against joining in the first place but are still loved by everyone . 
  does scotland get enough ruk students to cause such a large swing ? 
  i know many people who have ruled out scottish universities because they have to pay while scottish students do not . 
  simple extrapolation would suggest that only about 25-30 % of 16-24 year olds voted `` no '' . 
  are ruk students really numerous enough to cause a 25-30 % swing ? 
  would that include eea trade deals ? 
  some have suggested that an independent scotland could go eea instead of eu . 
  so trade with ruk is worth about 25 % of scotland 's gdp . 
  that 's a pretty insane amount . 
  the vast majority of scottish servicemen and women in the uk armed forces would want to stay in the uk armed forces after independence . 
  that 's interesting , [ this ] ( http://whatscotlandthinks.org/questions/moreno-national-identity-six-answer-options#line ) paints a very different picture . 
  good thing we 've got the same one then . 
  i do n't know how countries with clear linguistic divides ( like belgium ) deal with it . 
  yes , but the specifics of what that entailed were n't laid out . 
  i think a lot of people feel that , for example , there should have been a referendum on accepting the maastricht treaty . 
  edit : also , accepting freedom of movement of labour with germany and france is very different from accepting it with romania and bulgaria . 
  while that is true to a certain extent , 40 years of the eec changing dramatically and becoming the eu without the public being asked to vote on it played a part as well . 
  which polls suggest that ? 
  i have n't seen any , and to my knowledge unionism is much stronger in england than in scotland or northern ireland . 
   2014 - russia gains control of sevastopol  2017 - russia gains control of the bosphorus yeah , that 's not a good idea . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tayto_ ( northern_ireland ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tayto_ ( republic_of_ireland ) yes , royal tayto is far superior to radical republican tayto . 
  which tayto are you talking about ? 
  the northern irish one or the one in the republic ? 
  most of us knew it too . 
  unfortunately , most members of the labour party did not . 
  as an aside : imagine an anglosphere rugby team !, 
  the overseas departments send representatives to the french parliament , so i do n't see why we should n't count them . 
  i get belgium , what with the whole wallonia/flanders thing ( although i do n't think a belgian break-up is really on the cards at the moment ) , but what about france ? 
  is there a sizeable independence movement in brittany or something ? 
  whatever the exact number is , the point is that it 's a fraction of the number of scots living in england . 
  it 's an interesting point about the young scots wanting independence . 
  while [ some sources ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/sep/20/scottish-independence-lord-ashcroft-poll ) show massive support for independence amongst the young , [ others ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-glasgow-west-34283948 ) suggest that most young people are unionists . 
  it 's also unclear whether people get more unionist as they get older or keep the same views . 
  gon na need a source on that one . 
  unionism is essentially the default position in england and wales , since it 's a position held by the conservatives , labour , lib dems , ukip and greens . 
  as a legal entity , `` england '' was renamed `` england and wales '' in 1967 , when the wales and berwick act 1746 was repealed . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/england_and_wales ), 
  surely that 's a little high , since scotland makes up about 7.5 % of our population ? 
  is there any evidence to suggest that scots are more likely to go to the eu than other uk citizens ? 
  what possible motivation would belgium ( or france , for that matter ) have to veto a scottish application . 
  surely people offer * something * as justification ? 
  since when can estonia into nordic ? 
   belgium will veto instead i do n't think i 've seen anyone saying that yet . 
  what 's the `` argument '' behind it ? 
  i would argue that if people are willing to change their votes between the conservatives and labour , they 're probably fairly close the centre-ground politically . 
  while i do n't deny that scotland tends to be a bit more left-wing that the rest of the uk , it is certainly not the most left-wing country in europe . 
   the uk government seemingly not working int he interests of scotland i agree that this is a problem , but it 's more that they 're only working in the interests of london and the home counties , and even then only the interests of certain people within that area . 
   having no way to impact that by voting voting * is * the way that you impact that . 
  obviously scotland ca n't outvote england because there are far fewer people , but neither country votes as a bloc - you personally have the same representation as anyone in england ( fptp fuckery discounted , but that affects everyone , not just scotland ) . 
  ultimately , by being a scottish nationalist you 're saying that you want to vote for a scottish government and not a british one . 
  i 'm not criticising you for being a nationalist , i 'm just using the original definition of the term rather than the negative connotations it came to have during the 20th century . 
  you are still right , insofar as the official name was `` kingdom of great britain '' before 1801 . 
  as well as that , it 's not like everyone who voted remain is a fervent eurofederalist . 
  i think polling suggests that almost everyone in the uk is at least a `` soft eurosceptic '' , which is why almost all the arguments for staying in revolved around economics . 
  i imagine many scots who voted remain and yes would still be more eurosceptic than your average german . 
  i mean , it * is * nationalism . 
  obviously it 's not mental , racist nationalism , but scottish nationalism , at the end of the day , comes down to seeing all people living north of the border with england as fundamentally different from all people living south of it . 
  in a similar vein , i am a british nationalist because i do n't see the same fundamental difference . 
  it does n't mean i vote for ukip or hate foreigners . 
  straight from the article you linked :  both the acts and the treaty also refer numerous times to the `` united kingdom '' and the longer form , the `` united kingdom of great britain '' . 
  other publications refer to the country as the `` united kingdom '' after 1707 as well .
