  it was cripplingly pessimistic long before the referendum and it will be cripplingly pessimistic once we 've left . 
  i * think * ( but i would n't quote me on this if i were you ) that in american english you call them `` caribou '' if they 're wild and `` reindeer '' if they 're domesticated , so rudolph would still be a reindeer . 
   reconquest its former colonies * liberate, 
  i 'd personally quite like to add any commonwealth country that gets above certain standards of hdi , gdp per capita , etc. 
  several , like singapore and brunei , would probably already meet the standard . 
  a few caribbean countries like the bahamas would probably be next . 
  as a long term goal , this would result in three pillars for the free world to stand on - the united states , the european union and the commonwealth . 
  of course , this is a pipe dream . 
  i heard we were going for red , white and blue . 
  while most of them technically endorsed her , they also got gaslighted hard by the trump campaign . 
  every time she tried to talk about her policies the media was like `` ooh , look at this thing that trump tweeted ! '', 
  hopefully the french press have learnt their lessons from watching the us election . 
  the only one i can think of is reindeer vs caribou . 
  that 's probably what people said when we invaded iraq . 
  many do just hate the government , but there are also a lot of people who think the uk ( or , more specifically , england ) is a terrible country . 
  i think it 's more pessimism than actual hatred , to be fair . 
  i was using a scenario in which trump allowed the russians in , but i take your point . 
  i ca n't really see the alaskans liking it , though , and occupying a state with the highest rate of gun ownership in the us and a population density of 0.5 people per km ^ 2 would be a nightmare . 
  honestly r/unitedkingdom hates the uk more than r/europe does . 
  it can be fun for anti-tory circlejerk though . 
  it was just to accept her timeline . 
  the supreme court has n't given a verdict on whether or not parliament has to vote to invoke article 50 , but most people expect them to decide a vote is necessary . 
  i 'm personally opposed to forcing women to cover themselves , and i 'll admit that i find the burqa incredibly disturbing . 
  however , i think practically speaking banning it solves nothing . 
  the types of husband who force their wives to wear burqas are n't just gon na say `` oh well , it 's banned now , i guess you 'll have to wear a hijab instead '' - they 're gon na prevent their wives from leaving the house at all , and that is n't a situation i would want people to be put in . 
  baghdad has about 7 million muslims in it . 
  do you live in london ? 
  have you ever been here ? 
  do you have any idea what it 's like ? 
  really ? 
  a lot of people confuse the [ burqa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/burqa ) with the [ niqab ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/niq%c4%81b ) . 
  i mean , i live in london , which has about 1 million muslims living in it , and i 've never seen a burqa . 
  i see hijabs and niqabs all the time , but i 'm pretty sure i 've never seen a burqa in real life . 
  some of them are , yes , but the point is that `` white british '' tends to be the most anti-immigrant ethnic group ( for fairly obvious reasons ) , and since london has such a low proportion of white british people compared to the rest of the country anti-immigrant sentiment is n't as strong . 
  out of our top 7 car manufacturers , 5 are german . 
  the fords that are popular in the uk are all made by ford of europe , which is a subsidiary of the ford motor company but is based in - you guessed it - germany . 
  i believe their factories are mainly in belgium . 
  it 's probably got more to do with the fact that he 's in london . 
  only about 45 % of london 's population are classified as `` white british '' and 36 % of the population are foreign-born . 
  yeah , we only managed to match napoleon on land with the help of almost every other country in europe . 
  at sea , though , we absolutely wrecked . 
  it 's not that surprising , really . 
  historically , britain always had a relatively small professional army that essentially as a colonial policing force and only got involved in major wars under dire circumstances ( i.e. 
  against napoleonic france ) . 
  we relied on a * huge * fuck-off navy for defence , but , after impressment stopped in 1814 , the rn was entirely crewed by volunteers . 
  [ at the outbreak of ww1 ] ( http://spartacus-educational.com/fwwarmies1914.htm ) , the british army was far smaller than its french counterpart , despite the two countries having very comparable populations ( 40-45 million people each ) . 
   implying only british politicians do that, 
  i mean in general . 
  i 've accepted that we 're leaving . 
  assuming the predictions are correct and the whole thing goes tits-up , i imagine i will want to join the eea/efta in the future ( but probably not actually rejoin the eu , since then we 'd probably have to adopt the euro and join schengen , and i ai n't about that life ) . 
  as much as i would rather we stayed in , it seems both our main parties have drunk the brexit kool-aid and we 're firmly on course to leave , plan or not . 
  a joint uk/fra/nl task force would be pretty scary , especially once we get our new carriers in service . 
  does anyone have any idea what a `` continental partnership '' means ? 
  yes, 
  i imagine the uk will be the next country to leave the eu , since we 're still in it at the moment . 
  yes , but it may not be interpreted as such by eurosceptics . 
  if they invaded poland ? 
  absolutely . 
  we 're building two carriers and we 're buying aircraft to fly off them . 
  i believe the usmc will fly from them on joint ops until enough f-35s are delivered , but after that they will be british through-and-through . 
  so ... russia again ? 
  i am of course joking . 
  putin clearly has no further territorial ambitions . 
  france has been invaded twice in the last century , and both times it was a resounding success . 
  surely ties with russia will alienate more moderate voters ? 
  or do people not really care ? 
  there 's a ridiculous anti-europe mentality amongst some people in the uk , some people seem to think that just because we 're an island we 're supposed to be completely cut-off from europe . 
  there 's also a tendency to lump together all european countries as one homogenous bloc , so people think that british culture is completely different from french culture but it never crosses their mind that bulgarian culture might not be exactly the same as french culture either . 
  many right-wingers in britain have a bit of a fetish for the usa and the anglosphere , and want to pursue closer relations with them at the expense of relations with europe ( i personally do n't see the need to chose between the two but that 's just me ) . 
  it drives me nuts because we literally fought a bunch of wars against napoleonic france to avoid being isolated from european trade , but now we seem to be actively trying to cut ourselves off . 
  not for us it is n't . 
  yeah so am i. oh well . 
  i 'm not saying that napoleon orchestrated the french revolution . 
  i actually have a reasonable grasp of that part of history . 
  it is , however , becoming clear that i do n't know very much about napoleon or what happened during his reign . 
  it is likely that my limited knowledge comes from an anglo-centric position which is likely to paint napoleon as a villain . 
  i do know , however , that napoleon specifically pursued the continental system in an attempt to destroy the british economy , and forced many other countries to do so . 
  he also set up french satellite states across europe ( although i admit that france was attacked first ) , and i would question his liberal values on account of the fact that he consistently put his relatives in positions of power . 
  sorry if i 've seemed ignorant and rude . 
   napoleon was n't some peasant hero that 's exactly what i 'm saying . 
   do you think napoleon invaded * france * ? 
  no , i think napoleon invaded the low countries and parts of italy and spain . 
  look , i agree with democracy and liberalism as much as the next guy . 
  i 'm not opposing the french revolution or saying we should return to absolute monarchy . 
  i 'm sure napoleon was a brilliant leader and a great man . 
  i 'm just saying that invading your neighbours is n't my preferred way of bringing about societal change . 
  edit : as for the point about `` mad king george and his inbred family '' , the war of the first coalition was first declared by france . 
  britain cut off diplomatic ties following the execution of louis , but france declared war on them as well , not the other way round . 
  although i of course realise that napoleon was n't the leader of france at that time . 
  oh please . 
  if napoleon was some peasant hero , those inbred royal families would have been overthrown all across the continent . 
  you ca n't just invade a country because you have to `` free the people '' like some 19th century george bush . 
  i 'll admit that i do n't know much about how other european countries were governed back then . 
  i assumed they would have preferred not being ruled by the french - `` no one loves armed missionaries '' rings a bell - but maybe things would genuinely have been better without britain interfering . 
  perfidious albion strikes again , i guess . 
  britain broke it . 
  seems fair enough , given that napoleon was trying to create a french hegemony in europe and isolate britain from european affairs . 
  somewhat ironic that we used to fight * against * being cut off from the continent , given recent events . 
  we can say we saved half of europe . 
  the soviets would have rolled the nazis back all the way to the atlantic if the western allies had n't invaded as well .
