   brexit was a decided shift away from what has been british foreign policy for the better part of a century . 
  how would you characterise british foreign policy in the last century ? 
  i would argue that our foreign policy has changed dramatically during that time period . 
  total displacement is about 1,500,000 tonnes with the uk , or about 1,150,000 without us . 
  that 's total bollocks , her first deployment will be with the royal navy but with usmc f-35bs on board . 
   they are not nuclear powered ( which means less payload and less time in sea ) that does n't really matter because the queen elizabeth-class ships will both have a displacement of 70,000 tonnes , compared to 42,000 for the charles de gaulle . 
  as for less time at sea , the logic used by the rn is that we have enough support ships to keep them and their escorts fully-supplied . 
  the french navy , on the other hand , does n't . 
   they are not using catobar/emals ( catapults ) but use short take off planes ( which means smaller payloads and shorter range for the planes ) . 
  that 's true , but the logic there is that building one catobar carrier would have cost the same as building two stovl carriers . 
  since we did n't have the money for two catobar ships , the rn decided that they 'd rather have two stovl carriers , allowing continuous carrier operations ( with one at sea and the other in port ) and giving them the ability to field two carriers in emergencies . 
  the pound dropped , but it did n't lose 40 % of its value . 
  you 're right about it being very difficult to get accurate figures , though . 
  that 's an unofficial site and has no affiliation whatsoever with the uk government . 
  i 'm not too sure about the figures they provide , either , since they seem to think we spend # 9.2 bn on aid , while the [ oecd ] ( http://www.oecd.org/dac/stats/oda-2015-detailed-summary.pdf ) say that it 's $ 18.7 bn , which is # 14.6 bn . 
  nobody is saying that we would return to the golden age of piracy without the united states , but it would certainly be a lot easier for tinpot dictators to blockade trade routes . 
  i was n't that surprised by it . 
  the dutch can sometimes be fairly eurosceptic compared to a lot of other eu countries . 
  they voted no to the european constitution in 2005 , for example . 
   like uk when the started counted foreign aid like `` defence '' spending . 
  source ? 
  i 'm 90 % sure that this is pure bollocks . 
  it 's been suggested that we count spending on aid carried out by the military ( e.g. 
  rn disaster relief operations ) as part of both foreign aid and defence spending , but that has n't been implemented . 
  as it stands we 're the only country to meet the nato 2 % defence spending target and the oecd 0.7 % aid spending target . 
  that 's one of the least surprising maps i 've ever seen . 
  basically the four neutral nations and the four most obviously eurosceptic ones are the countries that oppose it the most . 
  we wo n't be able to shit on it for much longer . 
  that is n't especially rare , though . 
  we ruled over a lot of places . 
  absolute bollocks . 
  the a1 variant of the sa80 ( i.e. 
  the old one ) had a lot of problems , and was pretty unreliable , but i 've never heard of the magazine falling out . 
  the a2 variant ( i.e. 
  the current one ) is far better , with the only problems being the weight ( it 's heavy as fuck compared to most other assault rifles ) and the usual issues you have with bullpups and firing round the other side of cover . 
  you need a lot of land for military training , especially for stuff like artillery ranges . 
  most british military operation names are pretty strange and have little to do with what they actually entail - e.g. 
  operation corporate ( falklands ) , operation banner ( n. ireland ) and operation herrick ( afghanistan ) . 
  that 's sort of the point - operation names are meant to be meaningless . 
  i prefer our system to the american one , where they give them ridiculous names like operation iraqi freedom or operation deliberate force . 
   prime minister theresa may said members of the military would be under the command of the police as part of what is being called operation tempora . 
  just for clarification , the name is operation temperer . 
  edit : i have now seen three different names ( temperer , tempora and tempura ) used on reddit and in the media and i do n't have a clue which one is correct . 
  thanks !, 
  ever heard of british tourists in spain ? 
  we created an entire nation of them down under . 
  for the next year and a half i can be proud of both , 
  british empire ( uk + australia + cyprus + israel ) on 391, 
  no , adding australia was just a british plot to get more votes perfidious albion strikes again, 
  fuck you ireland, 
  bringing in the colonies to vote for us this was the plan all along, 
  nobody tell juncker, 
   if england is not leading something , they hate it . 
  til we hate the world cup . 
  i seem to remember everyone being really excited about it , but i guess i was wrong - obviously you know far more about my country than i do . 
   that island is a whore among islands , everybody and their mother invaded or settled there at some point . 
  some of the most badass people ever - britons , romans , gaels , anglo-saxons , vikings and normans - come together in one island and you try to spin that as a negative ? 
  this basically applies to everything in northern ireland . 
  fertile land , high population density and the city of london are a pretty killer combination . 
  just to be clear , this is leave.eu , farage 's campaign that was centred around ukip and focused on immigration . 
  the main leave campaign , called vote leave , was far classier , even if i do n't agree with them much . 
  it 's telling that even most brexiteers want nothing to do with farage . 
  i 've seen estimates around 30 million for ireland without the great famine . 
  there would be a lot more people but it would n't be as many england , because ireland is considerably smaller . 
  i would have thought everybody knew that , since obviously german has the largest population , and that 's without counting austria . 
  i did n't realise the legislative elections are in june . 
  i thought they were much later in the year . 
  we can probably regard this a fairly accurate in that case . 
   the poll found macron 's en marche !, 
  ( onwards ! ), 
  movement on track to win 249 to 286 seats . 
  centrist and conservative parties would win around 200-210 seats , the far-right national front would win 15 to 25 seats and the socialist left 28 to 43 seats . 
  bloody hell , the socialists are screwed . 
  is it possible that a lot of people have been saying they 'll vote em in anticipation of the presidential election , and that the other parties will start to regain some votes closer to the legislative election ? 
   we all know how piraty the uk was . 
  pirates ? 
  never . 
  it 's possible that you are referring to * privateers * . 
  i agree completely , i was just pointing out that even the analogy is flawed . 
  obviously we ca n't know for sure , but the far-right and far-left are both doing fairly well in france at the moment , which worries me . 
  i personally believe that macron 's policies have the potential to improve france 's economic situation , but the implementation of them will be dependent on the assembly elections later this year . 
  i ca n't see the people voting for the extremists ditching them unless their lives improve in real terms . 
   `` in a way , we are like japan or germany after the second world war '' did n't japan and germany ( at least , west germany ) do fairly well in the post-war period ? 
  i imagine this is an attempt to win over some of fillon 's more socially-conservative voters for the second round . 
  to be honest i doubt she 'll lose much support over this , since anyone who really cares about this sort of thing probably is n't voting for her anyway , but it 's not gon na win her the election . 
  the census is n't the best way of doing it , because it forces a binary choice between english/scottish etc and british . 
  polling where people have multiple options to choose from shows that the vast majority of people in both [ england ] ( http://www.bsa.natcen.ac.uk/media/38782/devolution_table_6_3.png ) and [ scotland ] ( http://www.bsa.natcen.ac.uk/media/38776/devolution_table_6_1.png ) regard themselves as in some way british . 
   celtic scotland is more germanic than celtic , and even then the `` celtic '' area is distinctly split between gaelic ( ireland , western scotland , isle of man ) and britonnic ( wales , cornwall , brittany ) . 
  as if that was n't enough , the area meant to be cornwall on the map also includes half of devon, 
  i personally do n't think it 's that interesting , but i do n't care what people post as long as it relates to europe . 
  from the general community guidelines  / r/europe covers all european-related content, 
  i do n't know if i 'd really count her as a supercarrier . 
  i know that 's what they 're calling her but i just do n't think it 's accurate . 
  she 'll only just be bigger than the * charles de gaulle * . 
  once the * prince of wales * comes into service we 'll be able to get some real dick-waving going though . 
  [ mfw 4/9 are british ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhnfvjc99yy ) . 
  ^ yes ^ i ^ know ^ the ^ mary ^ rose ^ was ^ technically ^ english ^ but ^ it ^ still ^ counts . 
  this is satire , right ? 
  what makes you say that ? 
  the polls were pretty spot on for the first round .
