  obviously it is n't on the same level as the us or china , but it definitely is n't a small country . 
   using poetry as a historical source okay . 
  in all seriousness there is considerable historical debate over the act of union and it is n't anything like as clear-cut as you 're making it out to be . 
  [ this article ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2006/sep/24/uk.books ) provides a decent counter-argument , and while i 'm not saying it 's entirely correct it 's a good read if you 're interested . 
  are you really saying that germany is a small country ? 
  on the same level as , say , slovakia ? 
  because that 's what he seems to be suggesting . 
   but she seriously misjudges the timing pretty good summary of her political career tbh . 
  that 's the case in any country with an official state religion , though . 
  that 's a list that includes denmark , norway and iceland . 
  it does n't make them backwards or illiberal countries . 
  that 's the case in any country with an official state religion , though . 
  that 's a list that includes denmark , norway and iceland . 
  it does n't make them backwards or illiberal countries . 
  i 'll agree with the point about the bishops , although it should be noted that the lords is merely a revising chamber with limited powers , and that the 26 lords spiritual have very influence considering that there are about 800 people in the house of lords . 
  as for the fact that the head of state is the head of the church of england , this has literally no bearing on policy or the direction that the country takes . 
  the monarch is only the de jure head of state , with all of their power really in the hands of the prime minister . 
  if you 're still not convinced , you should know that the danish monarch is the head of the church of denmark , which is the official state church there . 
  by your logic denmark is as religious as the american south , which is a pretty ridiculous thing to suggest . 
  very good summary , thank you . 
   i 'll get you a better answer with sources tomorrow from the pc no need for that , i 'm not a professor or anything . 
  what you 've done already is plenty enough and explains your point very nicely . 
  if it wo n't take up too much of your time , would you mind explaining why you think that ? 
  i 'll admit that it 's not a part of our history that i 'm particularly familiar with . 
  i do n't doubt that it was awful , but can it really be considered to be worse than what was done to , for instance , australian aboriginals ? 
  i realise that . 
  i 'm saying that just because the dup have found themselves in that position by complete accident does n't mean that the uk is anything like the american south . 
  i 'm not denying we have a few incredibly socially conservative people , but the dup are n't exactly representative of the uk as a whole . 
  they got 0.9 % of the vote in the general election . 
  not entirely comparable . 
  in my experience relatively few people in the uk have family living in the rest of the eu , whereas the vast majority of people have family in at least two of the home nations . 
  i find it immensely ironic that ulster used to be the part of ireland that the english found it most difficult to assert their control over . 
  the uk is nothing like the southern states . 
  far less religious and far more socially liberal . 
  according to the other guy who replied to me , from 1884 to 1936 , officers on night patrols could choose whether or not to carry a webley . 
  i 'm pretty sure that is n't true . 
  i know that during ww2 they trained all officers to use firearms , and used the met to guard sites considered to be at risk of enemy sabotage , so they were n't trained before the war . 
  why would that change views of the eu ? 
  the conservatives are staying off immigration because they know they have a record of abject failure on that subject . 
  oh my god you downvoted that comment . 
  you are the pettiest person i 've ever seen . 
  you are actually a parody of yourself . 
  i do n't care about `` injustice from r/europe '' and nobody is being mean to me . 
  i was just making a joke , calm down . 
  must i say it again ? 
  uk = / = england, 
  by triggering the fuck out of you ? 
  welcome to r/europe , where the uk has no influence in europe but can still get the best deal out of any country in the eu , complete with rebates and opt-outs . 
  uk = / = england you twat . 
  believe it or not , i have actually spoken to people in other countries . 
  i know that we 're not a superpower . 
  i know that we do n't have an empire anymore . 
  i know that countries like the us , china , india and russia are more important than we are . 
  however , any country with a permanent unsc seat that is in the worlds top 10 largest economies ca n't be regarded as being `` irrelevant '' . 
  there are almost 200 countries in the world and you 're delusional if you do n't think the uk is more influential than most of those . 
  edit : using [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/composite_index_of_national_capability ) as an index , if you think the uk is below average then you 're saying that we 're less relevant than zambia . 
  i mean , that 's just a complete lie . 
  obviously we are n't on the same level as the us or china , but we 're a hell of a lot more relevant than the vast majority of countries . 
  merkel 's mainly saying that because there 's an election on and she wants to be seen to be a ) standing up to trump b ) passionately pro-european integration . 
  remember that there are four nato battalions now stationed in poland and the baltics - one led by the us , one by the uk , one by canada and one by germany . 
  if anything i 'd have said the commitment of some continental european countries is more in doubt than that of the english-speaking members . 
  he probably just wanted to shoehorn in an alliteration . 
  yeah , we 're on the same page now . 
  looks like i just massively wasted both your time and my own . 
  my bad , i completely misunderstood what you meant by `` 4 times risker '' in your original comment . 
  i thought you meant brexit would be 4 times worse for the uk as a whole than it would be for scotland , and now realise that the numbers do n't add up to that at all . 
   so while yes , it could go to the ruk and then be sold on again to eu without the original business owners knowledge , i see no real reason to to think that 's a substantial amount of the exports . 
  this is actually a very good point . 
   literally 4 times riskier , to quantify it . . 
  i was trying to say that you were slightly overestimating the ratio between the two . 
  that 's mostly correct , but the figures for scotland ignore the fact that some goods go to the rest of the uk before going on to the eu . 
  it 's virtually impossible to work out what proportion is made up by this , but i think for a basic estimate we can say it 's probably about 3 times riskier for the uk as a whole than for scotland . 
  yes , i meant historically . 
  even we score pretty highly nowadays . 
  i 've heard that it has something to do with the uk having larger seasonal variances in consumer spending than other countries . 
  people do n't spend any money during q1 ( january , february , march ) but make up for it by going crazy in the summer . 
   one has no other neighbours than the ocean just like britain and japan , those famously peaceful islands . 
  cheers , mate . 
  scottish independence bad for the eu confirmed . 
  itself . 
  the bank of england is owned by the government but is an independent public organisation . 
  brb , telling theresa may to give you guys your gold back . 
   we can just use that if we need to fight off some kind of gold vulnerable alien race . 
  oh , good . 
  that was what i was worrying about . 
  yeah , so turkey is partially in europe and partially in asia . 
  i am in agreement with you here - sorry if that was n't clear . 
  the point i 'm making is that turkey as european as the uk is irish ( i.e. 
  not very ) , and as asian as the uk is british ( i.e. 
  mostly ) . 
  fair enough , i did n't realise that was what he meant . 
  since we were talking about france originally , they won ww1 without the russians so it 's a pretty irrelevant point to make . 
  yes , but that 's a bit like saying the uk is in ireland because of northern ireland . 
  ~ ~ that 's completely untrue . ~ ~ ~ ~ the only thing i can think of that you might be referring to is the [ molotov -- ribbentrop pact ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/molotov%e2%80%93ribbentrop_pact ) , which was a neutrality agreement and set out the spheres of influence of nazi germany and the soviet union . ~ ~ edit : my bad . 
  i do n't know whether it 's significant or not , it 's just surprising . 
  it seems that we 've got a lot less gold reserves per capita than other wealthy , highly-developed nations like germany , france and the netherlands . 
  i was just using romania as an example because it 's got a similar amount but is considerably less wealthy . 
   uk - 4.8  romania - 5.2 fuck, 
  surely xi jinping has a reasonable claim to that title ? 
  i do n't know much about internal chinese politics , but he must be a lot less hamstrung than the us president .
