   germany pays 14.65 percent and the next largest is france with 10.63 % . 
  i think its based on gdp . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  it 's not that i do n't believe you or anything , i 'm just interested . 
   i think first there would need to be a explanation of why `` serious nato obligations '' require that level of spending . 
  i agree that the 2 % figure is an arbitrary number , and that in itself it 's essentially meaningless . 
  i think the whole thing has been a bit of a mistake and that they probably could have found better ways of maximising nato defence capabilities . 
  however , germany is utterly taking the piss by spending only about 1.2 % of their gdp on defence , as are the other countries that do the same . 
  germany is widely regarded to be less powerful militarily than both france and the uk , despite having a considerably larger population and economy than either , which to me shows that it should be doing more . 
   keep in mind that nato itself has a budget to which germany is the second biggest contributor . 
  by how much ? 
   of course they did . 
  i 'll admit that makes their argument much more reasonable . 
   the current german goverment agreed to this , goverments change . 
  i realise that , but any government that does want to change the decision has to explain why they do n't take their nato obligations seriously . 
  did the spd argue against agreeing to the target at the time ? 
  i 'm under no illusions that the vast majority of nato members wo n't meet the 2 % target , but that 's an incredibly weak excuse . 
  i would be pretty annoyed with my government if they refused to action against climate change just because other countries were n't meeting their emissions targets , and i apply the same attitude to other international obligations . 
  germany ( and all other nato members ) still agreed to work towards spending 2 % of their gdp on defence by 2024 . 
  the time for arguing about whether or not you should is past - it 's now a simple question of whether or not you should fulfill the international obligations that you have agreed to . 
  hate to burst your bubble , but i 'm probably a progressive lefty by your standards . 
  the scottish highlands are great for astronomy , actually . 
  oh , wait , i see what you mean . 
   ni part of roi that 's a triggering, 
   uk  california that 's right , east coast , we 're hooking up with your younger , hotter friend now . 
  they 've got better weather * and * they did n't throw all our tea in the harbour . 
  there 's dispute over whether or not the glorious revolution counts as an invasion . 
  i would argue that since the parliaments of england and scotland voted to give william the crown , it was an internal revolution/coup with foreign support - the dutch fulfilled a similar role to the french in the american war of independence . 
  neither england nor scotland were placed under dutch rule , and while william became the king of both , he could not govern with impunity , especially in england where he had to accept parliamentary sovereignty . 
  ireland , on the other hand , quite clearly was invaded by the williamite forces , because james retreated there . 
  this in itself proves that england was not invaded - james had no hope of fighting for the throne from england , because he had virtually no popular support . 
  this contrasts to william , who had the support of the vast majority of the population . 
  that 's why i personally do n't see the glorious revolution as an invasion . 
  i personally quite like it , but in my experience a lot of people on this sub are n't massive fans . 
  i 'm not entirely sure why . 
  yeah , 8/577 seats is basically nothing . 
  i probably should have mentioned that in my original comment . 
  i know politico is n't the best source out there , but this article is interesting . 
  there are few parts which i find quite reassuring :  the u.k. will seek a transitional customs agreement with the eu before moving to a new permanent relationship  a second position paper , outlining the government 's long-awaited `` solution '' to the northern ireland border issue , which the u.k. considers bound up with its customs relationship with the eu , has been earmarked for publication the same week  the bulk of the work on the position papers was completed some time ago , but in recent weeks there has been a discernible `` pickup of the pace , '' one of the officials said, 
   uk produces only 60 % of its own food that 's technically correct , but :  `` currently the uk is 60 % self-sufficient in all foods and over 74 % self-sufficient in foods that can be produced in this country '' . 
  [ source ] ( https://livinginamadhouse.wordpress.com/2011/02/20/could-britain-be-self-sufficient-in-food/ ) so a lot of those imports are made up of food that we actually ca n't be self-sufficient in . 
  that does n't change the import situation , but the people saying that we ca n't produce enough food to feed ourselves are deluded . 
  front national won 8 seats in the legislative election , and increase of 6 from last time . 
  what makes you think it 's being ignored ? 
  i 'm hardly the biggest fan of brexit or of our government , and i have no doubt that they could be doing a better job , but it 's not like they 've forgotten northern ireland exists . 
  both the uk and eu negotiators see the issue as a priority . 
  to be fair to may , it 's not like she has much of a choice . 
  it 's either carry out brexit or get booted out and let someone else carry out brexit . 
  i hate to break it to you , but that ship sailed a while ago . 
  fun fact : malta almost became part of the uk - and i do n't mean an overseas territory - in a [ 1956 referendum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maltese_united_kingdom_integration_referendum,_1956 ) . 
  77 % voted in favour , but the turnout was n't high enough so it was never enacted . 
  it would have been very interesting had it happened , although i personally doubt it would have lasted until the present day . 
  :( were the non-russian casualties abkhazians ? 
  i ca n't read/speak russian , but from what i understand , thankfully nobody was hurt . 
  as mayor of london ? 
  ken probably did a better job . 
  in general , though , i prefer boris . 
  while he 's a clown , and i disagree with him on a number of key issues ( e.g. 
  brexit ) , he 's from the liberal wing of the conservative party . 
  at the very least , he does n't constantly defend dictators or verge on holocaust denial , which puts him above ken in my books . 
  he left office in 2008 , so really i 'm too young to remember in any great detail . 
  i assume that he was n't quite so mental back then , otherwise he would n't have been elected . 
   we have no problem going to the finest restaurant in paris , ordering boeuf bourguignon and a glass of the finest french wine and asserting the superiority of our own culinary marvels such as beans on toast and ribena . 
  you say this like there 's something wrong with beans on toast and ribena . 
  genuinely ca n't believe this guy used to be the mayor of our capital city . 
  that sounds like it makes more sense than what i said . 
  goes to show that you should n't believe everything you read . 
  i 'd have said the same goes for anyone who only consumes one source of news , tbh . 
  i believe he was fractionally taller than the average frenchman and fractionally shorter than the average brit at the time . 
  the british press greatly exaggerated his shortness . 
  i think the difference is that you could easily argue that cromwell did things that benefitted england , like laying the foundations for the glorious revolution , but hitler was pretty unequivocally bad for germany . 
  [ about 1 % ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demography_of_the_united_states#race_and_ethnicity ) of the american population are ethnically american . 
  how is that not a nation of immigrants ? 
   usa wants the deal to end so they have an excuse to go to war with iran which is against eu interests you still have n't provided a source for the claim that the us wants the deal to end . 
  remember that trump = / = us . 
  the president is not a dictator and ca n't unilaterally control us foreign policy . 
   if they are n't why is n't ksa doing shit about them ? 
  why is uk not showing it 's terrorists reports ? 
  roflmao i 'm not going to talk about saudi arabia until you 've provided at least one reputable source for at least one of your claims . 
   why are you keeping silent about iraq huh ? 
  because it was an invasion carried out with the support of two european countries , and other interventions that have destabilised the middle east have been supported by more . 
  you can not blame the us alone for those interventions - as evidenced by the syria situation , they take european support ( or lack of it ) into account . 
  you still have n't addressed whether or not france is an enemy of europe due to their support for the saudi regime and intervention in libya . 
   yes they are influental enough they are us president advisors source ? 
   because they want semiworking union so it 's better for trade obviously ? 
  source ? 
   it has when usa is engaging in proxy war in me you still have n't explained the relevance of the iran nuclear deal to european unity  does n't matter if the government do n't do it if people close to the government do it who says they 're close to the government ? 
  provide some sources saying who is doing it and people might take you more seriously . 
  as it is , you 're using an invented saudi strawman . 
   that and afganistan war are the reason behind all the shit which is going on in the me . 
  for starters , afghanistan is n't even in the middle east . 
  beyond that , saying that us interventions are the only reason for instability in the me is ridiculous . 
  obviously they are a major factor , but let 's not pretend that the religious violence there has all been caused by the us . 
  the me was not some paradise fantasy land before the iraq war . 
  in addition , most us interventions have been supported by at least some european countries . 
  the us does take european opinions into account when intervening - [ a major factor ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/jan/05/john-kerry-us-syria-intervention-plan-britain-obama ) behind the decision not to intervene in syria was the fact that the uk parliament had voted against intervention . 
   this people are influential enough to set the usa course maybe they do n't represent usa but usa represents them they 're not influential enough to `` set the us 's course '' - they 're private individuals using private funds to do private things . 
  they are n't driving government policy . 
   it matter because it shows that usa does n't want strong eu then why did they lobby for the european parliament to be created , and why do n't they want countries to leave the eu ? 
  and why has the vice president just [ criticised russia ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/video/news/2017/07/vice-president-pence-russia-seeks-divide-europe-170731203923916.html ) for trying to divide europe ?
