  that 's probably accurate , although there is also potential for the conservatives to threaten east renfrewshire and the liberal democrats to threaten east dunbartonshire and * maybe * edinburgh west . 
  the snp will probably take edinburgh south from labour , though . 
  * seriously * large amounts of tactical voting from unionists could change that slightly , though . 
  if that were to happen , more seats in the north-east would be under threat from the conservatives , as well as a couple more liberal targets like north east fife . 
  i doubt it though . 
  now that i think about it the snp will probably end up with about 55 seats . 
  if a referendum is denied , just hold one anyway . 
  i 'm not very clued-up on spanish constitutional law , but i doubt there 's anything preventing them from holding an advisory referendum . 
  an unsanctioned referendum would n't be legally binding , but if the turnout was high enough and a majority of people voted for independence they would have their mandate . 
  then , and only then , would i support them declaring independence unilaterally . 
  that sounds like a decently safe bet to me . 
  i 'm predicting about 400 conservatives seats , 150 labour , 50 snp * , 25 lib dem and the rest split between the minor parties and northern ireland . 
  * this may change if it looks like unionist tactical voting will be widespread . 
  they 'll probably increase their number of seats but i do n't know by how much . 
  they have some key target seats in sw england that they lost to the conservatives in 2015 , and private polling allegedly suggests that they can do well there , and they 'll also be looking to pull off some richmond park-style victories in london . 
  some people even think they could win back some snp seats . 
  i expect them to get about 20-25 seats personally . 
  i think it 's probably too early for them to return to pre-coalition levels . 
  i would n't want to recognise them if they do n't even hold a referendum . 
  if they won the referendum on a reasonable turnout and * then * did a udi i would be happy to , but if they did it without even holding a vote it would be very fishy . 
  it would also give sturgeon ideas . 
  is that a good idea ? 
  would any other countries give it diplomatic recognition ? 
  would n't this require all people in catalonia to refuse to pay taxes to the spanish state ? 
  now that i think about it , you 're right . 
   one of those rare scenarios where the oxford comma ** should n't ** be used ... 
  i actually only use it very rarely . 
  does that make me a heretic ? 
   england and scotland as independent countries ... seem like a completely different age to me possibly not for much longer . 
  technically he was born in the kingdom of england and died in the kingdom of great britain . 
  the uk did n't exist until about 75 years after his death . 
  well we did practically invent modern espionage , along with the russians . 
  i 'm pretty sure the real reason is so that she has a large majority in the house of commons and ca n't be derailed by a backbench rebellion from either the eurosceptic right-wingers or the europhilic centrists in her party . 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  it 's not really a fair comparison in my opinion . 
  melenchon is much further left than sanders . 
  i meant that we 'll have a cod war with denmark , although you 're welcome to join in . 
  it definitely wo n't be next year . 
  2019 is a possibility . 
  not a chance . 
  the tribal labour vote is far too strong and they have a floor of about 20 % . 
  the lib dems will probably gain some seats , but no more than a dozen , * maybe * two , and labour will retain at least 150 . 
  restoring monarchy over the states , 250 years after the declaration of independence . 
  if that is n't playing the long game , i do n't know what is . 
  cod wars 4 : take back control, 
  i do n't know about deregulation , but fillon wants far greater austerity measures than macron does . 
  i realise that , but fillon wants to reduce spending by $ 100 billion and cut 500,000 government jobs . 
  macron is pretty right-wing economically , but fillon blows him out of the water . 
  i think this puts macron much too far-right economically . 
  he 's certainly no lefty , but he 's much closer to the centre than fillon is . 
  what 's a joke , the uk , or your comment ? 
  why ? 
   french republic covers a large part of the provinces of brittany , normandy and aquitaine this triggers me, 
   so what ? 
  why the fuck use nato protocol when you already have bi-lateral protocol . 
  because nato protocol is the one that both countries are used to using . 
  why would they change when they 're accustomed to using english ? 
   less involvment in nato . 
  there 's a very big difference between less involvement and getting out of nato . 
  that 's a pretty accurate summary of our history . 
   potential  brexit lol my personal favourites are czech-out , departugal , madriddance and withdrawsaw, 
   new france covers a large part of canada this triggers me, 
  nice to see how well-integrated turks are into the democratic nations of russia , china and the united arab emirates . 
  in all seriousness this is basically just a map of which countries get well-educated turks working in well-paying industries and which ones get poorly-educated turks who are mainly unskilled labourers . 
   every single candidate to our election wants to get out of nato . 
  i know le pen and melenchon do , but i would love a source for macron and fillon wanting to take france out of nato . 
   we also participate in excercice outside of nato . 
  so what ? 
  basically every nato country does that . 
  it does n't change the fact that your military participates in nato exercises . 
  we 're talking about the french military , who participate in nato exercises and are therefore somewhat used to using english in a military context . 
  it 's got nothing to do with the political leanings of the french people . 
  i had n't considered that actually , that 's a very good point . 
  that being said , a lot of people seem to think that polls are underestimating le pen 's support . 
  i guess we wo n't know for sure until election day . 
  at this stage i feel like it 's important to point out that le pen consistently does better in polls with a larger sample size . 
  she 'll likely either be at the upper end of her polling , or slightly outperform it . 
  most french people i 've met have very good english , although that 's might be because the only places in france i 've been to are paris and disneyland , and all the french people i 've met outside france have been living in the uk . 
  i have even less experience with italians , to be completely honest . 
  your comment was perfectly clear and understandable , so i guess it proves my point more than it proves yours . 
  my bad . 
  are france and italy really known for being bad at english ? 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard that stereotype before . 
  ~ ~ liberals ~ ~ energy company ceos hate him !, 
  english is the standard language of nato , so i would assume that french troops are more accustomed to using english than italian , and vice versa . 
  while french and italian are very similar , i do n't think they 're similar enough for military purposes . 
  slight misunderstandings can have pretty disastrous consequences in a military context . 
  it 's not that i disagree with what the expert is saying , or that i needed the article translated for me . 
  it 's just that i think that people should always copy-paste the article they 've posted into the comments if it 's in another language or behind a paywall , and it looks a bit disingenuous if they do n't . 
  fair play to you for translating it in full though . 
   the quote is neither negative nor positive about the idea of the anglosphere , it is an accurate characterization . 
  it is quite obviously negative , and it being an `` accurate characterisation '' is just your opinion . 
  i share a similar opinion but only quoting that passage is misrepresenting the article . 
  i 'm just wondering why you did n't bother to translate the whole thing and put in the comments . 
  i honestly have no idea who will get through to the second round . 
  while at the moment in looks like macron and le pen have a slight edge , it 's within the margin of error and it 's basically a toss-up between the four front-runners . 
  as for the second round , my predictions are : * macron beats everyone * melenchon beats fillon and le pen , but not macron * fillon beats le pen , but not macron or melenchon * le pen * might * beat fillon , but i doubt it that being said , le pen consistently does better in polls with a larger sample size so i 'm not ruling out any surprises . 
  i 'm no expert , but essentially it gives erdogan a lot of personal power and means that he could stay in power until 2029 . 
  i think it removes the position of prime minister in turkey , and basically neuters the legislative . 
  as for the eu , i 'm not really sure .
