  erdogan does n't seem very pro-europe , but i 'm not sure to what extent that 's just for domestic consumption . 
  the biggest worry is probably that he refuses to co-operate on refugee policy and the crisis starts again . 
  that 's pretty selective quoting , considering the fact that a lot of the article seems pretty pro-anglosphere . 
  i personally do n't think it 's a good idea - at least , it is n't better than being in the eu - but the article as a whole is a lot more nuanced than that passage implies . 
  are you in the habit of insulting random strangers on the internet ? 
  i 'm sorry i slightly misunderstood your title , but there 's no need to be a dick about it . 
   you said it yourself -  unless you meant `` war for independence '' in a more general sense . 
  yes , i was making sure that you were n't under the misconception that the easter rising was part of the irish war of independence , since the phrases `` war of independence '' and `` war for independence '' are very similar and could potentially be used interchangeably . 
  i made it clear that you could have potentially been referring to the `` war for independence '' in a more general sense and i now know that you were . 
   yes , yes there is . 
  i think this makes your suggestion that i need literacy classes somewhat ironic . 
  would a hypothetical french-italian unit speak french , italian or english ? 
  my apologies , i just felt as though it was somewhat implied by the title . 
  there 's not a whole lot of difference between `` of '' and `` for '' . 
  i 'm not denying that at all , i was just trying to point out that the easter rising was n't part of the war of independence . 
  sorry if that was n't entirely clear . 
  absolutely , the easter rising - or , more accurately , the totally disproportionate government response to it - was one of the main driving forces behind the irish war of independence , but it was nonetheless a separate event . 
  the easter rising ( 1916 ) was n't part of the irish war of independence , which did n't begin until 1919 . 
  unless you meant `` war for independence '' in a more general sense . 
  i do n't think they should be banned from mentioning religion , i just think that they should n't do it . 
  that 's true , but i would rather we kept religion out of politics as much as possible . 
  i know we still officially have a state religion , but i do n't think that we should , and it certainly should n't have any impact on politics . 
  i do n't mean decline as in loss of territory . 
  i mean decline as in loss of power . 
  by the time ww1 came around britain was no longer an unrivalled naval power , which meant that we had lost our main way of keeping european rivals in check . 
  in addition , britain , as a small island with a relatively small population , was never going to be able to properly challenge germany , or japan , or the us without the help of its colonies , and one of the main things keeping the colonies loyal was the fact that the rn was responsible for protecting their trade . 
  by the time ww2 started the empire was falling apart . 
  indian nationalism was strong and getting stronger , the white dominions were gaining more and more power over their own affairs and the irish free state was independent . 
  the world wars certainly accelerated the fall of the british empire , but they did n't cause it . 
  the point that i 'm trying to make is that britain has never been capable of being a superpower due to its size and population , and the only reason it looked like one in the 19th century is because the decision-makers outplayed other countries and managed to maintain some degree of loyalty in the colonies . 
  they only got about 12 % at the last general election , so they have n't actually fallen that much . 
  besides , most ukip voters have always been conservatives who use then as a eurosceptic protest vote . 
  there 's no real reason for them to do that now . 
  yeah i 'm not watching a 30 minute interview . 
  i suggest you provide a timestamp if you want anyone to watch it . 
  that does n't change the words she said . 
  i 've read the speech and at no point was it implied that `` god voted leave '' or anything similar . 
  arguably , it was a superpower at the height of its power and its decline led to the two world wars . 
  yes , i 'm sure that george soros , a jew who lived through the occupation of hungary in ww2 , is a nazi . 
  there was * way * too much religious talk for my liking in that speech , but she did n't even come close to implying that god would have voted leave . 
  she was a remainer ffs . 
  i 'm pretty sure ireland has only ever been politically united under british ( and formerly , english ) rule . 
  i honestly ca n't see this ever working . 
  i think the cultural , linguistic and political differences would probably be insurmountable , and i ca n't see the french , who commemorate bastille day with such fervour and are , in my experience , immensely proud of their republic , accepting another monarch , least of all a british one . 
  it 's not that i do n't love the french , but i think a union between the two countries would be pretty unsustainable . 
  it 's probably because none of them are countries , although arguably they should be marked anyway . 
  luckily the countries of europe are in alphabetical order to make it easier for you . 
  if you hate england so much why do you use st. george 's cross as your flair ? 
  would i be right in saying it would have been part of the electorate of saxony at the time ? 
  i would n't describe fillon as a `` disaster '' . 
  sure , he 's corrupt and will fuck over public services , but compared to le pen and m\u00e9lenchon he does n't seem to be that bad . 
  he wo n't do anything * really * stupid like pull france out of nato or the eu . 
  that 's still apathy though . 
  it does n't matter why they do n't care enough to vote . 
  judging by how many voters say they are n't gon na vote in the upcoming election , there 's a fair bit of apathy going around in france . 
  he was n't saying it 's the best in the world , just that it 's very hard to change and helps make the country very stable . 
  san marino and the vatican appear to be marked , but not labelled . 
  i think there 's basically continuous urbanisation along the river nile , and almost nobody lives in the rest of the country , so all the light is concentrated in a small area . 
   which does not surrender i felt terrible for laughing a little at this . 
  very sorry . 
  holy shit . 
  less optimistic about your country than mexico . 
  you guys need to lighten up . 
  i realise that but that 's not why i chose this username . 
  nope . 
  no connection to turkey whatsoever . 
  it depends what you mean by speak . 
  i have a decent amount of german , and can just about get by in french , but i 'm not fluent in either . 
  pretty low trust all-round . 
  even nato , the most trusted , is only on 51 % . 
  is this similar in other countries or are the french just really cynical ? 
  the headline is very sensationalist and does n't really seem to relate to the content of the article . 
  it 's really more about what the eu will do than about whether it can survive . 
  other than that , it seems like a pretty good article . 
  in all seriousness it sounds pretty far-fetched . 
  it 's interesting that the internal borders of the uk are marked the same as international borders . 
  does the eib treat each of the constituent countries separately or is it just a dodgy map ? 
  geographically speaking it 's in asia , although that depends on where exactly the line is drawn - i 've seen sources that refer to it as transcontinental . 
  that being said , it 's culturally probably closer to europe , what with over 90 % of the population being orthodox christians , and a lot of its recent history has been concerned with european affairs due to it being part of the ussr . 
  usually i just describe russia , turkey and the nations of the caucasus as `` eurasian '' to avoid the argument altogether . 
  it ca n't explain brexit because norway voted against joining the eu in 1994 . 
  what does it explain ? 
  it 's called the [ horseshoe effect ] ( http://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/horseshoe21.png ) . 
  or perhaps military bands play popular pieces of music that everybody knows to keep people from getting too bored when they 're standing still on a parade ground . 
  you 'll notice that the band also played other parts of the star wars soundtrack . 
  but yeah , it 's definitely because we 've all got imperial nostalgia . 
  to be fair i think the `` gun crime '' figures include things like illegal possession of a firearm and failing to update a firearms license . 
  it 's not a 42 % increase in actual gun attacks . 
  my personal favourites are czech-out and departugal, 
  what really surprised me was how low canada and new zealand . 
  the us , uk and australia are well-known for being fairly right-wing , and i always thought the other two would be much more socialist in comparison . 
  i think it 's just down to demographics . 
  reddit tends to be primarily made up of straight white males aged 15-30 ( or thereabouts ) , which means it does n't reflect society in any way . 
  so with a few exceptions , it 's pretty much this : * low tax - english-speaking countries , latin america , east asia * high tax - continental europe, 
  that 's not what autonomy is , and england certainly does n't rule over the other uk nations . 
  in fact i do n't think england exists in any legal sense . 
  england is n't autonomous at all , and holland is split between north holland and south holland , both of which are administrative divisions of the netherlands . 
  yeah , it 's not exactly the first thing that springs to mind when you think about shakespeare . 
  to my knowledge he did n't act in any of his own , but he was an actor before he was a playwright . 
  luckily , france and r/france are completely different .
