   englishman because no scottish or welsh people played any part in northern ireland ... 
  yes . 
  that 's why you never see them on their own - armed response officers always go around in pairs , and often in larger groups . 
  [ this ] ( https://winstonchurchill.hillsdale.edu/did-churchill-cause-the-bengal-famine/ ) provides an interesting alternative view . 
  i 'm not necessarily saying that either side is right , but i would like to make it clear that it 's not a wholly one-sided argument . 
  while the uk still had an aristocracy , which was n't envied by french liberals , power was n't concentrated in one man . 
  while mps and lords were n't elected , their very existence ensured that : a ) there were checks and balances on executive power b ) all people had some form of representation , even if they did n't choose their representatives france under napoleon was essentially an absolute monarchy , only the monarch did n't rise to his position because of his birth . 
  in that respect , the uk was far more liberal than any other country in europe at the time . 
  while france had far more liberal social reforms than britain , napoleon was incredibly authoritarian when it came to how the country was run . 
  the civil code was undoubtedly incredibly advanced for its time , but it was primarily concerned with the legal system rather than the system of government . 
  it was more the usa than gb , but a handful saw the pluralistic british form of government as better than the centralised form of government present in france . 
  i ca n't quote the exact example , but it 's something i 've literally only just studied - i 'll come back later and provide an example if i can find one . 
  and it was n't immediately after the revolution , although i suppose one has to answer the question `` what exactly was the french revolution ? '', 
  to make a proper judgement on that . 
  as much as i dislike le pen , the line `` you have talked for seven minutes and said nothing '' was a very good one . 
  that being said , he was n't all great . 
  he completely centralised power around himself , arguably more so than the old monarchs of the ancien r\u00e9gime , including completely neutering the legislative branch of the government ( e.g. 
  there was one chamber that could debate legislation , but not vote on it , and another that could vote on legislation , but not debate about it ) , and it 's pretty obvious that he personally appointed almost everyone with any power , including all judges in france except the most local ones . 
  he also created noble titles for the legion d'honneur , including making titles hereditary for those who could pay enough money - this new nobility was to be made up of both the cream of the french military machine and the best of the rising bourgeoisie , but at its heart it would still be a new nobility , which directly contradicts the principles of the revolution . 
  this new nobility , by the way , was given estates made up of land that had been conquered in germany , italy and poland . 
  he was also guilty of the great deal of self-aggrandisement - he designated august 15 as ` saint napoleon 's day ' , for example - and was a master of propaganda . 
  his writings when he was on saint helena were somewhat economical with the truth - for example , he claimed that he wanted to create a german nation for the germans , an italian nation for the italians , etc , which is quite obviously not true . 
  it is also believed by many historians that he embellished his military record in italy to make it appear better than it was . 
  not that it was necessary - it 's impossible to deny that napoleon was an excellent military commander . 
  one can argue that he was still better than the absolute monarchs of countries like austria and russia , but there were examples of far more pluralistic states like great britain and the united states at the time - indeed , many french liberals looked to those two countries for inspiration . 
  on the other , hand , eurosceptics across the continent might give us votes . 
  while they 're in the minority , it could wind up being more votes than we usually get . 
  probably not though . 
  we 're gon na come last . 
  well ... yeah . 
  colonialism was in vogue back then , it was just what european countries did . 
  luckily for france and germany , ireland is n't the bedrock of european security . 
   the iraq war protests as an example actually , [ pollling suggests ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2015/06/03/remembering-iraq/ ) that the iraq war was supported by most people at the time . 
  while i should by no means be regarded an expert on the matter , i do n't think the future is particularly bleak for human rights in the uk . 
  it worries me slightly that we may be on track to repeal the echr , the fact is that we have a history and culture of civil liberties that is very difficult to erode . 
  public opinion can still severely limit what politicians are able to do - tony blair 's attempt to introduce mandatory id cards being an excellent example - and the vast majority of rights protected by the echr are supported by the vast majority of the population . 
  in addition , while i do n't agree with a lot of things that theresa may says , she is still an intelligent and reasonable politician , and i personally do n't think that she wants to remove basic human rights . 
  there are plenty of people who could give a much better answer than that , though . 
  yes , the south korean and israeli militaries are very well-trained , but they would be even better if they were smaller , professional forces . 
  as well as that , those conscripts know that there is a clear and present danger to their country , which means they are relatively highly-motivated . 
  a french conscript army would be a very different beast . 
  i 'm not arguing against conscription in general - it is undoubtedly sometimes necessary - but present-day france is better served by a volunteer force . 
  human rights are a bit weird in common law systems , and even weirder in the uk due to our uncodified constitution . 
  essentially , the system relies on public opposition being too great for the government to restrict rights , and it 's worked perfectly well so far - in fact , the uk has historically proven far less susceptible to political extremism than many other countries . 
  yeah , but even if the echr is removed we still have a negative right to freedom of expression under the common law . 
  that means the government would have to explicitly revoke the right to freedom of speech , which seems somewhat unlikely . 
  fair enough , military service does n't constitute brainwashing . 
  it 's just that i 'm opposed to forcing it upon people unless absolutely necessary . 
  according to the [ democracy index ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democracy_index ) , india is a better democracy than 12 eu members , including belgium . 
  it 's a bit hyperbolic to say `` taking rights away '' . 
  i mean , certain rights are going ( e.g. 
  freedom of movement in europe ) but it 's not like freedom of speech is being abolished . 
  we are certainly not being `` effectively oppressed '' . 
  a conscript army is completely unnecessary for foreign interventions like mali . 
  small , professional forces perform much better , since conscripts usually lack motivation and training , as well as inevitably having worse equipment because the expense required to maintain a large force results in less money being available for kit - this would lead to an increase in casualties . 
  i do n't think `` making politicians think twice '' is worth increased the military casualties and expenditure . 
  surely brainwashing goes against the principle of liberty ? 
  first of all , france does n't need conscription since there are no immediate major threats to it . 
  i 'm not opposed to conscription for countries like estonia or south korea , but it 's not necessary in france . 
  second of all , military service for one month is completely pointless . 
  i do n't know about other countries , but in the uk basic military training lasts about six months . 
  people with one month of training would be pretty useless in a war . 
  while it could technically be repealed , the reality is that it almost certainly would n't be . 
  i can guarantee that the population of the uk would n't support keeping northern ireland in the union against their will , if nothing else because such an action would immediately restart the troubles . 
  this means that parliament would never do it because of the impact it would have on their popular support . 
  the eu referendum result was within the margin of error for most polls , and several predicted a leave victory . 
  it would n't surprise me that much if she did support brexit , considering her age , but there 's no way she would let it slip if she did . 
  she 's been hiding her political opinions her whole life and she is n't about to stop . 
  the polls show that most scots agree with them . 
  that appears to be corroborated by [ this ] ( https://www.spectator.co.uk/2017/03/theresa-may-is-fighting-a-war-on-two-fronts-there-is-no-room-for-mistakes/ ) article . 
  i could be wrong , but off the top of my head i think there 's only evidence of three or four scottish officials being actually bribed , although there were several other financial motives ( e.g. 
  the darien scheme ) . 
  a lot of the scottish nobility wanted union with england to protect protestantism , since by accepting the act of settlement scotland could never again have a catholic monarch . 
  to be fair , i think this poll left out 16/17 year olds , who are one of the most pro-independence demographics . 
  what are the problems that apply to the uk polling industry ? 
  of course we know more about us politics than dutch politics . 
  us politics are more relevant , since they have such a huge bearing on what happens in the rest of the world , and we speak the same language as the americans , making it very easy for us to consume their media and vice versa . 
  i get the point , and obviously the uk controls far more than the eu would , but as a matter of principle , scottish nationalism is about scotland controlling its own affairs , so i would expect most scottish nationalists to be a bit pissed off if they joined a legislative body in which they were completely unrepresented . 
  [ most people do n't agree ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2015/05/21/manchester-uks-second-capital/ ) . 
  59/650 seats = 9.1 % of the seats in westminster 5.3 m/65 .1 m people = 8.1 % of the people in the uk . 
  compare that to england , which has 83.8 % of the people and 82 % of the mps . 
  it 's not massively disproportionate by any stretch of the imagination , but scotland is slightly over-represented in westminster . 
  even if it was ` only ' equal representation , why give it up for no representation ? 
   it 's the uk 's second city i 'd have said it 's manchester , but there 's room for debate over which one takes the title . 
  it would also give you no ability to vote on the rules that you do have to follow , which goes against the entire point of scottish nationalism . 
  why give up a disproportionately high number of seats in westminster for zero seats in the european parliament ? 
  i am actually quite impressed by that level of denial . 
  that point i was making was that the fact that both england and scotland were protestant made them allies . 
  the scots refused to allow the spanish armada to use their ports when they retreated around britain , leaving them vulnerable to storms and preventing them from attempting another invasion of england , both kingdoms supported the protestants during the french wars of religion and the two fought on the same side during the thirty years ' war . 
  the union was preceded by two centuries of scotland and england growing closer together - see the scots not allowing the spanish armada to use their ports , for example . 
  and it is a matter of cultural similarity , because protestant vs catholic tension was the one of the main causes of war in europe in the 16th and 17th centuries . 
  the fact that both england and scotland were protestant brought about their closer relationship . 
  i do n't really have an english identity , although i 'm sure one would develop over time . 
  as someone else in this thread put it , it would leave me `` homeless '' in a very strange sort of way . 
  why would the fact that we used to have a big empire make us irrelevant ? 
  are france and spain `` anachronistic '' in today 's world ? 
  the point i am making are that england , scotland and wales are all essentially the same . 
  we speak the same language , eat the same food , we have incredibly close political , cultural and economic ties and we share a storied history together . 
  i simply can not consider myself english - while i technically am , my national identity is , and always will be , british . 
  i have family and friends all over england , scotland and wales .
