there are no guarantees that either of them would win a referendum to take france out . 
  it certainly would n't be good for the eu , though . 
  i think they 're second in terms of consumption but not in exports , although i could be wrong . 
  i 'm pretty sure that we are in terms of music exports , because we 're the second-biggest english-speaking country and music is much more exportable in english than it is in other languages . 
  the us is by far the largest music market in the world and they speak english . 
  i think that because english has essentially become the global lingua franca , it 's very easy for the uk to export music to the world , especially across the atlantic . 
  this means that for our successful musicians , eurovision is actually a smaller stage than they 're used to , whereas for countries like estonia it 's a brilliant opportunity for wider recognition . 
  we usually get some points from ireland , because they 're right next to us , and malta , for because of historical ties , but that 's about all we can count on . 
  i guess we can probably get some votes from australia as well , now that they 're in the competition as well . 
  well , til . 
  on the other hand , knowing the dutch it wo n't be long before all that water area becomes land area . 
  oh right , i see what you mean . 
  it 's mainly scotland that drags the average down , since it has like 1/3 of the land and about 1/12 of the people . 
  it 's a lot more sparsely populated than england though . 
  population density is 135 in n. ireland and 413 in england . 
  so sturgeon 's approval rating is 53 % while davidson 's is 46 % and the margin of error is 3 % . 
  or in other words , public opinion is close to being completely polarised down unionist/nationalist lines . 
  hardly surprising news . 
  the ulsterisation of scottish politics has been painful to watch . 
  the ra is the royal artillery , but i assume they 're talking about the ` ra , which is the ira . 
  it 's funny because we 're second only to the us in the music industry but always insist on sending shite acts to eurovision . 
  mixture of english and lowland scots . 
  population density is actually fractionally higher in england than in the netherlands . 
  the uk figure is dragged down a lot by scotland/wales/ni . 
  i thought so too , until i ended up having this exact discussion [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/64cvnx/the_centre_can_indeed_hold_in_frances/dg1q92e/ ) yesterday and learnt what his demands are . 
  he has said that he will hold a referendum on france 's eu membership if he can not get certain concessions from the eu . 
  his list of concessions include various things that he will not be given , such as devaluing the euro to parity with the us dollar , and ending free trade between the eu and other countries . 
  this means a melenchon presidency would almost certainly lead to a frexit referendum . 
  there 's no guarantee that he 'd win it , but if you do n't want such a referendum to be held do n't vote for melenchon . 
  we had concentration camps in kenya during the mau mau uprising , but they were n't for homosexuals . 
   since the second world war the debate on the borders of europe has not been opened to discuss that 's funny . 
  i seem to remember there being quite a heated debate over the borders of the united kingdom for a number of decades . 
  it is a constitution , it 's just very different from those of most other countries . 
  the only people who say that we do n't have a constitution are those who think that we should have a codified constitution and are trying to make a political point . 
   we have no laws seen as more unchangeable than others . 
  while you are technically correct , in practice quite a lot of laws are essentially unchangeable . 
  we have a number of de facto entrenched laws ( e.g. 
  bill of rights ) that are protected by both convention and the common law . 
  i was just trying to put it into context and illustrate the point that he 's far-left , anti-establishment and anti-eu to a certain extent . 
  corbyn 's a very low bar but he 's the only comparable mainstream politician in the uk . 
  and yes , melenchon seems to me to be very extreme . 
  it worries me greatly that both he and le pen are able to do fairly well in france . 
  yes , you 're correct . 
  there are a lot of people who say they will vote for macron but are undecided , most likely because he 's looked like the safest option to keep le pen out for quite a while . 
  that means there 's a lot of potential for him to lose voters , especially if it looks like melenchon or fillon actually have a chance . 
  from what i gather , he 's basically jeremy corbyn but way more competent and charismatic . 
  it helps that france is much more socialist than britain . 
  if we are , it 's not good for france , the eu or internationalists in general . 
  we do , it 's just really easy to change . 
  i do n't think there 's anything wrong with wanting to control or limit migration , especially unskilled migration , but i think a total ban is a bit over-the-top because of how many industries depend on it ( e.g. 
  agriculture ) . 
  my mistake . 
  it might have been that they no longer oppose civil partnerships . 
  i do n't doubt that he 'd be terrible for france , i 'm just trying to figure out whether or not he 'd be as bad as le pen . 
  did n't she get rid of the fn 's anti-gay marriage policy or something ? 
  that could explain why she 's doing well with them . 
  he 'd still have to hold a referendum to take france out though , and there 's no guarantee that he 'd win . 
  okay , i see what you mean . 
  there 's no way the eu would agree to that , especially the parts about the ecb and euro devaluation . 
  that being said , i doubt le pen was doing especially well amongst the jewish community anyway . 
  i suspect the eu would be more willing to make concessions this time round , considering what has happened . 
  this is one of the most interesting elections i 've seen in a while . 
  if the current trajectories continue , it could be a three - or even four-horse race by april 23 . 
  i find it very interesting that melenchon is rising so quickly . 
  i would personally never vote for him , but his programme looks very interesting , especially the constitutional reform he 's proposing . 
  it 's very unlikely that he 'll win , but if he does will we be getting a sixth republic ? 
  just to be clear , what they 're suggesting is a five-year freeze on * unskilled * immigration , not on all immigration . 
  still pretty crazy though . 
  or you could , you know , actually click on the link rather than just read the headline . 
  then you 'd know it 's talking about the geographical centre of the eu . 
  i did n't know that - that 's ridiculous . 
  i have no idea why they do n't consider them terrorists . 
  how many governments officially recognise eta as a terrorist group ? 
  first of all , no it does n't . 
  second of all , what have `` anglos '' ever done to you ? 
  that 's a complete lie and you know it . 
  the 2004 madrid bombings , the 2016 paris attacks and all other similar incidents are reported as terrorist attacks here . 
  the choice of words for this headline was poor , but the article itself makes it clear that they are a militant group who have killed 100s . 
  but sure , it 's because `` anglos '' hate everyone else . 
  the most recent one was about two weeks ago and had m\u00e9lenchon getting 68 % to le pen 's 32 %, 
  with regards to the point about aligning politically with other countries , i do n't really buy it . 
  in the post-war years the conservatives used to do better in scotland than in england , the point being that countries do n't stay the same politically and change overtime . 
  basically , drawing national boundaries around political ideologies is a bad idea . 
  the rest of your point i agree with completely . 
  anyone who thinks scotland should join another country other than the uk is basically saying `` scotland is incapable of being independent '' . 
  no , the writer is . 
  it 's not explicit anglophobia , it 's much more subtle . 
  the fact is that there is a lot of negative sentiment going around towards english people , primarily because they tend to be fairly right-wing . 
  you see it all the time in the us , where * legions * of people are lining up to talk about their scottish or irish ancestry but nobody ever says they 're english . 
  you see it all the time in this sub , where everyone criticises the english for voting leave but barely anyone mentions the welsh , and in r/unitedkingdom where everyone lines up to bemoan the `` english right wing '' even though about a fifth of the cabinet were born in scotland or wales . 
  people do n't consider what causes england to be more right-wing than other places , but instead act like the country is a lost cause full of little englanders that are living in the past . 
  i realise that it 's a joke , but it 's part of a wider anglophobia that is pretty thinly-veiled . 
  i 'm pretty sick of everyone saying scotland should join ireland , or canada , or norway , or any other country . 
  if the majority of scots want the country to be independent , that 's fine , but leaving the uk to join another country is basically just saying `` we hate english people '' . 
  the problem is that his party is very new and is n't well-established , which could mean he faces a lot of opposition from the national assembly . 
  i gather that he wants to create a more business-friendly environment in france , but that may be difficult in a country that has historically been quite socialist . 
  he seems a lot like tony blair to me - centrist , pro-europe , internationalist , interventionist . 
  i 'd certainly vote for him if i were french , since the competition is awful , but to be completely honest i 'm not convinced that he 'll make an especially good president . 
  my main worry is that if he fails to address the causes of populism , le pen will only come back stronger . 
  it 's part of the sw england constituency in the european parliament .
