  for example , protestantism ( specifically presbyterianism ) is more common than catholicism , and has historically been even more dominant that it is now . 
  far more people speak scots , a germanic language , than scots gaelic , a celtic one . 
  scotland was historically split between the more anglo-saxon lowlands and the more celtic highlands , but between the highland clearances and the rapid expansion of industrial cities in the central belt , the lowlands came to account for a much greater proportion of the population , and the country became more anglo-saxon . 
  what 's your source on eu support increasing from 50/50 yo 70/30 ? 
  it 's not that i do n't think that sounds plausible , but i would like a source . 
  i think our government essentially increases the tax on cigarettes slightly in every single budget . 
  [ i hate to break it to you , but ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/napoleon's_planned_invasion_of_the_united_kingdom ), 
  south-east england attracts a reasonable amount of attention , so i 'd add it as an intermediary step i.e. 
  the focus is on london , then the south-east and then everywhere else . 
   the monarch remains constitutionally empowered to exercise the royal prerogative against the advice of the prime minister or the cabinet , but in practice would only do so in emergencies or where existing precedent does not adequately apply to the circumstances in question . 
  by the time it had reached that point , practical authority over our nuclear deterrent would lie with the submarine commanders and the point is pretty much moot . 
   have you 've ever wondered why the british army is not the royal army but the royal navy is `` the royal '' navy ? 
  and have you 've ever wondered why all of the kingdom 's nukes are on submarines , royal navy submarines ? 
  or why the other silo nukes have been decommissioned and are no longer operational , leaving nuclear control exclusively in her majesty 's navy and away from the people 's british army ? 
  it 's called the british army because it was originally created from the multitude of militias that were active across britain , while the royal navy is called that because it was always one homogeneous , national organisation . 
  the queen has exactly the same level of authority over both - officially , total authority , practically , none . 
  and enough nitpicking over the referendum result . 
  i 'm a remainer myself , but the fact is that 52 % of the people who cared enough to vote wanted the uk to leave the eu . 
  a majority of people who voted was all that was required . 
  you do n't give any evidence for any of your arguments . 
   look at may ... a `` remainer '' walks in a room with the queen and comes out threatening the eu and uncontrollably and having lost any willingness to be reasonable , starts chanting the brexit means brexit mantra . 
  or could it be because the political situation demands that we leave the eu ? 
  a majority of people , and a vast majority of constituencies , want to leave , making it a certainty . 
   if you try and research who has the right to make use of the nuclear arsenal , you 'll se who the head of your state actually is . 
  all research i have done says that this is the responsibility of the prime minister alone . 
  i would love it if you could provide any evidence to the contrary . 
  i will happily agree with you on the point that the british intelligence services are often overly-invasive , and i will freely admit that we have a much larger global role than any other constitutional monarchy , but all of that is controlled by the elected government . 
  at the end of the day , everything you are saying boils down to a ludicrous conspiracy theory that the queen secretly controls everything . 
  it 's not very good sport to make the `` your mum '' joke yourself and deprive the rest of us of the opportunity . 
  i think a lot of people in the uk view napoleon as a demonic figure because we do n't realise how backwards a lot of europe was before he came along . 
  while the franchise was incredibly limited and we certainly were n't a proper democracy , our parliament has been sovereign since 1688 , and while the monarch technically has veto power it has n't been used since 1707 . 
  it 's very easy for us to forget that most of europe was still under absolute monarchy at the time . 
  of course , a lot of the hatred comes from plain old nationalism , but bear in mind that from our perspective he was a dictator who wanted to invade us . 
   `` not in britain though '' * nelson, 
  by your logic , norway , sweden , denmark , belgium , luxembourg and the netherlands are all dictatorships , but i never see you mention them . 
  i realise that , i just find the name `` united kingdom of england , northern ireland , southern scotland and eastern wales '' somewhat amusing . 
  on top of that , i imagine many americans would be surprised at how many europeans own guns . 
  obviously they 've got a much larger gun culture , but us media often implies that guns are completely banned throughout europe . 
  when there are five times as many comments as upvotes , you know you 're in for a good thread . 
  if scotland and wales leave i have no doubt that we 'll pull some bullshit like we did when we partitioned ireland and hang on to the border regions . 
  then we can be the united kingdom of england , northern ireland , southern scotland and eastern wales . 
  i 'm pretty sure they purposefully pick the worst people possible to ask questions on that show . 
  it 's like thinking the people on the jeremy kyle show are representative of everyone in the uk . 
  why ? 
  i 'm a remainer through-and-through but that 's a tad over the top . 
  we do n't have the bbc and the nhs because of the eu . 
  we have them because people like them . 
  i 'm only guessing here , but i imagine it has something to do with bavaria . 
  first of all , we have n't left yet . 
  second of all , this is a european subreddit , not an eu one . 
  check the map in the sidebar and you 'll find it includes multiple countries that are n't in the eu ( such as serbia and belarus ) and several countries that are n't even entirely in europe ( such as russia and turkey ) . 
  since the uk is part of europe , it is , and will remain , a relevant part of this subreddit . 
  edit : spelling, 
  what is n't relevant about the mayor of one of the largest cities in europe visiting multiple other major cities in europe in order to talk with other european politicians ? 
  it 's not like scotland already has a massive secession movement or anything . 
  i could be wrong , but i always thought the aim of the usa was to destroy japan 's industrial capabilities , not specifically target civilians . 
  of course , the hiroshima/nagasaki bombings were intended to scare japan into submission . 
  [ apparently ] ( http://variety.com/2016/tv/global/u-s-u-k-tv-exporters-australia-1201713741/ ) the uk is the world 's second-largest exporter of television after the usa . 
  they are followed by the netherlands and then france . 
   uk media are totally overshadowed by american media have you ever heard of harry potter ? 
  james bond ? 
  downton abbey ? 
  british media is heavily consumed within america as well as the rest of the world . 
  i personally think the euro one is the least worrying , but my judgement is probably skewed a bit by the fact that we do n't use euros over here . 
  have n't you got the memo ? 
  since the referendum we 've joined the new axis powers . 
  i personally think england should use land of hope and glory as our anthem , and the anthem of the uk as a whole should be i vow to thee ( with all three verses ) . 
  i 'm not saying french media is uncommon outside of france . 
  i 'm saying it 's * relatively * uncommon , as in , compared to british media . 
  france exports a lot of media , but not as much as the uk , which is the point that i 'm trying to make . 
  most of those countries are n't especially wealthy , so are n't very large markets for international media , not compared to the usa , australia and canada ( minus quebec ) . 
  add to the entirety of the western world , where most people learn english as a second language , and there 's an enormous market for british media . 
  [ besides ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_languages_by_total_number_of_speakers ) , 942 million people worldwide speak english , compared to 274 million people who speak french . 
  i 'd argue that in many cultural aspects , while france has historically been superior , we 've taken the lead in the modern day . 
  for example , because we speak english , our music and tv industries have been able to export across the world , while french media is relatively uncommon outside of france . 
  i take your point , but the labour party are consistently polling 12-15 % behind the conservatives . 
  obviously a lot can change between now and the next general election , but as of right now it looks essentially impossible . 
  i just looked it up , and i never realised that franco was in power in spain until 1975 . 
  that blew my mind more than a little . 
  i remember reading that about 1.2 million brits live in australia compared to 900,000 in the eu . 
  which is a bit mental when you consider that australia is a country of 23 million people on the other side of the world . 
  not to mention french guiana , which is an actual slice of europe in south america . 
   anglosaksian i 'm assuming you mean anglo-saxon . 
   netherlands ah yes , the netherlands , that famous anglo-saxon country . 
  by the time jeremy corbyn becomes the prime minister , hell will have frozen over . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armed_forces_of_ukraine https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slovenian_armed_forces more than a little ironic coming from you , is n't it ? 
   spain and portugal experienced actual fascism . 
  to be fair , so did france . 
  obviously foreign occupation is n't quite the same as homegrown fascism , but really the only countries in western europe that have n't experienced fascism are the uk , ireland and switzerland . 
  looks like india 's back on the menu , boys !, 
  do you not consider wales to be a country ? 
  i guess there is an argument that it 's technically a principality , but that 's really getting into semantics . 
  since they have their own devolved assembly i would personally count them as a country in their own right . 
   oppressed  you do n't know the meaning of the word since you were the only one who said it i do n't see how that matters . 
  enough with the brexit = trump meme . 
  obviously there are similarities but trump consistently polls at very similar approval levels in the uk and the rest of western europe . 
  wanting to leave the eu has never been a particularly fringe or far-right position in the uk , and euroscepticism has , if anything , been the rule rather than the exception . 
  if anything , i 'd be more worried about some other european countries . 
  our far-right party ( ukip ) got 13 % of the vote in the last general election . 
  in the netherlands , the pvv look set to get around 30 % of the vote this year , while marine le pen will probably get around 25 % of the votes in the first round .
