  do you know that he has already been convicted of corruption before ? 
  i 'm arguing with you because you did n't even read your own fucking article . 
   dodik 's ally , zeljka cvijanovic , was facing defeat by a more moderate candidate , mladen ivanic , in the vote for the serb seat on the bosnian state presidency , in which serbs , croats and muslims , known as bosniaks , share power . 
  ivanic is seen as potentially a more cooperative partner in the tripartite presidency , which could help strengthen bosnia 's weak central institutions . 
   ivanic is seen as potentially a more cooperative partner in the tripartite presidency , which could help strengthen bosnia 's weak central institutions . 
  -  secessions when ? 
  not anytime soon . 
  dodik has been seeking secession since 2006 , you do realize this right ? 
  and is about 1,000 times more nationalistic than the next closest nationalist ? 
  to save you from having to use your brain : dodik 's power is waning . 
  http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/bosnia-victors-emerge-as-ballot-count-continues  mladen ivanic of the united opposition bloc is leading with 279,822 votes while zeljka cvijanovic of the ruling alliance of independent social democrats , snsd , has 278,845 votes . 
  try not to editorialize titles for your own personal , nationalistic pushing agenda . 
   soldiers polish tanks ahead military parade . 
  | photo by beta  serbian army is rehearsing for its biggest military parade in decade . 
  | photo by beta  dozens tanks have been lining up next to the sava river . 
  | photo by beta dat english, 
  does he really need to explain this to you ? 
  republika srpska needs to be defended from non-serbs . 
  conniving , plotting , hidden agenda having , anti-serb , fascist non-serbs . 
  still not the national socialist german workers ' party though . 
  not democratic enough !, 
  i highly doubt your family has been in bosnia as long as you think it has . 
  probably not more than a few decades . 
  and parties like the nazi party are indeed banned . 
  we 're not being democratic !, 
  ah , so / r/african ? 
  she 's not fat man , leave her alone . 
  she 's just big boned . 
  do n't worry , i am expecting a 10 page essay from crnaruka on how my statement oppresses serbs . 
  nationalist parties should be outright banned . 
  it 's hard to believe this shit is still accepted . 
  so , serbs have even less validity for secession !, 
  elite/political leaders get richer and richer . 
  things like that . 
  reminds me of a heart attack . 
  so , instead of rebutting me you go the path of `` lol ustasha nice try !, 
  fucking fascist '' route . 
  it 's fact that serb nationalism was the primary and largest factor of the dissipation of yugoslavia . 
  what do we get if we remove the serbs from the equation of the yugoslav wars ? 
  oh right , no wars . 
  [ i do n't know what kind of belts you 're wearing , mate ... ] ( http://wwwnc.cdc.gov/travel/images/map-croatia.png ), 
  that is true . 
  but the serbs did the lion 's share of the killing and raping . 
  and by lion 's share , i mean 80-90 % of it . 
  let 's put it this way : the catalans today have a 100 % valid point in secession . 
  repression under francisco franco , etc. 
  the serbs between 1990 - present never had valid points in any type of secession . 
  before the serbs went on a killing and raping rampage . 
  [ i see lavrov doing this instead . 
  those are self-defense forces for minority in need . 
  [ or flashbacks of this . 
  [ eh , not that bad . 
  ] ( http://www.gagbay.com/gag/first_grade_teacher_in_bulgaria-499199/ ) she does need to wear a bra , though . 
  i think i can make out the nips . 
  also , the japanese did n't have the greeks . 
  what 's the scientific method behind the study ? 
  the only time i 've ever gotten any kind of sick was when i was in austria . 
  russia not bad . 
  russia just defend poor innocent minority in occupied land . 
  came in hoping that the deleted comments were made by / u/crnaruka . 
  i was disappointed . 
  because without him , there would not have been a wwii . 
  usually , it 's through vandalism . 
  serb propaganda outlet , in simple terms . 
  yes , the world would be a better place if that was the case . 
  oh , those guys do n't actually have any power anymore . 
  right now , all they do is pretty much accept large paychecks and that 's about it . 
  they 're all bosnian ... just different religions . 
  welcome to the balkans . 
  i did n't say they were n't ugly . 
  i just think the [ serb orthodox ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/08/cathedral_of_christ_the_saviour,_banja_luka.jpg ) churches are uglier . 
  is n't the first one on saudia arabia embassy land , anyways ? 
  the only building that is ugly as fuck is the serbian orthodox church . 
  would n't mind myself if you guys took a couple of hints from the russians on how to build churches . 
  why would you link to serbianna , ever ? 
  stop being defensive , it makes you look like a simpleton . 
  you asked a question that could have been answered with more than a yes/no . 
  your point was terrible and you should feel terrible . 
   is your pope an intergalactic lizard ? 
  -  i do n't have a pope , i do n't believe in god . 
   do you really think serbia will ever recognize kosovo ? 
  -  i do n't have a pope , i do n't believe in god . 
  like that ? 
  god damn it , it was a joke . 
  no , but yours definitely is judging by the comments he makes in the media . 
  do you * really * think serbia will ever recognize kosovo ? 
  do you really think serbia will ever recognize kosovo ? 
  eh , they should have a test with some ghost pepper . 
  those that can eat it and not have their anus nuclear bombed can stay , those that ca n't go home . 
  sounds like there is a russian minority in belarus that needs protection !, 
   serbs are barely if not at all allowed to return to krajina . 
  while that is partially true , we are still thousands of kilometers ahead of any place in rs . 
  please provide evidence of otherwise . 
   come here sit down my son , almost every nation on earth was formed through rape war etc. . . bosniaks did not want to live in yugoslavia anymore so they broke off and from it , as they had the right to do . 
  well serbs did not want to live in bosnia so they broke off and formed the rs . 
  using that logic , we might as well say the ustashi were justified in massacring serbs because just about every other nation had been built on genocide , right ? 
  fuck it , if every other nation was built on genocide why not the ndh ? 
  why did the pesky croats have to form the partizans and come save the asses of the sorry serb population ? 
  many other people have been wiped out in history , why not them next ? 
  most people in the world that do n't want to live in a place anymore simply move away .
