other than 20 's , i got pegged . 
  russia , it 's the government , not the people . 
  that said , it 'd be nice if the materialism was toned down a bit , soberness in some situations is appropriate , you know ? 
  being a part of the eu , whether wanted or not , is really all i see . 
  the eu is a broad group . 
  some cultures are cold and formal , others are balkan . 
  i do n't see the british as not fitting in this diverse context . 
  they are by definition european . 
  just because one does n't consider themselves to belong to a particular group does n't mean that they are n't . 
  and , yes , an island , but also not a divisive factor . 
  on behalf of czechs , cold , beer swilling , piss 'em off and get chunked out the window , resourceful , two-faced ( but only to outsiders ) , tree-huggers , xenophobic ( to foreigners living in the country rather than tourists ) , outdoorsmen . 
  i think it 's the other way around . 
  my czech wife retorts , only when it comes to sex . 
  i wondered where i got that from . 
  my last job was in romania , where time means little . 
  when they were late , most times , i 'd leave after 15 minutes . 
  somehow i thought that more than fair , but could n't figure out a rationale . 
  i was posted in poland for three years as well before . 
  thank you . 
  i 've lived in five european countries , four in cee , and travel a lot . 
  i found that english was better spoken in the cee region than in western europe , but less so in poland . 
  that brings me to my point . 
  there are three factors that determine whether english is widely spoken or not . 
  local language roots . 
  in the netherlands for example where their language is somehow quite similar , i 'm lot a linguistic , they speak english better than americans ( i know this as i am one ) . 
  country size . 
  the small ones tend to speak english readily while , e.g. 
  poland and spain , do not because you can easily live there without venturing out while in slovakia if you miss your exit you are abroad . 
  finally , third , how deeply the nation binds itself to its culture . 
  think here france and italy . 
  in contrast countries like romania sees itself more as european and they tend to embrace other languages readily . 
  read the article . 
  prime minister 's assistant , i.e. 
  mistress , using secret service to spy on his wife , bribing people , etc. 
  this is only the latest in a long line corruption scandals here , albeit this one is one of the more entertaining ones . 
  even more so than the prague mayor 's master driving over that woman when drunk , if i remember well he was actually trying to escape the law at the time . 
  you are either a union , or you are not . 
  sounds simple , alas apparently not . 
  a bit late now to sort it out , but so be it . 
  true . 
  the czechs now that you mention it consider the poles to a nation of thieves . 
  and we have svejek . 
  that 's probably it . 
  story stuck . 
  in any case , this is the stereotype . 
  lived in poland for three years , if anything i 'd give them thick headed . 
  course , they made it though the financial crises hardly impacted . 
  but back to law and justice just the same . 
  to each their own . 
  would have bet czech would get rudeness . 
  we did well !, 
  i heard once has to do with poland being last to use cavalry and against first armor division to boot . 
  exports outside eu , maybe . 
  demand tepid mostly across still . 
  at least from my view . 
  i 'd welcome gladly more borrowing, 
  exports outside eu , maybe . 
  demand tepid mostly across still . 
  at least from my view . 
  i 'd welcome gladly more borrowing, 
  if it is n't , it 's damn close . 
  lived there for three years . 
  loved it . 
  the food , the location , international ... but byzantine and a bit dysfunctional . 
  nice . 
  really . 
  but sme 's need first a recovery in underlying demand . 
  that will bring about investment on a sound foundation rather than artificial , for the sake of increasing borrowing . 
  unsecured working capital needed as well . 
  beer . 
  terrorist attack unlikely , czech republic does n't come up to many people 's minds and they 'd stick out like a bad zit unless they can pull off a tourist with cash . 
  europe had been reduced to a gay pig . 
  i can live with that . 
  not a country ... hope they had the decency to at least exclude any won by the uk . 
  czech at 3.8 % surprises me . 
  eu does n't work , why would a united states of europe ? 
  not surprised by italy or spain . 
  big states and many can go their lives without crossing a border . 
  but hungary ? 
  compared to czech republic ... 
  you have a point , no denying that . 
  but it is over simplistic . 
  my family came from guatemala . 
  in 2001 married a czech . 
  we live in prague and on weekends the chata in a small village . 
  in all that time had only one incident . 
  drunk guy on metro asks me where i 'm from . 
  ignored him but he persisted . 
  finally replied in czech . 
  immediately i was okay . 
  his final response did n't make it okay , he profiled me . 
  my point though is that i have always been made to feel no different than others . 
  speaking czech helps , but do n't think mandatory . 
  privately many czechs are scared of muslims , migrants . 
  but privately so are austrians , americans . 
  czechs just lack the spin to make it sounds nice . 
  term of endearment . 
  my godparents are a gay couple . 
  grew up in the topic . 
  bit surprised about cz , pleasantly .
