saying that europol `` probably are told to use '' the term is an outrageously huge claim . 
  you did n't provide a line of reasoning ( let alone evidence ) that makes it seem likely either , only rambling about german media etiquette . 
   it 's not really conspiracy theory if it 's already made public knowledge how political figures , say in germany are telling media to not use word rapist in conjunction with immigrant or refugee , or how we end up with child pictures plastered and have children/women repeated when talking about refugees sure , but only for those specific instances , which are hardly travesties anyway . 
  i can tell the media anything too , but has the commands been obeyed ? 
  even if , that 's perfect fodder for circles holding the increasing anti-immigration sentiment , no matter how far residing from germany , and a horrible strategic blunder in regards to the streisand effect . 
  spending time in certain ( especially online ) communities , i 've grown to be pretty sympathetic to the notion of reminding people that children are involved , not that it will make an actual dent in the dehumanization of any group . 
  what you said is very much a conspiracy theory . 
  it 's a theory . 
  about a conspiracy . 
  with absolutely nil to back it up with . 
   again , people use islamophobe in general because it 's easier to argument with something that nothing at all while i 'm sure it is used for that too , i 'd suggest that the term is increasing in popularity because anti-islamic incidents and criminal offences have also increased . 
  as was with the context i provided it with . 
  what 's striking to me is how you could extrapolate goofs of the german media into a justification for any far-out idea or theory . 
  so the fucking europol publishing a report on the eu terrorism situation and trends is trying to denigrate your political agenda by using the term islamophobia in the context of anti-islamic incidents , criminal offences and the fears of the alleged growth of islam in europe ? 
  at some point someone 's conspiratorial thinking ( eg . 
  `` left used to care about workers and how now they 're * hoping for cheap work force to bring european wages low * '' ) can get absurd to the point of there being no use in arguing , only option left being a good circle-jerk among your peers and a persistent feeling of being trapped in the ultra-left climate of feminazi oppressors . 
   hinduphobia , shintophobia , christianityphobia , buddhaphobia , atheimsphobia are n't really real , but islamophobia is ? 
  yes they are `` really real '' . 
  look them up . 
  you can have a phobia of anything , and islamophobia is a good description of the zeitgeist of some communities or people like r/europe or you , according to your post history . 
  and why `` atheimsphobia '' ? 
  that 's certainly not a really real thing . 
  i 'd like to hear your opinion as to why the use of the term is wrong or dull in the europol 's te-sat 2015 for example . 
   which is n't really even a real word islamophobia was coined in 1991 in the runnymede trust report for `` unfounded hostility towards muslims , and therefore fear or dislike of all or most muslims . '', 
  it does n't only make sense , but you 'd be crazy claiming it did n't exist in europe . 
  you can see europol using it for example , and for a good reason . 
  using the term `` regressive left '' ( regressing to what ? ), 
  and denouncing islamophobia in the same breath without a hint of irony is beyond me . 
  nerd, 
  elaborate ? 
  i hope so , but why is it that once the bonding factor is being european , conversations on this site devolve into mindless racism ? 
  my favorite from here : `` people from iraq for example rape 51 times more than finns '' . 
  it 's sad that any statement goes in regards to these groups . 
   which was heavy social democrat what/who are you talking about ? 
   certain taxes were implemented where ? 
  by who ? 
   caused economic downturn like the transaction tax he wanted bernie ? 
  he implemented a tax that caused an economic downturn ? 
   american military has done damage to parts but not all of the world ? 
  yeah congratulations for not causing military damage to the entirety of the whole world . 
   most the world is a better place when america is around not charging for using the oceans we gaurd elaborate on the ocean bit ? 
  you guard the oceans and are benevolent for not asking for a fee ? 
  i 'd leave it at : most the world is a better place when america is not around ~ ~ charging for using the oceans we guard . ~ ~ global opinion polls have it pretty clear : america is the biggest threat to world peace . 
   losing grip in the same way your economy has stagflated for so long no , no matter how our economy 's doing , we 're not losing grip as a super power or a hegemony , because we 're not that . 
  also a big thanks is due to imf which imposed horrible austerity policies around the world , only to admit it 's a mistake later by its economists . 
   how is it happening currently in america ? 
  how is what happening ? 
   only folks hurt by america are the muslims it 's their turn mostly sure . 
   and they are the ones who caused it by believing in a violent , sexist , homophobic , anti secular cult . 
  i see they 've been pretty successful in constructing these boogie men for you . 
  if that was the truth you 'd get a long very well , seeing you vouch your support for a violent hegemony . 
   americans donates more to africa than all of the eu combined by a long shot . 
  you 've ( and we 've ) transferred far more wealth * from * africa than into it . 
  the policies of the imf , world bank , africa is extremely rich in resources , we take them and pay them a small fee as a thank you . 
   americans do it voluntarily out of the good of our hearts you bomb little children into hamburger meat for the same reason as well , i take it ? 
   american citizens money has built thousands of wells , provided hundreds of thousands of vaccines , and given so much medication . 
  sure . 
  swell . 
  a point for taxation . 
   yes he was marxist revolutionary at one point i 'm talking about him as he ran for office . 
  if you know what `` he 's really like '' then fine , i do n't care , it 's irrelevant . 
  what matters is the program he ran on . 
   american military spending has to parts , but all ? 
  i have no idea what this sentence means . 
   no , most of it was in worse shape 10 years ago , and pretty much every 10 years ago since the creation of the us super power sure you 're losing grip , damage done is still substantial . 
   perhaps you mean european colonialism ? 
  nope , because the world is much better off , and africa is advancing fast despite being far behind . 
  is this satire ? 
  i do n't mean european colonialism no , because it 's a historical event that 's not happening currently . 
  see a difference ? 
   africa is advancing fast fantastic news !, 
  do n't send your freedom aid please . 
  you do realize american military spending has fucked a substantial part of the world up , maybe even beyond repair ? 
  so bernie is a communist because he lived in a commune !, 
  i see . 
  what 's worrying me is how much influence the powerful have in indoctrinating people through media , public relations etc. 
  regulation bad . 
  poor people lazy . 
  welfare queens boo . 
  capitalism and free trade will save us all . 
  it was your state spending that gave us the internet , microchips , gps , jesus anything too important to be made in a free market . 
  your tax dollars . 
  so thank you . 
  i like your country and your people . 
  i hate the power and the hegemony . 
  all the strength to you through these dire times brother . 
  nazis used working-class rhetoric to garner popular support too , do you think they 're socialists ? 
  you 're conflating marxism-leninism with socialism . 
  if they were socialists why did they crush all the socialist organizations ? 
  what did they do to the free territory of ukraine , an actualized form of socialism ? 
  and yes it was a horrible tyranny for its people , but innovation ? 
  who won the space race ? 
  yes it does . 
  budget deficit , healthcare , poverty , pick a metric . 
   lack of reforms that spanned a decade this is so vague it can mean literally anything . 
   financial crisis in 2008 oh yeah sorry for causing that / s  nokia imploding due to social democracy ? 
   did you not know that your state spending is higher than france or other nordic countries . 
  so what ? 
  seeing that your country fairs far , far worse it does n't support your conclusions at all . 
  please enlighten us .
