  so problem for me is i try to buy something ( often music ) on `` amazon '' and because i 'm often `` british '' according to vpn google targets me for amazon uk then i go to buy something and i 'm not allowed to buy it as i need a uk credit card address , then i go to amazon.de and the item does n't exist . 
  and then i just give up and download it illegally . 
  when that 's pretty much their only core policies they actually give a shit about then `` only comparison '' is a bit of an understatement . 
  they take those areas to win and then whoevers backing them gets to do whatever they want if it 's anything like trump or brexit . 
  in my fantasies i 'm imagining someone vocaroo 'd  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little bitch ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the navy seals , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on al-quaeda , and i have over 300 confirmed kills . 
  i am trained in gorilla warfare and i 'm the top sniper in the entire us armed forces . 
  you are nothing to me but just another target . 
  i will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of spies across the usa and your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , maggot . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my bare hands . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the united states marine corps and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , kiddo . 
  have you thought that maybe when one sides arguments consist of `` yes but you are n't using the right sources '' and claiming everyone is just an inherently biased hivemind and refuse to engage with individuals arguments then that is perhaps why people tend to get downvoted ? 
  as said i really could n't give that much of a shit on brexit i work and live abroad in germany already and it 's a net benefit for me that my student loans go down even if i might have to do some paperwork for a visa . 
  i just really hate bullshit . 
  but of course if i point out massive gaping holes in the logic then it 's `` we won get over it '' with 0 attempt to repudiate anything or source anything properly outside of misquoted express articles or `` nuh uh '' and for example rather than giving any concrete examples of a good brexit supporting article being downvoted you 're just saying `` yeah well you disprove my assertion '' and then claiming i somehow really give a shit about the overall bias of a forum . 
  facts and rational argumentation often ( nearly always ) leads to biased outcomes , deal with it or improve your own reasoning . 
  `` anti-british sources '' meaning economic agencies , ratings agencies , european and eu politicians saying ` we are n't going to give the british a special deal to save them ' and anyone who knows what they 're talking about ? 
  what are your `` pro-british '' sources saying that everythings amazing exactly if you believe this balance is so out of shape ? 
  e.g where is this evidence that `` german cars '' will really come to the rescue compared with mountains of evidence from both german businesses and politicians that they prioritise the structural integrity of the single market ? 
  are you sure you just really do n't like the fact that there is not exactly a lot of evidence showing that brexit is even not a bad idea , let alone this amazing get-rich scheme it was sold as originally ? 
  as said let 's see some evidence , we can compare and contrast the credibility of sources . 
  you just saying `` nuh-uh '' does n't mean anything . 
   if you think balance exists on this sub i think balance exists in that both sides can present credible sources and not just insult everyone as europhiles or whatever . 
  it ` sit 's not like there 's a ban on credilble brexit sourecs . 
  it 's just that no-one ever seems to post this supposed mountain of evidence and rational thought and instead pivots onto evryoneknowsaboutthelemuslimswedengermanyrapegangs or lesovrunty . 
  then when told that 's a moronic line of argument they start yelling about how `` liberalglobaliststhiswhybrexitwon '' or whatever . 
  as said evidence + reasoned argument based on credible assumptions . 
   you 're the perfect example of why it does n't . 
  i 'm not getting personal with you please show me the same courtesy . 
  nice to see poland stepping up to replace the uk in terms of eu interactions . 
  what the bloody hell happened after you ? 
  freaking loads of removed comments . 
  wonder what happened . 
  in seriousness  the snp leader told the bbc that holding a referendum in autumn 2018 would be a `` common sense '' decision as scots would be able to vote aided by a clearer picture of what britain 's departure from the european will look like and entail . 
  this is why brexiters are so scared of any further discussion or voting on brexit and why they were n't honest on what brexit was in the referendum . 
  they know it 's shit and they know only lifelong ideological eurosceptics are interested in their little ideological project so they need to ram it through as quickly as possible . 
  i 'm jealous that the scottish would be able to have what is effectively a brexit referendum but based on what brexit actually is . 
  i 'd say it 's more like getting a bus from london to manchester and demanding it go to liverpool to suit us and then saying `` fuck you all i demand sovereignty , how dare i have to have paid for a ticket for this bus ! '', 
  and getting off in birmingham ( not to shit on birmingham ), 
   how are the hard brexit tories going to argue that it 's better to remain ? 
  how can you embarass that which feels no shame ? 
   england : scottish ref 2014 : better together . 
  eu membership ref 2016 : well , actually ... more like `` yeah actually ... oh you 're unhappy about it !? 
  yeah well fuck you you fucking jocks ... why dont you love me !? '', 
  jesus i 'm english and do n't particularly like scottish nationalism even if it 's less toxic than the brexit movement but i 'd be voting to leave by now even without brexit . 
  if this does n't happen it 'll be no success of the snp it 'll be purely the fault of the tories and the daily mail english nationalist bubble . 
   in your example about the truck , it would probably end with `` trucks are widely used to transport things , but they tend to be used to run over people just like in nice '' . 
  the truck example would more be that most news reports about cyclist deaths in london would talk about the statistics of cyclists killed by trucks in london or calls for cycle lanes etc. 
  here 's an example from 30 days ago [ here ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-london-38923734 ) . 
  if you were a truck driver you 'd probably say they should just `` stick to the facts '' on a cyclist dying and ignore the prejudicial fact that several died in a few days or that there are campaigners calling for reform but in my opinion that 's almost as much a lie to pretend there is n't a wider context to individual events for fear of being seen to `` give personal opinions '' than outright making stuff up . 
  as said i 'm not having a go about switzerlands militia laws , but anything gun related in a country with a very distinctive gun law in europe is likely going to have that mentioned in the context . 
  just like if someone with an assault rifle foiled a terrorist attack that would also be mentioned in the story about why someone in switzerland might have been keeping a rifle at their house in the area . 
   the fact that they put some background on the militia and use a negative fact about it , clearly shows that there 's a bias behind it . 
  well sometimes facts are negative . 
  are there some positive facts about gun ownership you would put into the end of an article where two people were shot ? 
  if a cyclist gets hit and killed by a truck in london ( which happens a lot more than gun deaths in switzerland ) the newspaper article does n't finish with `` but trucks are of course a very useful and versatile way for people to transport goods which keep our economy moving and they still have to access shops inside built up areas '' . 
  i 'd propose what you 're looking for here is spin when you say `` stick to the facts '' . 
  celebrating = / = predicting due to various actions and grievances caused by westminster and england + the uk ( from way before brexit ) . 
  it 's just like people who said that european countries making up the eu were not going to give the uk all this free shit without any contributions , or that this would be bad economically are also not `` celebrating '' at all . 
   this entire shit article can be summed up with : guns are bad , m ` kay ? 
  it can be summed as two people were shot , details to follow , here is some background on switzerlands gun laws . 
  i think you 're the one seeing a moral judgement to it . 
  not applying to switzerland ( as i actually think it 's very sensible in terms of gun policy ) but it sometimes feels like anything that is n't `` ten kids were shot in a school shooting today . 
  but here is why guns are an absolutely great thing to have widely accessible in society even by the mentally ill and deranged is a good thing `` is the only acceptable way to report on gun deaths on the internet . 
  brexiters and british exceptionalists . 
  they only people who have problems are the people who come in spouting brexit delusion lines or tabloid myths . 
  the ones who were saying `` we 're gon na get all this free shit off eu because le german cars '' were particularly annoying although they seem to have given up now as reality hit . 
  i 'm not in favour of open borders at all and believe there should be a system that rewards people who follow the rules and apply properly . 
  but i will always call out bullshit when people bring `` le muslim hordes '' racism into it . 
  i think most people are in favour of a sensible system but then you have donald posters come in and people react against what irrational and anti-immigrant politics leads to as we 've all seen it in the us and uk . 
  it 's the british secret strategy to try to win by proxy . 
  get someone much more popular in and then claim the win in the name of the commonwealth and say we won . 
  stupid people are going to stupid anyway . 
  development funds , trade . 
  they 're ( pis ) are not as bad as the uk in terms of not understanding the concept of shared rewards but it 's a similar mentality . 
   i just fear that this anti-german sentiment spreads among their supporters and sets back german-polish relations even after pis are gone if it 's any consolation most people still banging on about the war and `` germans are nazis '' already believed it anyway due to being pigshit ignorant , especially the ones who are n't old enough to have lived through the war and are still purely being taken in by bullshit . 
  having a party playing up to it is the only difference , the irony being the people playing up to this shit swing much closer to the nazis ideologically than germans . 
  projection from the post-fact world as usual . 
  daily mail tommorow : `` eu foreign letters being allowed into english alphabet '', 
  no they do n't actually , the right wing media have hanged on about it so much as some fucking outrageous disaster but an unexpected surge of migrants that overwhelmed all existing systems and worst case scenarios was slowly brought down to a controllable amount within a year and a huge backlog of applicants is being handled and deportation procedures and controls on failed applicants are being improved now . 
  short of not having a crisis in the first place ( aka they shut their eyes to what was happening ) i 'm not sure if you could ask for much more than that realistically unless you 're indulging in hyperbole because you do n't have a real argument outside of `` everyone knows this '' the point of a crisis is that it 's unexpected . 
  mistakes were made yes but that 's the nature of slowly improving systems rather than making massive political knee jerk gestures like ( to take a counter-point ) trumps `` not a muslim ban '' that created way more problems than it solved . 
  it 's a `` success '' according to people who define success as fucking around with muslims and playing up to the audience but the fact it caused chaos at airports , no-one not even allies understood what was going on and it was struck down by a court shows it was an unsuccesful policy by all accounts . 
  you can point to mistakes made definitely looking at it dispassionately but what you 're doing is pointing to minor fuck-ups and saying `` this is a fucking disaster we need to elect people who hate democratic debate and muslims immediately ! '', 
  while ignoring what happens when you make big ineffective gestures in the manner trump has done which is actively creating a disaster where non-existed before . 
  perhaps it 's because i work at a company that works in a similar way with software but i have more confidence in implementing an objective and then improving your response and process along the way rather than big none thought through gestures that sound good but do n't work long-term and i think both trump and to a lesser extent brexit ( as less has happened ) have highlighted that actually these people bleating about how much smarter they are from the sidelines do n't have a feckin clue what they 're doing . 
  and a majority of americans would probably approve of a blowjob and a golden egg too . 
  doesnt mean that 's happening and the baggage that hes bringing in terms of being absolutely feckin mental even while doing stuff like his ( struck down ) travel ban has his approval ratings still some of the lowest of any new president and its going to get worse as the gop are n't backing him over this obama wiretap nuttiness . 
  that article talks abiut how trump consolidated white votes . 
  im not sure how you 're coming to this conclusion from that article . 
  [ pew research ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/11/09/behind-trumps-victory-divisions-by-race-gender-education/ )  he also won higher income voters , which obviously correlates with higher education .
