  i live in berlin and i havent even seen any uniforms while in kreuzberg on may day near schlesisches tor . 
  unless you count shitty clothes and dreads as a uniform . 
  well yes thats called how law works . 
  unfortunately germany does n't have a law making it illegal to be muslim . 
  those damn freedom haters . 
  id love to see some old ladies with `` blockwart '' vests which i think is the joke here in fairness . 
  referendum or bust for me . 
  i absolutely dont trust it not to get rammed through by hook or by crook if its decided by people who will not be on the receiving end of it . 
  at minimum to be fair for an effectively permanent piece of legislation . 
  we get a year to see the legislation . 
  then an election to pick the politicians we want voting on our behalf . 
  if its a terrible piece of screwing i want to be electing the most dependable anti-ttip mp i can find to be voting on my behalf . 
  not some career politician whos going to get whipped by a nice cushy job after . 
  doubtful . 
  as someone who works with it . 
  it requires money and expertise to set up a big data . 
  it doesnt just spring out of nowhere fully formed . 
  big data is mostly going to be in the hands of people who can afford it . 
  and theres very little money in corporate transparency . 
  `` u mad bro '' im so sick of people just resorting to childish internet memes . 
  its the equivalent of `` its just a prank bro ! '', 
  christ go back to 4 chan you lost this one with kiddy talk and insults . 
  except one has statistics showing it as a huge trend and the other has breitbart articles as evidence but little to no wider statistical evidence of an effect . 
  duh so we can circlejerk if it sounds muslim . 
  the dog whistling must go on . 
  i would expect because most germans will have spent five years in germany already . 
  i was just going for a generic welsh name but he did do some ads for welsh tourism yes . 
  meh - you could pretty much slot in any of the myriad of shitty places there . 
  i just chose wales because it seemed funny at the time . 
  a ) you go to the first safe country ( aka jordan/turkey for syria ) b ) you have to be persecuted , poverty does n't count as persecution c ) actively refusing to register in the first country in the eu ( once you 've violated step a ) & d ) not leaving when application for asylum is denied . 
  e ) if you 're just coming for economic reasons you need a job and a visa . 
  f ) do n't act like a dick when you are in a country that 's taken you in out of the goodness of their heart . 
  we need to be enforcing the rules for our own good in addition to the good of actual refugees for whom we then have less money , space , and goodwill to help them with . 
  i 'd say it 's an example of enforcing the laws made . 
  they take in refugees through legitimate routes and treat them fine . 
  they just do n't allow people to jump the queue by dint of being willing to break the rules . 
  we should be helping the ones who actually need it not the most pushy . 
  the islands are just where people go to when they try and jump the queue and i 've actually come round to it having been completely opposed to it a while back . 
  rhod we know it 's you , stop shilling for welsh tourism !, 
   send them to undesired locations wales to the rescue !, 
  and if it was just syrians temporarily fleeing war i 'm fine with it . 
  but even i have to draw the line at economic migrants skipping the rules everyone else has to follow . 
  there 's no need for calling people a homogenous horde etc. 
  but just enforce the damn rules . 
  and why the bloody hell are we the only ones expected to take them in and give them money etc when saudi etc do fuck all and even the ones that do take refugees in get nothing much outside of a tent . 
  and yet when we start talking about actually enforcing our own rules everyone has a big freak out as if holocaust 2.0 is being proposed . 
  a huge amount . 
  this is as dumb a statement as saying all europeans are the same and think the same way . 
  the colonial seperations were still redrawing of existing borders that 's just a painfully terrible point . 
  they arent the same people the only commonality is a religion . 
  by your logic theyre indonesian . 
  its not the size its how you use it dont worry . 
  i can understand that , i 'm on my second office in berlin and both have had proper geeky barista machines . 
  my `` second office '' in my second job in n\u00fcremberg has just an absolute steampowered monstrosity . 
  when did the germans get so into coffee ? 
  it 's like the one stereotype thing that definitely rustles my jimmies as someone who cooks and eats good food . 
  forgetting about actual english food for a second london eating culture from the most basic to the most fancy top end restaurant is some of the best if not the best in the world . 
  there are some incredible high end restaurants in rich places like copengahen absolutely but we have restaurants that 99 % match them , and then even mid level restaurants to lower end stuff like nandos is extremely varied . 
  in the stereotype `` food countries '' like france and italy etc i 've always found they 're playing off of a pastiche of the famous dishes and anything like asian influence or mexican food etc is looked down upon versus pushing the national dishes . 
  in terms of the quality and variety of food you can eat for between 6 and 12 $ in the uk versus the equivalent amount in `` foodie '' places , the difference is just light years ahead . 
  we always get this stick and yet eating in france unless you 're eating at a proper restaurant you 're basically eating what would be a pretty generic chain bar in the uk . 
  the french have rested on their laurels and outside of proper places most restaurants are pretty much content to rest on their laurels of vegetables , meat and red/white wine sauce . 
  people are very conservative eaters i find similarly with italians . 
  where i live in germany as a foreigner as well the actual national cuisine is pretty similar to the uk in terms of ingredients and principles of cooking , but the standard in restaurants outside of berlin with a huge amount of diversity and competition is really poor at an average standard even compared to the most generic of british town high streets . 
  and really berlin is only really competing because it 's so cheap . 
  my personal challenge is google maps right now . 
  see how long it can find you to find a good burger place , a good asian place like curries , stir fry etc , a good place serving local food , a good place serving american barbeque , a michelin starred restaurant , a good kebab/shwarma etc. 
  and then see what radius they are around you , how many they are and how much the total costs . 
  then go to your normal supermarket and estimate how many different countries foods you could cook based on what is available . 
  that is a far better test of how good a place is for food than just basing the whole thing off of a few high end restaurants that 90 % of people will eat in one or twice . 
  or even worse some anecdotal evidence about the friend who got served over boiled vegetables or whatever when they went to a crap restaurant in 1950 . 
  tl : dr my jimmies are rustled by this joke :p, 
  that very small country next to austria with ljubljana as the capital , duh everyone knows that . 
  i blame eu red tape and political correctness for strangling our bubblegum pop industries . 
  a brexit would allow us to make shitty bubblegum pop/eurodance freely without the constraints of brussels . 
  just like in the days when we were a great bubblegum pop empire . 
  well thank god only 0.5 % , that 's all ok then ... 
  so does this mean we are n't going to be last for once ? 
  it means a good excuse for drinking games . 
  i suspect sometimes that there are people who are actually thick enough to vote because of butthurt at how we do on eurovision . 
  could be worse , brexit could be blaming it on immigrants or eu red tape and claiming an independent uk would be free to negotiate our own netflix deals . 
  you have one that works for netflix though ? 
  i paid premium for zenmate but ive cancelled it for june now as that was 1/4 of what i use it for ( the rest being iplayer , gema move arounds and 4od ) . 
  its a shame as it worked great outside of netflix nerfing it . 
  re-occupation must be looking like a pretty good option if you can get 12 more titles on netflix . 
  i 'm shocked we did n't use that against the scottish in the independence referendum actually . 
  `` stay with us to have the 48th best netflix collection in the world '', 
  vpn does n't work at all for me and yeah the content from germany is shockingly bad outside of a few of netflix originals . 
  i 'm still pissed at the proxy thing living in germany i still have n't watch the frankie boyle bit that was released last month . 
  iplayer and 4od are at least still ok with proxies . 
  to dare to disagree here i like how britain is somehow a murca-esque bastion of free speech in this chaps world . 
  meanwhile we 're also the global capital for wealthy businessmen , me dictators and russian oligarchs go to sue people into bankruptcy for libel and defamation . 
  and we 're where the injunction and super injunction are used to silence the press routinely , not just as a quirk of ancient law . 
  were also leading the freedom to be arrested for offensive tweets . 
  and we have bugger all intention of reforming any of this . 
  while i like the competition i have the feeling if this wasnt connected to the refugee crisis and more connected to a large corporation not wanting their laundry aired , douglas murray wouldnt be nearly so zealous . 
  i dont remember any `` break the injunction '' competitions when trafigura used our court system to silence legitimate reporting as just one example of many . 
  the germans at least have a pragmatic reason of leaving decisions to the courts and are going to scrap this law when the case gets thrown out due to clashing with freedom of speech constitutional rights . 
  we on the other hand love to talk about freedom of speech while our courts make money as the legal attack dogs of bastards the world around . 
  just this week injunctions were used to silence the press to spare famous ( and rich ) peoples blushes and super injunctions are still a thing .
