  well it 's a section called `` world news in pictures '' . 
  the next picture of that slide is a black police officer being manhandled by two other police in a riot . 
  i could probably claim it 's racist propaganda about african people in the middle of a story about foreign people commiting crime if i was wanting to look for something to claim was propaganda . 
  that does n't seem unreasonable if i 'm honest . 
  the response of making it illegal is pretty concerning . 
  but these nazi death camps are about as polish as guantanamo bay is cuban . 
  this headline makes it sound like they 're trying to deny the holocaust or something which is clearly not what is being said . 
  i love how the german person explain how the german residency system works is the one getting downvoted . 
  for anyone who is n't going to get butthurt by bureaucratic facts here 's a link to a simplified overview in english . 
  if you want to go further you can read on the federal website but in english it 's a 404 at the moment ( if you can read german there 's a guide there ) http://www.sachsen.de/en/1454.htm, 
  there 's a difference between acknowledging that some are economic migrants and they should be deported when applications fail and the people who were slapping them all together and claiming they 're all economic migrant rapists . 
  as usual it 's the people in the middle trying to have a sensible discussion who got drowned out by wild sweeping stereotypes from both sides . 
  as its a case by case basis there are situations where someone could apply and be accepted . 
  e.g homosexuals , political refugees , people persecuted for religion etc. 
  as an example people have successfully applied for political asylum in the uk fleeing from russia ( not exactly a warzone either ) as one example . 
  it isnt as simple as `` is there a war '', 
  indeed , interesting , as said i sort of agree with pro-gun people that it is n't the mere existence of guns . 
  but it is the fact that irresponsible people are way more able to own them in the us . 
  the types of hurdles you talk about are seen as a huge government intrusion by a lot of the pro-gun people i talk to on the internet . 
  feel like i 've missed some slang here . 
  i 'm going to go google what the hell tantalum is . 
  and how it relates to fishing rods . 
  i 'm hopelessly out of my depth here . 
  out of curiosity how hard is it to get them though ? 
  aka what are the licensing hoops you have to jump etc ? 
  i 've always been of the thought that americas problem is n't guns but the fact that guns always seem to end up in the hand of angry gun nuts who should have had to pass more checks and registration before they were allowed to own one . 
  and your fishing rods apparently . 
  i 'm not getting at you but i am loving the fact that this sub has constantly gone about `` ca n't ignore culture , arabs have a misogynistic culture , they 're all rapists etc '' . 
  but the moment we imply the same thing about russians ( also wrongly ) everyone has a shit-fit about the racism of that statement . 
  there is a point to be made that people can get very hysterical . 
  but if a component of our surveillance state is exactly the same as in orwell , e.g if security apparatus were capable of tapping into every communication you make as they are now . 
  what is wrong with describing that as orwellian ? 
  that is very much what is described by one of the foremost works describing a violent surveillance state in history . 
  the main bit that annoys me about `` orwellian '' is the reduction of a huge body of incredible work down to one aspect of one book and the constant fighting over `` claiming '' him by ideologues . 
  damn , i missed a joke i 'll have to perform the british version of seppuku what ever that is . 
  but yeah it 's quite common that people miss the cost of living thing hence londoners being convinced they 're all really rich when they 're paid 25,000 pounds ,, 
  well indeed . 
  theres nothing there anyone wants why would anyone bother ? 
  honestly not found that . 
  as someone used to glorious british real money ... i live in berlin on 3k and a bit $ per month and my lifestyle is miles better than it was in the uk . 
  youd struggle to get me back without paying about 40,000 or so a month . 
  the range i got for a job in norway was huge on paper , but against cost of living wasnt enough of an improvement to justify moving countries again . 
  lololol cherry picked clips . 
  cutting satire here ... 
  i assume much squealing butthurt if this gets removed . 
  as are black people . 
  theres a lot of reasons behind it to do with poverty , higher sentences , stricter policing before we even get to `` inherently bad people '', 
  scummy tenants you have recourses against though . 
  scummy landlords your options in a competitive rental market are basically take it on the chin or be homeless . 
  i have sympathy for extreme cases like the above . 
  but there is zero to no legal protection for the vast majority of cases where it 's the tenant being screwed on a routine basies . 
  i ca n't believe how much i would regularly get screwed over when i was living in the uk versus germany because of `` oh well ... you gon na leave ? '', 
  germany i have the recourse of rent reduction or charging the company for things when they are n't fixed and both sides are on a far more equal footing . 
  that 's fine i live in germany , cheers . 
  not heard this , there a source or a story ? 
  wait what you mean `` the muslims '' are n't a monolithic group with a world domination agenda like the illuminati ? 
  yeah i 'm aware of both translations ( i live in germany ) it 's just a mistake i make a lot of the time when you translate into english quickly . 
  normally i hear `` menschen '' or similar in most modern political language here when you refer to a large group of germans . 
  out of curiosity as an outsider the use of `` deutsche volk '' sounds a bit err ... `` hitlery '' is that always how it sounds or do people say it innocently enough in other contexts . 
  makes syria look like a champagne picnic . 
  i think it 's subliminal , i 'm definitely guilty of it whenever i hear the word `` volk '' i translate it as german folk despite the fact i rarely hear that word outside political speeches . 
  it just sounds similar to `` folk '' from old english ( most likely due to the common roots ), 
  is that actually a limitation that you have to be hauptmieter/be named on a contract ? 
  it would n't surprise me if a load of them are registered as untermieter to addresses to get around that . 
  i agree that a lot will just stay off the grid though in my limited knowledge of it and stipulations for testing & paperwork etc. 
  that as my understanding with alg i too . 
  hence contributory then if it runs out you go to ii . 
  which in principle seems a decent enough system especially for people who pay into the system and keep it running for those who err `` are n't '' . 
  move or die aka economic migrants in this sub-reddit . 
  honestly i never learnt about it at school once . 
  only reasons i knew it was a thing was mentioned in a museum and i did some further reading on it . 
  i would n't call it white washing , but we are n't exactly overenthusiastic to deal with the bad bits of our history where we were quite possibly the bad guys . 
  it is n't worse . 
  just germany has a history with both doing terrorism so it 's probably worth noting who did what . 
  i 'd like to hear this too . 
  i thought harz4 was non-contributory minimum system and arbeitslosengeld was the contributory system or am i mixed up on where my taxes are going working in germany ? 
  most of the blokes hanging around on street corners are normally on harz4 as far as i know as their arbeitslosengeld money ran out a while back . 
  my friend who got fired from her job is now receiving arbeitslosengeld which is a percentage of the net salary she was earning before she lost her job . 
  as far as i know it that is how the two systems break down . 
  then i 'm not really sure of the point here . 
  as said there is n't any evidence either way . 
  i do n't disagree with this thing about not being integrated either . 
  but i absolutely gurantee if i went out tonight where i live in berlin , and got filmed on a train attacking people no-one on the internet would be queueing up to hurl condemnation on the inability of ** all ** british people to integrate into german society . 
  nor would we be anxiously looking for ways to shoehorn it into a race war . 
  i 'd say wait till we know what 's happened first . 
  there 's a conversation to be had about restricting migration , processing applications quicker and deporting failures better . 
  but wide `` all brown people are violent perverts '' statements are just kinda premature in my opinion . 
  especially based on very vague yahoo clickbait . 
  ok lets just go through and paraphrase this for you  barely anyone says all brown guys are bad . 
  `` i 'm not racist but ''  but a great number of brown people are savages , `` they 're mostly sub-human ''  since we ca n't separate the savages from the non-savages ( since they 're very good at acting ) , we must keep them all out in order to protect our own people . 
  `` therefore we must collectively punish all of them '' i 'm somewhat sceptical you would be ok with that non-logic if it was against you to dehumanise you . 
  hey let 's try ... `` a disporportionate number of people into cyberpunk are child rapists because of these cases and anecdotes i selected . 
  thus we must arrest everyone interested in cyberpunk and punish these monsters for the actions of the child-raping cyberpunk hordes '', 
  you must have non-immigrant activated blinders on then if you do n't think people do n't sometimes act like dicks everywhere . 
  you 're not that thick come on ... you seriously think your anecdotal evidence of riding the train rules out the possibility that drunk people of all colours sometimes have scuffles on public transport for whatever reason ? 
  apparently you were a very sheltered drug dealer then . 
  i 'm feeling poes law here right now for some reason . 
  i do n't think that 's exactly controversial . 
  my biggest point is there is literally 0 evidence these guys are n't citizens other than an assumption based on the colour of their skin . 
  everyone 's getting super duper outraged about the idea of incompaitable cultures etc based on a scuffle on a train between two guys who speak german .
