  have you seen a lot of proper fake news stuff in german yet ? 
  i saw a couple of fake articles ( i live in berlin and speak german ) but the german was so bad as to be laughable . 
  i 'm waiting for breitbart.de to launch and see what crap they 're going to start pumping out but i have n't really seen anything credible other than regurgitations of russia today stories and breitbart stories in english about how i live in a sharia law zone and get woken up by the call to prayer every day . 
  sorry but `` they '' is a pretty shakey term to use . 
  russia is saturated in pro-putin media , and any anti-putin voices are silenced or only allowed to speak in order to have anything they say ridiculed . 
  most polls coming out of russian media are a a step below polls from north korea . 
  you sure can say `` putin '' and `` putin '' supporters . 
  but even in russia not everyone voted for putin or for the irrational policy they 're suffering under . 
  shitting on the man in the street is kind of harsh even if they support putin as they 're not in control of what he does . 
  hilary cllinton would definitely have tweeted `` everything that disagrees with me is fake '' . 
  they 're all the same . 
  that 's right , your opinions are well thought through and informed and anyone making sarcastic jokes about equivocation is just completely misinformed . 
  there is literally no way anyone from outside of america could possibly have an understanding of politics and just simply not wanted to divert an article about the european economy into re-running the election . 
  if you just spam enough irrelevant numbers and semantics then no-one will notice how sparse the argument is when faced with clear direct evidence of the guy being absolutely bat-shit crackers . 
   thank you for clarifying you do n't have any understanding of the politics and popular sentiment in a country you do n't know anything about other than third party headlines . 
  wow i did n't know you knew so much about me to be able to say that based on me making a joke meme represnting years of aggression against the clintons from republicans . 
   the pop vote total is irrelevant . 
  not when someone tries to claim a candidate is disliked by people . 
  you do n't get to state stuff as facts and then run away into technicalities when the real facts are inconvenient . 
   you just prefer the over simplifications and sloganeering again you sure know a lot about me based on a sentence . 
  in case you did n't notice this is a discussion on the eurozone economy . 
  if you want a full nuanced discussion on hilary clinton and not just a quick reaction to trump reaching new levels of delusion then i 'd take it over to r/politics . 
  but seeing as she lost already i do n't really see the point and i 'd rather spend the time pointing out the stupidity of people who try to equivocate a tarnished career politician versus a completely delusional narcissist . 
   over simplification  hillary 's hubris fuelled bid for the white house keep telling yourself that when you go to sleep . 
  she was not perfect at all , but the lengths people go to to say `` omg they were totes the same '' is just getting hilarious now . 
  and as said `` but the emails '' is a nice simplistic phrase to represent 30 years of made-up crap and republican dirty games and yet she still got 3 million more votes . 
  which is pretty decent for such a horrifically crap candidate . 
  i 'm not sure what your point is . 
  i 'm telling you what actually happens [ heres zuckerberg talking about their policies ] ( https://www.facebook.com/zuck/posts/10101974380267911 ) . 
   should my post be deleted ? 
  is it violating any government laws or facebook policies on harrasment etc ? 
  if your neighbour feels it is then your neighbour can report it . 
  as said facebook will review it ( or more accurately send it to a third party to review ) and then they make the decision on the content they allow on their website . 
   should my neighbour sue fb and get money ? 
  yeah go for it , but your neighbour likely wo n't win their case as there is evidence of them actually doing it . 
  the reason this guy is suing facebook is because ** there is zero evidence of him being a terrorist , zip , nada ** . 
  and while the rights of edgy kids to post `` le funny muslim memes '' is important the rights of people to not be defamed is also important . 
  if your neighbour has a good case that facebook is defaming him by not removing content , then he 'll win in court . 
  they will review the post . 
  this is why they 're employing larger numbers of people . 
  most likely what happens realistically is your neighbour reports it and it gets flagged and put in a pile and then reviewed . 
  the obvious abuses just get instantly deleted and then the remainder go to a decision . 
  i do n't deal with 700 million a day , but i do work on similar systems that deal with million of people . 
  you have a flow and an appeal system for certain things . 
  e.g something violent or racist gets deleted and then looked at by a human . 
  other more on the ground stuff you have a way for the content owner to appeal etc. 
  there are lots of different ways to skin a cat . 
  but the main two points of this are a ) private sites are not there to protect the rights of people to post defamatory , racist or violent shit . 
  b ) when you allow anonymous posting of content without a clear link back to the person who did it then you take on that responsibility as the platform . 
  personally i sometimes think i 'd actually be in favour of content pages only being allowed to post and share stuff widely when linked with a real person . 
  there are plenty of anonymous sites and networks which real activists can put stuff through . 
  but i have a feeling there 'd be issues like this down the line . 
  so we 're sort of stuck with the route of having to deal with it when people post complete post-fact bollocks . 
  well not really . 
  problem is that people post this shit anonymously . 
  so either facebook introduces id checking for its pages . 
  or it takes responsibility for removing content posted anonymously with no right of reply . 
  if you 're not making up malicious shit then there is nothing to fear as you can prove it easily . 
  why the fear about facts ? 
  england not cornwall silly . 
  go back to arguing with devon about which is better and planning cornish independence . 
  not exactly the lightest read but the docs for this data are [ here ] ( http://appsso.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/nui/show.do?dataset=htec_emp_reg2&amp;lang=en ), 
  put an apostrophe there make it ` omeopathic then you can imagine it 's a cockney talking about it . 
  but hilarys emails guyz . 
  but if you put a disclaimer next to it saying `` this is completely made up in order to discredit a particular racial group , here are some sources proving it '' then that is censorship . 
  and if you even put out a piece pointing out that it 's completely made-up then that 's liberal bias . 
  in seriousness i think the far-right even knows they 're full of rubbish now hence the constant anti-press thing . 
  rather than trying to win the argument based on the facts just remove the facts . 
  as said our current state of affairs is built on being heavily linked in with the european economy . 
  and there is 0 evidence that we can yank that out and start again exactly the same and much more evidence of companies whos operations rely on that connectivity leaving or downsizing . 
  it 's all very well the uk saying `` we want it all the same as before '' but it 's up to the other side as well and it only takes one politician who wants to make a name for themselves doing it for a laugh . 
  and just hoping that `` they need us more than we need them '' is going to turn out as well as using shoddy intelligence to prove saddam had wmds did . 
  well the nhs budget got cut to the bone by the same people who did those posters . 
  so somewhat in the region of unlikely . 
  call me cynical but they might have lied about this and not actually given a crap about public healthcare the whole time : o, 
  those posts were still absolutely full of post-fact bullshit . 
  and if i punctuate calling out that bullshit by calling you a bullshitter by extension when you try to wind people up then report away and let others decide i genuinely could n't give a crap that some posts were deleted when there are plenty others highlighting you making shit up . 
  why are you chasing me around telling me i 'm being abusive ? 
  no matter how many times you say it just like no matter how many times you say `` remainers lied and leave did n't lie about anything '' or `` these polls do n't real '' does n't make it true . 
  now kindly pack it in with this deflection you are not the moderator , you feel free to contact the moderators but you do not decide what constitutes abuse . 
  i 'm not sure who actually does think this is acceptable apart from arms industry lobbyists . 
  i 'd argue it pretty much unites the right and left of politics that every penny we give to the saudis goes to funding people who are trying to kill us . 
  i call out a big load of bullshit and you get all triggered about it that i call you a bullshitter and why you are bullshitting just leave me the bloody hell alone if you do n't want anyone to disagree with you . 
  mods are free to delete whatever they want and a big argument of you saying i 'm being abusive and me just pointing out why you 're making stuff up with sources is their decision . 
   leavers have never had the power to trigger article 50 . 
  yes they did bojo , gove etc all had a pretty much clear shot at being prime minister . 
  they all fucked off when it was their moment to go because they do n't believe it . 
   no - i am delighted that the uk is leaving the eu . 
  i am a bit surprised you do n't think that the uk can be a successful country outside the eu . 
  if other countries can , why not the uk ? 
  because it is n't based in reality that we 're going to attract all these amazing deals that we need to survive . 
  meanwhile we 've just undercut the basis of our current massive global success and scored a huge own goal for our soft power . 
  and your plan of unilateral removing tarrifs would destroy all agriculture and industry in the uk . 
  you are going to be likely as dissapointed as everyone else who voted for 350m for the nhs . 
  meanwhile your answer to these criticisms is just going straight to the old `` you must hate britain if you criticise this '' which is surely getting a bit old by now . 
  i 'm not sure which polls you refer to but a ) as said a majority of the countries votes do n't count for anything so people do n't vote as if you are the one tory in a labour area or vice-versa then your vote is n't worth anything . 
  and your mp will never represent you . 
  b ) a lot of people would n't vote for labour at the moment because they 're a farce but feel they ca n't vote for another party . 
  e.g lots of people vote green in the uk , but none of their votes count because they do n't live in brighton . 
  c ) taking current conditions and assuming people would behave differently under others is foolish .
