  you must understand this is how we make ourselves seem more important again . 
  we were worried that we were n't an important country so we collectively loose our shit and make a big deal and hey presto we 're the most important/talked about country in europe again . 
  it is , but as said in the above article the language itself does n't come at the exclusion of all other factors . 
  and if we keep killing those factors that demand will slow . 
  e.g the reason australia , usa etc get a lot of immigrants is because they have a lot of jobs and a lot of them are well paid . 
  if the uks offer is stagnant pay and employers leaving then we ca n't just say `` well we speak english though ! '' . 
  i 'd hope we would too but are you really very optimistic about that under the current government ? 
  what was said about science and research by the leave campaign about what would happen to them ? 
  because i heard either bugger all or everyone saying `` oh do n't panic nothing will happen '' . 
  perhaps more important do you really think the government is going to risk political fallout from easing immigration restrictions again to allow researchers to work properly ? 
  even if it is `` just scientists '' the daily mail will not be reporting that . 
  i 'd agree that we should , but i 'm much less optimistic than you . 
  but we 're really struggling with that now because of the image issues . 
  smart people from abroad are n't stupid they dont want to come to a country and then be worried they 're going to be shooed out the second they are n't useful . 
  nor does stuff like refusals to gurantee students visas after 2018 make the uk a good sell at the moment . 
  all of this stuff like problems bringing families in etc are mounting up and now that we 're putting the eu in the same positions and likely cutting ourselves off from research co-operation etc then we 're going to start fighting against gravity to keep people unless we spend a shit load of money that we supposedly saved from brexit . 
  you have to come up with a catchy portmanteau of croatia and going into something then you can have your own ongoing story . 
  something like cringress or croing in or something along those lines . 
  that 's the secret to brexit being constantly talked about . 
  in fairness dubai a lot of the time is probably the only place where it actually is correct in the case of lawyers etc who go there on a secondment for a year . 
  they are not normally permanent workers there it 's an expatriated contract . 
  i just find it funny when i say for example `` i moved to germany to train and work and have no plan to leave for the moment '' i get referred to as expat whereas if i add `` i 'm a romanian and ... '' to the start of that sentence then i 'm an immigrant . 
  well that is one of the 4d chess arguments going i suppose . 
  but the uk leaving does ( like it or not ) put a lot of pressure on the eu politically and financially + this deal would likely make other european cooperation campaigns weaker if people can just say `` well you 'll just get associate membership what 's the issue ? '', 
  if i 'm honest reading the language in this and the lack of a mention of this on verhofstadts site i think he 's more said `` yeah that 'd kind of be cool i guess '' than it 's actually his baby . 
  though the federalist angle is an interesting one . 
  perhaps for oaps in spain or somewhere . 
  but most people who are actually working are largely the same as anywhere else . 
  if i had financial assets elsewhere i would n't be working in germany . 
  but yeah it 's a thought experiment anyway . 
  something something taking back control . 
  i 'm biased as one of those living in the eu , but it would seem even more unfair that people who pay into the eu system as taxpayers in their respective countries then get taxed again for the same benefits . 
  if i 'm honest people already living abroad it probably makes more sense not to pay , for me i 'm only a couple of years from permanent residency in germany and then i would only really care if i wanted to move to another country . 
  also then what about americans etc who are getting taxed for the upkeep of the eu ? 
  where is their say ? 
  why ca n't they get associate membership too ? 
  this is a can of worms and i think this is more them spitballing and trying to sound nice and diplomatic than a real proposal . 
  it 's fair enough and i appreciate the more nuanced analysis of the immigration debate than i 'm used to from a lot of brexiters . 
  however as you say this `` passes issuing '' thing is still an issue . 
  the whole reason freedom of movement works is that employers do n't have to deal with bureacuracy when hiring people and if i want to apply for a job in , for example , sweden then if i apply i 'm not worried that visa concerns are going to cause hang-ups for the employer because i 'm allowed to work there . 
  having a lottery for passes is introducing a new layer of bureaucracy , and how does one request a pass , how are they allocated between countries ? 
  what if they all go to bulgarians or romanians or daily mail hate countries is that going to make everyone freak out again because after all `` we voted for brexit this is the remoaners who do this '' . 
  it 's opening up huge cans of worms . 
   well , because these are what you might call ` personal benefits ' of the eu rather than ` national benefits ' . 
  leaving the eu still means losing all the national benefits , so this is n't `` eu a la carte '' from the perspective of countries . 
  well in terms of its outcomes that it gives a signal that you can leave the eu without losing rights for citizens then i 'd say the difference is immaterial . 
  this undermines the whole of the cooperation incentives that keep the whole thing standing . 
  and that 's going to be worth way more to them than a drop in exports to the uk . 
  well i 'm not exactly the usual case living abroad and being paid in euros . 
  if i lived in the uk i 'd still be pretty bloody pissed about stuff costing more and the likelihood of losing my job and having a stagnant income over the coming period . 
  for me personally the main practical drawback is problems over my immigration status . 
  e.g if i got made unemployed tommorow it 's possible i 'd find it harder to get a job as employers might think they 'll have to get a visa for me etc. 
   essentially , this is like a working visa to 27 countries . 
  if you 're worried about reciprocity , the uk just provides equivalent passes - they 're limiting the immigration numbers , so it 's politically possible , and there 's a quid pro quo in there . 
  well yeah , but they 're not going to reciprocate it though that 's the whole point of the whole hard brexit thing at the moment . 
  why does any brit who wants get to have an associate membership but everyone else has to be in a quota ? 
  leaving aside questions of reciprocity of numbers this is exactly the type of eu a la carte that all the big leaders have said wont be happening for reasons explained at length over and over again now . 
  why should n't everyone leave and then the eu can be just for people who want it ? 
  compared to the costs i 'd have to pay both financial and non-financial to going back to the uk ? 
  i 'd pay it in a second . 
  as said my student loan costs less and to get the same salary i get in euros in pounds now i 'd have no bloody chance in the uk . 
  i 'd pay it if i had to ( e.g , perhaps if i wanted to still have the right to move and i wanted to move to another eu country ) , though i 'd be mildly irritated if i was made to pay it even though i effectively pay for the upkeep of the eu through my german tax anyway . 
  overall i 'm way up from brexit which leaves me quite guilty feeling as a remain voter who still opposes full ukip brexit . 
  and others dont though . 
  e.g zalando being one of the classic cases . 
  and i 'm not sure what you mean by the risk taking ability but london is a place that will bleed you dry in a second if a risk does n't pay off . 
  theres definitely ups and downs to both . 
  all of the attributes you 've named are very fluid and while i agree with your assesment at the current moment in time a lot hangs on what happens after brexit on if those assumptions will still hold true . 
  is this really a stereotype of londoners ? 
  i 've not lived there in a while but afaik jokes about all the bars being run by aussie backpackers were just jokes ? 
  doubt its much to do with brexit , more to do with us having some of the craziest immigration laws going for non-eu people . 
  anyone in a startup situation is n't necessarily going to be walking over with millions of quid in the bank as we basically demand , so obviously they 'll take the path of least resistance . 
  in fairness what 's the issue with that ? 
  loads of people just want to travel and see a place without putting down roots . 
  loads of brits work in mallorca ibiza etc for a summer or longer , party a bunch then go back home . 
  that 's not exactly the same as someone who lives in a place for 10 years and still does n't speak to locals or whatever . 
  i do n't oppose this at all . 
  i 'd absolutely love it as one of those people working in europe . 
  i just said to someone else that if this happened then brexit would 've genuinely benefited me as an overall cost/benefit even though i personally opposed the idea . 
  but i do n't see how the incentives add up for the other side of the argument and that 's why i question it . 
  and there 's a problem we have at the moment that is similar to `` and mexico will pay for it ! '', 
  that we 're making these big speeches about things we 're going to get without either asking the people who are going to be giving this stuff , or even looking realistically if they 're ever going to agree to it . 
  i think i replied before but yeah i 'm sceptical to put it mildly . 
  ** if ** it did happen though i would have to put my hand up and say that for me personally working in germany brexit will have had zero personal impact . 
  i wo n't have experienced price rises , my student loan will have gone down in price , i 'll likely be experiencing a small bump in growth from any businesses that leave from the uk , plus now i wont have to worry about paperwork for residency stuff . 
  for me brexit will have been a good thing as a remain voter . 
  we 'll have to agree to disagree on if the uks success is linked to the eu or not but investment and the fact we 're now having to give handjobs to companies like nissan to stay seems to indicate there is at least something in it for us . 
  however the more important bit here is that there are 27 countries who will all have a veto on this and can make themselves look like they 're standing up to the big nasty brits . 
  plus if they screw our business links then many will likely benefit themselves . 
  and that really seems like a situation where we 're going to extract the ala ' carte eu ( this time on steroids ) that * everyone * has said `` no feckin way '' to ? 
  i 'd say the uk was a special case actually . 
  we 've had that kind of news for decades . 
  some of the usual `` anti-immigrants '' thing likely dovetailed slightly with post-fact breitbart style `` man with brown face gets in fight outside a bar on a friday likely a refugee ! '', 
  e.g [ this mis-reported headline ] ( http://cache3-img1.pressdisplay.com/pressdisplay/docserver/getimage.aspx?regionkey=g5sgdghqfs448xh9tr0wxw%3d%3d&amp;scale=100 ) type reporting but our tabloids have always made stuff up about the eu since boris johnson discovered he 'd get more readers if he made stuff up about ludicrious banana regulations etc. 
  well this is the problem with our policy making generally at the moment . 
  i sort of wrote a larger post above but basically saying `` well it 'd be great if we all got golden toilet seats and everyone can choose individually if we want to be part of this '' is n't the same as everyone else agreeing to it and stomaching the eu ala ' carte that would undermine them . 
  even the chap who proposed this guy verohfstadt says it 's `` coreageous '' . 
  this is what 's gotten boris johnson to the position he 's in now where he says `` well they 'll give us x '' and everyone says `` no we wont '' and then somehow that is n't being taken as a no . 
   mr verhofstadt , leader of the liberal bloc of meps in the parliament , admitted there would be opposition from meps who `` think it is too easy '' to allow britons to choose citizenship . 
   he added : `` i do n't know if it will fly or not -- there are big differences of view here in the parliament . '' some meps asked , `` why stay in the eu if your citizens can have the advantages of european citizenship '' .
