  you do n't see any problem with a president sabotaging investigations allegedly linking to himself ? 
  or the legislative branch working against investigations ? 
  i 'll refer you to history [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/watergate_scandal ) there 's no need to go further it will blow up inevitably , there is no way around it blowing up into a crisis . 
  well for one among many things a sitting president has fired the guy in charge of investigating the influence of foreign powers in that presidents election and that the ruling party are trying to bury a justice department investigation . 
  this is a threat to the concept of seperation of powers when the executive tries to undermine the work of the judiciary . 
   right , except now , the metropolitan areas have enough people in them to overwrite the wishes of a large chunk of the population and they will , almost every single time . 
  which means politicians will play only to the cities and ignore rural areas . 
  oh no , equality of vote value how bloody awful . 
  much fairer to rig the system so that your voters votes are worth more than everyone elses rather than have 1 person one vote . 
  that 's what the ` demos ' bit of democracy means . 
  as said that 's what a fair system looks like , whining that you do n't have an advantage does n't make it unfair . 
   you can just reframe anti-islam rhetoric as pro-gay/woman . 
  left is more likely to take that bait . 
  sharia law is a scary and commonly misunderstood concept . 
  not sure you can , the right already try and do that now e.g le pen was pretty heavy on it in france . 
  went down like a cup of hot sick amongst educated and metropolitan voters . 
  i do n't think it 's possibly to positively frame any racially or religiously discriminative policy to any segment of the population that likely has close contact with the people who 'd be on the receiving end of it . 
  you even see it in right wing areas that people reject racist policy when it 's people that they know . 
  e.g the classic being ` yeah but he 's one of the good ones ' . 
  the moderate right can make economic arguments but appealing to religion and prejudice and creating wedge issues like this have been shown to not work on cosmopolitan populations . 
  their votes would be worth as much as everyone elses rather than the current system where rural voters get more electoral college votes than voters from cities and densely populated areas where the college has n't been rebalanced . 
  nothing for them to be mad about . 
   and he would n't have to drop anything , he 'd just play it up from a different angle . 
  what angle can he play up wherein he can sell metropolitan liberals anti-metropolitan-liberal rhetoricl ? 
  there 's simply no way for it to be done . 
  not to mention as said that if he did try to then he 'd be losing the votes of the people who were so excited for him in the primary because of what he was saying . 
  at best the republicans might have a chance with someone like mitt romney but it 'd still be a hard sell and they 'd have to steal policies from the democrats who would also likely be more left wing as they would n't have to appeal to target state voters as much under one person one vote . 
  ` solid contender ' lol . 
  she did n't even beat spoiled votes and could n't even get half of young voters in conditions of huge unemployment right while the refugee crisis is fresh in everyones minds . 
  she did n't even beat abstentions in a country that is ` leftist ' as you say . 
  economy is on the up . 
  pro-european organisations are now more vocal and mobilised and old people are dying off taking a lot of the people who bought the lies out of the way , germanys going to be even worse with an outcome of merkel ( bad ) or schulz ( even worse ) and the reality of the unfolding shitshow of brexit and trump is acting as a warning to everyone else that they 're just authoritarians claiming to solve everyones problems . 
  macrons going to have a rough ride reforming france but he 'll have a growing economy in which to enact his reforms . 
  i would n't hold your breath . 
  do you really think there are 2 million trump voters in blue states that did n't turn out for him ? 
  old people vote in high numbers already there is no secret reserve of republicans in blue states that is n't massively outweighed by the increase in vote equality of a popular vote plus the effects of removing gerrymandering and other voter suppression tactics in red states . 
  a jew sir !? 
  my gosh that 'll be a controversial one . 
  as said how would trump appeal to city dwellers and minorities on the same platform as he ran on ? 
  he 'd have to move left and drop the muslim stuff . 
  then how does he win the republican nomination without bringing the loonies on board ? 
  as said the whole of the american system would be shifted to the left if you could n't win by targeting rural voters who are worth more per person/college votes than the blue states . 
  it 's a simple inevitability . 
  the us is in the midst of a massive constitutional crisis , has massively harmed it 's diplomatic and soft power in a matter of months and is currently sabotaging itself trying to destroy business travel and tourism to the country . 
  not to mention resetting it 's business laws and tax to how it was before the last global recession hit due to crap laws . 
  the uk has an economy filled with businesses that are all tossing up whether to leave or not or are already leaving . 
  raw materials are going to cost more pushing up the costs of manufacturing reducing export demand after a temporary spike . 
  has had it 's science community absolutely devastated by being basically black listed from long term scientific projects and inflation is going up with no sign of any porportional pay increase . 
  the uk is the opposite of stable for any business working there as they know precisely nothing on if they will still be able to conduct business as before . 
  if by left wing media you mean our own central bank leader and pretty much every credible economist then that 's a little bit confused . 
  it is very far from ` the same as before ', 
  if there was a popular vote then liberals and minorities in cities votes would be worth the same as rural conservative votes . 
  it would be absolutely impossible for the republicans to win trying to appeal to metropolitan educated areas without basically becoming a centre left party as well and dropping the racial dog whistles . 
  there 's only so much you can do with targeting of campaigns when you 're trying to persuade people ` vote for us we hate you ' . 
  sort of my point . 
  in this context ` populists ' generally means the people who were campaigning with the post-fact anti-globalist agendas backed by americans and/or putin . 
  as said leave.eu was a populist campaign , but i dont think the main leave campaign headed by boris was similar to le-pen or trump ( they came close with the turkey lie i guess ) and may and the conservatives are n't enacting any populist policies like le-pen/trumps muslim stuff etc. 
  seems more like they 're going to continue the same conservative guff with more gusto on the deregulation and throwing the occasional bone to daily mail readers to shut ukip up . 
  i ca n't help but feel like when putin is done some really nasty shit he was hiding is going to come to light about the last decades with all the killing of journalists and crackdowns on dissent that are barely reported on due to lack of media . 
  why ? 
  how what evidence is there for this ? 
  how can you possibly know this for sure ? 
  there 's nothing specific in islam about hijabs so there is no `` fundamental '' for her to be fundamentalist about when it comes to deciding if she puts a scarf on her head or not . 
  she 's not in iran though . 
  there are no laws about wearing or not wearing hijabs . 
  thus making any assumptions on her views or if she 's forced to wear it completely baseless . 
  it 's not even confirmed if she 's sunni or shia or any other branch of islam . 
  it 's not even definitively confirmed she 's even observant of islam and does n't just wear it because her mum did or something . 
  as you say with things changing and fashions changing you 'll also see old women who wear headscarves in the uk out of ` modesty ' as well because that was the done thing a few decades ago . 
  he was the first posh looking guy with a moustache i could think of . 
  could be anthony eden or any 40s-70s pm with a moustache . 
  but aye i 'd say not a terrible choice . 
  true but cameron was doing that to try and head off the right wing in the country , that was the most establishment kind of game playing difference being that it blew up in his face when he hoped he 'd get to settle the european question in the conservative party and stop defections to ukip . 
  he got his fingers bitten because he thought he could just breeze through everything and get a rubber stamp and move on . 
  the proper populist tactics of blaming muslims for everything , making stuff up raging against globalists/liberals etc came from nigel farage/his american links and the tabloids . 
  the conservative party i 'd argue are n't populist in the same way that trump is , even in the campaign the main campaign was n't expressly banging on about muslims the closest they came was the bollocks about turkey being about to join . 
  all of the stuff about muslims and refugees and anti-trade stuff that trump bangs on about came from the leave.eu campaign none of whom are in positions of power now outside of having very loud voices in the press . 
  even if the uk goes for full-retard brexit the politics in the uk is nothing like the changes trump did or the ones that le-pen or wilders wanted to do . 
  the policies being talked about are still ` just ' conservative policy and as much of a terrible leader theresa may is she 's not gone the full demolishment of government checks and balances way the way that trump has and the le-pen would try to do . 
  basically i 'd say the conservatives have just ridden the ukip populist wave but are still the same conservatives as before . 
  sure thing mate . 
  there definitely is n't any contradiction in freaking out about a headscarf on one person due to a moral conservative background but not freaking about a headscarf that 's a relic of a different conservative moral background . 
  indeed , and the worst part of it is that sensible policies like increasing deportation enforcement and stronger laws on domestic abuse then become tainted by people who dont give a shit about good laws just fucking over polish people/muslims/bulgarians / etc and it gets harder to actually enact them by normal parties . 
  absolutely kills sensible discussion indeed because then i find myself arguing against racists who seem to think that just because i do n't believe in making a pre-crime based on being muslim that i 'm in favour of global open borders and 0 control and this kind of nonsense . 
  who 's actually watching it for the music anywhere ? 
  jesus christ who are these lunatics ? 
  ouch . 
  if i 'm honest how fair is it to call the uk ` populist ruled ' now ? 
  brexit was definitely a populist movement ( and arguably more so as it won a majority versus trump who lost the popular vote ) but our actual government has n't changed we 're still ruled by establishment conservatives and mays very cagey on her actual relationship with brexiters as a political group within the conservative party constantly slapping their big guys down when they get a bit too much . 
  afaik britain is still britannia , i do n't have a clue who the chap representing the uk is outside of generic ` posh english chap ' unless we changed to being represented by [ clement atlee ] ( http://www.biographyonline.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/attlee1.jpg ) now and i did n't get the memo . 
  if anything if they wanted to represent the uk as a man then they should be using [ john bull ] ( http://www.historic-uk.com/assets/images/whoisjohnbull.jpg?1317746320 ) or personal choice would be lord kitchener of [ your country needs you fame ] ( https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/i/41cmeyjgdrl._sy450_.jpg ) . 
  i 'm so outraged by this innaccuracy i literally tutted . 
  apologies wrong reply my bad . 
  we already had the means to do this in the eu , cutting our border force to the bone and our policing ( thanks home secretary may ) and not using the increased money to keep infrastructure up to date is far more of an issue hence how everyone else manages better . 
   it was n't like this 10 years ago . 
  weird that we got a government into power pushing through massive austerity and slashing public services also came into power almost 10 years ago . 
  could be related . 
  this thread has been modded to hell now but yeah when i was first in there was a fuckton of abuse and the usual `` lol le tolerance in europastan '' nonsense . 
  as said people tend to not want to talk about the intricacies of womens rights and their relation to islam in europe when it 's a load of people talking about barbarians etc. 
   strength and stability , .
