  that says people can be manipulated with fear . 
  which perhaps you should think about for a second . 
  but as said that is n't the norm historically . 
  that is much worse than before . 
  not just for high paid professionals but for everyone . 
  this is why i 'm in germany personally . 
  i 'll always move where i can have the best life . 
  owning is a possiblity before i 'm 30 here . 
  yes , is turkey an islamist country and there is no-one receptive to anything else ? 
  patently not . 
  and actually i was expecting protests to have happened earlier seeing as turkey has such a strong secular history . 
  they 're not persuading hardline islamists they 're persuading their government and the wider society though . 
  not to mention asserting themselves as a movement . 
  the only way you can credibly say this is thinking turkey is genuinely an islamist society as a whole and not just a society split between hardliners and moderates and secular types . 
  the other is a straw man . 
  i really think you 're a lot more optimistic on what people get paid in software development than what is real . 
  and a lot less pessimistic on just how much of peoples incomes are sucked up by rent . 
  this is why home ownership is decreasing so much . 
  remember you have to look at medians not just the top ones working at high end companies . 
  i 'm not a software developer i came into it from another field and most of my friends who are kind of struggle too . 
  they can afford it but they 're hamstrung by high rents and high cost of living around london . 
  only people i know all had cheap rent from parents or a place they already had . 
  as said makes more sense for me being in berlin where i can actually save money . 
  especially now my income in the uk is a lot higher for if i do decide to move back . 
  also tenancy rights and quality of life are much better . 
  too right i was often underpaid , you 'd have to pay me a shit-ton of money to make me go back to the uk now as i 'd be losing a lot of quality of life . 
  it 's not going to be good either way . 
  and it definitely is n't good in my field at all in programming and technology stuff . 
  leaving that aside it was already pretty crap living in the uk as someone working under 30 who has n't inherited wealth or a house . 
  a fucked economy is just the icing on a shitty cake . 
  i 'll be honest making mild jokes about brexit seems to be the new making jokes about islam for how much people freak out . 
  decision to move abroad couple years ago looks like it will be the best decision i made in my whole life at this point . 
  at least you 're more honest than both bojo and may have been . 
  as said though normal people do not have the skills you and me have . 
  i live abroad in germany only thing that affects me is worst case of a mild inconvenience with visas to continue working . 
  as said though my family and friends still live in the uk and fucking their lives over over some conservative back-bench parlour games is absolutely retarded . 
  but possibly a good thing for everyone else that they can see where following people without solutions get you rather than properly electing a far-right party . 
  as said , completely shameless . 
  rather sums up the problems of brexit that there is n't actually a solution here that 's actually going to benefit the people who voted for it . 
  unless by `` common man '' one means jacob rees mogg . 
  hence why the money for the nhs was so airily dismissed as made-up by the people who were arguing tooth and nail for it the week before . 
  absolutely shameful state of affairs now we 've gone post-fact . 
  yes because the left definitely are the ones who benefited from a rise in terrorist attacks both real and exaggerated ones . 
  and are also the ones using terrorism to try and push policies . 
   i have private healthcare . 
  additionally ukip are now irrelevant . 
  to answer your question directly though , sure i 'd trust them - they 're just tories who really wanted us out of the eu . 
  that 's priceless to bang on about elitists not caring about the common man when you are one of the elites whether you have it through your work or pay for it privately . 
  sort of highlights the surrealism of `` populism '' at the moment . 
  indeed . 
  and genuinely in real life how often does anyone sneer at tradesmen for being tradesmen ? 
  a lot of people laugh because white van man reads the sun and says stupid shit but no-one actually sneers at physical work . 
  no protests - `` oh well see they embrace it ! '', 
  or `` they should n't be coming over here they should be staying there and improving their own societies '' protests - `` lol how stupid of them they 're going to have opponents '' . 
  - internet angries . 
  nope nope , all of turkey is the same and everyone in the middle east thinks and acts the same . 
  get out of here with your complexities and facts . 
  what a great argument . 
  way to counter the stereotype of uninformed angry people hurling insults without putting forward any points and not using anything apart from selected and anecdotal evidence . 
  so the migrant crisis was n't brought up at all in the campaign and was n't a central point amongst the secondary campaign ? 
  that 's pure revisionism , just look at the headlines from the time and the discussions both here and on facebook . 
  not a clue i dont follow scandinavian news that closely . 
  but there are plenty of examples of the opposite case when people have huge undeclared incomes that they were using in corruption or when people are getting special advantageous deals of tax authorities etc. 
  this makes that harder to do . 
  because corruption affects everyone else in a country . 
  and if said `` laundry owner '' has a sweetheart deal with the government where they are paying less tax than other businesses then that is again in the public interest . 
  if you want to see an example of the opposite then have a look at secret tax deals made by large companies in the uk and ireland . 
  or at its extremes in the ukraine where it turns out a load of polticians have massive undeclared incomes way beyond what was publically stated . 
   brexit is likely to be an existential challenge to the eu . 
  [ it seems unlikely at best ] ( https://global.handelsblatt.com/politics/three-months-on-brexit-divides-europe-615927 . ), 
  remember brexit came right off the back off of a migrant crisis that was absolute tabloid fodder for post-fact anti-eu stories that and even then it was close . 
  especially as the uk has set itself up to be screwed diplomatically even without a bad trade deal then it 's looking more and more like bluster now . 
  hence why no-one is arguing things are going to be better anymore it 's just a rearguard on how things are n't that bad . 
   i disagree . 
  in my own view the uk should welcome immigrants on the basis of their skill set rather than on the basis of nationality . 
  that policy strikes me as being not only ethically better , but also economically better . 
  ok but you 're in coalition with people who 's main arguments were to do with calais and muslims and nothing to do with the eu . 
  leaving aside the impracticalities of vague `` skill sets '' ( can you flesh that out a bit ) . 
  surely it 's better to have more immigrants from areas that share our values and have higher standards of education and cultural match ? 
  people on freedom of movement overwhelmingly paid in more than they took out , it is a domestic failure that we elected governments who cut healthcare and education . 
   i suspect that without the official campaigns , the margin of victory by leave would have been greater . 
  remain after all had by far the most effective resources at their disposal . 
  the eu is just simply not a product that british people like . 
  the product itself has a branding problem because of the lack of obligation felt by the right-wing press to not make things up for the last 40 years . 
  if your point were really true you 'd see the exact same things in other countries that use the same product and there simply is n't the same belief in nonsense or the same desire to leave . 
  other eurosceptic movements but they are either far more measured and reality based ( e.g more like dan hannans type arguments ) or they are completely way out loonies who have no hope of power anyway . 
  only here were the two working together . 
  because it means that someone has to take further steps to hide an illegal income . 
  an income being massively out of porportion with all logic is a huge red flag . 
  plus if the public see it as well it stops the `` coziness '' between tax authorities and people with the means and connections to pervert the normal legit way tax is done . 
  not sure if you 're serious but stds are also not a systemic issue they are a personal health issue and are normally treatable and are not linked to adultery they are linked to condom useage . 
  the entire of a country being unaffordable to normal working people is not treatable with a trip to the doctor for the clap pill . 
  citation is tory party policy being [ controlling immigration over the single market ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/oct/02/brexit-theresa-may-prioritises-immigration-curbs-over-free-movement ) and repeated surveys showing immigration as a high or the highest priority depending on how it 's broken down [ recent poll showing still 39 % of country showing immigration as their highest prio ] ( https://www.ipsos-mori.com/researchpublications/researcharchive/3795/public-divided-on-prioritising-access-to-the-single-market-or-controlling-immigration.aspx )  you are no better than a leave voter who wants to reduce immigration . 
  you just want controls to be exercised in a different way . 
  indeed , and to answer in short we should 've controlled non-eu immigration more and pushed for border controls at the european level , not flailed around and punched the wrong guy in the face in a way that 's going to have very little effect on the non-eu immigration compared to electing someone who would 've actually done something as well as screwing ourselves on a whole shitload of other issues and alienating political allies . 
  i actually talk about the racism angle in another reply to you . 
  so i 'll just deal with this  the position was to leave the eu , which is a coherent position . 
  right but the problems of a load of these groups are n't going to be solved by this because as you just said with the bus etc they were being wilfully mislead . 
  and not just `` oh we ca n't do this now we 've looked at the books '' . 
  they knew this from the start when they started pumping the bus lie were repeatedly called out by the other side and independent authorities .
