  brexiters are convinced the rules do n't apply . 
  the eu 's position ( contrary to tabloids talking about malice ) is actually very clear and non-malicious ( surprisingly clear for the eu and it 's member states ) . 
  all that has to be done is follow the four pillars and the uk can talk about remaining in the single market . 
  it 's peoples insistence on freaking out about irrationally about immigration over everything else that is causing the issues here . 
  i think people are getting ahead of themselves . 
  all this means is that parliament is to be consulted on brexit . 
  which is definitely a positive as it means some opposition to the total post-fact conduct of brexit right now . 
  but this is n't going to magically reverse brexit or the consequences . 
  all this means is the uk is n't going to go completely balls deep and likely will drop this stupid charade where our government acts like everyone does n't know exactly what we want . 
  but 52 % of the country does n't just evaporate . 
  we still voted for brexit this just means everyone else gets a say in what that means rather than us basically ending up in a ukip wet dream without anyone having voted for it . 
  meh at least the post in r/de is just everyone making jokes about being forced to wear burkas etc. 
  in fairness i 've found that across loads of countries . 
  generally i found meat in germany to be of a lower quality for the same `` markings '' than the uk and there is a lower variety of food stuffs in most normal shops . 
  kind of surprising to change a packaged meal though . 
  almost seems nonsensical . 
  oh god not this idiot again ... no mate read my flair . 
  it was a plan of mine to go for a year or two but brexit has torpedoed my plans for the next two years as i need to stay in germany to get permanent residency before i can work somewhere else . 
  i 'll be sure to thank my stupider relatives for that at christmas when i 'm home in the uk . 
  but yeah oz is pretty great definitely have a crack at it i have a few friends around there in some pretty interesting jobs . 
  something i 've really noticed living abroad in a foreign country where i am normally the only native english speaker in a group is how different the way i talk has to be day to day now . 
  it 's actually quite overwhelming being back in the uk and not having to slow down as i find myself over-thinking everything for first couple of days and my parents think i 'm retarded and ca n't speak normally anymore . 
  i think the title is a bit clickbaitey but it is kind of noticeable that `` international english '' goes at a different pace and uses different words than british english when i 'm with other british/american people . 
  as said tourism has nothing to do with the four freedoms though . 
  and noone is trying to limit it in the uk . 
  so even speaking as someone who voted remain and is constantly talking about this type of picking and choosing myth . 
  your erection for malicious treatment is likely to leave you with blue balls . 
  also im already long term resident in germany so just saying `` you people '' etc is both wrong as well as suffering from the usual problems of trying to think people in one country vote as a hivemind . 
  its been fucked for most actually working and under 30 for a while now . 
  as said collapsing currency and the results of it are just the icing on the cake . 
  only people ostriching low wages , high rents , low job security etc havent noticed it . 
  `` misinformation '' lol . 
  as said youre angrily saying `` not true '' but not actually saying another other than casting aspersions on me . 
  yes im crying about my terrible judgement having a well paid job that trained me and gave me career options and being able to afford to live and having tenancy rights . 
  im really regretting everything i did lol . 
  so you have bugger all to say on the matter then we can all safely assume . 
  just impotently insult everyone . 
  priceless prong :d, 
  you know fuck all about what i work in . 
  let alone technology generally with your `` widely acknowledged hurr durr indians will do it '' spiel . 
  when most trends say the opposite is happening . 
  and your only answer is `` le traitors '' like a usual delusion prong when i say my life experience which is also backed up by evidence of massively declined spending power for young people . 
  rather than getting angry what are your incredible so so smart life choices and when did you make them and why ? 
  do you have any relevant experience ? 
  the fire was fuelled by things like poor control of borders . 
  things that would also be solved better with co-operation that we consistently blocked in the uk because of people bleating about armies . 
  just saying go limp and do nothing is the ukip approach . 
  you 're absolutely deluded if you think `` lol dey all islamist '' is taking stock of anything . 
  what is n't working ? 
  what specific policy are you talking about here and why ? 
  and then stick to it for more than 20 one comment . 
  seriously this really pissed people off for some reason . 
  eminently sensible opinion though . 
  i 'd argue none of the examples listed have quite the associated grievances though as anyone connected with world war two in eastern europe . 
  bonaparte lost to britains wellington but wellington did n't then proceed to kill a large number of french people . 
  and this did n't happen within peoples lifetimes either . 
   i dont think it will work . 
  i 'm not exactly shocked seeing as your approach is entirely conclusion led and with little consideration for complexity where muslims are involved . 
  what does this have to do with anything do you want a pre-crime of being muslim or not ? 
  as said you 're still putting the conclusion first . 
  they 're protesting to change views . 
  they would n't protest if everyone agreed with them . 
  same as any other place . 
  i do n't think incomes have been reduced but they 've not really grown ( and granted i 'm going off of london ) versus escalating rents . 
  when you say owning a place in yorkshire off of a london income that is n't quite the same as what is meant . 
  where i am in berlin i can actually afford to rent and own where i work . 
  and this is the case for others who are under 30 . 
  and when did you buy ? 
  as said a combo of high deposits and high rents means even friends of mine working in pretty decent jobs and living in student flats are still not in any sight of owning a place . 
  i 'd have to be paid a pretty high amount to have the same lifestyle as in berlin hence why i 'm not regretting the decision . 
  if i 'm honest i might have to take a look at it but i have a feeling it differs a lot on incomes between fields . 
  web developers are fairly easy to find now versus something more specialist . 
   but people like you did . 
  mate again it 's just personal insults whenever i point out you ca n't just have a conclusion and then look for the facts . 
  you 're just wriggling around now just to justify hating le evil muslims . 
  you 're exactly the same as old fashioned anti-semites . 
  and they are probably not going to persuade many of the islamists as you 're refusing to see there is a large variety of views and they are trying to increase the number of people with their views . 
  exactly the same as how ireland is now different culturally from being hardline religious before . 
  as said you need to look at the facts then make a conclusion not the other way around . 
  yes your life story outweighs all the data on reducing homeownership and incomes . 
  when did you buy this house what type of software development were you working in ? 
  where were you living ? 
  needs a bit of context or you 're just wasting everyones time . 
  i 'm not sure you can really translate it like this . 
  the british versions of classes has way more to do with social capital , education levels , whether you are a professional or not etc than just income . 
  even this guy in the videos approach i 'd question as he 's taken broad strokes like `` manager '' and said `` middle class '' when someone like a senior electrician may well have more claim at being `` middle class '' managing a company than someone who is leading a sales team such is the complexity of these things now . 
  it also is n't helped that a lot of people call themselves middle class despite being in highly replaceable positions and on low incomes but they work in offices . 
  you should read the article you posted as `` evidence '' of your point . 
  the whole point was to inflame people into knee-jerk reactions . 
  we 've had terrorism before and we 'll have terrorism in the future . 
  and there will always be calls for knee-jerk reactions and collective punishment . 
  and ireland has anti-abortion governments due to catholic . 
  does it mean that no-one there is receptive or on the fence about pro-choice messages ? 
  it 's complicated when you talk about governments and the `` people '' and the `` culture '' . 
  exactly my point . 
  you googled it with the conclusion you want to find and then jumped at the first article . 
  which is n't saying what you want it to say and you hoped that i would n't read the article . 
   what seems almost certain is that the islamic state wants you to equate refugees with terrorists . 
  in turn , it wants refugees to equate the west with prejudice against muslims and foreigners . 
  that does n't say not welcoming muslims makes them terrorists .
