  indeed , i 'm quite amused the catch-all word in die welt and a couple of others is `` fluchtlingsstrom '' at the moment . 
  it seems quite apt even if i dont know if that type of talk might raise eyebrows or not . 
  germany seriously has done a huge amount already and it needs to be paced so that it does n't get silly and camps/centres need to be found ( talk in berlin is of tempelhof being used for quite a lot of them ) and not get overwhelmed and something needs to happen on the ability for refugees to move freely between countries which even i accept can and most likely will happen with bad consequences . 
  and shills you forgot the shills . 
  as far as i know they `` shut '' the border between germany and austria is what the news here in germany is saying so they 've temporarily suispended schengen and they 're using army to supplement the police checking passports/if you 're meant to be there etc. . 
  only when they are against something reddit hates e.g muslims at the moment . 
  when there was a similar protest against the pope everyone was queueing up to call femen attention seekers/tumblrinas etc. 
  theyll be back in the hate box soon enough . 
  ooooh ... i get it . 
  thanks . 
  i err ... dont get this joke . 
  listen to this guy everyone he definitely knows what he 's talking about insulting people . 
  out of curiosity are they actually working/living there there or are these just people on seasonal jobs/in tourist areas ? 
  i know it 's a fun stereotype of the british never learning other languages but most people actually living abroad ( i.e not a summer job in tourism etc ) i do n't think are that much worse than anyone else in an unscientific sample of my circles in germany i do n't think the british are much worse than anyone else . 
  i also think that a lot of people because english is a lingua franca are just assumed to be british if they do n't speak the local language . 
  have always been curious about this as i find it bizarre how much harder living in germany would be for me if i had n't pushed hard on the german my first months . 
  not that i do n't speak english with friends but if that crutch of language is kicked out you really are up shit creek . 
  sure you would mate . 
  after saving for most likely years and spending thousands youd go back home to bombs and mustard gas and try again to save . 
  indeed it 's weird how everyone turns into mini-eichmanns when it 's something that wo n't affect their sheltered lives . 
  theres a lot of stress and there 's your family and children being left in a warzone due to what would seem like an arbitrary deadline . 
  you dont know how you would react . 
  also and dont downvote because you dont like it im explaining the reason not justifying it . 
  do you seriously think that all immigrants are inherently evil ork esque brutes ? 
  especially because of this one anecdote from a guy on the web ? 
  far from a hippy actually so lets drop the name calling as said im not justifying it . 
  but a ) theres plenty of footage of people flipping into a mental breakdown under far less stressful circumstances just watch an episode of `` cops '' if you dont want to believe that b ) its likely the guy fucked up as he isnt a `` pro '' at this . 
  its normally the honest ones who dont know how to work the system fully c ) it doesnt invalidate the whole concept of refugee status as people are straining to do . 
  as said one more time im not justifying it but i can see how crazy shit can happen when someones family is at stake . 
  no it doesnt read the last sentence again . 
  yeah because no-one would ever be driven to a near mental breakdown by having their wife and kids left in a warzone by a deadline that he probably struggled to know about . 
  like all redditors he would just say `` sorry to bother you about my wife and kid dying m ` lady '' tip his fedora and skip whimsically out the door ** not excusing it ** ( edit : added emphasis there for the illiterate < ) but someone being mentally broken doesnt invalidate the whole concept . 
  i just gave you an answer with a link and an article . 
  i 'm confused if i 'm honest now . 
  i do n't think anyone was ever claiming that germany somehow invented turkish cuisine . 
  ah did n't know that i 'm in berlin so that would probably explain a lot never been looking for the place . 
  could 've sworn i saw a few in k\u00f6ln though when i was there but maybe i 'm imagining it . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/foodanddrink/4295701/the-man-who-invented-the-doner-kebab-has-died.html as said the meat and the origing is turkish , the idea of sticking it in a piece of bread was created and popularised in germany berlin . 
  the jury is out . 
  much like america did n't invent a lot of foods but adapted them and repopularised them . 
  kaisers and rotkohl is german as hell . 
  as is microwavable doner . 
  i cant help but feel that i want to try a microwave doner somepoint i 've only seen it in supermarkets here in germany . 
  but i hold very little optimism . 
  you seriously dont know kaisers ? 
  the supermarket here in germany ( i live in germany ) . 
  we really dont have red red cabbage really to the same extent . 
  greasy kaisers rotkohl in a jar or microwaveable d\u00f6ner . 
  was going to say , and in fairness as far as i understand it is actually created in germany in terms of the idea of putting it in bread so you got that going . 
  in fairness the one 's leaving are normally the ones who are saying `` fuck that '' to isis . 
  if they were the nutters they 'd be heading to iraq etc. 
  in religious terms these are people who are fucking sick of the religious crap and just want to be left alone to do their shit . 
  we have pretty shitty housing in a lot of the uk in fairness relative to what is paid for said housing . 
  as far as i know as a uk citizen living in germany the only fuss at all is having to get my passport out at the airport . 
  citation needed . 
  i know this is a big persecution story but the bbc has consistently been in the centre and moving rightwards for years under conservative pressure and constant threats to funding . 
  or did bbc propaganda win labour the election while i was n't looking . 
  the right hates the bbc because murdoch hates it . 
  only in the english media are they banging on about it . 
  listen to snp refusal to say anything about it at the moment and how much they piss off their yes supporters . 
  but yeah the eurosceptics will not stop banging on about bias . 
  only in the english media are they banging on about it . 
  listen to snp refusal to say anything about it at the moment and how much they piss off their yes supporters . 
  but yeah the eurosceptics will not stop banging on about bias . 
  mummy needs to get her big edgy boy off the internet . 
  i would note that this article is a bit flawed as it deals heavily with american muslim immigrants who have gone through a huge visa process and tend to come from different countries to europe . 
  the myths about population growth and muslamic tidal waves etc is correct . 
  i had to use bidets once . 
  i can see merit to it . 
  promise you its a huge amount cleaner using tp first then water to clean . 
  imagine washing your hair with loads of pieces of kitchen towel instead of a shower . 
  not falling for that one again . 
  this time we take the place with good weather and they get the rainy depressing one . 
  ah youve met every refugee have you ? 
  indeed . 
  i have very little sympathy for the ones gaming the system . 
  as usual its the dishonest ones getting an advantage . 
  so if you do n't like the law , you can break the law ? 
  fuck off with your inbred toddler politics . 
  precisely its what made me think as im in lidl most days for lunch . 
  you 've just made me realise that i 'm drinking a can of red bull in germany and it 's written in english . 
  thinking more i actually see a lot of stuff here in germany with ingredients in english . 
  i never think about it normally but i just realised it 's a bit strange . 
  not sure my reaction would be running around the supermarket biting beer cans in half though but i can imagine in the uk having stuff written in in another language would raise some eyebrows, 
  lobbyists work in politics and are registered ( mostly for all the flaws in these systems ) . 
  these are people lying about being real people and using sock puppets to try and lend legitimacy . 
  astroturfing in comments boards is n't the same as lobbying . 
  the conversation on the rights or wrongs of lobbying is a seperate issue but sock-puppeting propaganda is a different thing . 
  because its not when its the poetic form . 
  als is simpler to remember as its a direct form like `` as '' e.g `` as your teacher '', 
  ah so citizenship . 
  the rest of us are pretty stuck if you are n't eligible to apply for citizenship as applications are n't open because we are already eu citizens and why would we possibly want a permit ? 
  as far as i know i cant do shit a ) ive only lived here two years so cant apply for residency b ) uk is a part of the eu atm so im illegible to apply for permits . 
  might asl at my work tomoz to see if im even allowed to have a work visa as a backup but im not happy about this happening because we threw our toys out the pram . 
  how would that work ? 
  id be applying for ec residency but ive only been here two years . 
  or did they have parents etc ? 
  granted its open to idiosyncrasies but als is normally metaphorical and wie is normally a simile . 
  that was bloody useful vielen dank . 
  in fairness most germans want to speak in hoch deutsch which is tbe type youd hear on tbe news .
