   maybe that is normal but that does n't change the fact that controling the media is pretty much what hitler was about . 
  this is irrelevant to the discussion and totally ignores that trying to silence non-friendly media is just as much trying to control the media . 
  and possibly to a greater extent . 
  `` i am the truth '' is proper nutter talk . 
   i 'm not saying you support anyone , i 'm just saying that '' trump is hitler '' is a stupid accusation and try to show you that some overlapping policies or actions does n't mean someone or something is facist hitler rising again . 
  as said , not claimed , but an overlap on treating a particular arbitrary group as sub-human or out to destroy everyone was a core of mein kampf , just as it also formed the core of pol-pots regime and of the tutsis in rwanda . 
  if hitler makes you uncomfortable we can look at all of these things as well where a leader whips a large number of people up against an arbitrary group as the enemy . 
  as said if your best defence is `` yeah well ... controlling the media was pretty hitlerish and the democrats use pr in modern political campaigns where people use media '' then that is n't exactly the most compelling refutation going . 
   bannon and palin are n't racists , they have conservative views they may call them conservative views but when bannons magazine he edits ( palin meh i do n't really mean here ) is banging on about muslims as all terrorist hijabis etc then it 's hard to avoid that conclusion unfortunately . 
  if i do n't call myself a climate change denier and then deny climate change then again if the shoe fits . 
  conservative views do not necessitate race based policies that is n't what someone like hume or burke would 've advocated . 
   as for policy mainly left wing in general : - gun control - higher taxes ( going after the wealth ) - social healthcare - abortion - government worker programs - general socialist programs general `` socialist programs '' ... this is n't exactly the most rigorous list ever is it ? 
  would you call any european social democracy fascist ? 
   as for the american left wing ( dnc ) : working with the media as is proven by the leaks . 
  ... i have a news flash for you ... they all work with the media , that 's normal politics . 
  trying to bring up vague stuff about hilary ( who lost and is irrelevant ) as a refutation to what we are seeing right here and right now in front of our eyes is n't really a valid point . 
  as many silly people were saying `` oh trump does n't mean it '' . 
  except now he 's in power , this is the direction he 's going in with racial/religious based policies . 
   dnc / left wing is n't hitler or anything , that would be a stupid accusation . 
  as said i 'm not sure where you 're inferring my support for anyone it is n't important i 'm making a historical comparison here and you 're trying to refute it with `` but hilary would 've * etc * '' . 
  refute the actual parallels here or it 'll start to look like you do n't actually have any arguments outside of `` but hilary '' ( who lost , no-one gives a shit now ) . 
   the tea party is a political movement focused on more state rights and less ferderal government control , and reducing the federal debt . 
  if you compare this to nazism you can compare any political movement to nazism . 
  hence why i did n't compare it to nazism . 
  trump and his guys are in a coalition with the tea party republicans and the gop . 
  there 's a lot of overlaps between them but trump is far more subject to the whims of the republicans and their small economic govt big moral policy government than hitler was . 
  i 'm actually agreeing with you and arguing against trump as hitler if you are n't so quick to jump to bad applications of godwins law . 
   the tea party is a political movement focused on more state rights and less ferderal government control , it may well have started like that ( hell if i remember it actually started as a relatively left-wing anti-corruption movement ) but that is not the goals of the tea party now by a long way . 
  look at their patron saint sarah palin for who the tea party are . 
  they are n't for states rights , they 're only for states rights when the democrat is in charge . 
  now they 're mysteriously against california setting its own policies on immigrants for example . 
   yes , there are extreme people in this movement that think all muslims are evil , just like there are extreme people on the sides of the democrats that think all whites are evil , and all cops are bad and everything is racist . 
  yes but those extremists were never making policy at the core of the party in the way bannon and his friends are ( personally juries out for me on if trump is actually a racist or if he 's a none-pc senile old man easily led by actual ideological racists ) and did n't have access to the entirety of the us governmental machinery . 
  hell germany with the gestapo compared to the us with what could be done with the full force of the nsa turned on anyone not pro-trump is two different ball-games  if anything , left wing politicians are way more like hilter policy wise . 
  the thing that laid the groundwork for the third reich ok i 'm listening . 
  if you mean they fucked it up under weimar i do n't think anyone would disagree there . 
  their already is hige government control inbuilt to us security and intelligence apparatus he inherited . 
  and a massive core of people who do not believe anything except what trump and the mouthpieces of his administration ( breitbart ) believe . 
  this in addition to the groundwork the tea-party/post-fact wing of the republicans have done over the last decade . 
  so were missing an active youth programme ( if having indoctrinated parents isnt enough ) if anything id argue the main big difference is that hitler was the nsdap and the thought leader . 
  trump is half `` trump '' / the people behind him like bannon and half an expression of the tea party anti-rational republicans . 
  but i dont see how that changes the actions their logic forces them to if they cant back down on muslims being an evil internal enemy . 
  this is really my favourite part . 
  i doubt anyone would disagree with the statement `` there are lessons to be learnt from history '' while there are so many denying the parallels here saying `` oh well he 's not gassing or rounding up anyone so it 's completely different stop getting hysterical '' . 
  the whole concept of learning is the application of concepts e.g if i see that 2 + 2 = 4 is an application of the concept of addition the assumption that 2 + 3 probably is equal to 5 is somehow ** completely different stop calling that addition it offends the memory of 2 + 2 = 4 ** . 
  and yet when we see similar logic here people are getting outraged at the parallel and trying to shut down the argument rather than addressing the differences . 
  everyone says they like pre-crime and summary actions until they are on the receiving end of them . 
  and prejudice at the individual level is fine and normal , prejudice enshrined into the policy of a state with sovereign power is devastating rationally , economically , and morally as we see with jim crow laws , arpatheid , nazi germany , anti-irish laws etc etc. 
   `` as a jew '' does n't mean shit as the argument is bollocks . 
  if we look at history see the exact same behaviour and the exact same logic of a burden/fifth column in society that is inherently inferior to the rest of the society and then we say `` yeah but they 're not speaking german this is completely different '' then that 's just wilful blindness . 
  and then the temerity of getting faux outraged at daring to compare the two because the mass expulsions , removal of citizenship etc has n't happened yet even though it 's a clear logical outcome to the logic of muslims as a dangerous parasite to society , not just `` the terrorists '' but `` the religion '' and the middle eastern ethnicity . 
  that 's not an argument that 's just getting outraged to cover up the lack of a debunking of the arguments . 
   i doubt anybody actually believe all muslim want to kill us . 
  apart from you , you just said muslims are incompatable with western culture . 
  either you accept that people should be judged by their actions and not prejudices or you are saying that and you have to try and defend the position that all muslims think x and do y. i would n't do that with italians even though i have an image in my head of italians being lazy . 
   is that the few who are terrorist  are evidence of islam and western culture being incompatible . 
  you just highlighted the point yourself . 
  it 's as dumb as saying lazy italians make the whole of italy incompatable with modern capitalism . 
  hell italians and polish and irish have all experienced the same treatment in america as immigrants of being `` evil and out to get us all '' yadda yaddah . 
  so pick a position , do you believe in pre-crime based on someones religion/ethnic origins or do you believe in western values of not punishing people before they commit a crime ? 
  this is the point . 
  its not `` muslim '' any more than `` jews '' run the banking industry as some secret conspiracy ( the second probably being closer to being statistically true ) . 
  this jump from `` radical islam has had an upswing due to middle eastern policy '' to `` everyone muslim is trying to kill us all from baghdadi to mo farah '' is not based in reality and is purely a distraction to get low information voters whipped up . 
  the same as before . 
  i 'm surprised someone who wouldve learnt at school about how nazism went from populism heavily based on blaming arbitrary groups for problems to genocide would be so quick to dismiss real parallels versus godwins laws original meaning of using nazi as a replacement for a coherent argument . 
  those are your own `` no it is n't '' aguments laid out before you in the face of informed discussion . 
  possibly the only sensible response in the thread . 
  the_donalds brigading anyone not calling for genocide of all muslims based on an incident in a single suburb . 
  why ? 
  we used to have an extremely similar zone in london called brixton ( actually statistically a lot worse ) . 
  hell london as a whole used to be a bit of a shit-hole . 
  it still has a lot of immigrants but the proper `` go here and you will get stabbed '' criminal elements and gangs are way reduced now , and all without the need for declaring a pre-crime of being black . 
  i thought britain was really safe , but i keep reading these reports from birmingham and it 's got incredible amounts of gun crime !, 
   i could link a million more credible sources . 
  this is the problem though you 're just posting a fecking million spammy sources from a country where anyone muslim picking their nose gets spammed into sensationalism because it fits a narrative . 
  we 've seen this before with polish people in the uk and if you were arguing this same point then you 'd probably be spamming this stuff [ ` polish borat ' claims groping women is normal in eastern europe ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-415128/polish-borat-claims-groping-women-normal-eastern-europe.html ) [ east european influx ` could trigger race riots in villages ' ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-460421/east-european-influx-trigger-race-riots-villages.html ) [ foreigners commit 20 per cent of crime in london , say police ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-475299/foreigners-commit-20-cent-crime-london-say-police.html ) [ polish immigrant who broke into a woman 's home and brutally raped her as he filmed the attacks on his mobile phone has been jailed for 13 years ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3774733/polish-immigrant-broke-woman-s-home-brutally-raped-filmed-attacks-mobile-phone-jailed-13-years.html ) [ uk police ` tried to keep polish rapist 's identity a secret in case he was attacked by vigilantes due to tensions between locals and immigrants ' ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3564871/uk-police-tried-polish-rapist-s-identity-secret-case-attacked-vigilantes-tensions-locals-immigrants.html ) aww mate there 's a fucking polish sex crime wave in the uk !? 
  why the fuck are we letting in these animals and the police are keeping it quiet !? 
  they 're filming it on their phones !!, 
  why are you ignoring this clear and obvious evidence of polish depravity ?!, 
  and yet in the actual stats ... [ crime actually went down pretty consistently the whole time even since polish migration really picked up in the early 2000s ] ( https://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/guardian/pix/maps_and_graphs/2010/7/15/1279213307629/crime-statistics-graphic-006.jpg ) _________________ as said the bit that 's fucking disgusting when people like you are spamming all this copypasta shit is i 've seen this before when i was a kid and everyone was being scared of polish people by our right wing press creating big dramas over any incident involving their `` favourite '' minority of the moment and then mainstream media aping it . 
  this muslim stuff will pass and then you 'll be back again next scary minority everyone gets whipped up about ( croatians perhaps ? 
  filthy crotes sounds like somthing someone racist will come up with ) . 
  tl : dr you can find plenty of scare stories about any particular group you want if you want to dig for them . 
  what 's even worse is people like you who get whipped up are the ones who make it a racial issue and not a crime issue . 
  then we get the whole problem of police having to consider this factor or have the local nutter go shoot up a mosque or whatever . 
  no-one is saying let the people who commit crimes go , but lets just wait till we actually have someone convicted of a crime before we have evidence , or find some evidence of crimes being covered up and not investigated . 
  e.g your facebook videotape was reported to the police immediately and is being investigated and was reported on national news . 
  not exactly a cover up there is it ? 
  oh man you are just adorable can we keep him !? 
   i live in europe by the way yeah as do most rich chinese and japanese people who all send their kids to europe if they have the chance . 
  because it 's not a freaking dystopia brought to life . 
  hell pretty much everyone with a choice moves to europe . 
  there 's a reason for that kind of complete and utter cultural superiority . 
  hell look at depression and suicide stats ( if the government even gives a fuck about their own people enough to bother keeping them ) then look at the shutins in japan , china , korea etc to show that education apparently skips out the consequences of the dehumanisation of the person . 
  hell even the us does better than that . 
  edit : lol butthurt pm  [ -- ] from lust_the_lascivious sent just now looooooooooooooooooolllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll also , rich asians choose us . 
  and european unis are fall out of the top 100 . 
  and your culture is not superior you racist bastard :') if you like your superior culture so much then take the obvious action and stop bellyaching on reddit  actually no do bellyache on reddit because you are free to do that in the place that you live . 
  but do n't expect everyone not to laugh at you . 
  edit : and another one  [ -- ] from lust_the_lascivious sent just now  i never said my culture was superior .
