  and they 're still going to be angry and blaming the eu for everything after it happens anyway . 
  they created this situation and may could stop it tommorow if she stopped going for full-retard brexit . 
   uhh , it does matter . 
  the snp only have a mandate for a referendum because of fptp . 
  as did the conservatives in the uk . 
  does n't make a difference they won and the consequences are here . 
  and the consequences of the conservatives party politics gaming and their sucking up to hard brexiters and the angry squad is that scotland now wants another independence referendum . 
  `` yes but r speshul becuz we r englund n da gurmans hv to sell us cars '' * repeat ad infinitum even after german car companies have repeatedly said that is n't the case , blame eu maliciousness when it does n't happen and claim everyones being a bully *, 
  except we left the eu , and we 're doing it in the most full-retard way possible just to keep immigration obsessives happy ( and they 're not even going to be happy anyway as immigration is n't going down ) . 
  they ( mays government ) could stop this tommorow by saying `` ok we 'll go for single market access and make a compromise that pleases more people than the subset of leave voters who want a hard immigration obsessed brexit '' . 
  that 20 % will be angry but they 're always angry anyway and they 'll still be angry after a hard brexit ( they 're already blaming the eu for things going wrong even though they 're leaving ) . 
   which is exactly what you can say to the scottish nationalists this is the problem , no-one who argued for brexit can say anything to scottish nationalists now . 
  so it 's pretty much gordon brown and ruth davidson left to argue the case which will be even harder than last time as no-one followed through on the begging promises made at the end of the last ref and we 're leaving the eu . 
  because this is n't a game of risk and it does n't work like this , countries and cities which create favourable conditions will have more companies wanting to move there . 
  your point of `` ireland will take everything '' is n't realistic as it depends on what happens in ireland after brexit , how much business france and germany take which depends on their business investment actions etc. 
  it 's as much of a non-conversation as which team will win the football this year . 
  as said scotland can be part of the single market which means it will be open to all of the business and capital flowing around the eu and all the rights and protections that the eu gurantees , or it wo n't and it will be stuck with the uk giving handjobs to trump and trying to replace the decrease in european trade with african countries . 
  and as said they did n't agree to it even when the lies about how everything would be great and everyone would be queueing up to give us special deals were going around as common currency , now that that has been debunked as a load of balls that 's hardly going to improve things . 
  especially when westminsters response has been `` fuck you '' to them ( and everyone else in the country who does n't want hard brexit , including the people who voted to leave who also thought we 'd still be in the singlemarket/have the same rights . 
  hence why i say it is entirely the fault of hard brexiters and nationalists/immigration obsessives . 
  i 'm sorry what 's your point here ? 
  you 're off on a complete tangent . 
  make an actual point here or refute the initial points . 
  at best if 100 % of all sikhs in the uk voted for brexit ( which you have n't sourced ) that is about 400-600 ,000 votes [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sikhism_in_the_united_kingdom ), 
  good luck explaining to someone voting to leave that the ( highly complex and politically involved agreement with a lot of back-story that you 've distorted ) means that what is happening right now is n't happening and they are n't being dragged out of a union that 's clearly important to a lot of them against their will to appease a vocal minority of immigration obsessives who will only accept hard brexit for the sakes of tory politicking . 
   i have a feeling you just do n't want to answer the question ... 
  i do n't need to , as said `` country with single market access '' versus `` country without single market access '' . 
  you 're the one tying yourself in loops trying to deny that that 'll make a difference . 
  because there is n't really another word for describing people who think that every other country in the eu is going to agree to shoot themselves in the face economically to give the uk an amazing deal or that the likelihood of replacing 40 % of our trade with trade with africa is going to happen . 
  omg birmingham voted brexit , therefore the well known inverse correlation between number of immigrants and brexit votes does n't exist, 
   but i think you ignored the point that as ` one country ' we go by majority rule on most issues . 
  and as said now this is not acceptable to a large portion of the country ( not just scottish people mind ) you can scream at them about majority rule all you want but we promised them equal partnership after the last referendum and then not only did they not deliver on it but then they got shat on again with brexit and then shat on again with the rush for hard brexit which will mean them paying for the immigration freakouts of daily mail readers and various delusionals in rural areas in the uk . 
  look at the grievances of brexiters and then imagine they had actual evidence for it . 
  as as said for scotland to stay we 're going to have to do a lot more than say `` there 's more of us so you just have to shut up and take it '' . 
   i understand you 're on quite a good brexit moan right yep anyone pointing out realities is moaning . 
  pull the other one mate . 
  if you 're denying the influence of english nationalism in the way that `` england r bigger everywun else has 2 shut up '' then you 're as delusional as the people who genuinely do n't understand why this is n't just sturgeon being a dick . 
  this is n't coming from a vacuum . 
  no it was just `` they ca n't do anything '' when they 're the same country economically but one is going to have guranteed better economic access long term while the other is labouring that we 're going to replace unbridled access to the worlds strongest consumer market with trade deals with africa , smaller markets like australia/canada and maybe some sugar daddying from the us while trump is in charge . 
  you 're kind of spamming questions here rather than saying anything but as i 'm on lunch break . 
   so you believe in proportional representation ? 
  anything but fptp  then why do you not understand that england has the majority of the uks populations . 
  as said though we made a big show of being equal partners when the scottish threatened to leave last time . 
  we ( well the conservatives ) could 've honoured that but instead the tories have gone `` haha you did n't leave so fuck everything you say '' . 
  absolutely 100 % gurantee that screaming `` england is bigger so we get to do anything we want ! '', 
  at scottish people is n't going to be a vote winner . 
   scotlands immigration numbers are half what england hasp that 's kinda irrelevant . 
  brexit voting areas have the least immigrants as well but that does n't stop them having a freak out . 
  as said the feeling from scottish friends is that they 're getting fucked over economically to make daily mail readers happy , and that is kind of hard to argue against when not only did we get our brexit but it was also railroaded into a hard brexit purely to appease ukip voters and stop them leaving . 
  this is politial maneuvering not good governance and they deserve to be punished for it if i 'm honest . 
   what is different about being a scot to an english person ? 
  and finally . 
  the scottish deficit will become a huge problem . 
  what will be done ? 
  there is no difference , but politically they have a different culture for many reasons scotland politically is n't governed by the daily mail . 
  as said i hate this as a british person but you have to understand the other side to actually do anything and just screaming at people that their concerns do n't exist is n't the same . 
  because england is going to deal with the same issue with the same starting situation , no light at the end of the tunnel of a single market and at best a small porportion of market access replaced by the us ( for likely as long as someone who feels like being our sugar daddy is in charge ) . 
  if you 're a big enough company that the government gives you handjobs to stay like google or nissan then you 'll be fine but it 's the small smes that make the difference if hard brexit really turns out as retarded as it 's on course to be . 
   then again it was fptp that gave the snp all those seats yeah but they 're still campaigning for voting reform . 
   well that 's fptp for you . 
  i did n't vote the tories either but even if it was a labour government people would still complain that 's a two party cartel for you , this is n't going to get better in the uk that only people in swing constituencies and daily mail readers get represented in government . 
  that 's creating this situation that they took that power and used it to shit on everyone else and this is the result . 
  even now the uk govt can say tomoz `` no we wo n't go full retard brexit '' and this problem goes away . 
   the same can be said of the eu - uk no it ca n't we had absolutely every special advantage in the world short of everyone actively giving us money to stay . 
  because it 's the english nationalists who believe england gets to say everything and everyone else has to jump \u00b4 because they 're just conquered territories . 
  they had the option after the referendum to say `` ok we 're leaving the eu , but we are going to do this in the interests of everyone and not just the immigration obsessives . 
  instead they went around shouting down anyone with any input on brexit that was n't full-retard brexit and screaming at scottish people that their votes do n't count even for compromise . 
  all they had to do was make some concessions but the conservatives are so under the control of hard brexiters and english nationalists that they could n't do that . 
  if i was scottish not english i 'd be voting to leave too by now having seen how they got treated , they lost the first independence referendum and that 's been taken as a cue to rub that in their faces and pretend like they did n't only win because of the eu and that the grievances have not been dispelled . 
   explain this please ? 
  how do the english do this ? 
  as said english nationalists and hard brexiters , not the same . 
   do you honestly think you 'll get better representation in the eu ( provided you 're allowed in ) than within the uk ? 
  the eu does n't legislate or control nearly as much as westminster does outside of brexiters delusions and they apparently are n't freaked out about that as much as rural english people are whether due to being better informed or not being as freaked out by the idea of co-operation . 
   the snp utterly dominate scotlands portion of westminster . 
  because they win elections , what 's the issue ? 
  conservatives absolutely dominate westminster , and govern the uk in the interests of the south east and tory swing states . 
  the huge numbers of us english who are n't tory voters also get ignored and that 's happening now as a non-hypothetical . 
  taking all of the companies currently in england that need single market access . 
  people like me with skills and education will apply for citizenship . 
  they 'll be overwhelmingly creaming off the productive parts of the uk . 
  meanwhile you ca n't even rebut the 0 benefits of brexit for anyone who is n't a lifelong brexit/immigration obsessive . 
  people like you created this situation it 's your own fault . 
  not even remain , the rush for hard brexit and the obsession with appeasing a segment of brexit voters who are obsessed with immigrants over everything is what did this . 
  britnats and brexit obsessives caused this . 
  a leave arrangement with a soft brexit would 've left everyone not unhappy but survivably so , the blame lies entirely with them gifting sturgeon this situation . 
  look forward to two years of brexit arguments being copied and pasted . 
  well fuck remain voters in england as well . 
  plus all the people who wanted more money for the nhs and were n't just in it for some empire fantasy . 
  we have absolutely 0 benefits from brexit coming , nada , they 've all evaporated into the mist of delusion and this is just a charge by hard brexit ideologues to push it through before too many people realise this is bollocks . 
  do n't be so bitter , the only people who are actually destroying the uk are the english nationalists and hard brexiters who are creating this situation where sturgeon has this opportunity + it actually looks feasible for them to win . 
  that would n't be so if they had n't been such dickbags and compromised even the tiniest of amounts . 
  ^ ^ pretty much sums it up , brexiter sections of england calling everyone else dumb while rolling around in their own shit . 
  it wasn ' even brexit though . 
  brexit is the iceing on the cake here but scotland is treated like shit by the conservatives and like a giant safe seat/vote factory by labour for years . 
  even if labour had won and we 'd stayed in the eu scotland still would n't have a real voice . 
  it 's just that english nationalists and hard brexiters are making it nice and clear now for someone like sturgeon to take advantage of it . 
  the blame lies squarely on the delusional nationalist wing of english politics when even i 'd probably vote to leave if i was scottish . 
  why would they not say something when uk govt is given money to do something and doesnt do it ? 
  well it 's also been what worked for pretty much every single government globally after the recession and what did n't work for almost every government was extended austerity .
