  even if youre honest enough to say you dont give a fuck morally . 
  i 'm not too hot on what he says for local approval versus what he thinks but it seems quite undeniable that the character of turkey/why it made the news changed in my lifetime since about 2004 or so . 
  the aforementioned families i mention have brought up in conversation as a reason they moved so it seems to be significant enough to have at least driven some abroad . 
  `` huge majority '' sources ? 
  sound 's a bit like `` it 's common knowledge '' especially as its being used to cast a sweeping judgement on all turks ability to integrate in the first place which is what i 'm criticising here . 
  the fact that an undetermined amount of people vote whoever and live and integrate fine in a country makes no judgement of a country anymore it does if some people vote a neo-nazi party in the uk that makes all british people nazis . 
  apparently all concepts of western debate and fallacial arguments get thrown out the window when it comes to people we do n't like . 
  so what youre saying is the answer is possibly more complicated than everyone in turkey loves erdogan and is a member of isis ? 
  and only a gullible moron would think `` lol '' is some sort of serious argument about a history of turkish integration in germany ? 
  im a bit confused . 
  i live in germany myself and thats what i said too . 
  be\u00e4mter are extremely rude and arrogant for people who cant function in real jobs . 
  how do you mean ? 
  if it 's any consolation hopefully with a million more asylum seekers perhaps they 'll be able to staff the \u00e4mte for more than 34 seconds a week in the future with some people who are n't lazy and entitled . 
  helpful remark there , meanwhile turkey ( not erdogan ) has a history of secular islamic society under ataturk and a lot of them are very well integrated into germany owning shops contributing to the country etc ( i also actually teach a few turkish kids english in my spare time in germany ) . 
  and your super perceptive answer just blew it all away . 
  wow . 
  no need for me to look at stats after that whithering piece of rhetoric . 
  what country are you from that all these smart-pants ' come from ? 
  yeah just like when the us is the one taking action in haiti after an earthquake they are therefore the only ones responsible for providing aid . 
  actually that 's a shitty example because that was just about common decency . 
  this example is about common decency and international law . 
  we all get fucked off about our imaginations of immigrants not understanding the rule of law nad putting religion first , except when it applies to us as treaty signatories and we want to put ourselves first . 
  that 's not sjw-tumblrina crap that 's a bedrock of western society they 're the ones being responsible and following the law and processing immigrants and dealing with the illegal ones . 
  hell even fucking turkey under erdogan is dealing with this situation incredibly and we 're flipping our shit over dealing with a possible fraction of what 's already in turkey . 
   you have to keep going with bureaucratic nightmare of : collect this paper , wake up at 5:00 am because there is a huge line in front of the office , oops we are only open three days a week so wake up at 5:00 am tomorrow again , oh you came late we only work 4 hours a day come again tomorrow , etc. 
  line is so long people just sit on the corridor floor while german officials pass giving you weird looks . 
  you feel like a refugee among all other non-eu people around you . 
  that 's like an initiation to living in germany , i feel the pain of this . 
  and then the bureaucrats wonder why they 're so backlogged with appointments in berlin ( up to two months or so i believe atm ) when they 're only open 3 days a week for 4 hours and take 10 minutes per person to stamp an anmeldung form ( and that 's all only to register yourself at an apartment ) . 
  mummys basement warriors more like . 
  as you say absolutely hilarious hear people who have n't even briefly served let alone held a firearm most likely thinking they 're fucking rambo . 
  classic internet bullshit syndrome . 
  as said i was n't there and neither am i a russian tactician , but america has definitely not dealt with much similar in terms of scale to 30-40 or so heavily armed men in such a precarious situation where hostages are definitely going to die . 
  waco i guess is about as close as i can guess and that also featured heavy weapons + tanks and also finished pretty badly ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/waco_siege ) . 
  i do n't disagree with you that from what i hear it sounds pretty damn imcompetentent but i 'm really hesitant to put malice from above as a higher cause than incompetence on the ground without some sort of evidence . 
  i 'm sorry but this side of it also has about as much evidence as 9/11 truthers . 
  it is ? 
  christ all i remember was millions of people being shocked and appaled and sending sympathy for a shitload of dead children . 
  but hey historical revisionism is the local past-time in putins world is n't it ? 
  you seem to have a very short memory if you remember that whole thing with the huge protests prompted by them arresting kids for grafiti-ing anti-assad graffiti that finished in him and various thugs machine gunning thousands of peaceful protestors killing all the moderates and flaring the whole thing up creating the chaos that allowed isis to grow . 
  and as said they 're limited . 
  if a two room apartment 's all they 've got that 'll fit a family then they 're going to put a family in it , dutch or zanzibarian if they have access to the social system . 
  the problem is lack of social housing and lack of controls on immigration . 
  it 's extremely unlikely you 're eliminated because you are n't an immigrant and far more likely because you 're most likely younger , more likely to have support networks in holland , are capable of working and do n't have children . 
  you first mate , tell me which one would you go for ? 
  the violent orwellian regime who arrest anyone who disagrees and beats them to death in prison or the religious decapitating nutters who burn people to death in cages ? 
  most of the people ( even shockingly enough the men ) who are fleeing are fleeing because they do n't give a fuck about their little powerplays and want to leave and do other shit and just be left alone by the loonies . 
  i 'm all for controlling it and ensuring strong integration into societies but lets not pull this deserter crap which almost sounds like we wish they were fighting for isis . 
  what good old days though ? 
  high unemployment and heroin addicts everywhere and shitty kneipe bars ? 
  it 's probably at a peak right now as there 's still a choice between living a cheap existence and living quite a nice life and eating at nice places that are still affordable once in a while on a low salary . 
  i can get a kebab for 1,50 $ round the corner from me or go to a genuinely nice `` fancy '' restaurant for 20 $ all within 1km of where i live . 
  indeed , relative to pay for work it 's a whole other world even living in `` super-gentrified '' neuk\u00f6lln ( like you say it varies ) . 
  the fact i can have a 60 sqm flat for myself for less ( both in absolute terms and as % of salary ) than a 3x3 sqm room in london with no lounge and a shared kitchen with three people says a bunch about why i 'm here still . 
  not to mention that to afford that in london you 'll still struggle to afford said flat and be able to actually go and do anything . 
  should isnt the same as is unfortunately, 
   but hey , if you 're from the eu you can just get a minijob for a few hours per week and let the state pay your flat ( once they pay , just get fired if you 're thinking of doing this in berlin . 
  fuck the fuck off seriously . 
  state support is needed for the not small number of unemploymed , low paid , and with mental issues not for middle class kids and trustafarian stoners looking for a fucking jolly . 
  as an immigrant who moved to berlin and works pays my taxes and helps out , kick yourself in the balls for even thinking of this fucking party wasters . 
  the one thing that is n't needed in berlin is more `` omfg 1,50 kebabs lets go get drunk on cheap beer and piss everywhere party kids . 
  90 % of `` hipsters '' here live here and work , i personally stay here because i can work honestly and live a decent lifestyle and have fun on an honest job that is n't fucking other people ( see finance and/or corporate law ) . 
  not to sponge off the state and be a cunt . 
  the amount this sub goes on about asylum seekers taking houses and cheating the system you 'd think the idea of defrauding government social help might be slightly taboo . 
  do you actually need an entire house though just for yourself ? 
  i do n't know a lot about the dutch system but the general concept is this is the state helping you along with immigrants and there is only one finite `` pool '' of houses for them to draw on that needs to be utilised as efficiently as possible in terms of housing numbers of people and avoiding the problems that large scales of homeless people bring . 
  well indeed . 
  i just happened to have a basic knowledge as a german friend had it happen but from a letting agency anf he won and was able to stay . 
  my impression from more knowledgable people than me though is this is pretty uncharted waters for a government authority to do this and not private owners etc. 
  you have much much stronger rights as a tenant in germany so on gut feel im a bit sceptical that theyd win if it goes to court but i may be wrong . 
  i am aware of moving costs ( and you 're correct i live in berlin ) but i dont know anything about what they are when it comes to wbs or social housing type contexts . 
  id personally agree on the city having a vote . 
  but i do get that if some mayor has pressure from above theyre probably not going to be acting rationally . 
  i think it was a dumb decision on their part but im more concerned at people fear mongering and saying everyones going to be booted onto the streets privately renting or not . 
  it actually notes it in the article . 
  but basically this is being done through something called `` eigenbedarf '' where the owner ( aka eigenturmer ) of a flat declares they need the flat for themselves from a person who is renting the flat . 
  worth noting this will probably be a fairly protracted legal battle as well as this is relatively new so most likely it 'll take longer and there 'll be other cases as mentioned . 
  do they definitely ? 
  because this is a pretty common myth in the uk that immigrants get first priority when actually a lot of the time it 's because families get first priority . 
  also worth noting it 's doubtful that you 're competing with refugees for housing they ca n't work so they ca n't afford to pay rent in the private markets like most people do . 
  hence why they 're normally in camps or social housing . 
  of course it 's a bad thing but have some perspective . 
  she has been inconvenienced at best and a lot of the fact she 's moaning is because she has a dog so less people will rent to her . 
  just to re-emphasise though this is n't her flat this is the governments flat . 
  they are allowed to prioritise a family for a family sized flat over a single woman living in a huge flat . 
  worth noting as well she also has a right of appeal in court that she will win if her case is good ( and seeing as the bulk of the facts are n't clear it might well be ) . 
   imagine young couples searching for a house desperately . 
  yep cant find any at all ofcourse . 
  yeah the emotive language is n't really going to work . 
  especially as i 'm not even sure you 've ever even been to germany or have any understanding of what you 're talking about . 
  `` natives '' i particularly love it sound 's very much like a dog whistle nowadays on this sub-reddit . 
  as an english person living in germany i never hear about english or australian etc people taking housing from `` the natives '' . 
  you seem to be convinced the german authorities are rubbing their hands together with glee at the thought of making everyone german homeless on a mass scale or something . 
  this is a problem that has to be dealt with at the moment . 
  personally i think more preventative measures need to be taken in turkey and syria etc but hysterical language and distortions just makes the whole of people who criticise excessive immigration sound silly . 
  indeed see our apprentice system and our living wage that are nothing of the sort . 
  because it was social housing she had about a year of notice and was living in a family sized apartment on her own . 
  it was also recognised as a poor move by this mayor and isnt a wider policy . 
  the scaremongering and lies completely overshadow the rational arguments for controlling immigration .
