  a car is also just some wheels and an engine but we do n't go around claiming a reliant robin is the same as a porsche 911 . 
  beer again is just some wheat shoved together and fermented but again but no-one goes around claiming that heineken is an acceptable beer . 
  argentina will be absolutely furious that mexico are the ones who finally get accepted as europeans . 
  and i am totally in favour of that . 
  i thought tex mex was the word for the american versions of mexican food lol, 
  if im honest i think were going to personal opinions and tolerances now but i always found food in mexico hot but not sadistic ( well ok a couole of things were ) it feels very natural and part of the flavour like when stuff is cooked in chipotle or adobo or similar . 
  its definitely hotter than what i tried in america but something like buffalo wings or tex mex type stuff it was a lot more noticeable and intense as your lips would burn and the heat was put in seperately rather than cooked in as a base flavour . 
  hence id compare mexican food to indian food as well as it doesnt really evolve around eating whats basically crushed chili seeds in quite the same way . 
  both nice but im not really so impressed by sadistic amounts of chili anymore having lived with some loonies at university . 
  and most mexican or american food is n't that spicy if you do n't order something hot either . 
  as said the point is that there is n't any particular bland-ness in what food people actually eat in the uk compared to other countries where food is n't as diversified . 
  yeah i realised that was n't specific , nyc and ct is closer . 
  yeah i had some great food there especially in nyc obviously . 
  i was around new england , had this great place called wings over ( not exactly authentic buffalo i guess ) but i must have had buffalo wings and buffalo wing flavoured rwaps twice a week for a year . 
  it was not a healthy time of my life . 
  that 's probably because they ate that horrible ranch dressing everyone always insists on serving with buffalo wings . 
  :p . and now you have me thinking about how much i loved buffalo wings while on exchange :(, 
  it is good i live in berlin , but not the same league of classiness as something that 's not made from ground up pig anuses . 
  and do n't make me bring up who 's soldiers gave them the curry powder for those currywursts . 
  i think they do yeah . 
  i was slagging off cabbage but i 've gone native in germany and have a jar of red cabbage in my fridge . 
  i 'd love to hear an expert climate scientists opinion on what happens to the environment when we block the gulf-stream running up to the arctic with mexico . 
  our favourite foods are curry and nandos . 
  i 'm sure we 'll be fine, 
  our troops gave them that curry powder we could claim that and the currywurst as british too and this is how we 're repaid !, 
  we 're well known for our excellent command of spanish so we 'll fit right in in central america . 
  and we 're a nation of people that eat curries , mexican and nandos so we 'll fit in in cuisine terms . 
  oh for gods sake we 're getting shit for our food off the germans lol . 
  it 's the same damn food with more dumplings and cabbage , no roast beef , no pie , and no claim to inventing lasagne :p sch\u00e4ferle / schweinhaxe is just a poor mans version of roast pork and crackling . 
  out of curiosity could someone eli5 what is actually happening with db in specific ? 
  there 's a lot of generalities on how many hedges and derviatives it holds but not anything specific as to why db is about to go down and not anyone else ? 
   i 've got a source for you * links bruges group * ... lol . 
  the problem would be for the eu there though . 
  for the uk its great as you get an open border with no bureaucracy if you just send goods into gibraltar first and with none of the membership obligations . 
  as said for the eu i cant see them agreeing to any deal like that unless some of my facts on gib are wrong . 
  you need to learn english if you cant understand a simple sentence or what `` esque '' means you have no business insulting people when you can not contribute anything outside of downvotes and matey `` top bantz ladz '' level language . 
  these are well documented facts and ive shown you a picture of the voting slip to counter your claim that its my opinion . 
  youre trumping really hard right now if youre trying to go back on saying that . 
  you 're dismissing people as dumb without saying anything yourself . 
  that does n't substitute for actually having a point . 
   pure opinion , please do n't mistake partisan drivel for facts . 
  it makes you one of those `` uninformed plebs '' you rail against so apparently the nature of the question is purely a matter for `` opinion '' . 
  complete trump-esque post-fact drivel . 
  calling me mad when i 'm citing sources and yourself is n't changing anything when you 've not advanced any argument of your own other than `` nuh uh '' . 
  you 're denying the referendum question even when linked a picture of the voting slip . 
  you 're denying it when i say that boris johnson wilfully misled people . 
  and rather than disproving it youre then just casting aspersions that i 'm somehow mad or uninformed . 
  both of which are incorrect . 
  you can downvote away but does n't change anything . 
  [ just a reminder of the question on the slip as you seem to be uninformed ] ( http://media.npr.org/assets/img/2016/06/07/gettyimages-537566174-436adc822be36fa89b27e9e7ef03643027000a1c-s900-c85.jpg ) and you can deny it till you 're blue in the face but there is a link between the single market and freedom of movement . 
  boris johnson was fact checked for it in the referendum and he is now getting slapped down repeatedly for still trying to say picking and mixing is possible . 
  you can yell uninformed all you want but if you ca n't give a source or any counter-argument then you 're just blustering . 
  how is stating facts biased ? 
  im saying youre refusing to address facts so just calling everyone butthurt is a substitution for actually contributing anything . 
  the referendum was leaving the eu , not should we let a load of angry people who dont understand anything hijack our government . 
  boris johnson did lie , he lied on single market access with freedom of movement , 350m for the nhs , he lied about believing in brexit , and many other things . 
  could say the same about you and in this case it would actually be true . 
  they registered an opinion to leave and were repeatedly told it would be consequence free by a duplicitious traitor . 
  noone voted to fuck ourselves in the ass . 
  i imagine its theresa may trying to humiliate him for fun . 
  `` lol now smear lipstick on your face and run around westminster yelling that you love junck in the trunk '', 
  he still seems to think we 're 100 % in control of the eu . 
  even after campaigning on how little power we have . 
  and he was saying erdogan was a goat fucker in poetry mot even 4 months ago . 
  surely they wont hace forgotten ? 
  tourist visas have nothing to do with the complex arrangements that allow freedom to work and pension sharing etc. 
  it 's fair enough , in international relations i 'm a realist ideologically . 
  i do n't think that china is a major geopolitical opponent as you say because the us would overwhelmingly win a war against china . 
  now i agree they 're really trying to put themselves in a position where they could oppose the us , but they are n't they 're outspent by ridiculous amounts and tactically they 're completely fucked . 
  as opposed to `` the us would flatten this country within a matter of minutes '' . 
  i can agree `` europe '' ca n't do this but it does n't really matter when the uk or france could both destroy chinas important areas within minutes with a real threat militarily . 
  ach so , was thrown off by the flag lol . 
  i 'm still a brit by birth and germans not my native tongue i 've only lived here a couple of years . 
  possibly i 'd have to do more research that sounds credible though . 
  all the gambling companies et all based in gib have been very quiet though so it seems something works for them there whatever it is . 
  no expert on gibraltar but i doubt the eu would agree to it if they 're still a uk territory , same problem as ireland that it becomes a back door into the eu if gib has an open border and gib has an open border with the uk . 
  likewise single-market stuff all a london company has to do is open an office in gibraltar and they 're in single market again . 
  [ possibly the only funny thing to do with denmark in history ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-moy8vuebk ), 
  as a brit watching my country go full retard trying to take back sovereignty from the eu and make trade deals without understanding what , trade deal , eu , or sovereignty actually means i 'd say it 's much more like that video i saw where a zebra gets attacked by a crocodile and it 's intestines are hanging out everywhere when it runs away , and then it tries to eat it 's own intestines because it does n't have a clue that the intestines are a part of itself or why it wo n't improve it 's situation to not be ripping out its own guts.that 's kind of what this is like . 
  i was waiting for someone welsh to come in . 
  it 's not clear but it 's two seperate sketches . 
  with the same characters . 
  you remember how in the campaign brexiters were saying `` we can not make trade deals independently of the eu , we must act as a bloc '' ? 
  because that is one of the few things they said that are true . 
  `` shut up get over it , remaniancs stop moaning !, 
  this is a democracy stop thinking at this point !, 
  stop taking the piss out of us we 're super serial !, 
  german cars ! '', 
  incoming . 
  ca n't see anyway they are n't fucked here if i 'm honest . 
  they stay with uk and deal with the bureaucratic barriers , they get absorbed into spain and have to deal with spains system and all the problems that brings . 
  or they try and get independence from the uk and spain and have to deal with all the uncertainty that brings and pretty much whatever the eu wants . 
  this was a really smart move i 'm glad we made it . 
  lol like anyone from north of london has a computer . 
  this guys a big fat phoney !, 
  pretty much . 
  a lot of people seem to think that germany is solely run by and only in the interests of car-makers and therefore we can just threaten to put tarrifs on their cars and get unlimited amounts of special treatment from germany and ridiculous exemptions that would be suicidal for germany and the eu project as a whole that they 're a beneficiary of . 
  because no-one else in the eu has a veto on any uk deal and the germans have 0 other interests than selling audis . 
  rather than explain these complexities it 's much easier to shorten it down to `` german cars ! '', 
  to highlight the siliness .
