  of course got ta get that sweet karma and muslims are the jews of the 21st century now so all logic and reality can go out of the window in the rush for a hate group to blame for everything . 
  christ the idea of selling kids for organ removal is like something out of a horror film . 
  lol second reply before it 's blamed on muslims . 
  had n't even finished thinking `` i wonder when someone will blame it on muslims '' even better than i expected . 
  pull the other one mate . 
  have you met the queen ? 
  definitions of the british isles versus uk/britain is to pedantic people what fish blood is to sharks, 
   `` kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 '' is that video really that well known ? 
  damn i thought i was cool, 
  do n't recall a lot of fires set by refugee jews in the uk or any problems with ghettos or sexual assault ( especially not in the long-term persistent way the uk and france have had ) . 
  i agree that there was also a lot of prejudice against jews then as now . 
  but the fact that the perpetrators of this wo n't be punished or deported a ) sends a signal that it 's all ok to others who are going to act like dickheads b ) hardens attitudes from the rest of society making it even harder for the majority playing by the rules to integrate . 
  at airports as in ? 
  not heard this before any more info ? 
  welcome to the world of prejudice :p nah i jk i get that i normally refer to the baltic seperately to ee . 
  however the trend of too many educated people moving abroad due to a lack of opportunities at home for them at the advanced level . 
  id say is a common thread . 
  indeed . 
  this is why lack of enforcement is the issue . 
  i dont see how visas stop that problem that if you just pay an amount of money to get one . 
  * whoosh * ( hint the flag of the country im referring to also has stars on it ), 
  indeed hence why i think this is kind of a disingenuous threat . 
  yes and people from liverpool have a higher tendency to violence and crime than the rest of the uk . 
  might as well pre-emptively arrest them all . 
  as you say you ca n't deny tendencies ... / s this attitude irritates me because i can actually agree with a lot of conservatives that there is a problem . 
  but the solution is actually enforcing the rules and deporting people who clearly are n't interested in following them . 
  i think we have a commonality that i dont see why we should be extending a protection of kindness and tolerance when people clearly dont want to extend it to other people . 
  e.g a three strikes rule for violent crime which results in a deportation with no recourse to human rights as a consistent pattern of non-respect is displayed with actual evidence rather than based on prejudice . 
  hell apply it to all groups in the country including citizens in my opinion ( ok its impractical at that extent but its a thought ) the blocker for me is any solution based on prejudice of muslims or any group a ) simplistic collective punishment b ) very hard to define ( wheres the line drawn ? 
  parents ? 
  country ? 
  c ) many will just say they arent muslim just like many claimed to be syrian/gay whatever to meet fasttracking conditions . 
  d ) youre really going to apply this to everyone who very clearly has integrated in every way shape and form ? 
  obviously if its a non 100 % who are not integrated then that implies an amount who are ? 
  tl : dr judge people on their actions and make sure they actually have consequences . 
   the idea of a centralized supergovernment , with a forced `` common culture '' ( read european values , which half the european nations do n't even subscribe to ) is going to bring you people nothing but oppression and death at the end of your euroexperiment yes the idea of a bunch of countries with different cultures ccoming together under a federal government with a common constitution with shared values is too preposterous to even think of . 
  i cant name a single country thats happened in ... 
  its almost like theyre trying to make themselves politically unviable . 
  i really have a high tolerance for an organisation doing a lot of complicated stuff with lots of different sides yelling at each other . 
  but this refusal to really take a look at ttip even when opposition is spreading outside of politocs geeks is just a completely removable issue from a plate spinning act that includes , greece , illegal migration problems mixed with a refugee crisis , a possible brit exit , low general growth . 
  all of these issues are things that a lot of people are pissed about . 
  this issue they just remove isds and 90 % of opposition dissapears . 
  or just nope out as it wont pass any referendums and both ireland and the uk will have to have one at least . 
  its perfectly removable problem politically, 
  visa free access doesnt mean we stop checking the passports and controlling who is coming in surely ? 
  i do agree with the rest of it though . 
  if the eu isnt going to enforce its rules and expel people who dont want to follow the law then it is pretty much useless and a hindrance to the work of states . 
  its their decision on if they will take their job seriously or not . 
  diasporan is an interesting word . 
  playing up to my bug bear that im an immigrant and get called an expat in germany but someone doing the same thing from poland gets called immigrant . 
  nope nope nope they all think the same and act as a single consciousness . 
  from sadiq khan to mike tyson to ahmed the sexist goat-fucker . 
  once you read the quran all environmental factors dissapear . 
  well they are actually . 
  a prosecution decision is reviewed really extensively for viability which granted is the discretion of the prosecutor but this is together with seniors and any expert witnesses , and all of that happes in the context of guidelines that are used that set policy ( e.g `` she was dressing slutty '' or `` the murder victim was a scumbag '' isnt a reason to not bother with a prosecution now ) . 
  there is discretion but far less subjectivity and most subjective stuff ( e.g was it reckless ? ), 
  is done with oversight and consensus . 
  precisely to prevent shit like this or the state of our police/prosecution service pre 80s or so where the approach is a bit `` slap dash '' tl : dr discretion is a pretty dangerous beast when unchecked in fields like this . 
  and this is why its managed quite closely ( not the same as removed ) in a lot of the justice system . 
  surely that 's eastern-europeanization generally ? 
  ah i thought when they said `` british fighters in estonia '' that they meant violent drunk tourists . 
  because i live in germany and can speak german , i must be dutch or swedish because it 's impossible that british people can learn another language . 
  i 'm drunk all the time ( possibly true ) i 'm an ignorant arsehole . 
  i either speak like the queen or i speak like a cockney `` evenin ' guvna '' / dick van dyke in marry poppins . 
  i live in a castle i give a crap about football . 
  yeah we have a bad stereotype in berlin and many other tourist towns . 
  ca n't imagine why ... 
  baltic can into empire ? 
  in seriousness did n't realise we had fighters in the baltic/ee ? 
  im not sure if youre aware but the gastarbeiter programme in germany was a post war programme to bring in a load of people to do manufacturing etc. 
  most stayed and grew families etc and this is what created the german turkish communities . 
  this is why im saying this . 
  i live in berlin this is just history . 
  you can read through my history but youre completely wrong on me being racist . 
  im sorry but im stating a series of facts here . 
  the annoying bit for me is i dont want to over exaggerate , as said most dont care . 
  but there was a noticeable uptick in the scum in the scum area around kottbusser tor . 
  its mixed in with police actions in a neighbouring drug dealing area , but as someone who works there its been a little bit noticeable vs when there was a big camp full of refugees next door , a lot of pickpockets and scum are operating there , more than usual . 
  they tend to be in the lower education levels ? 
  i thought that was pretty well known as a function of various complicated issues but there 's a wiki on it that talks about the many complicated parts of the whys and hows . 
  but the main point being made is that generally gymnasium + entrance is noticeably low amongst turkish-germans than others for whatever reasons ( poorer schools , discrimination etc ) [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/academic_achievement_among_different_groups_in_germany#cite_note-fischer2007-17 ) i ca n't source it but it 's just something i 've always noticed at festivals and going past the big processing center at marzahn . 
  perhaps because i 'm around berlin so there 's a large 2nd/3rd gen arabic + turkish community here and less job prospects outside of tech/marketing mostly ( which are pretty noticeably white fields in my experience ) but i do n't think they 're exactly unreasonable assumptions to put together . 
  anyway the more important point is it would n't be surprising if there are a few dicks amongst security guards who are allowing sectarianism to happen or participating . 
  i 'd argue that the ones who are being violent to others though clearly do n't even want to adapt . 
  at some point there 's a limit if someone does n't want to play by the ( pretty damn easy to follow ) rules . 
  i also do n't think it 's fair that all the refugees are being defined as some homogenous violent blob when it is a minority within them . 
  people should be judged by their actions not their background , and if your actions are violent or criminal repeatedly then you should be facing a consequence for it . 
  that 's not what i 'm going for at all . 
  it 's just based on a few fairly well known assumptions . 
  theres a tendency in the security industry even in the most non-diverse countries to attract hot-heads and not exactly the nicest non-violent people . 
  the security industry tends to be the employment option of the lower-educated in society . 
  certain groups of immigrants in societies tend to have lower attainment scores and education , they will have a higher population in industries with lower educational requirements . 
  more of the hot-heads with lower educational levels will be represented in this industry . 
  i 'm absolutely not in any way treating anyone as a homogenous group ( except perhaps security personnel granted ), 
  two issues a ) i meant for example perfectly normal people who get caught up in bar fights can be unlucky and convicted of assault even if they are n't actually being dicks themselves . 
  once it goes to multiple times though it 's pretty clear they 're not innocent hence why courts tend to be lenient on first time offenders . 
  b ) to address your point directly depends on the country and the context hugely . 
  but often yes it does count but a reduced form of it . 
  self-defense is a complicated beast to deal with at the best of times ( e.g smacking someone in the face after they stop presenting a direct immediate threat is an assault ) . 
  hence my issue that technically the most minor one time infraction would then make you liable for this deportation .
