  v expansive question , we 're still in the eu so from that perspective easy as applying for and getting a job . 
  it is n't really too bad for non-eu people either if you got a job etc. 
  the procedure itself as in moving was pretty tough imagine setting up in a new city and all the low level bullshit you dont think about ( registrations , tax etc ) , plus the added bit of another language . 
  nowadays i 'm fluent but next time you 're in a shop or in some bureaucratic interaction imagine the person is talking gibberish to you . 
  colognes a nice place to live but a massive bitch of a mission to get a flat in ( getting bad here in berlin too ) . 
  it crossed my mind after the av referendum and i thought the uk was going a bit mental and i just went along with it in the end and said fuck it best decision i 've made in my life thus far . 
  jeremy corbyn meets other world leaders : o not like strong and stable may with 0 dodgy connections , also the dup are perfectly nice people and not religious extremists or terrorists that we need torynet to stop please stop asking questions traitor . 
  if i hear ` look you ca n't possibly know that the germans are n't going to willingly shoot themselves in the face from a position of power to do a favour to brexiters ' one more time i 'm going to stab myself in the face . 
  because tories always put politics first . 
  no way would it happen . 
  tory policies are built off of fucking up potential labour voters lives and dividing people and playing political silly buggers . 
  honestly i do n't think it 's remarkable even when blair won after a decade of devastation from the tories scandal after scandal and a full on crash of the pound out of the erm the tories still got a significant chunk of the vote . 
  every society has it 's low-info voters , it 's just in the uk the effect of them is magnified by the voting system , corrupt media and politiicans playing up to them . 
  if you took a genuine average of british peoples views you 'd get theresa may and the dup in coalition ? 
  you also tired of sugar-coating to express reading famly how bad the political mood is for brexiters here lol ? 
  jeremy corbyn , shamelessly speaks to crowd of people about politics , just like his marxist mate stalin who also spoke to crowds of people, 
  to the tax evaders who own the newspapers we were stronger and more important , until they actually read up on the issue and realised what was going to happen , now the game is play the victim and stoke up hatred towards europe to make it politically unpalatable to rejoin, 
  britain hating jeremy corbyn wearing a hat , hats of course , also having been worn in the past by ** communists **, 
  wow this is the biggest fuck up by a tory pm putting political games over the good of the country in a whole year . 
   and an ftt , why base in london ? 
  access to businesses , infrastructure , concentration of expertise , critical mass of other banks as well . 
  i did n't buy into the ` doom ' brexit thing and i do n't buy it for this either . 
  the people who want to leave will leave yes but there 's friction to moving , if they 've not moved thanks to brexit fears then this is fuck all porportionately . 
  anyone who 's moving has already made plans to move due to brexit . 
   these are not trading powerhouses . 
  sweden is a very small nation , germany did n't have the lost decade we did , there are many things we could learn from them . 
  plus frankfurt is n't nearly as profitable as the city . 
  as said though the end goal here is n't ` biggest dick trading city ' the goal is to make it so we are n't risking another brexit type event because everyone outside the wonderful world of high paid work has a shit life and ca n't get any where . 
  i 'm well paid but not well paid enough to go live on a yaght and escape the eventual inevitable consequences of a fuckload of people in poverty from automation  most people , my self included are assuming she wo n't be allowed to do that because of the loss of money . 
  honestly i assumed they would n't be going for daily mail brexit either . 
  but it seems she 's entirely guided by the tabloids atm . 
  i presume nothing anymore when it comes to the conservatives who used to generally be quite sensible at core and then throw a couple of bones to the daily mail crowd , this situation has reversed and they 're more mental than labour at the moment . 
  at least corbyn and a hung parliament will actually be constrained whereas the tories are just a blind drone vote even from mps you 'd expect would know better . 
  righty-oh then back to the actual topic then now that we 've all waved our dicks/vaginas about sufficiently . 
   then how can you suggest that it does n't benefit the corner shop , when practically everything that 's stocked will have been ... 
  sorry are we talking about scrapping all investment banking or a tax on one small aspect of certain areas of it ? 
  because i thought it was the latter but you seem to be under the impression that someone is proposing going back to barter based turniponomics . 
   lol . 
  you 'll have to realise that this does n't replace an actual argument nor does it somehow invalidate the existence of germany and sweden ( for example ) which have far more productive economies per-worker . 
  perhaps i 'm coming at this from a wider economy perspective and you 're obsessed with your field but in my area may will absolutely destroy the software industry with both torynet and encryption bans for example to a completely non-hypothetical extent . 
  i 'm emotional but you 're the one refusing to say anything good about it and are in complete denial about the fact that brexit achieved entirely the opposite goal of what they wanted . 
  it 's brexiters fault that the eu is going for an army now . 
  apparently i 'm brainwashed though . 
  i look forward to being proved wrong when that extra nhs money and that amazing single market membership with 0 economic disruption and no payment comes in . 
  what next ` oh but no-one actually meant that ! ', 
  or will it be ` yeah but it was about the sovereignty we just lied about the other stuff ' . 
  everyone informed saw this coming and we can all see the inevitable blaming of everyone else when the brexit does n't achieve any of its goals as well . 
  you projecting emotion onto everyone else does n't achieve anything . 
   look how long have you spent in investment banks ? 
  almost everything in the modern corner shop is there because we 've efficient investment banking . 
  from foreign exchange to rates , to futures . 
  well i worked in fin-tech for 3 years so i 'm pretty aware of the inefficiencies of banks yes . 
  how long have you studied banking inefficiency ? 
   because taxing the transaction is bad for free market hypothesis . 
  yes we 've all studied economics 101 . 
  taxation is a tax on x etc etc. 
  but you are completely fixated on arguing the semantics of this specific policy because you 've lost the argument that corbyns programme is one copied from countries with far more innovative and successful economies with higher standards of living for normal people . 
   well , it was still a risk to stay in the eu in the case they wanted to push ahead with an eu army then . 
  an eu army that could n't have gone anywhere . 
  it 's a bit like the risk i have that i 'll shoot myself in the face tonight . 
  without a gun , or the will to shoot myself in the face . 
   for someone who is n't salty , you sure do love moaning about brexit and i look forward to the future , no-ones moaning , just pointing out reality is necessary . 
  apparently if everyone else does n't sufficiently indulge the delusions of brexiters that 's moaning . 
  if you 're so confident then you would n't be calling everyone salty or reducing the debate on what 's good for the country to ` hurr durr salty librul tears ' and ignoring the substance of the debate . 
  but hey enjoy it , you voted for it . 
  i did n't though and i 'm glad i 'll be able to tell my kids i voted against anti-rationalism when the time came because they certainly are n't going to thank you for chucking us in with trumps lot and screwing the economy and cutting off opportunities for the young . 
   no because most consumption taxes you exempt business from paying when they consume , only on the end product . 
  you seem to be charging round in circle on semantics the whole time , possibly because you have no argument to say why a tax on the service of enabling a near instantaneuous financial transaction is somehow different than the tax paid on a lawyer or whatever is n't just ` normal taxation ' but ` wild-eyed anti-free market behaviour '  ok , now you are going full what have the romans ever done for us mode are n't you . 
  do you realise how uninformed that makes you sound ? 
  i swear to god this trope of ` anyone who points out that banks should n't be sucked off by everyone all the time just does n't get it ' is possibly more dull than ` the bankers the bonuses ' . 
  i 'm simply stating that banks spend a lot of money on lobbying and enjoy a lot of advantages in ` the system ' because of it , and apparently everyone else must call it ` efficiency ' or just ` not get it ' . 
  you could say that about any consumption tax though . 
  it may not be beneficial banks but the only difference banks have on corner shops is the amount of money they have to funnel to the conservative party . 
   why ? 
  do you not have to be vat registered ? 
  is your turnover that small you are flat rate ? 
  i work in germany for a tech firm it 's a different system here is all i was just looking at receipt for some services we paid for this month is all . 
   i 'm saying it 's `` not free market '' that 's not automatically socialist . 
  well the level at which you 've set ` free market ' appears to be ` taxation means not free market ' which pretty much makes every country in the world not free market . 
  which in fairness is technically true there is no such thing as a truly completely free market but i do n't think that 's what you meant here . 
  mine most certainly does when we buy any b2b product . 
  but this is beside the point . 
  the point is you are simply assertion that this makes what 's being proposed socialist without any evidence . 
  and therefore this one ` socialist ' policy makes the entire programme not just a proposal of a more continental social democratic set of priorities based on extremely succesful market economies but wild-eyed marxism or whatever . 
   ftt is certainly not free market because it taxes each transaction , not the outcome after a suitable period of time . 
  so just like vat on any other product ? 
   corp tax should n't be viewed in isolation , i mean who the fuck cares what the g7 charge because we 're the ones about to make it much harder for businesses such as mine to operate ? 
  they are n't doing a brexit , they are n't . 
  well as said that if we 're just going to keep going with the austerity that 's caused brexit and let infrastructure crumble and our population become less educated then it wo n't matter how little corporation tax we charge anyway as you say a change in corporation tax is a drop in the water compared to the massive barriers tory brexit is going to artificially create to appease the daily mail , not to mention the devastation to software and tech firms under any of this encryption nonsense . 
   they are n't doing a brexit , they are n't . 
   which is part of the problem with london . 
  housing costs so much . 
  charging 45p on 80k people is n't going to solve that , it just will add to the desire to move two hours away on half the money ( and even less tax returns ) . 
  and as said one of the key pledges is increasing the housing supply and dealing with issues like instability of tenancy . 
  just viewing this through the struggles of people on 80k is missing the wider picture that most experienced professionals in london are paid between 30-60k and are mainly struggling with lack of housing , people on 80 + k are not struggling at the moment in a way that affects domestic demand . 
   then why were they making plans to develop the eu army despite us already being in the eu ? 
  for the same reason they make plans for other things that have n't happened . 
   you clearly do n't know what brexiters want , so do n't act as our spokesman . 
  brexit means brexit and eu means eu and army means army and nonsense means nonsense . 
  does n't matter what they want , what matters is what they 're getting and what everyone warned them they were going to get .
