  no we do n't at all . 
  target radicals , actually enforce deportation properly , instant deport for people commiting crimes . 
  none of this requires discriminating against muslims as a whole because of their religion it just requires a structured approach from governments to enforce the rules properly . 
   considering the policies you support are the ones that allow islamists and erdogan voters in with absolutely no way to get them out is testament to the short-sightedness of your views . 
  ah what policies do i support exactly ? 
  please let me know because as far as i 've seen i 'm just opposing old fashioned religious discrimination same as when it happened to jews . 
  as said i do n't trust either . 
  populists and erdogan voters are all angry uninformed voters who ca n't handle a democracy with a plurality of views so they try to take over the whole system . 
  they are not western in their views and they are the enemy . 
  intentions like what ? 
  escaping war ? 
  not wanting to see their kids choke to death on sarin gas launched by the mates of good ol' vlad ? 
  the monsters lol . 
  yeah it 's fair enough shockingly i do n't know the ins and outs of turkish balloting lol . 
  but as aid i struggle to think of any other ways one does this type of voting other than posts/proxies or in person stations . 
  and stopping either is going to cause more problems than it solves imo . 
  but yeah cheers for heads up . 
  if i 'm honest the ones i find under represented are die linke and die grune . 
  if i did n't live in berlin i would n't even know they existed watching german news . 
  it 's all cdu/sdp/fdp and the afd . 
  even the afd get more time to state their views than anyone else . 
  as said i think it 's more anti-extreme than in any particular direction from an outsider perspective . 
   sell your soul for a percentage point increase in gdp , eh ? 
  i 'll sell my soul for a society that does n't create pre-crimes of people being from religion x yes because that society may well turn on me otherwise . 
  populist voters are exactly the same as islamists and erdogan voters in other countries and i trust neither . 
  they 're the same people wanting to shit on other people and shut everyone else out of democracy . 
  `` oh yes trust us we 'll only go for the bad ones , the illegals and the terrorists '' . 
  ask the people who voted trump and got their own families deported about how that goes . 
  as said we 've seen this enough times now to know what happens when you vote in the hard right and expect them to carry out progressive policies, 
  of reality ? 
  of triggering post-facters ? 
   request for a change in the status quo . 
  highly insular countries and society being divided by religions and ethnicities and ruled over by rich people and business owners who inherited money is somehow a revolutionary and new thing to you ? 
  who wants to import anyone ? 
  name a single person with that policy ? 
  as said i trust these populist movements about as much as i trust islamists , they 're the same people whipping up the same demographics of low information traditionalist authoritarian voters . 
   obody sensible is talking about discriminating anyone here , that 's exactly what 's happening right now people are talking about removing muslims from france based on their background and not their actions because they are dangerous and refuse to integrate . 
  and what happens when they refuse to go as they 're french ? 
  yes but is what 's actually being put out left-wing ? 
  when right wing arguments that go to the right of germanies political system like the cdu etc consist mostly of denying global warming and claiming germany is living under sharia law how is that somehow redressing any balance as opposed to just lying to fufill a quota of right wing opinions ? 
  i 'd say most german media is just centrist in my experience aside perhaps heute show or opinion shows like this actually give off some sort of anti-extremes bias more than a left-wing bias . 
  so basically this whole thing is about semantics ? 
  does n't exactly do much for the point here that getting scaremongered into voting trump as a gay to protect you from a tiny muslim threat got you pence who is a very real threat . 
   name some me some secular , liberal nations where muslims are the majority . 
  and here comes the pivot . 
  no i do n't need to defend anything ( especially things that can be googled for yourself ) . 
  i 'm just pointing out that you ca n't just say muslims/islam/islamists interchangeably and hope no-one points it out . 
  and when you do then people should be extremely sceptical of your actual motives . 
  just as they should when a long time anti-immigration , reactionary , anti-lgbt party suddenly is trying to sell itself as protecting the gays conveniently by kicking out everyone muslim . 
  ok so he just supports therapy that often involves gays being shocked . 
  well that 's ok . 
  so he 's just a smidge behind islamists in that respect . 
  wonderful . 
   anyway , in a world where young boys are given hormones to make them into girls , is electrocuting someone to alter how their brain works really that strange ? 
  yes because it is ineffective and destroys people . 
  it 's religious sadism the masquerading as science . 
  gurantee if electroshock therapy was touted as a cure for climate change denialism on then mike pence would suddenly be extremely scientifically methodical on what the benefits are . 
   anyway , in a world where young boys are given hormones to make them into girls , relevant how ? 
  and why is it assumed i 'd agree with that ? 
   islam is the fastest growing religion in the world , and muslims actually believe in their god unlike most western christians , islam = / = islamism . 
  islamism is the islamic equivalent of our own populist movements and followed by the same demographics for similar reasons . 
  the enemy of my enemy is most definitely not my friend here . 
   pence supports conversion therapy so he 's anti-gay . 
  question answered . 
  what else do you call it when you do not believe that gay people are humans with their own preferences and that you have the right to try to stamp out their preferences ? 
  depends on the day of the year i guess it 's been known to quadruple in certain areas of the us around certain days of the year . 
  the point makes itself . 
  look at how discrimination against irish people is treated now and think about if you want to be on that side of history . 
  nout else to say really . 
  it 's what i 'm amused at , ctrl f it and change it to muslims and people would be going out of their way to agree with it . 
  gurantee all of the people buying into the muslim thing now would be the ones saying irish people ca n't integrate then too . 
  authoritarian personalities never change either in time or by country , trump fans , brexiters , le-pen fans , erdogan fans islamist extremists etc they 're all the same . 
  `` this time it 's different , look back then it was discrimination based on press scare stories and whipping up by demagogues whereas now it 's a completely different situation where people are calling for discrimination based on totally not a press narrative where and totally honest behaviour by totally honest politicians like donald trump and marine le-pen '' . 
  i do love how true it is and how downvoted this gets along with `` no but trust us , with muslims ** this time ** it 's different ! '', 
  you should change some of the events and times and see if you can get the same rant upvoted to the rafters by making it out to be about muslims . 
   irish demographic has been the third largest demographic of people in america . 
  americans of irish descent account for approx 35,000,000 people . 
  in fairness if you count having a grandma who 's cousin-twice-removed-friends-cleaner was 1/2 irish as being irish-american then you 're going to have a large population . 
  so we 're going to surround and shut down the turkish embassy to stop anyone going in to vote ? 
  as said erdogan will just say `` whatevs '' claim the election was sabotaged by the nazis and then send out postal votes etc even if this does n't spark a major international incident . 
  all because of some insults from some idiot who 's inevitably going to get ceaucescued eventually . 
  you 're rather going off on a tangent here and other people have debunked it in other replies so i 'll let you inform yourself . 
  so you think the republican party has dropped a long-term anti-gay agenda playing up to their base because trumps the figurehead ? 
  trump is a populist he 'll say anything to appeal to his base , and his base is the republican party , and the republican party are anti-gay to their core . 
  likewise back to france . 
  is le-pen saying this because she 's actually pro-gay and she hates her conservative religious traditional rural supporters ? 
  or is it just because it 's a convenient stick to hit muslims with ? 
  le-pen has been anti-gay and anti-muslim since way before this crisis came up , this is just something that lets her push her agenda . 
  but as we saw with both trump and brexit , once they 're in charge and the putin-bots stop pumping out the hatred everywhere then all you 're left with is the right wing in charge trying to shut everyone else out of democracy and shoving the religious mores of their grassroots down everyone elses throats . 
  they know they ca n't win anymore by actually saying what they want so every single time they 've dressed it up in nice sounding stuff . 
  look at r/the _ donald now for example , in the lead up to the election it was constant organisation and mobilisation and all nice sounding stuff about jobs etc , and now it 's just a mix of angry and confused people flailing around at everything , meanwhile the actual winners ( e.g the tillersons and goldman sachs ) now have free reign to do what they want and try and set up the us as their bitch and have spent the time gerrymandering , destroying environmental protections and giving money to their mates and they 're going to play up to the religious nuts again through pence and they already are going against the rights transexuals etc have won . 
  if you think they wo n't turn on the gays eventually you 're a fool . 
  as said if you 're gay or in any sort of group the reactionary right does n't like , and then you vote for the reactionary right in the hope that they 'll go after someone else then franklins saying on `` those who would give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety , deserve neither liberty nor safety '' fits like a glove . 
  he is anti-gay is the main point im making `` protect yourself from the threat we conjured in the post-fact media world by voting from someone who will play up to homophobes for popularity '' isnt a smart move . 
  as said they will drop the fluffy language moment theyre in office if they get there . 
  not exactly a common good when its everyone reactionaries dont like who suffers to try and head off a vague future threat that makes 0 sense outside the heads of people scared of muslims under the bed . 
  not to mention likely actually increases that threat . 
  reactionaries are far more of a threat to democracy and gay rights than islamists from a dying islamist movement . 
  as said , watch the nice progressive sounding stuff get dropped like a rock if she wins . 
  same as trump same as brexiters .
