  but of course everyone knows that dunning-krueger definitely does n't apply if you are calling another person stupid without any reasoning . 
  plz tell us more oh smart one . 
  and there we go losing the argument so accusing everyone of saying things they didnt come close to saying . 
  right so we 've gone from  if you can find me a country with muslim majority between morrocco and indonesia that does n't have a problem with radical islam , i 'll send you 100 euro . 
  to  syria is the result if jihadists ( temporarily ) get the upper hand . 
  it 's a scenario that is waiting to happen in most muslim countries without a stable and strong government . 
  and mass starvation is a problem waiting to happen in most countries if they do n't have food ... and if my auntie had a cock she 'd be my uncle . 
  not sure how that 's really such a shocking observation that radicalism and violence grows in power vacuums ( and if it is n't by now having seen the effects of the fall of the soviet union through the arab spring then one must be an idiot ) . 
  i wo n't bother asking for the 100 quid as you 're obviously all talk but it 's perfectly possible to talk about islamic radicalism without saying `` muslim majority '' or implying muslims are all secret jihadists etc. 
  let 's just stick to the facts and leave out the muslim-hivemind theories shall we ? 
   well you 're burying your head in the sand if you do n't think there 's strong eurosceptic parties within the eu the maths does n't add up for them , not in a `` ooh it 'll be close '' it 's a `` everyone else in the country hate 's them and no-one is staying home now '' . 
  and perhaps even more important trump and brexit have highlighted what these guys actually do when they win . 
  rather than address the problems of the people that voted for them they bring their backers in to drive policy and start fighting with civil society and shouting down anyone who disagrees or expresses restraint and drive the hardest version of their agenda possible . 
  le-pen and co should be screaming at brexiters for turning brexit from a survivable if regrettable decision into a self-inflicted diplomatic disaster . 
  as said you can talk about `` har har what if the uk does ok '' but it wont , it 's like saying `` what if tranmere rovers beat real madrid . 
  the bubble outside of brexit world and breitbart is still claiming they 're going to somehow luck through even though everything is controlled by external factors . 
  i think you 're burying your head in the sand if you 're blindly buying into the post election revisionism that the polling margin of error is somehow going to deliver 30-40 % increases in any right wing parties vote . 
  and you 're burying your head in the sand on what 's happening right now with brexit . 
  everyone informed knows it 's retarded but the politicians are commited now and going along with it for politics . 
  read the story of the iraq war and you can see what 's going to happen by looking at the last time our politicians went along with something for politics and did n't think or speak out because of being branded treasonous by a smidgen over 50 % of the country . 
  threat to regional stability would basically qualify it as syria . 
  thats v grandiose sounding but kind of meaningless . 
  is it actually a threat to the ph govt or se asian stability ? 
  compared to say gross inequality or land disputes with china ? 
  if by strong you mean still not strong then yeah i guess . 
  and theyre very vulnerable to brexit and brexit is vulnerable to the diplomacy shown by brexiters towards the eu and european citizens . 
  although i always get concerned at my countrymen rubbing their hands with glee at the irrational-right rising . 
  id say just deal with the joke . 
  people think brexiters are dumb its a joke everyone loves nazi jokes about germans or lazy italians etc. 
  pretty much anywhere ? 
  although by your rapidly shifting definition of `` problem '' we should probably be talking about the problems of radical animal rights activists as well . 
   if the uk is successful outside of the eu except they clearly do n't think that . 
  why this sudden rush that anything not agreeing with the post-fact politics of trump and brexit must be qualified and sugarcoated when people do n't agree with it ? 
  why ? 
  explain the logic of this . 
  sounds more like you just ca n't take a joke at your expense . 
  i looked at bavaria and thought this was a map of where they all went to in 1945 . 
  as much as cosmopolitan elite is chucked around as a pejorative you nailed the complexity of areas that benefit and those who didnt . 
  brexit does f all to solve the problems caused by post thatcher manufacturing destruction but it felt good to many . 
  as said no-one killed a horse or beat up a person while yelling tabloid scare stories . 
  unfortunately brexit threw their lot in with nutters as they knew they could n't win by appealing to the centre ground and rationality and now they have to deal with the consequences . 
  yes but horses are n't also accompanied with tabloid scare stories on how they 're all criminal gypsy rapists etc. 
  if you ca n't see yourself being led along by the nose to hate random people for who they are and not what they do then deserve to be scorned . 
  if you think leaving the eu will make the conservatives who `` hate red-tape '' want to pay for actually enforcing worker protections and prosecuting law violators then that 's going to be a shit-show . 
  worth noting but perhaps note the numbers inthe uk where people also voted remain . 
  especially overwhelmingly most productive cities and educated areas . 
  as easy as it is to blame `` bloody englund '' then the divisive talk and ignoring of remainers to shit on others who agree with you for popularity does n't exactly do a lot of good . 
  do people who voted berlusconi then feel embarassed now ? 
  not really . 
  if people in working class areas really `` took back control '' they 'd be able to elect people who really represent their local views outside of the cosy cartel of lab/con and the uk would n't have the massive majority of it 's political and economic power concentrated in one city that reaps all the benefits and treats the rest of the country as an aftethought . 
  taking bakck control would be an actual change in the uk political system that benefits democracy for normal people . 
  giving your support to a load of nationalist headbangers controlled by large press tycoons and various people who do n't like anti-trust legislation and tax-evasion measures the eu are looking to take is about as establishment supporting as you can get . 
  `` i have no point or refutation so i will attack the person saying it . 
  this will surely convince people '', 
  i do n't think it 's right wing , i think it 's just people who believe anything they 're told and do n't verify things before taking them on as hard held personal assumptions . 
  i see plenty of left-wingers banging on about censorship stuff ( and sometimes the exact same thing of the government censoring data as well ) . 
  this is n't a left-right thing this is poor analytical abilities versus not poor analytical abilities . 
  especially as so much bollocks is out there now i think this is a very important thing to debunk bollocks . 
  but why is this relevant to a discussion on sweden ? 
  the original claim is they censor or do n't collect data when clearly if they 're releasing publically falsifiable data then that is n't the case . 
  but apparently if france does n't keep data then that means sweden does n't ... i really do n't understand the point ? 
   stick on all sorts of bullshit you want , [ here 's one of many videos and public statements of david davis saying we want a free trade deal and the eu will give it to us ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/brexit-minister-david-davis-eu-referendum-single-market-free-access-article-50-negotiations-a7220191.html ) . 
  so on the contrary you can stick your own bullshit . 
  here 's another video of him saying it [ must ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/politics/759110/brexit-news-david-davis-told-brussels-trade-deal-sorted-before-article-50-divorce-terms ) be sorted before we talk about terms of leaving . 
  note the `` britain in driving seat '' cheerleading headline from the express . 
   you also need to stop painting the brexit vote as about immigration , some may have voted for that reason but a lot did n't . 
  ok so why the big freakouts at any suggestion of a superior non economy-fucking arrangement where we still have immigration and we are n't giving god knows what ( handjobs ? ), 
  to companies not to leave ? 
  one second it 's `` it 's not about immigration '' then the moment anyone says anything that involves reasonable compromises on immigration everyone freaks out and says that 's the most important issue and we 're [ watering down brexit ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/farage-calls-supporters-get-even-if-brexit-watered-down-1590116 ) . 
  i 'm not painting anyone as anything there is no painting that needs to be done , the facts speak for themselves . 
  go google it . 
  not sure how that 's relevant though . 
  well apparently not seeing as they have the data in the above article . 
   but the overwhelming issue with immigration ( in terms of wellfare exploiting not in terms of dey terk ar jerbs ) is non eu immigration that britain had full control over allready . 
  you do n't need to tell me that at all we all non-brexiters spent the last years pointing this out and showing statistics and highlighting the arguments . 
  as said i 'm just trying to outline the other sides point of view . 
  do n't try and look at this rationally it 'll drive you mad . 
   i mean bloody honestly they 'd be all but fucking lying to their electorates faces . 
  how is that possibly sustainable ? 
  destroy education systems , let the media print bollocks and then not have to post retractions , have an election system that means only a small number of votes in swing constituencies matter . 
  it 's pretty easy actually . 
  the uk went full post-fact years ago when we rejected voting reform based on a campaign ( run by the same guys who ran brexit ) which advanced arguments like [ this ] ( https://i.guim.co.uk/img/static/sys-images/admin/bkfill/default_image_group/2011/2/25/1298628970292/no-to-av-baby-campaign-005.jpg?w=700&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=max&amp;s=8844341ed4a73c55b54e2da6c54e3f29 ) . 
  brexit is just another chapter imo . 
   the eu did n't really `` give '' compromises though . 
  along with germany and a couple others the uk pretty much net funded the whole thing . 
  as said though we benefited from having more rich countries to sell to . 
  the eu created a load of new rich economies to sell to and made it bullshit free to sell to other rich economies . 
  dwelling on the net ins and outs of contributions is a sideshow to the benefits and we both know that sideshow was filled with bullshit in the first place anyway as the lack of 350m for the nhs shows because that money never existed in the first place . 
  for both the germans and the french even if we go along with your assumption that they manipulated stuff unilaterally then both of those manipulations would be pretty small contributors versus the larger factor of the single market . 
  france makes multiples more from having the single market and trade with the single market than it does from the cap , if you removed cap tommorow and banned germany from any decision making on the euro then they would still be benefiting massively as would all the other countries . 
  anyway we 're in the present now and the uk voted to leave . 
  i wo n't dwell on the thing on if we `` deserved '' compromises but the point is that when your friend is constantly being a twat even when you 're doing favours for them and putting up with the behaviour there comes a point when you have to stop doing favours and treat them like a twat when they 're acting like one . 
  not because you do n't like them but because just appeasing twattishness does n't help . 
  see the mistake you 're making here is you 're thinking that `` germany sells us more cars ! '', 
  is based on any deep thinking or analysis and is not just a campaign line that 's been parroted so much people believe it . 
  as said i can understand it as a tactic in a political campaign where you can lie and then win the referendum but i 'm laughing that it seems they actually seem to be believing their own lies from the campaign and trying to manipulate events to their advantage based on those assumptions . 
  which is shaping up go as well as trying to perform heart surgery without even a basic understanding of how the cardiovascular system works . 
  r/russiadenies would n't exist if your version of the world was true . 
   yet what is considered in the uk as a good deal is beyond me . 
  the ideal deal of brexit is exactly the same as we have now but not paying and not having freedom of movement .
