  as said many not the same e.g many many polish people in the first waves of immigration were overqualified for roles . 
  it isnt importing poverty it 's that it 's a slower process for people to reintegrate at the `` correct '' level . 
  we said similar things about importing poverty when talking about polish people in the uk too . 
  its just something that traditionally happens with first gen immigrants throughout history . 
  as are the poor and those with few job prospects/low engagement in society . 
  also migrants you mean surely not just the sub group of them ? 
  refugees are a very specific type . 
  was going to say , carbombs are a lot more `` flashy '' than the usual stabbing around oranienplatz/kottbusser tor here in berlin . 
  credit due , im still quite an optimistic and think most people who will flyi in on immigration threads are people ( like myself ) who have reservations but are n't of the `` shoot all the brown people '' variety . 
  me too i was expecting much worse . 
  credit to r/europe . 
  love how the comments on the news site have n't read the article and jumped straight to `` the refugees '' . 
  that was unexpected / s. 
  that we collectively blame all for the actions of a retarded few . 
  just like it would be quite retarded for me to take the actions of the ira as representative of all irish people . 
  this guy 's been arrested for crimes commited in syria and i hope he 'll get the book thrown at him , in the meantime this is a good opportunity for a nice little race war circlejerk and we can downvote anyone who says da mooslems arent all terurists . 
  because half of the leave argument seems to be `` we 're so rich we 'll just put tarrifs on their products and they 'll cave in instantly '' . 
  forgetting the fact that 's effectively cutting our nose off to spite our face . 
  as said i also have problems with the eu but i do n't think the throwing the toys out of the pram approach has been thought through outside of a vague warm feeling about an independent plucky britain going it alone etc etc * jerusalem plays in background *, 
  please stop youre embarassing the rest of us who dont live in 1920 and think of the irish as subhumans . 
  not sure a private paper failing to report something for several days is the same as government censorship . 
  its rowing back a bit to say there are sharia arbitration courts that exist versus and i quote  in islamic suburbs in many european cities sharia law is being enforced by extremist islamists there im against the arbitration courts existence too but this `` mamy sharia law areas '' is just complete made up trump-twaddle that never gets called out, 
  `` many '' come on lets hear a few . 
  is it london again ? 
  youre just another person spouting bollocks without providing any evidence outside of other bollocks sources . 
  edit : silence que surprise ... 
  i 'm pretty sure i have to fill out my `` geldundhurenanmeldungbetrag '' at the burgeramt . 
  fuck it i 'm leaving germany , this paperwork is too much . 
  find a bit where angela merkel said everyone is welcome and not `` we will accomodate all legitimate refugees '', 
  ah ok so we 're rowing back . 
  ok uk is 26 grand max for all benefits as a govt policy . 
  germany is probably more as there is no cap but on the other hand its a cheaper country to live in + there is housing provision . 
  hundreds of thousands though ... for starters germany pays the most to asylum seekers and they do n't even get the full harz4 amount . 
  many other countries do n't even give you cash it 's just vouchers . 
  you got ta stop reading bollocks sources on the internet . 
  complete twaddle honestly . 
  for me on the other side of this . 
  the main parts of the current situation im happy with . 
  were out of ever closer union and we got the welfare delay . 
  the rest im happy with our position as a sceptical partner rather than throwing toys out of the pram and storming off hoping itll pan out ok . as pointed out noone even agrees whats wanted on the leave side , and most of the situations floated are basically the same as now + even worse conditions on welfare tourism etc. 
  we can be pedantic yes true.but hundreds of thousands implies huge amounts , not a barely survivable amount . 
  its a dog whistle statement from people i suspect have never even been to this continent . 
  i too am envious of all those guys on harz4 down the road from my office . 
  lucky bastards getting to pick up bottles for a living and standing around in the cold . 
  are.they ? 
  where do i sign up for this ? 
  germany where i live certainly doesnt and neither does my native uk . 
  where are you from ? 
  david cameron is that you ? 
  if you repeat copypasta enough it becomes the truth . 
  you seem to be more fortunate on paper theres meant to be fines for failing to register . 
  as you demonstrate i doubt theyre enforced . 
  but still quite annoying that law abiding people jump through the hoops while ahmed gets to do what the fuck he wants and plead ignorance . 
  im sure im about to be annoyed by the answer here but surely the inevitable contact with the authorities should result in deportations or prosecutions ? 
  i know that rundfunkbeitrag people are like the girl from the grudge crossed with american student loans when it comes to chasing people up when they reappear on the grid . 
  how did you get a bank account etc ? 
  or were you still at parents as in ? 
  i dont even now how you do that in germany with being required to register yourself in flats . 
  data then going to rfkb collectors . 
  not forgetting that its super hard to find a flat with an arabic sounding name anyway . 
  id expect some drug dealing . 
  i know people can do it here in berlin but for the life of me i cant figure out how they manage it . 
  google translate . 
  but as someone living there . 
  the article doesnt really say anything else revelatory outside the headline . 
  theyve not turned up to accomodation . 
  posting an article critical isnt exactly crazy . 
  its posting articles with incitements to violence thats the problem in the same way we look pretty closely at those posting bomb threats or islamic extremist propaganda . 
  ... well that was pretty fucking dumb wasnt it you silly person . 
  i feel bad as well a combo of some high profile attacks by cunts and pre-existing racism that amplifies it massively came together and now pretty much anyone brown is under suspicion . 
  kind of shit for turkish people whove lived and worked here in germany for years to be treated the same as someone whos just here for some dream version of europe with free money everywhere . 
  i have another polish ex-colleague on facebook who keeps posting prepper stuff in between white genocide propaganda . 
  just seems to have happened all of a sudden before everyone was very quiet . 
  yeah i guess thats where the debate splits on whether ite justified or not . 
  i get the argument for it on the other side when its not couched in sweeping generalisations about all muslims being rapists etc. 
  personally id prefer it if they processed applications abroad then brought them over as we do in the uk . 
  well that would certainly help lol . 
  cheers . 
  heh , i was completely ignorant on that did n't have a clue . 
  cheers for info american person . 
  ( on my own bloody continent as well , typical brit :p ), 
  yeah i heard , just a very interesting way to determine it i think or if it is just a turn of phrase . 
  if i 'm honest i do n't really read the papers a lot in germany so this kind of low level stuff i do n't know a lot about . 
  interesting nothing really was mentioned on the drugs outside of them finding some . 
  i always find it quite strange that drugs are supposedly quite serious and yet police are generally fairly tolerant . 
  granted i 'm iving in berlin so it 's extreme but it seems to be fairly non-discrete in most places . 
  i would 've thought that would be quite a serious thing to be in possession of amphetamines ? 
  i get that the courts not allowed to throw the book at the guy even if he was involved in quite an emotionally charged event and they have to stick to their normal procedures but that seems quite serious . 
   dazu kommt eine geldstrafe von 20 tagess\u00e4tzen is this seriously how fines are determined in germany by days `` income '' or is there more i 'm missing ? 
  but yeah main point is yes it 'll be people picked up on the night mostly i agree . 
  but identifying a random person on camera or even identifying if they 're commiting a crime is extremely difficult and probably even more difficult to actually then find that person post-hoc . 
  and the police are generally very under-resourced anyway . 
  see : non-refoulment [ quick summary here ] ( http://www.geneva-academy.ch/rulac/international_refugee_law.php ), 
  ban them all from entering/shut the borders/suspend normal conventions on refugees etc. 
  any action taken based on a stereotype is a collective punishment . 
   yes , i do . 
  you realize that vast majority of refugees are hetero and from cultures strongly opposing lgbt , right ? 
  it 's right here . 
  to read . 
  because of the perceived views of some they should all be treated the same .
