  what more evidence do you want ? 
  it 's as dumb as when lefties say they 're all angels and engineers and no checks should be done . 
  if i ' m talking about the exact same logic as hitler how is this some sort of fallacy ? 
  as said you 're the one who brought it up which sorta shows you 're aware of how crap the logic of collective punishment is . 
  so you'e gone racing off to yelling fallacies at everything rather than addressing the actual argument . 
   and a minority of jews are bad people . 
  therefore we must get rid of them all . 
  this is the logical path youve gone down of collective punishment . 
  where does the word hitler even get used here ? 
  i do n't even see a word beginning with h. change the minority group to whoever you want it 's still collective punishment . 
   problems that exist between relatives . 
  lol . 
  that asylum reason wouldnt go far . 
  source ? 
  if im honest even if there was and it was still effectove at night in the middle of fireworks etc , youd need facial recognition software and a database with the faces to do anything . 
  uneducated guess is that the guys arrested already had a record and an address to pick them up at . 
  keep your fedora from spinning you brought hitler into it . 
  we can change jews to chelsea fans if you want . 
  result is still the same . 
  yes just like id amputate my legs if i tripped over once . 
  in seriousness theres a lot more to eu referendum thing . 
  a lot of long term stuff has combined with an internal party struggle . 
  im on the fence leaning in because i think the idea is good especially now we have no more `` ever closer integration '' but the execution is shitty . 
  my god the memes . 
  e.g polish ex of mine . 
  gorgeous girl . 
  but holy shit she went full on hitler recently along with many others its like they put a drug in the vodka or something . 
  and a minority of jews are bad people . 
  therefore we must get rid of them all . 
  this is the logical path youve gone down of collective punishment . 
  as the guy said though we 're talking about collective punishment . 
  noones disagreeing with you on denying rights . 
  we disagree on punishing everyone with brown skin/islamic religion etc for the actions of a few cunts . 
  a ) salary v cost of living isnt that much better nowadays b ) they wont get the jobs with those salaries . 
  hows it high status ? 
  the easy and `` alpha '' thing to do is let emotions rule us and shoot them all for the credit from the right . 
  acting like a grown up is much harder . 
  if im honest im sceptical that many are grateful for being kicked to death versus decapitated . 
  but i see the point . 
  polish are all unemployed . 
  theyre at home on reddit making sweeping judgements and watching warsaw 44 on loop . 
  well like it or not he is an important figure . 
  whether iraq etc outweighs the other things is what makes up his legacy . 
  as said when i point out youre calling someone mental for not reflexively hating him , rather than talk about this though youre trying to attack my character too . 
  which rather shows the paucity of your argument . 
  i simplified it a lot yes . 
  i get that berlin has pretty much bugger all budget as a city budget to work with . 
  it 's notable even in the smaller stuff like water damage being worried about on the underground due to lack of general maintenance by the travel companies here . 
  [ link ( only in german sorry ) ] ( http://www.welt.de/vermischtes/article8674768/wasserschaeden-kanzler-u-bahn-ist-nicht-dicht.html ) again at the bundesland ( ish ) level we have the issues of willy brandt airport . 
  that 's a huge investment that 's not really going very well as many people know due to infighting and problems with contractors . 
  in short that investment is too little too late . 
  the projected capacity is already quite a way short of what is going to be needed for berlin to service increasing levels of tourism and movement as it grows into a mature german city . 
  [ good over view on the problems of the airport , point number 4 ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/berlin-airport-the-five-biggest-mistakes/a-17740584 ) the internet thing is another issue but we 're still running on relatively slow internet in berlin due to mostly relying on telekoms infrastructure . 
  not necessarily a problem for individual users as it still goes up to about 50 normally . 
  but a problem for if they really want to run large cloud and data operations in berlin as a tech-hub it aspires to be . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.morgenpost.de/berlin-aktuell/article126463754/internetwueste-berlin-warum-daten-hier-so-langsam-fliessen.html ) payment infrastructure . 
  yeah that 's an old topic , i accept not government related and i bore people to death on it but it 's mainly to do with a lot of shops not being able to take alternative card payments . 
  i 'd say skip that it 's more to do with local stuff and the problems of provider fees and german preferences for cash overall , i do n't think it 's a specific problem . 
  as you point out as an average for the uk a lot of less economically developed areas are pretty underdeveloped . 
  but berlin i highlight as an example of under-investment within germany , and germany as a whole still has very unequal investment in the north-east versus the rhineland and the south . 
  i guess the unequal investment is what you mean in the uk ? 
  london i would say is incredibly well invested and justifiably so owing to its important position , also add in hs2 rail expansion in terms of infrastructure and while the uk is n't perfect , we 've done a pretty good job of semi-government semi-private investment . 
  i apologise for the links in german , a lot of this is more local issues so there 's not much coverage in international press . 
  like i say personally i 'm not slagging off germany i like living there . 
  but i just want to highlight what is going on and my perspective as an outsider ( who also pays taxes here so i take an interest shockingly enough ), 
  then perhaps generally exercise caution when applying sweeeping judgements to people based on country or race ? 
  even if i was german that would still be retarded to assume some national guilt complex . 
  what do you mean `` you people '' a ) i can respect the germans b ) do you really think im going to take international politics thoughts from someone who cant tell the difference between a british and german flag ? 
  i just live there as an immigrant and pay taxes . 
  id probably drop the grandiose statements of german psychology . 
  its bad enough one on one its even more cringey when people try and psychoanalyse a whole country . 
  ok so you 've given up on the `` it 's all men '' thing . 
  now it 's just `` do n't let any in '' . 
  for that i would say that you do n't get to say that the german government gets to say that . 
  personally i 'm willing to pay my taxes as a german taxpayer to deal with those escaping ** real ** crises . 
  the conversation about refugees versus economic migrants is another one . 
  but blindly simplifying the debate down to `` hurr durr brown = frown '' is just silly . 
  indeed raarr . 
  in fairness i work for a german company so im a jerb stealing island monkey too . 
  but that wont stop my incoherent rage . 
  thats not what the article about . 
  i 'm not sure where we disagree her ? 
  i 'm not sure you can reduce willy brandt airport down to bad government investment . 
  there 's a huge amount of complexity about bad private contractors being used along with fire regulations . 
  it however was overdue investment that should 've been done a lot better a long time ago . 
  as it is now , it is already under capacity . 
  which is pretty much the story where i am in berlin of `` too little too late '' . 
  it 's exactly what happens when you are n't spending on capital it can be a a false economy . 
  ok fair enough . 
  thought you were doing the thing of `` all debt is dumb under all circumstances , investment do n't real '' . 
  not a clue who 's serious anymore in this sub sometimes . 
  apologies . 
  this is what i 'm searching for an answer to as well if i 'm honest , is germany actually `` behind '' in capital investment or is it just getting back to a normal point after a hell of a lot of investment growth after reunification . 
  there still remains a lot of underdevelopment in the east for example which if i 'm honest is probably where the deficit in this article is coming from in my opinion . 
  do you understand why businesses are willing to take risks ? 
  this is just completely illiterate to blindly dismiss all commercial debt as wasted . 
   obviously taking on debt for investments is something else . 
  well indeed , that 's the main point that makes `` all debt is dumb '' economically illiterate . 
  pissing money away on stupid shit is stupid wherever it is . 
  is it german out of curiosity ?
