  this is made-up . 
  and if you 're actually from berlin i 'm surprised you have n't seen any of the protests or learnt anything about this after the oranienplatz farce . 
  thats the spirit . 
  thanks for making me feel better for missing you speaking in hypotheticals . 
  dammit i missed a german talking indirectly . 
  will have to go give in my passport . 
  but correct . 
  afaik i cant vote in bundesland elections as a non-citizen . 
  only local elections + eu ones . 
  annoyingly the csu faction are a pain in the ass here in berlin . 
  i disagree with that decision too but i would n't describe that as political silly buggers , that was a serious decision and yes filtered through public opinion at the time ( as political decisions sometimes should be at the end of the day ) . 
  added in the context of germany trying to push renewable energy and it does n't seem that wild , even if it is misguided in my opinion ( especially as a berlin electricity customer ) . 
  i 'm referring more to non-decisions and `` photo-op policy '' e.g our current policy of trying to ban encryption to `` stop terrorists '' and changing the word `` minimum wage '' to `` living wage '' without actually setting one . 
  these are non-policies that are screwing thing 's around just to look good in the press . 
  if i 'm honest i respect her a lot for not getting drawn into childish politics and pr bollocks that we have in the uk . 
  i would also probably vote for her despite the fact i despise our own conservative government because merkel comes across as a pragmatist and not just someone playing political silly buggers as a game . 
  it was just quite a slightly painful moment but all my linke/anti-merkel friends have it all over facebook so it seems worth it . 
  possibly i 'm in a bit bit of a bubble living in berlin so there 's a huge amount of anti-anti-immigration sentiment ( i seem to have forgotten how to speak english at the moment ) . 
  nonetheless it seems to be notable it 's getting mentioned a lot in the papers here , not to the hysterical amount that our own election campaign ( in the uk ) was dominated by the irrelevant question of a man eating a bacon sandwich but nonetheless ... 
  i agree too i thought it was better to be honest and realistic on this than come out with a load of crocodile tears and meaningless platitudes . 
  but it was definitely a bit painful to watch . 
  was that fact about london being frances 17th biggest city or something true in the end ? 
  i remember my french friend would n't shut up about it and i could n't remember anything specific to dispel it . 
  i 'm living in germany so i 'm not sure how much the video of angela merkels cringe inducing moment with the crying fluchtlinge girl has gone around outside germany . 
  but that to me is a pretty compelling single moment of germany having a bit of a general pr implosion at the moment . 
  edit : here http://www.spiegel.de/video/angela-merkel-trifft-fluechtlingsmaedchen-video-1593206.html on bbc with english subs http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-33555619, 
  this is probably why english is such a dominant language if people are so chippy about other people daring to learn or speak . 
  one thing i despise is a negative attitude to other people speaking . 
  worth noting but actually we kept our defence spending at 2 % rather than cutting below it as people worried in the last budget . 
  there are big issues with the eu that need reforming but completely throwing our toys out of the pram and storming off is an over-reaction . 
  and some of the arguments for this are pure silliness like the `` leterally nazis '' oppression of having to come to a compromise with other countries etc. 
  the people who really care about the finer points of whats technically some sovereignty being given up without caring about the pragmatic point are the ones who like to yell loudest ( especially on the internet ) . 
  i know that 's a very popular soundbite , but as it 's the paper that 's broken most of the snowden and communications leaks and been one of the only papers who are n't owned by a large businessman with a right wing agenda maybe you might want to elaborate on why a piece of investigative journalism with good sourcing can be dismissed out of hand ` ? 
  allow me to translate : `` i have nothing to say , therefore i will now shout about feminists and sjw 's '', 
  indeed , it 's so completely normalised now that no-one even questions why they only take the cards that a percentage of german people have . 
  never had a problem with them personally , although they are on strike at the moment/were on strike , not kept up if they finished yet or not . 
  what ? 
  anyone who reads the daily mail and takes it seriously surely is an idiot when it 's been repeatedly proven to be making stuff up or deliberately distorting things ? 
  that 's a seperate issue to editorial opinions that i may or may not agree with . 
  id love some examples of people actually thinking this superiority . 
  i think you 're more fighting against shadow elitist liberals . 
  and what 's wrong with membership drives ? 
  i thought we were all in favour of alternative models for revenue ? 
  that just seems like a normal way of raising revenue combined through monetizing a brand . 
  but no-one seems to care except you that 's what i find weird about the whole thing . 
  especially now i know the strange reason is because we detained some foreign people in ww2 and the guardian was one paper that agreed with it . 
  it just all sounds very silly and pitiful . 
  that seems extremely unremarkable for the time and context . 
  and it does n't explain why every comment is about guardian readers . 
  and i thought guardian readers were supposed to be lentil huffing pc softies anyway ? 
  this just strikes me as a very pointless quest . 
  that sounds new to me , if unsurprising that someone would advocate an internment in ww2 . 
  care to elaborate on how that makes guardian readers untermensch ? 
  whats weird about that ? 
  eating the vomit afterwards . 
  now thats mildly interesting . 
  for someone who claims not to care you really have a bizarre fixation on guardian readers . 
  did polly toynbee kick your dog or something ? 
  that definitely isnt the case in my area . 
  but even if it was are cash machines somehow more insecure than everywhere else ? 
  do the hobos have the strength to pull machines out of the walls in germany ? 
  it just seems like a needless restriction . 
  especially combined with not beimg able to use cards anywhere . 
  no cards + no cash access means people + businesses cant spend as much or are much better robbery targets with lots of cash on them . 
  ec cards arent normal the rest of europe and are extremely limited in functionality . 
  this is the chicken egg argument i see of '' oh well no-one uses them '' its because banks dont issue them . 
  and thats fine for people with german accounts but its amusing that i have to have a commerzbank account with ec for some shops but then when i go abroad/home i have a visa prepay card with another german bank and that account also has a vpay card which is all but useless outside withdrawing cash . 
  so thats about three cards to fulfil the functions id get normally from a normal bank account . 
  like i say i think its because its normal to you . 
  dkb has an account with good functionality but not everyone has access to that . 
  sparkassen have absolutely terrible accounts for poor people who cant afford anything . 
  living in germany ( berlin ) i 'd bring huge amounts of cash anytime of the year in germany . 
  a lot of things are great here but banking is like being in a third world country . 
  nowhere here takes card outside of large supermarkets ( and with them its only maestros for lidl , aldi etc ) and global chains , you cant withdraw money anywhere as most banks charge each other , or you 're with cashgroup and there 's never a cash machine around . 
  cash machines are 90 % indoors and inaccessible late at night etc etc and those that are outside will run out of money as everyone going clubbing has to go to one machine or two tops . 
  it 's just a source of amusement for me now but it really is terrible how much germans get screwed over by their banks . 
  no just looking like someone who has very grand ideas on how countries run and its all a secret leftist conspiracy without actually knowing anything . 
   jesus , does belgium seriously not regulate welfare ? 
  regulating welfare on these conditions is a pretty standard thing for governments to do , almost everywhere ... and  fantasy story ? 
  i 'm for the status quo . 
  and  heh , ca n't trust the bankers left unregulated to do what 's right but can trust the riffraff of society , left unregulated , to do what 's right . 
  you 're just making stuff up to fit a straw man and then hoping it fits . 
  facts come before ideology or you 're letting the cart go before the horse . 
  oh for gods sake stop making us look thick , arrogant and clueless . 
  more like before they got out of portsmouth harbour . 
  more like before they got out of portsmouth harbour . 
  more like before they got out of portsmouth harbour . 
  well . 
  it wouldnt surprise me either . 
  most of the sp\u00e4tis are run by turkish people . 
  most i see are speaking german day to day . 
  the other smaller piece of evidence is a turkish family whos kid i tutor english who have all kinds of posters to ataturk and the secularists in their house . 
  theres very little evidence of muslim enclaves in the same way as france even if there is a community . 
  it 's an old story . 
  we already know putin backs right wing nationalist groups . 
  farage seems to think he 's some sort of footballer `` playing a blinder '' if you remember correctly how much farage thought putin would come out really well from `` not '' invading ukraine and annexing crimea . 
  the people benefiting from those things are the friends of or are the ones who own the press . 
  anything that makes things more balanced is always going to be heavily opposed by media . 
  i think 1 ) is more a symptom of our tax/capital gains system rewarding rentier behaviour too much over productive economic activity . 
  but yeah generally i 'd agree with that .
