  the reason i say this is culture wars cheerleading is because you 're basically taking `` the left '' and blaming all things bad on `` the left '' without us actually talking about the reason why far-right support is up . 
  if you did for instance you 'd find out i 'm very heavily against economic migration without prior application . 
  i believe we should be setting up refugee camps outside europe as holding areas for checks before taking controlled amounts in and deporting illegals . 
  i 'm also heavily against multiculturalism and seperate systems of law in islamic communities that go beyond arbitration . 
  but of course i 'm the big bad left-wing person because i 'm not blindly saying `` we should n't let any muslims in '' . 
  this is what i mean by `` culture war '' . 
  sorry mate but if i stretch enough i can pretty much ignore any source i want . 
  for starters you 've tried to lie once and hoped you would n't get called out . 
  i would probably trust a well resourced and long trusted source over your copy pasta . 
  but hey there 's some primary data linked in that . 
  make of it what you will . 
  much of the discrepancy you talk about ( copy pasta again ) you 're again just taking all refugees in europe e.g inc calais and then applying it to syria . 
  and much of that discrepancy is due to the family relocation law meaning they send the young fit men to make the dangerous journey and then relocate later . 
  i agree that 's a problem with economic migrants and some big tightening is needed in registration and deportation systems but while people like you are spouting disingenous or made-up bollocks and hoping no-one will say anything there will be no is going to be able to have a sensible fact based discussion about anything . 
  so let 's just stop improving our imperfect procedures for checking and deporting people under existing laws . 
  no instead in your world we 'll just blindly dismiss all refugee cases true or false and ignore international law based on if someone looks muslim or not . 
  no mate that 's a regression if we 're suddenly going to stop playing by the law . 
  your train of thought of prejudice and assumption before law is as dangerous and un-european as the idea of quran/religion before law . 
   the united nations high commissioner for refugees -- which refers refugees for resettlement in other countries -- says there are more than 4 million registered syrian refugees . 
  its figures on the demographic makeup of refugees is based on available data on the 2.1 million who were registered by the unhcr in egypt , iraq , jordan and lebanon . 
  ( another 1.9 million syrian refugees were registered by the government of turkey , and more than 24,000 were registered in north africa . ), 
  unhcr 's data show that 50.5 percent of refugees are women . 
  females age 18 to 59 make up 23.9 percent of the refugees , while males in that age group make up 21.8 percent . 
  even younger males -- age 12 to 17 -- represent 6.5 percent of refugees , while females that age are 6.1 percent . 
  the majority of refugees -- 51.1 percent -- are under age 17 , including 38.5 percent who are younger than 12 years old . 
  these numbers were as of sept. 6 . 
  we have seen a different set of unhcr numbers cited on a few conservative websites -- figures for refugees and migrants who have tried to enter europe by crossing the mediterranean sea . 
  there have been more than 400,000 such `` sea arrivals '' in 2015 , and 51 percent are syrian . 
  the rest have come mainly from nine other countries . 
  most of these refugees and migrants have been men -- 72 percent -- but these are not figures on syrian refugees or even solely the 200,000-some syrians who have been willing to take some type of boat to reach europe by sea . 
  http://www.factcheck.org/2015/09/stretching-facts-on-syrian-refugees/ sorry mate but you 've been copy pasta 'd on syrians all being men and mixed up the sea crossings and the ones coming on land routes from syria . 
  well that 's just silly . 
  leaving aside all of the points about basic income , social democracy and protecting middle and working classes from the privations of property speculators ... oh and how these center issues somehow = `` far left '' ... just to hone in on your point when did criticising a regression of european values backwards into racism and religious prejudice over the rule of law and innocent until proven guilty become a left-wing thing ? 
  i thought we were protecting european values against the muslamic invasion trying to take away our values ? 
  obviously that 's a real argument and you 're just trying to do culture war cheerleading but i thought it was worth addressing . 
  yes but this is an echo chamber and in this echo chamber anyone to the left of hitler is far left and only criticism of the right wing counts . 
  what ? 
  you mean there is a lot of highly selective statistics reading going around to justify singling out da moslamic rayguns ? 
  im glad you know so much about all refugees and how theyre all the same . 
  you should tell that to the government . 
  christ you sound like that trump moron . 
  german constitution and their legal judgements say otherwise . 
  the law is slightly more than cynical pedantry with constantly moving goalposts . 
  worth noting the firearms in france it 's been generally established were either brought in belgium or balkans with a strong favour towards belgium . 
  i do n't disagree that `` state '' borders are a large problem . 
  and it 's not one we deal with in uk as we can control borders easier which probably gives a different outlook interms of outlook . 
  but in terms of the us any sensible solution in terms of licensing is going to have to be at the federal level . 
  plaid have mps i thought ? 
  i feel like we should give them independence and see what would happen in cornwall . 
  im just v sceptical that can even function without huge taxes on second homes there ( fair enough ) and tourism taxes ( less effective ) and demands for better rail from uk . 
  what actually would they want to do ? 
  in fairness the uk as england , scotland and wales look pretty much the same as before . 
  depends on your definition of country though cornwall would be quite an amusing one . 
  italy in fairness started as a huge number of very powerful often warring city states ( see machiavelli ) . 
  so it would n't exactly be surprising if they had some quite radically different identities . 
  similarly in germany you can see a lot of left overs from their old highly fragmented state ( although interestingly not in the north/old prussian areas ), 
   also , it 's entirely legal to buy , drive , and own a car with no license or insurance whatsoever , provided that you do so only on private property . 
  hardly seems a refutation of the point . 
  more a red herring of pedantry . 
  as said we 're focusing on improving outcomes not stopping all crime ever . 
  there is still gun crime in scotland + some legal firearms ownership . 
  we just dont give terrorists firearms ( rifles or pistols ) question free which is the big issue with us laws at the moment . 
  id love to see a source for your hammers and baseball bats thing anyway . 
  again i dont see the point of the distinction . 
  all firearms long and short have the same purpose in terms of what they can potentially do and shout be licensed for mental competency , terrorist links and anger issues before you can buy them in a legal shop . 
  high five me too . 
  no way of going back to the glorious british motherland with precisely fuck all for young people . 
  but yeah 800 $ would work pretty easily in berlin in the right wg etc. 
  in fairness doubt it would be the same amount if introduced in germany or berlin but it 's a nice thought . 
  really ? 
  surely convert over into pounds and you 're closer to about 600-700 gbp . 
  i know outside london is cheap but is it really that cheap in wales ? 
  is n't that sort of like our universal credit system atm that 's been consistently screwing people over as they get 100 quid cut the moment they earn a penny over a certain band ? 
  that 's because hartz 4 ( their equivalent of jsa ) you pay into it + arbeitslosversicherung ( unemployment insurance ) . 
  this is why people keep wondering why we keep moaning about this and ca n't just have a contributory system and/or a 3 year residency requirement for all people that then is n't based on citizenship . 
  leaving aside the fact that you 've just given up and gone to a straw man when i point out the practical limits of rights ( aka not blindly banning all firearms ) which sort of shows the absence of any rational argument . 
  i really fucking love that you think i 'm particularly hard line anti-all guns when i point out the fact that concealed carry is a good system . 
  sorta speaks to your intelligence that you ca n't read more than one sentence into a paragraph ... but anyway ... you 're wrong i do n't actually think all guns being banned would even work in the us , and i probably would own one if i lived in america . 
  but as said my proposal was i would n't mind a licensing process at least on the level of what you go through to drive a car or concealed carry . 
  i do n't care about guns as much as i do about guns in the hands of the angry and irresponsible obviously the fact you get so freaked out and angry about that shows you as one of those irresponsible people who probably should n't be around anything more dangerous than a potato peeler . 
  an inconvenience is n't something that stops people exercising their rights . 
  just like the fact i 'm not allowed to say i 'm going to kill the president without getting some hassle means that freedom of speech does n't exist . 
  this is called being practical . 
  is owning a gun really a constitutional right for absolutely anyone ? 
  what about the mentally ill ? 
  those with terrorist links ? 
  those with a history of violence ? 
  those who just are n't competent to own a firearm ? 
  why not check that in the process of a license and/or purchase ? 
  these are all things that make it pretty shakey to claim it 's a well regulated militia in the service of a free state as the constitution says . 
  the concealed carry permits system for instance works pretty well . 
  this is always a lazy trope . 
  i dont think anyone is dumb enough to suggest it straight up . 
  my personal proposal would be a federal standard for rifle ownership at least as stringent as that of driving + owning a car . 
  between `` retardedly lax '' and `` impractical total banning '' there is a huge number of options . 
  this is the funny bit everyone knows that these apprenticeships are meaningless and yet we still all treat them as qualifications . 
  you must be new here ... ( also watch for that double negative ), 
  both at the same time clearly . 
  fucking pacifist pussies/war-mongering maniacs . 
  i think 's that kind of his point if you read the rest of the sentence .
