  or pretending that there would be no consequences and we 'd be in the single market with no immigration etc. 
  this is a major irreversible reform of our country ( if i 'm honest the damage is already done even if we reversed everything tommorow ) based on not just lies or exaggeration but deception and a bunch of leaders who knew it was deception . 
  can you honestly hand on your heart say that if the campaign had been presented as a bunch of facts in a booklet from an agreed upon set of sources as referendums in nz are then leave would 've won ? 
   polling in the immediate aftermath of the referendum suggested that the main reason that people voted leave was because of the principle that decisions made that impact the people of the uk should be made by people in the uk and subject to democratic accountability in the uk . 
  yes because post-vote polling loads of people are going to say `` i voted to reduce immigration '' . 
  as said poll after poll recently is coming out saying the main reason was immigration . 
  i 've never seen the sovereignty argument actually elaborated on well outside of an academic context or while actually being challenged . 
  `` taking back control '' according to our polls should actually have ( of our borders ) in brackets . 
   which racist groups do you mean other than edl ? 
  while it is likely that edl supporters did mainly vote `` leave '' , it should be pointed out that the edl is a disorganised and chaotic group with no party political organisation , no formally articulated policy positions and is no real threat to democratic life in the uk whatsoever . 
  indeed , it is noteworthy that the far right in the uk is currently at an all time nadir ( and in fact has never had a significant following ) . 
  in short , of the 17.4 m people in the uk who voted leave , a tiny proportion of these would have been edl affiliates or the like . 
  and yet we now have a `` brexit government '' openly floating policies like quotas and registrations of foreigners and seeing if they stick . 
  as you say yourself the racists are very fragmented from full edl types to `` ban muslims '' to my grandmother who reads the daily mail . 
  everyone knows that poor old grandma is not `` racist '' but does hold assumptions about the world that tend to lead to racist opinions ( e.g muslims are lazy and taking all of our benefits and raping people rather fails the `` jew '' test ) . 
  to make a parallel if i say i 'm not a communist but then my assumptions about the world are based on capitalists seizing the product of the proletariat . 
  then it 's rather hard to avoid being called as such no matter how much i bleat that it 's unfair to be labelled as such . 
  but the arguments of the secondary campaign where we had the breaking point posters and all of that rhetoric , plus how it was n't repudiated by the primary campaign definitely shows that ( shockingly ) years of racist tabloid rhetoric influenced a lot of peoples voting . 
  as said , it 's all things to all people . 
  hence you can have a campaign where people voting for it thought `` we 'll reduce immigration to zero '' and `` we 'll increase immigration from the commonwealth '' . 
  as said loads of different interests is a better way to look at it in my opinion . 
  yep you sound cool still insulting everyone . 
  but as said it 's a bit hard to avoid it surely ? 
  you know there 's a large number of them just like there 's a faction of racists within the brexit campaign . 
  as i say in the original post there 's a large number of different factions who the leave campaign appeased by not having a coherent position . 
  but whenever i point out obvious stuff like this then it 's the worst thing ever . 
  e.g there were factions of racists who voted leave and some racist rhetoric deployed by the campaign ( e.g breaking point , muslim migration etc , let alone what was on the internet . 
  ** and ** there were also a lot of commonwealth immigrants who the former group hates . 
  but the campaign said `` let 's strengthen links with the common wealth ! '', 
  them taking it as increasing commonwealth migration . 
  that 's deluded on the part of both of these two groups , and fundamentally contradictory at the level of the whole campaign . 
  hence why i say it 's better breaking it down into interests of various groups than this `` whippets and top hats '' level of class based analysis . 
  as said if anyone dares to suggest that not everyone who voted leave is is n't a political scholar politely addressing a perceived over-reach of eu federalism and sovereignty or that the leave campaign was n't a bit post-factey then instantly a horde of people jump down your throat as `` stop calling everyone who voted racist ! '' . 
  even if many of the arguments and the people undeniably are racist and many people were gullible ( e.g the misleading bus ) . 
  so wait why were people voting brexit if not for a mixture of reasons like 350m for the nhs or reducing immigration as post election polling has said ? 
  were the edl and racist groups not strongly in favour of brexit ? 
  i do n't think brexiters are all idiots at all , i 've actually had conversations where i point out good things to come out of brexit . 
  but if you got hoodwinked by something that was obviously false then you ca n't avoid the word gullible . 
   you think vigilante justice is the way to fix this ? 
  how is it vigilante justice ? 
  is anyone getting attacked or whatever for it ? 
  is anyone calling for people to kill the rich etc ? 
  it just means tax records are available . 
  sure i think putting it in a tabloid paper is a little weird but this is an extremely effective measure against corruption which in itself has positive effects for everyone else . 
  you want to stop dirty money sloshing around the economy and screwing up property prices etc then this is how you do it . 
  wow what a great counter-argument `` i ca n't be bothered to read other opinions that i do n't like '' . 
  besides what 's so bad about these words ? 
  even the guy in the video is using them . 
  why so sensitive ? 
   people like you would whine because you do n't know what life is in such crime riddled areas . 
  please drop the personal attacks i 'm not attacking you personally or making incorrect assumptions constantly about you as a person . 
  you 're actualy incorrect in this case i live in a very muslim neighbourhood in berlin and i 've spent most of my adult life in poorer areas with high crime . 
  for all you know i might be someone with brown skin who is on the other end of this type of thing . 
   what people like you always miss is that `` stop and frisk '' affect more brown people because they commit on average more crime . 
  if you receive 100 calls a day saying a dark dude robbed someone and 100 for white dude ( in the context of 80 % white vs 20 % black population ) black people are going to be disproportionately affected . 
  like it or not but skin color is absolutely legit charateristic the police can report on and one that can be used to profile someone , just as much as height , weight , tattoos etc. 
  and as said this is doing the usual thing of putting the cart before the horse . 
  you are saying this as if it is any sort of settled consensus rather than black people more often end up in positions where they are forced into crime and are more likely to end up getting picked up for it etc in a large cycle . 
  and it sounds very nice and simple to just say `` well lets just go for people x then '' but that is n't an effective strategy as you just get a whole community shut off from society . 
  what 's so hard about the rule of law here ? 
  if someone is commiting the crime then you arrest them and charge them . 
  pre-crime does n't fit into western society . 
  do n't think anyone claimed that i thought it was common knowledge that it was middle/little englanders and left-behinds with the usual mix of views mixed in . 
  probably more helpful to have a look at what peoples self-interest issues are . 
  e.g gullible old people voted because they believed the 350m lie . 
  and thought healthcare would improve . 
  racist people/edl types etc voted because they thought muslims would evaporate overnight and we 'd deport all the forrins . 
  politics wonks voted about a perceived take back of theoretical sovereignty . 
  lot of gullible working class people in ex mining towns voted because they were led to believe we would then re-open the mines and rebuild manufacturing etc the list goes on . 
  the main strength of the leave campaign was it was all things to all of these people even when it was fundamentally contradictory and everything would be better . 
  just saying middle class and working class here is a really old fashioned way of looking at things . 
  i 'm not whining about anything . 
  i 'm simply stating that it makes sense to go for the known criminals and enforce the law properly . 
  on people actually commiting a crime . 
  what is being proposed here for people who want to go for `` morrocan people '' is phygionomy which is a completely debuked science from victorian times . 
  you ca n't just target morrocan people on sight because not moroccan people are not all criminals , nor do they all look the same , nor do brown looking people wear badges to say `` i am morrocan '' . 
  it 's just a shit policy that is only proposed by people who would never end up on the end of a policy of harassement based on how they look . 
  right but that 's the point , you know who they are and more specific behaviours than just `` black '' . 
  that 's intelligence led rather than just targeting people based on race . 
  that 's already what police do . 
  i also can tell who is `` dodgy '' on a street or who is behaving like a pickpocket . 
  but this is n't the same as targeting certain people for skin colour . 
  unfortunately the problem with that is that in the past a lot of police who just used that as an excuse to go for all black people even if there was n't evidence . 
  which is how you get middle class people at work etc being harassed on their day-to-day business by police ( and shot in america in many high profile cases ) hence why it 's touchy now . 
   but using black/arab as an excuse to not handle that excess of criminality is what i am against . 
  my poverty car gets me pulled over a lot on the street , if i go drive around the industrial area of my city on a saturday night . 
  and well deserved , because that is where a lot of street-racing is happening . 
  its called handling the specific problem we have . 
  again the problem i have with pc behaviour is going lightly on known criminals when they have deserved the sentence . 
  i think this is less common than one thinks though even if it may look like it when viewed through the world of outraged daily mail and breitbart headlines where they 'll ignore a large reason for why something is happening and just say `` oh they 're going soft on him because he 's black '' . 
  if i 'm honest most of my german friends here in germany we 'll discuss salaries all the time . 
  it 's better to be transparent on what you 're paid for career reasons . 
  people get private about what they do with money or what they 're looking at on the internet etc. 
  no-one can blackmail or manipulate you with how much money you earn . 
  but where that money is coming from is more interesting . 
  if you 're claiming to be on a normal income and it 's way bigger than expected and there is no explanation then people might have some questions . 
  ops adultery ca n't distort the whole country though . 
  money laundering and huge amounts of money from corruption get plouged into property etc in london all the time hence how you get a situation where house prices and general prices just dissapear out of all porportion to local incomes . 
  transparency of how income is there is getting there is more important . 
  it 's not like anyone sees what you are paying for with the income , you can buy all the midget hookers you want .
