  aye british immigrant of 3 years working decent paid tech job living in kreuzk\u00f6lln . 
  in my defence got flat through publik besichtigung and paid an ok price and speak german . 
  not exactly super hipster but im pretty sure im the stereotype gentrifier . 
  aye i had a vague idea but nothing so specific ( i live in kreuzk\u00f6lln myself so im one of those gentrifiers i guess ) its interesting nonetheless thanks . 
  yeah i stuck them together for conveniences sake and because all of berlin was relatively poorer ( even if west was richer ) but youre right . 
  thanks captain pedantic :p . actually something bugging me on berlin as a resident . 
  why is neuk\u00f6lln so poor despite being mostly in the old west ? 
  i recognise ethnicity absolutely . 
  but i dont think that ties to nationality otherwise we end up going in all kinds of circles . 
  if you pass the test for citizenship thats the end of the matter as far as im concerned ( now whether those tests of cultural and linguistic integration are sufficient is a different question ) . 
  back to america again but i dont have any problem calling a person ( for example ) with mexican parents born and bred in america american and i think the same level applies universally . 
  to your example the kid is swedish and i actually know a group of kenyan danes for example . 
  they `` fit '' fine in the danish group . 
  sure theyre black ethnically but thats a secondary thing to identifying as danish and understanding the culture etc. 
  i think we can agree that when you integrate this question dissapears . 
  the question os how to achieve this . 
  id say executive and legislative arm kind of overeggs it though . 
  there are big multinational issues yes . 
  but i dont think itd be possible to go down to the minutae . 
  and even if they did theyd basically be stuck implementing exemptions for certain areas ( e.g south v north , east v west on minimum wages etc ) im very pro-eu for the big picture stuff but i dont think its practical . 
  obviously british so i think its impractical and even if it wasnt it woukd be kind of redundant . 
  the big issues like environment crime etc can be tackled well enough at eu level if the will is there . 
  id like subsidiarity to continue . 
  i know the america metaphor comes up a lot but i think its flawed in the context of extremely mature nation states with different cultures . 
  work on the bits that help in terms of cooperation e.g border control is a biggie at the moment then let individual stateswork on their own issues . 
  try being british there lol, 
  richer clubs = better youth academies . 
  east germanys/ex-ddr got ... meh berlin i guess is in bundesliga ? 
  how so ? 
  im not sure you can really define it any other way if youre a citizen youre in the country . 
  e.g american - * insert nationality * are still american . 
  fair enough but id argue its a pretty unreasonable level to set . 
  it pretty much sets all of the proper ex-colonial powers as unable to point out genocide when it happens . 
  it just smacks me as a bit whatabouty even if the facts are true when we start dredging more than 100 years or so back . 
  im not sure whats being argued about here . 
  the khmer rouge is a huge part of cambodian identity at the moment and its significance in their politics is significant ( forbetter or worse ) . 
  similarly the holocaust has had a huge effect on german identity and their own actions ( e.g they funded a lot of cambodias genocide remembrance projects hence the link ) . 
  how does something that happened in namibia affect anything other than changing the subject ? 
  was nambia part of the holocaust or something ? 
  also wait so this somehow counteracts everything theyve done ? 
  christ how can you possibly ever be acceptable under those quibbling conditions ? 
  cambodia kind of has a big thing about genocide due to the khmer rouge thing . 
  much like germany its kind of a part of the political identity . 
  im not sure you know enough to comment with dismissive wide sweeps like this . 
  surely anyone convicted of a violent or sexual crime should be instantly rejected for the safety of other refugees and the wider society, 
  the problem is n't the government getting buttfucked , it 's us the people who get buttfucked . 
  boris johnson for example was getting a massive erection over ttip before he changed his mind when it looked less popular . 
  and our government are the ones who do n't want to put in exemptions for the national health service etc. 
  and even if they were n't trying to dismantle it themselves , we would be absolutely steamrollered in any negotiation . 
  to answer your question on `` why put up with it '' . 
  because we 'd have to do what was wanted to have full a deal into a huge and important market . 
  and what is wanted is removing `` burdensome '' red tape like ensuring food is safe or pesticides that are dangerous can be sold etc. 
  i think are much closer to that bridging role because we are in the eu at the moment . 
  if we leave it then the centre of power basically becomes germany . 
  were just the shouty guys at the edge . 
  and any fta we do outside of the eu with the us will be a complete buttfucking for us . 
  at least there is pushback against ttip at the european level now . 
   they will have to apply for residence permit , just like all other non-eu immigrants . 
  it will take maybe 30-60 minutes of their time . 
  as someone living germany . 
  lol no absolutely not that simple at all . 
  not to mention well start bringing in all the restrictions and hoop jumping that happen for non-eu nationals . 
  and these laws often change for political reasons as were doing in the uk . 
  also worth noting is that eu citizens are all considered equal in job applications so many would be losing out on employment abroad even applying . 
  just wanted to hone in on this visa bit . 
  there will be consequences the question is is the trade off worth it . 
  itt people who are easily manipulated by headlines . 
  pretty much the same . 
  and it 's actually very similar to the general policies already existing ( extent depending on country ) . 
  except on the internet this approach is replied with `` why do we need to educate not to rape ? '', 
  for example when the germans produced that sexual education leaflet to do exactly what you said above , you likely remember the comments if you read it . 
  no matter how much education you give there will be cases like rotherham etc. 
  that 's why we have to enforce the law , but this will happen after a crime has been commited by its nature . 
  you will still have some horrible cases in your society . 
  my principal point is that the only way to 100 % remove muslim rapes or whatever issue is to deport all muslims to completely eliminate the risks ( as you would have to do the same to remove all gypsy crime , or jewish crime or whatever ) . 
  and that in itself is horrendously impractical . 
  but until you do this you will have to deal with some outrages that will spark the type of silly comment that started this whole thread . 
  ok so that 's all good then . 
  so what would you do different to solve this muslim/islamic crime issue ? 
  as said you 're allowed to talk about it , no-one is stopping you at all , this is a safe space now , lets hear your proposals . 
  is that actually how it happens ? 
  my impression of a lot of it was it was more likely to be happening to orphans/homeless kids with little family protection hence the spike associated with the large numbers of kids floating around on refugee routes etc. 
  ok so everyones absolutely ok with just enforcing existing laws then ? 
  and no-one wants to ban muslims from coming into europe based on religion/race whatever ( i know how fluid that concept becomes when we start calling it out ) ? 
  out of curiosity what immigration policy for europe on muslims would you change and why if we 're going to make it the constructive discussion everybody claims to want ? 
  [ ctrl + f `` muslims '' ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4k6qzi/child_trafficking_in_eu_on_the_rise/d3cpue8 ), 
  christian bale i guess ? 
  oh and michael fassbender ( do we get to claim him or is he irish i 'm not sure ) . 
  oh and pretty much every star in american films and tv shows ( `` he 's british !? ), 
  i love how we 're going down into pedantry to avoid the point made that picking one tiny element of a larger picture and blaming the whole thing on that is retarded . 
  you kind of prove the point that just picking one part of a huge system with causes and effects and saying it does n't explain anything . 
  weird that they 're used so interchangeably is n't it then . 
  well technically no he 's not wrong , likewise if i try to explain what causes photosynthesis just saying `` oxygen '' i 'm also not wrong . 
  but it 's a crap answer because it oversimplifies an issue . 
  if this weeks hate group was italians we could also blame italians . 
  when this is organised crime stemming from several different areas that have been doing it for years plus this refugee thing amplifies it . 
  it almost strikes as deliberate simplification to reap some karma for hating muslims as an entire group . 
  i 'm not denying rotherham and i do n't think anyone sensible does everyone knows it was the pakistani in the area . 
  i 'm saying that simplifying it down to `` da muslims '' is comical when this is a well known mixture of russian , italian turkish etc organised crime that 's been happening for years plus a recent refugee crisis with a lot of undocumented people who can fall through the cracks . 
  you can hold positions of accepting problems in parts of muslim society and dislike islam without declaring all muslims as a homogenous group of rape zombies .
