  lool yeah he fucked all those poor and working class wholl feel the consequences of brexit to mildly irritate some rich people who live in cities . 
  top bants m8 absolute mad lad, 
  not really . 
  his answer to `` whatll you do if youre wrong ? '', 
  he breezily says `` well if it all goes to shit ill just fuck off '' all v well for him with his mates in the us and russia when his ideological parlour games turn to shit not quite so good for the people who believed this rubbish and are still waiting for nhs money and investment in their local area . 
  how dare you make me feel bad about shitting on people for fun based on where they were born . 
  all the downvotes for you . 
  stupid people . 
  he 's just a pied piper to people who have and always will exist . 
  although this article is pretty exaggerated . 
  rich white men who inherited their money making plays to enrich themselves and playing political games are well known as the underdogs lol . 
  well in reality they are n't covering any of this stuff . 
  in fact pretty much no-one criticising the result is on any of the shows aside from richard dawkins had a 2 minute bit on newsnight . 
  all they 've done is report the news and then let leave politicians come along and say `` well this is a good thing because we did n't need that anyway and i definitely was n't on film saying this wouldnt happen 6 months ago '' and then the presenter does n't challenge anyone who 's verifiably wrong . 
  it 's exactly the same as the free ride given to nigel farage and his systematic over-exposure out of all porportion to his popularity or electability . 
  spoken like a true serviceman . 
  worth noting but that 's pretty standard for most militaries especially when you 're going through basic training . 
  i did n't fire a single live or blank round outside of a controlled range package for a good few weeks even in a non-conscript army that actually fights wars . 
  for at least the first few months you are effectively a retard in terms of the trust given to you around weapons ( justifiably ) and i could imagine with a conscript army this is likely in just as much effect as you do n't know who does n't actually want it who 's got mental issues etc. 
  even live firing packages ( aka real maneuvres with live ammunition ) are relatively rare unless you 're in pre-deployment for an operational deployment and/or in a unit with a super high training budget . 
  and even then we 'd still spend a few hours doing a few dry runs before anyone even sees a single round of ammunition . 
  lot of paperwork if someone gets shot by accident so it 's taken very seriously by directing staff . 
   so because they 're not the only ones committing crimes we are supposed to ignore the biggest mass sexual assault in the history of modern germany ? 
  who 's saying we should ignore it ? 
  punish the people involved in it and let 's move on . 
  there is no-need to create pre-crime of being a muslim which is what the loonies seem to be gagging for, 
  but apparently just agreeing with verifiable bollocks for fear of appearing elitist is n't infantilisation . 
  how disgusting that parliamentary sovereignty was upheld and that people actually had to debate what was happening . 
  im sure this waving through for political expediency will turn out just as well as the iraq war where we also ignored the experts and shouted down parliament and the lords/anyone lookibg at facts as traitors . 
  just you watch . 
  we 're playing the long-con to win . 
  we break up our country into seperate states and then we all vote for each other scandinavia will cower before us in terror . 
  youre not missing much theyre just calling each other stupid . 
  arguments on reddit have more substance and civility . 
  well if you remove the cooperation between countries to solve a shitload of free-rider problems then ` europe ' conceptually is just an appendage of asia . 
  depends how you count , but overwhelmingly the cost of death penalty trials in the us is larger than life imprisonment with the amount of time it takes . 
  or you just chuck out the rule of law and do it quickly and then you can enjoy the conseqeuences of turning yourself into a third world country with all of the corruption that brings in . 
  but hey at least you appeased the emotions over evidence voters . 
  but as said it is n't about the press , it 's about the application process . 
  it 's only you who 's convinced that if the right or left-wing press say something enough then that somehow affects what reality is . 
   no , what we should be doing is something along the lines of the following : proof of identity is required or else no entry . 
  if someone has a criminal record , then no entry . 
  if someone has illegally entered a country via trying to transit to a desirable destination , then no entry . 
  some sort of cultural compatibility test should be required to be passed . 
  refugee visa which must be renewed annually . 
  no right to permanent residency while holding a refugee visa . 
  no right to naturalisation . 
  they all sound very nice theoretically on paper but i 'd do some googling as to what you 'd actually have to do to implement these . 
  hint : this is pretty much what you have to pass during the application stage . 
  and for another type of mistake  no right to permanent residency while holding a refugee visa . 
   no right to naturalisation . 
  these do not exist inherently anyway outside of the minds of the same people who think you just pick up a passport down the supermarket . 
  it is down to individual countries to decide their own policies on this type of long-term stuff ( e.g germany sent back a lot of bosnians refugees after that war finished ) but at the moment you do n't seem to understand what actually happens when someone makes an application for refugee status which is n't your fault as a lot of stuff gets said where people mistake passion for actually being informed on the subject . 
  not getting at you at all but why is it on us young people and skilled people to deal with the problems of low-pay by companies though ? 
  to make a parallel with this i spent 2 years getting fucked off by companies in the uk when i applied for traineeships and no-one wanted to invest in me or pay a decent wage . 
  then the moment i get into a field after a german company gives me a traineeship ( thanks to freedom of movement ) and now i am a datascientist/developer type then those same companies are bleating about how they ca n't find anyone and that it 's too hard for them to recruit people . 
  it 's not even that bad for me as a brit in the larger scale of things but i voted with my feet , and if i was from a country where i 'm treated like shit as a person with low wages no tenancy protections etc then i would also move to another country if i could . 
  if poland bulgaria etc want their smart people back then they 'll need to make life better for people to work and live there . 
  he is a verifiable fool . 
  it takes a lot of balls to stick your cock in an electrical socket as well but does n't make it worthy of admiration . 
  especially when it 's other people you 're throwing in front of the bus . 
  no it is n't it 's because a lot of people are extremely badly informed and listened blindly to right wing media ( who are perfectly fine with regimes like this long as their owners are n't harmed ) . 
  and every day and every promise broken that seems to become more and more clear even if it is `` elitist '' to say that there was never a plan for more nhs money and we were never going to get special amazing special deals . 
  because it does n't work . 
  that 's not whining that 's watching someone try and stop the tide with a shovel and saying `` that is n't going to work '' . 
   how about they review the cases before people are allowed entry , and not significantly after the fact . 
  because it 's a bit hard to wait around while your case is reviewed while you 're getting shelled with poison gas . 
  you would n't , i would n't and shockingly enough as fellow humans syrians do n't either . 
   you 're the one bringing up muslims , not me . 
  so you 're denying that fact that anyone muslim picking their nose instantly gets splashed across every right wing tabloid and blog as evidence of muslim invasion ? 
  how is this different to the freak-outs about polish people 10 years ago from the same people banging on about muslims now ? 
  it is abundantly clear that large quantities of migrants are bringing undesirable problems ... incompatible and often hostile outsiders . 
  `` abundantly clear '' meaning lots of right wing papers and blogs say so ? 
  there you go with this sweeping judgement again . 
  how about we do what we do with everyone else and if they as an individual commit a crime then we punish them ? 
  in the meantime the systems need tightening up and processing procedures need improving and deportation procedures need improving . 
  but because it does n't work 100 % perfect you seem to be advocating a completely shit non-evidence led system because it 'll please the right wing and various delusionals . 
  it 's not about walking round with a big grin on your face all the time . 
  the point is that you do n't feel like you 're getting scammed by general stuff in a society and that you can trust your government and people around you . 
  it 's really quite noticeable for me how much my quality of life has improved living in germany for example even from small stuff like not feeling like i 'm getting fucked over by train companies and not being screwed by landlords constantly because i have some means of redress against corruption . 
  probably about `` having agency '' being a big correlator with contentedness for a lot of things . 
   in the context of the eu , the vast majority are economic migrants and not genuine refugees , and the system is broken enough that it is failing to differentiate effectively enough . 
  you have evidence of this that is n't just your assertion and the spamming of said assertion by the right ? 
  how about we leave it to the people who review the cases and make these decisions ? 
  this mythology of `` they 're all '' economic migrants or the weasel words of `` the majority '' are just ways to try and get around the problem s of that not being true . 
   enough that it is failing to differentiate effectively enough . 
  right so the solution is to just withdraw from all obligations because the system is n't already 100 % perfect ? 
  no-one is arguing against tightening up deportation and enforcement for failed applicants or people who commit crimes but there is no reason to just start making `` summary pre-crime of being from muslim country '' policy based on freak-outs by right wing media and the people who spout it but do n't question it , fact-check or have any perspective on it like president trump . 
  you seem to be mistaking trump flinging accusations at random shit that he does n't know about with actually considering the facts . 
  do you disagree with the reasoning or the points raised ? 
  because trump is consistently verifiably wrong , him chucking out 100 false accusations does n't make him 99 % wrong on one particular issue he is 100 % wrong there is no such thing as correct through quantity . 
  so then you 're talking about something completely irrelevant ? 
  except merkel is n't pursuing this agenda outside of the heads of far-right delusionals . 
  for the same reason other eu countries let bulgarian people immigrate despite constant myth-making and selective outrage about them as well . 
  make no mistake if it was n't the muslims it would be bulgarians at the moment so it 's kind of laughable you 're joining in on the `` they 're coming to steal and take da welfare '' hate-train . 
  he 's not , but he 's not talking about immigration he 's talking about refugee policy in which case yes it is a right . 
  apparently everyone gets all annoyed when people mix up immigrants and refugees when the left spout open borders bollocks , but as usual the right wing arguments you are n't allowed to point out the basis in complete factual innaccuracy otherwise you 're being patronising and elitist . 
  as said though they kindve got fucked . 
  if i was scottish not english id be changing my vote as all the `` were the stable option '' stuff has evaporated now . 
  this isnt going to to be as easy a campaign as the last time and i hope were not labouring under that delusion .
