https://factcheckeu.org/factchecks/show/369/nick-clegg that has a lot more basis in reality than 27 million romanians and bulgarians etc etc. 
  i do n't personally like the guy but i love how if nick clegg twists something to make it rhetorically more effective he 's literally hitler but we seem to completely give up on when overwhelmed with stuff constantly saying climate change legislation is literally fasicism , we pay 55 million euros a day , banana shape regulations etc etc. 
  it 's the same strategy as fox news of just overwhelming reasonable debate with rubbish and you can get away with murder . 
  apparently that 's `` ca n't barrage the farage '' and `` masterful debate '' nowadays ... 
  i also like how the whole eu debate is supposedly predicted by a short tv debate between an incredibly unpopular deputy prime minister and a bullshitter of the highest order . 
   this is what i am hoping for in the up and coming general election debates . 
  nick clegg using logic and facts and nigel farage using his made up figures and hyperbole . 
  yeah we already had that happen . 
  if there 's one thing i learned it 's that british people fall for made up figures and hyperbole really easily from the `` ca n't barrage the farage '' crowd . 
  if i 'm honest though it 's mainly that a stereotype . 
  i 've never seen or heard turkish people talking like that and im in and around deepest neuk\u00f6lln quite a lot as well as tutoring a load of turkish kids in english . 
  the stereotype itself is definitely a dick but i 'm way less afraid of turkish kids walking down the street towards me in berlin than i am of white kids in london . 
  okey dokey , did n't know that , yeah i just took the '' \u00e4mter '' logic and applied to beamter lol . 
  my finesse on these types of things in written form does n't exist yet . 
  gon na be honest , you kinda do sound a teensy bit racist there old sport ... 
  do you think so ? 
  interesting view granted but possible . 
  although personally i do n't think they 're actively malicious , they 're just not particularly nice because they ca n't be fired which turns them into cu *** . 
  but i 'm open to this , highly likely it differs pretty heavily between different areas . 
  yeah well ... that 's like your opinion man :(, 
  honestly i really do n't find this true living here a lot of the time . 
  even at work if i do n't want to speak english then everything will be done in german and i 'll communicate in german . 
  the worst i 've had happen is switch to german they switch to english and i just keep talking in german until they start to feel stupid and switch back . 
  personally i 'm at a level where i 'm at least slightly proficient and i can handle business meetings in german but it 's still obvious i 'm foreign . 
  i think sometimes this thing might be exagerrated and or based on tourist areas and attractions . 
  for instance try and register yourself as a resident in english and you 'll get the shittiest attitude from the be\u00e4mter even in `` omg everyone speaks english '' berlin . 
  err ... what ? 
  in berlin ive not even seen an nfc machine yet . 
  i was excited when lidl started taking visas two months ago . 
  bringing them to approximately 1994 in terms of modernity . 
  gon na have to go see this i think . 
  i know dw . 
  just the sketch made me laugh . 
  i would disagree it 's necessary even if i do n't disagree that it 's a positive in a lot of ways . 
  as a chap below mentions with more access to social housing this would n't be such a life or death situation . 
  as it is , it 's stacked against people who rent in these areas where they have their family and their jobs and their rents are going to go up and eat any means of them to set-up elsewhere . 
  i would agree it 's a normal force but i would n't take any pleasure in it and i defintely think we could be doing more to minimise the impact of it rather than letting people get completely fucked over and then getting angry at them when they take matters into their own hands like this , no matter how incoherent or silly the target is , this is not just a random thing . 
  necessary is an interesting phrase to use . 
  you realise it is n't a centrally controlled process right ? 
  forgetting about the gentrification debate and grievances that may/may not be justified . 
  why an independent store owned by locals with money that goes back into the area and not a large chain shop that funnels money out of an area back into their offshore headquarters ? 
  yep lets just ignore all the root problems and treat everyone with any grievances as some wild-eyed moron . 
  that 's always worked really well . 
  shockingly enough at the moment it is higher . 
  i 'm not into `` opening the borders '' etc but there does need to be some controlled relatively bullshit free movement for business etc. 
  this thing about completely over-reacting shutting all borders freaking out about cultural fifth columns etc. 
  that is neither the status-quo nor is it rational . 
  i actually live in berlin myself so this is what caused my realisation . 
  i think you 're over-doing it a bit there are a lot of nice places here and a lot of nice sushi + korean places ( kom-a and amirang are my main examples respectively ) . 
  plus nice turkish places that are n't just kebab places ( e.g hasir and doyum are both fantastic turkish places . 
  but i think there is n't the same diversity both in terms of restaurants and that i 'm really used to just picking up coriander and indian and mexican all in one place . 
  my shopping trips in germany normally consist of one shop for pork + fish etc then running through a turkish shop for a wider variety of vegetables and herbs and cheaper chicken then having to go to a large shop for international ingredients . 
  well i 'd argue that there are lots of nice `` german '' places normally doing really well cooked game and meat with very nice vegetables and sauces + spargel crammed in somewhere ( e.g ristorante nansen in neuk\u00f6lln is pretty damn nice while being very german , the feinkost kafer on top of the bundestag is also very modern version of german food ) . 
  but it is n't really `` distinctively '' german i 'd agree more `` good '' north european restaurant food . 
  yeah indeed , taking out the international influences the tricky part of that it 's kind of like asking an italian person to prove they have unique food without mentioning pasta or pizza dough . 
  outside of that it 's just subjective preference on if you 've had `` classic '' british dishes and enjoyed them . 
  which in fairness even them with the amount of gastropubs in the uk those have also come forward a huge amount using higher quality ingredients and preparation techniques . 
  nandos is absolutely bizarre actually if i recall it 's a sort of mish-mash of portugese barbeque founded by two south african guys with influence from carribean cooking . 
  definitely not very authentic as far as i know . 
  well i think if you set the bar at only british food from the 50s then you are correct . 
  but there are two issues that i was disputing in the original post . 
  a ) that the uk is a culinary hell-hole , this i think i would like to show as false through pointing out the amount and quality of food you can buy in restaurants and the culture of cooking and internationalism shown by consumer trends and ingredient availablity b ) if we seperate only british food from 1950 then yes i 'd agree with you , but as i mentioned indian influence is now so inseperable that the uk has it 's own styles and methods of cooking indian food developed in the uk . 
  the fact that i wanted to show was that i was able to pick up something like a sausage and egg sandwich but have it with a completely inauthentic indian touch to it shows how much british food has developed not just in that but things like gastropubs have pushed forward the steak and ale pie ( definitely british ) into something that is n't associated with stodge and blandness any more and yet this image still goes on . 
  the british diet and palette has changed a huge amount whereas for example the much vaunted italy and france have rather sat on their laurels with quite a conservative outlook . 
  ive heard this too . 
  im obviously biased though :p . and american pronunciation tends to be comprehensible to most even if british pronunciation can sometimes be completely random . 
  i gave up on trying to explain the word `` through '' a long time ago . 
  also english never had nearly as funny a comedy sketch as that norweigan ( ? ), 
  comedy show did on danish . 
  if im honest to go against my own argument for a sec im actually curious if we can claim the roast as british . 
  theres variations but ive had similar with families in germany more often pork and red cabbage but as you say i think the roast dinner is more a north europe thing with variations on the same theme . 
  yeah a fry up is good etc and roasts are awesome . 
  but the principal point i get in particular from the french and germans is brits have boring taste in bland foods . 
  to return back to the fry ups i went to an indian place while visiting london the other day and was able to have a sausage and egg sarnie served in naan bread with chutney for a fiver in london . 
  amazing food and a perfect exanple of imaginative cooking . 
  we actually consume the most chilis per person in europe and have a huge variety of food plus roast beef done properly etc. 
  as u say continental breakfasts are a good example of what we are always accused of . 
  we have huge variety of food in all the british isles nowadays . 
  its a fun joke but as someone who cooks to a high level it just isnt true as an actual assumption that many ( french often with friends ) seem to have . 
  honestly i dont think i can think of a single language thats sounds so weird to me compared to how its written . 
  i speak german and made a good job of reading signs in danish as it looks similar structurally . 
  perhaps some days it would be french as well . 
  but listening to it ( danish ) spoken is something like what dogs must hear when humans speak . 
  delayed again recently to about 2018 wasnt it now ? 
  i gave uo following it when it came out the airport iisnt even sufficient for future demand now and the building is in danger of collapse now . 
  german engineering my arse lol . 
  i sourced my bit . 
  that 's all i can do for you if you do n't want to listen to anyone except yourself . 
  ok berlin is definitely different to germany ( although not as much as people seem to think in my opinion ) . 
  in fairness it was true for me in leverkusen and wolfsburg ( topically enough ) on visits there . 
  i think the term efficiency comes from the paperwork and how structured everything is a lot of the time more than if that 's actually making things more efficient . 
  e.g anmeldung system is very `` efficient '' in terms of registering people . 
  but it basically just feels like something to keep be\u00e4mter busy and creates a huge bottleneck in the system when everyone who moves flat has to register within two weeks of moving in a system where the next appointment is in 5 weeks . 
  oh man i could rant about this for ages living in berlin . 
  but i do n't need to , i 'll just say three words . 
  the uk and bad/bland food is the most common one i get from people . 
  this was based on when the uk in the 50s ( still under rationing ) had a very limited palette of english food and restaurant quality was very low and people did n't cook a lot more exotic than meat and two veg for various reasons . 
  nowadays the uk both has some of the highest concentrations of high quality restaurants on a normal high street . 
  plus a huge number of large high quality chains with more constantly opening . 
  and you can get food from all over the world from wagammas for japanese to wahaca for mexican to nandos ( a huge success story in the uk right now ) for piri-piri chicken based off of portugese recipes .
