  change the skin colour and this does n't even get posted . 
  you live a very sheltered life then if you 've never seen a minor scuffle like this . 
  i see one every month or so in berlin around tourist areas and residential areas alike ( especially when there 's a football game on ) . 
  i definitely do n't expect to see any paper articles about it . 
  so i guess i win as you do n't want to talk about the actual argument . 
  bad luck old boy . 
  worth noting as you 're done you may want to acquaint yourself with the statistics for london before throwing hissy fits in future . 
  so you 're seriously saying you 've never seen a fight on public transport in your life ? 
  christ i 'm not sure you 're ready to talk about this if you have n't ever ridden public transport on a friday night . 
  would explain the emphasis on derailing the argument to `` does london have white people in it or not '' . 
  so your argument is based on `` nuhuh you said this other city that 's the same first '' and your own personal opinions just to really try and squeeze out of the fact this is a pretty standard scuffle on a train and not race war . 
  change it to colchester , reading , manchester , whatever . 
  point is this is selective outrage over something that is pretty unremarkable because the title has the word `` migrants '' in it . 
  [ your reaction is the same here ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrxjh9dc4oa ), 
  ok so both guys are white ? 
  is this a headline now ? 
  because i assure you that 's a standard friday or saturday level of creepiness and fighting on the london underground amongst natives . 
  my problem is `` 20 year old guys act creepy on a train and cause fight '' is a load of horseshit for taking wider judgements of an entire culture . 
  i could probably cherrypick and make a more meaningful judgement based on the behaviour of british lads abroad ( munich would be very familiar with that ironically ) and if there was a big agenda that made the behaviour of british blokes something that got clicks in the news , you would probably find just as many articles and opinion pieces decrying the incompaitable drinking and violence culture of all british people . 
  in short . 
  you 're cherrypicking stories for an agenda . 
  just like how this story of `` turkish looking germans act like dickheads and are involved in friday night scuffle on train '' is now being used as `` literally cologne 2.0 '' by the hysteria brigade . 
  now let 's talk about sensible suggestions for the actual refugees thing and how to integrate all those people and process applications and deport those who are there economically but this is just `` brown guy do bad , all brown guy = bad '', 
  the use of the word migrants here is pretty obvious clickbait . 
  living in germany i can pretty confidently say these guys are not recent arrivals at all . 
  not that that will stop the pitchforks . 
  in fairness when you buy most products the money goes into advertising for new customers . 
  as bullshit as it is they 're entitled to do it . 
  shockingly enough i do n't know a lot about the finer technicalities of russian labour laws and citizen rights i 'm just going off of friends experiences working there and my own visits and conversations . 
  consider me corrected . 
  my paint is that they are not running anything even approaching a socialist system in russia contrary to many people who seem to think it 's still 1976 . 
  indeed which i thought was the point of interest . 
  i dont know many loans where they get to tack on inflation seperately to interest . 
  you 'd definitely be getting screwed if you took one for a mortage or something . 
  in fairness i did n't think loans normally had inflation unless you got some really shitty loans . 
  the cynical part of me thinks politicians are waiting for enough people to come round to this and realise the flaws of the relaxed approach before they actually start being strict . 
  as you say it 's quite politically controversial to do this at the moment . 
  the argument of `` we need to conserve resources for real asylum seekers '' has n't gotten so much traction yet because it 's gotten mixed up with the racist arguments that just assumes everyone from morroco to syria is the same and all are lying . 
  cant lose an aircraft to enemy fire if you set it on fire yourself first . 
  fack off little britain . 
  indeed hence the second part of detaining people who dont identify themselves . 
  if someone cooperates without documents you can most likely track down if someone is from algeria etc. 
  but this current thing will not work if people can game the system so much . 
  personally i 'd be aggressively returning to country of origin along with moving the emphasis to taking directly from refugee camps . 
  if the origin country do n't accept then we cut aid spending . 
  if the country ca n't be identified/they refuse to say then detain in a prison camp until they remember . 
  we can not be wasting money and resources on fraudsters it 's a very important principle that cheaters should n't be able to jump the queue over those with legitimate asylum claims who are then effectively punished for being honest . 
  i stumbled on it there too . 
  excellent stuff . 
  http://imgur.com/jw370p5 not entirely relevant but definitely amused me a huge amount . 
  that was a police officer who got stabbed ? 
  i see nothing about that in this article , did you read it ? 
  got a funny way of showing it , russia economically in terms of working rights and protections for workers makes the us look like france . 
  is there any more news on what actually happened yet ? 
  lets hope they punish and deport the criminals as this is exactly what will screw it for the real refugees who do need help . 
  theres less fat people which improves the general amount of people . 
  faces etc are all diverse things so theres nothing mystically more attractive about any particular country in my opinion ( or at least i do n't really have a specific type myself ) . 
  but if you have a society where women participate in a lot of sport or are meant to look traditionally attractive etc youre going to see more attractive people . 
  even if you drew the short straw in facial features if you are in shape then you will still be considered attractive by most people . 
  also worth noting that the difference between wealthier educated uk and poorer uk is huge for the usual reasons . 
  hence why the uk is pretty well represented in modelling and acting and other things with a very diverse gene pool . 
  well yeah if they 're using the asylum/refugee system the resources meant to be going to those fleeing from wars and are destitute are going to someone who wants more money . 
  you can apply to work legally with the correct skills in the correct normal manner as everyone else does . 
  if you do n't qualify then unfortunately that 's life in the same way that i 'd need to jump hoops to move to the us . 
  you do n't just get to jump the line at that point , especially not at this current moment where the systems and resources are needed to deal with people fleeing conflicts . 
  i still think go on a case by case as there are definitely people from north africa fleeing homophobia , political persecution etc. 
  but a ) europe ca n't cope with that many people being processed and being mixed together with those fleeing wars b ) the plan of being rich as an economic migrant is n't going to happen for someone unskilled anyway it 's a false dream sold by people smugglers anyway . 
  the reason of simplicity and `` obviousness '' to voters i would say is the strongest argument . 
  in particular someone mentioned below that electronic systems are more vulnerable to accusations of fraud which are just as undermining as real fraud and that 's a compelling argument . 
  my main point was to apply how we use data at our office to detect fradulent transactions in a different manner . 
  i just do n't want to dismiss it out of hand as something impossible and i believe there are a lot of massive massive advantages that balance against the ever-present risk of mitigable fraud . 
  i think it could be done in time and would make direct democracy and other systems far more imaginable . 
  indeed , i 'd say rather than worrying about the .000001 % events i 'd say the more important thing is good auditing and control of the system so that you can detect and fix fraud rather than hope it is unbreakable ( and it seriously is n't as we learnt in the uk from quite shocking frauds involving normal and postal ballots ), 
  all kinds of why you can slip up , from as simple as 1,000,000 votes from the same address to unusually high regional concentrations to a load of voter ids all voting consecutively ( e.g voter 1 votes , then 2 then three etc. 
  there are all kinds of ways to detect fraud in patterns especially when you use bots . 
  certainly it 's not that much worse to get 10 data scientists to check for fraud/audit than to comb across a whole country . 
  i 'd argue that both systems are vulnerable . 
  it 's pretty routine now and it does n't make quite as exciting news . 
  but pretty much all countries have at minimum monitoring of notable islamists and programmes against radicals in mosques . 
  as said it does n't get people as excited because it 's been happening for years and is routine by now . 
  at one point here in the uk we were going right up to basically house arresting people without trial using control orders . 
  you do n't miss much , it 's just scumbags being cunts . 
  just made me super depressed so i watched 4 lions afterwards to counteract it . 
  i 'm not sure what i would re-write here though . 
  my emotional reaction to the programme was `` well if they love syria so much go fuck off and live there '' . 
  but opening up the precedent of deporting british citizens is a bit of a worrying hole to go down if the next group was people of a particular political persuasion . 
  so then we say `` ok well do n't deport them but put them in jail '' . 
  we have loads of crimes and we could n't build up a strong enough case to put someone in jail ? 
  so then we change the law again and we introduce the concept of thought crime into law . 
  again we 've created some pretty scary stuff for `` normal '' activism . 
  i 'm not really sure it 's a new threat either most of our laws to do with this come from when the ira was a thing . 
  we tweaked police procedures etc but i think the core of how law functions actually works pretty well . 
  i 'd like us to be more aggressive in deporting foreign scumbags by detaining people who forget their country and cutting off any aid money to countries who refused to take back deportees but that 's more about enforcement of existing rules . 
  living in germany its not that they love her . 
  but they dont dislike her . 
  as importantly the papers take that tone too . 
  people will bitch about individual events and issues but it isnt seen as a wider incompetence by most ( rightly or wrongly ), 
  ok but laws have to apply to everyone equally regardless of if theyre a cunt or not . 
  otherwise we turn into a shithole just to make ourselves feel good .
