  i at least dont resort to calling everyone an idiot for pointing out gaping flaws and hypotheticals in my argument . 
  you 're just getting really hysterical about '' but who 's going to pay the plumber tho !? 
  '' , it 's kind of a side issue that 's been dealt with in the proposal in a broad way but would be dealt with easily enough . 
  they arent nationalising shit they 're paying the owners market rent to house people in unoccupied/vacation rental flats . 
  there is no guranteed income its property speculation . 
  if they were kicking out full paying tenants and putting in refugees and paying less maybe youd have a point . 
  these are just buying and being left empty and not rented . 
  how theyll prove that they know how the housing market was going to go is going be tricky being based all on hypotheticals . 
  tough tits that your `` surefire property bet '' gets your fingers burnt . 
  this is all hypotheticals on your part and ttip even a formed thing so i dont even know where this hypothetical is coming from . 
   they will not nationalize investment companies , they will do it to their own citizens who are not covered by investment protection treaties . 
  they 're not nationalising the apartments they 're ** proposing ** forcing people to rent them out ( at a market rate as well ) under a legal instrument . 
  which is n't confirmed yet . 
   also a lot of middle class keeps a second condo for their kids when they grow up , now they will have to pretend they are getting divorce and need the second flat for the spouse no this is for empty apartments . 
  while the conditions are n't exactly clear ( e.g unsold or a time limit on unoccupied ) but yet again there is nothing in this article about a threat to any actual peoples homes . 
  most likely this will be for unoccupied flats that do n't have anyone registered to them in city records i.e the speculative housing on stralauer allee along the spree that is purely there to keep empty and gain value . 
  so basically this would n't be the case in your strained example , also even if it was true then some people having to be mildly inconvenienced is n't exactly terrible versus me having to step over frozen people in winter in berlin . 
  and even if in your hypothetical of a hypothetical there was a hypothetical mistake and no-one was registered there primarily or secondarily there will be a way to prove ownership in a notice period . 
   they dont know and who might ruin the entire place well that 's just dumb emotional talk , how can you make this assumption oh all-knowing one ? 
  they 're not renting apartments out to chimpanzees . 
  i 'm not even necessarily `` pro-migration '' but that 's just being a prick and you deserve a kick in the testicles . 
  god the bloody hysteria in here about this syria crap is just unbelievable, 
  was gon na say , most berliners here ( especially in friedrichshain ) will see it as a benefit if buy-to-leave investors get their fingers burnt and stop clogging up apartments from the market . 
  not my bloody constitution i 'm british lol i just live in germany . 
  but yeah there 's options about for refugee housing , berlin has an affordable housing crisis but not a space crisis if you get what i mean . 
  the other option also being talked about was sticking a load of them in tempelhof airfield which is an abandoned airport terminal basically , the amount of people though means they will have to use a lot of different things . 
  and this one is probably less unpopular than cramming them into every hotel etc ( they 're less likely to mess with tourists stuff in my cynical opinion ) opinion mode : to your thoughts germany is n't the same as the uk in terms of a sacred right for your house to go up in price as an investment vehicle and i also have very little sympathy for people who were counting on it as a buy-and-leave investment in general which is a huge problem at the moment in berlin ( and many cities ) . 
  so again in my personal opinion i actually think it would be good for some buy-to-leave investors to get their fingers burnt fucking around with homes people need to live in as an accidental benefit . 
  why would they pay a cost set against a speculative value ? 
  i thought you meant actual damage etc from the temporary use in the proposals . 
  that 's just setting ridiculous hoop-jumps for it being `` ok '' to house refugees in speculative investment apartments that are being left empty . 
  there is no `` damage '' of people losing on property speculation or a `` right '' for your house to grow in value . 
  german law i 'm not an expert in but it definitely is n't the same doctrine as american or british law so it 's a different context to look at it . 
  in my personal opinion as someone living in berlin i actively hope it drives down the cost of those apartments berlin needs more apartments for the productive part of the economy not for saudi princes and russian criminals to park their money in and leave empty . 
  yes . 
  read the article . 
  just a quick word as someone who lives in berlin `` luxury apartment '' just means investment vehicle . 
  the apartments around friedrichshain are just nice apartments with furniture included sold to foreign investors for buy to leave causing gentrification ( see the word spekulativ wohnungen aka speculative flats ) they are not homes . 
  germany has a general principle of housing as a right meaning they put human needs over property prices , or more precisely right to accomodation is enshrined in their constitution . 
  there are no people being booted on the street to make way for refugees as a lot of dale mailies in this thread seem to think . 
  how is killing people a sacred right you mentalist ? 
  didnt you read the word migrants ? 
  that means `` get hysterical and stop thinking about all sense of porportion '', 
  worth noting but a lot of `` luxury flats '' around friedrichshain sprung up only recently and are basically bought as investment vehichles by foreign investors in buy-to-leave type things . 
  they really are empty its just some saudi or chinese investor parking money . 
  im torn on it as berlin has a housing crisis atm but these `` luxury '' ( read furnished ) flats are just overpriced out of the range of berliners . 
  honestly one of the biggest problems in the uk is foreign investors buying up property and leaving it empty just bevause they know it will go up in value . 
  yet again germany seems to have quite sensible laws . 
  zero sympathy for buy to leave investors . 
  and trust me where i live in berlin over in friedrichshain ( area really getting done in by gentrification ) they absolutely hate property developers and people who buy property and leave it empty as an investment vehicle . 
  this wont affect normal people . 
  tl : dr the word spekulativ wohnungen in the article mea speculative flats . 
  these arent even spare homes . 
  theyre parasites on berlin in the first place . 
  in fairness you 'd struggle to even find that in berlin outside of teltow or somewhere known as cheap . 
  but airbnb makes them a lot of money most likely, 
  i 've not called anyone a racist . 
  i 'm just saying this is complete bollocks like me saying my face is made of ham or something . 
  there is no point other than `` why does everyone call me a racist if i 'm telling everyone that muslims are all rapist terrorists !!, 
  there are twenty million of them coming over here in the last 20 minutes without any checks '' i 'll be honest i 'm sick of linking to primary sources to point out they are exagerrated claims they 're parroting . 
  i 'll be honest be as racist as you want i tell racist jokes all the time but i 'm just sick of made-up shit so i 'm not engaging with it . 
  oh you were serious ... lol . 
  you seriously ca n't see what 's funny with someone saying '' `` le muslamic terrorists are mindless zombies and no need to look at the context , except teh ira terrorism because that 's ok if i look at the context up le ` ra ! '' . 
  of interest you are n't by any chance one of those hilarious americans who 's `` irish '' through their friends aunt twice removed cleaner being 1/32nd irish are you ? 
  for the purposes of the joke i 'm treating ireland as the whole place but that is correct , and i am avoiding the whole thing of if loyalist terrorists should be called british or northern irish etc is just a complete fucking mess to me . 
  although yeah , perhaps the british are also intrinsically fundamentalists terrorists as well we do after all live in a theocracy with a religious head of state . 
  banish the british from britain i say , they do n't fit here in britain . 
  holy shit guys this guy is insulting everyone disagreeing in caps he definitely knows what he 's talking about . 
  and now i 'm confused if you got the joke . 
  exactly mate it 's just science , you ca n't argue with that , guiness and potatoes makes people intrinsically inclined to secular violence . 
  i 'm just being a realist here we ca n't keep blaming partitioning or years of violence for the partition related violence , at some point the irish have to take responsibility for themselves and the violence in their culture and stop blaming britain for years of british violence . 
  let them have their culture but we should n't be letting irish people over here because otherwise they 'll start imposing their culture on us and the british will be binge drinking and eating fry-ups before you know it !, 
  so what the irish are also just intrinsically tuned to become terrorists by nature as well or was that also definitely not the fault of any outside influences or historical actions ? 
   a refugee is a person who is outside their home country because they have suffered ( or feared ) persecution on account of race , religion , nationality , or political opinion ; because they are a member of a persecuted social category of persons ; or because they are *** fleeing a war . 
  ** http://www.refugeecouncil.org.uk/policy_research/the_truth_about_asylum/the_facts_about_asylum apparently you are the one who did n't pay attention if you ca n't understand that an asylum seeker is someone applying for refugee status . 
  that 's really bizarre , is there any further explanation ? 
  as in they do n't want to move ? 
  they think germany is more welcoming or what ? 
  that seems completely mental without any surrounding context . 
  but yeah i do n't think anyones going to keep them here and we 'll see what happens when winter comes to germany . 
  the comments in here about `` economic migrants '' are pretty salty to read if i 'm honest glad to see right-wing propaganda working so well . 
  there would probably be a lot of jokes about dogging i 'm guessing . 
  what 's wrong with halal food ? 
  you never been to chicken cottage im guessing ? 
  clearly you 're new here . 
  what you do is we take the most extreme example we can find/that comes up in copy-pasta on 4 chan and then use that as our benchmark for everything and completely ignore real life . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  how to really get downvoted on reddit is pointing out that real life isnt the same as a stormfront message board would like it to be . 
  ah this again , someone gullible enough to fall for a conservative attack ad . 
  gon na have to get used to linking this i guess . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hozzf5xcdbm anyway to the second point , confronting islamism does n't mean the same thing as invading countries in the middle east . 
  your homogenous left seems to deliberately exclude all the feminism that opposes arranged marriage and huge amounts of islamic teachings where the religion enroaches on private life . 
  even if we were going to intervene in places we have to acknowledge why it is the way it is . 
  e.g your way would seem to imply we can have peace in israel without acknowleding where the grievances of palestinians come from or what effect we had on the process that created said grievances . 
  that 's just wilful stupidity . 
  i always thought that islamism is about islam as a political movement and not just a religion , removing that is surely just continuing secularism ? 
  lot of people jumping straight in on muslim conspiracies etc. 
  everyone always says the left is apologising and prostrating itself to the middle east are there actually examples of it ? 
  all i here in centre left circles is we should acknowledge that historical actions have consequences today and are a cause of a lot of issues . 
  which doesnt seem like apologies or a conspiracy to sell out the west but more an acknowledgement of reality .
