  there were definitely major issues with disenfranchisement of the north caused by years of under-investment at the government level . 
  our government blamed the eu , opportunists like bojo jumped on it along with the usual delusionals , and now we 'll likely make said issues you mentioned worse . 
  who genuinely believes they 're going to up investment in deprived manufacturing areas or re-train the left behinds that voted brexit ? 
  who genuinely thought that the eu was responsible for our over-concentration of investment in london ? 
  why does n't that happen in every other eu country ? 
  it 's not nice to be told but it 's dumb no matter how one crumbles the cookie . 
  as said the problem with the debate is n't pointing out the issues ( ironically enough also making a cartoon of the remain side ) . 
  the problem was that no-solution was put forward to actually deal with said problems and people allowed them to get away with it . 
  and the leaders knew that if they actually proposed a concrete idea like hard brexit they would 've been torn apart . 
  hence why it was everything to all people . 
  and also now that it 's won it 's become such a farce . 
  a farce which will likely continue to be blamed on the eu either not letting us brexit enough or being vindictive to us if we actually go full crazy . 
  i 'm super open to talk about the underlying issues ( i 'm fairly ambivalent and am actually a little bit glad we leave the politics stuff , i 'm in favour of an eea arrangement ) and have had lots of good convos in ukpolitics but when anything is met with `` reeeee we voted to leave ! '', 
  from the less informed wing of the brexit side and the identity politics types then i 'm just not bothered anymore outside of taking the piss . 
  * america , square your shit away , happy ? 
   i guess they 've stolen that condescending argument from the remain campaigners . 
  you can call it condescending but it seems to have been absolutely correct . 
  they assumed they could have all the benefits without actually participating fully . 
  likewise bojo banging on about us getting everything for free and not having to follow any of the rules or obligations , `` we 're special because le germans need to sell us cars '' . 
  how quickly did that bravado evaporate again remind me ? 
  few hours was n't it ? 
  at some point if someone does something stupid and is too stupid to see that not only that it 's a dumb idea but it is n't even going to achieve what they want ( or even worse , they do n't know what they want ) then condescending remarks are pretty much the only route left . 
  especially when any comment or facts like the above is met with `` reeeeee , we won , no more thinking about this '', 
  man the `` reeeee-ing '' from euro-nutters is hilarious . 
  its not serious people . 
  no-one is pumping out propaganda . 
  angela merkel is not going to break into your house and kick your dog . 
  chill the hell out seriously , get out of your basements . 
  yes because london is well known as a bunch of xenophobes . 
  real countries i think you mean . 
  they 're fortunate enough in the `` not tax evasion isles '' to get to free-ride for basic services . 
  i used to live in old hampshire ( aka hampshire ) , worked in old york and now i live in berlin germany . 
  and my parents live in norfolk now . 
  yes all of these are places in america . 
  usa square your shit away and make up your own fucking names, 
  arguably pretty much only games that we invented . 
  e.g football it 's a product of our seperate football associations not wanting to dissolve themselves for an english one . 
  likewise with rugby . 
  we wanted it , or at least our politicians did . 
  but the same people who voted out also voted in years and years of conservative and conservative light governments that kept it going and then blamed the eu for it when we always had the power to control it when it first started . 
  not to mention the fact that we had by far the best deal in the whole eu in terms of contributions and exemptions etc. 
  if you voted out then enjoy it , i 've already been in germany a couple years so if our economy goes full up the shitter i could n't give a crap . 
  but it remains extremely embarassing how gullible we look are that so many do n't have a clue what they were actually voting for . 
  people who genuinely understood the issues made the calculation and came down on leave , fine i can get it , but people like you who 've just misheard something from the sun blaming the eu for things their darling government friends did , the fact you 've clearly gobbled up the kool-aid , taken it as gospel and then bleat on about it here shows you are just too stupid a person for a democracy to function correctly . 
  now stop bleating about it and trying to justify your crappy decisions on irrelevant topics you `` won '' and you still are n't happy and you 're still bleating about the eu . 
  in fairness , cornwall and devon they 'd probably have a point . 
  why exactly ? 
  gaellics a second language that was nearly dead a few years back . 
  by all rights wales , scotland and canada should also all be pissed off as countries with distinct secondary languages while still working mainly in english . 
  not skin off anyones teeth but just seems a strange anomaly is all . 
  do people in roi genuinely not think of themselves as part of the english speaking world ? 
  the eu commission is a country now ? 
  commisania or something ? 
  maybe in your world . 
  in the meantime it 's just a positive thing reflecting the achievements of a whole continent . 
  rather taking a lot of credit from team gb but not going to bedgrudge them it , in the same way that i would n't begrudge the us celebrating their success . 
  now listen mate , let me tell you this is a good thing ... because ... err ... sovereignty and stuff ... 
  in seriousness , so much schadenfreude sat here in berlin watching my student loan cost less and less and less . 
  and i 've largely given up on trying to explain why bad economic figures are a bad thing to the `` sovrentrey '' types . 
  it will make a difference eventually , import costs are up 6.5 % with margins really low already in the uk that moneys going to have to appear somewhere in a very import heavy economy . 
   do n't be surprised that people begin assuming it 's this group doing it each time before details come out . 
  i 'm not at all surprised . 
  but people assuming a race , motive and religion before the police have even investigated let alone released details leads us down this silly path where a german-iranian neo-nazi goes and shoots people and people are still twisting into circles to claim it 's a refugee acting for isis . 
  as said there 's a huge seperation between co-ordinated is attacks in paris and brussels vs deluded lone wolves who is claims vs non-related attacks . 
  lumping them all together and blaming `` refugees '' when they were pretty much all 2/3 gen citizens except for the one guy who blew himself up at a festival and only killed himself is just shitty analysis that does n't achieve anything . 
  these are all different problems and it 's smarter to consider them as such when you honestly want to talk about it . 
  it 's as dumb as when people just say `` refugees '' as a blanket group without considering the seperate crises of syrian refugees versus economic migrants vs genuine refugees from other countries with conflicts, 
  2 & 3 would be way more effective though and that does n't put us into the messy area of internet censorship or the arguments about what constitutes extremism . 
  you carry out 2 & 3 effectively you do more for the source of 1 . 
  5 is kind of infeasible as we again go down the road of state approved forms of religion without a lot of shit going down . 
  as said targeted action is way more effective strategically than broad nets . 
  the conversation is pretty clearly finding ways to say `` oh well the guy was n't really white '' . 
  despite the lack of evidence one way or another . 
  this is the usual thing of people champing at the bit for a good rant about le muslamic filth and another round of `` kick out all the muslims '' . 
  i 'm just making a joke about it because this is what always happens recently here when ever we hear of any violent incident and its amusingly predictable now . 
  because `` no true white person '' would commit terrorism . 
  the biggest evidence i guess is that the `` gun runners '' themselves admitted to not being pros . 
  that and they seem to be looking at taking it to court which seems to be evidence of at least some confidence . 
  yeah the embarassement is pretty bad . 
  i 'm over it now , i voted remain and i have evidence to prove it . 
  after that point i 'm skilled at making people laugh with it now while silently dying of embarrasement at how thick we look on the inside . 
  problem there is that was complete bullshit sorry :p did n't stop it getting quoted at me in the referendum campaign though . 
  in seriousness as someone living in de too , if you already live here . 
  the chances of you getting deported are infintesimal . 
  a lot of stuff will have to go wrong first for things to get to that stage . 
  for starters get to 5 years and you got residency anyway . 
  when do 3 & 4 & online actually put out mainstream news ? 
  ca n't say i follow them a lot if honest outside a couple of documentaries on 4 etc. 
  and i certainly ca n't recall any consistent repeated lies on the scale of `` eu muslims '' or `` romanians are criminals '' in terms of consistent narratives which is my biggest concern . 
  we already have national security defences like this though . 
  and if the press actually had hard evidence like this that they 're certain of then they can still publish it . 
  they 'll still be at risk of national security laws ( see the snowden/greenwald stuff ) under the existing system anyway . 
  problem at the moment is people good enough to publish stuff like this also check their sources extensively rather than just publishing stuff to confirm peoples prejudices stoking prejudices and manipulating our democracy at the price of `` oops we made that up '' in tiny letters a week later on the back page . 
  cool song i guess ? ... little bit tangential to the question though . 
  if i 'm honest it 's the us i 'm looking at and worrying we could end up as . 
  freedom of speech is great until no-one has a right of reply against loud shameless idiots because they get all the media time to tell everyone to shoot anyone who disagrees . 
  if we did n't have the bbc or channel 4 pretty much every major media outlet would have spouted some major bullshit in the last few months completely consequence free . 
  you seem extremely certain on this . 
  what 's so bad about a `` we lied '' sticker ? 
  all that has to be proved is that they did n't deliberately print a misleading story .
