  2 ) is always going to be a problem in any city but i think it and 3 ) are exacerbated by the the problem mentioned in 1 ) . 
  we give too much money and credit to people for what i call `` property nontrepeneurship '' which is just buying a house , sitting on it climbing in value on top of a distorted capital market and then claiming the mortage as a business expense for rental putting them at an advantage against owner-occupiers . 
  the other part is we need to introduce rental regulations . 
  we 've always not bothered because people who rent were always `` the poor '' so no-one gave a fuck . 
  but now that everyone young has to rent and this will likely continue , we need to stamp out a two-tier system finally . 
  depends on the company hugely and if they 're working with dach markets alone or internationally . 
  but yes there are people where the main working language is english ( granted i 'm not so sure on finance i dont work there myself ) . 
  in besonders a lot of internet/tech type companies are english as main language/everyone will speak it . 
  for finance im not sure if you mean `` english speakers '' as in `` know english as second language '' or `` english is main working language '' but the latter would seem surprising if not impossible for a german financial/investment company , e.g back office , tech type stuff . 
  i had a crap tourist level would be the best description when i arrived ( hallo , ich m\u00f6chte etc etc ) but i was very commited to not speaking english and being lazy and now i can lead a meeting in ( heavily english accented ) german about two years later . 
  i had work experience for a month in germany in a town council and an ex who was german decided i wanted to go to germany , applied and then got offered a traineeship in data analysis & marketing and that was it . 
  it was a very strange process that sort of came out of nowhere if im honest i just decided i liked germany better after various experiences of people and the aforementioned work experience as a `` toe dipping '' exercise . 
  possibly worth noting some advice i give to everyone who 's thinking of coming is that while you can sorta get by like a tourist without german , and many of colleagues at a professional company will speak english , it will create nightmares with dealing with bureaucracy , getting a flat ( many estate agents do n't speak english ) and all the usual day to day hassle you dont even think about when everyone speaks english . 
  i 'm not against people making money . 
  but my main criticism is that if there 's even the slightest talk of something like minimum assured tenancy notice periods , security for families or slight rent controls then its just a huge `` waaaahh ! '', 
  coming from exactly like the people above , large letting agencies and the usual christmas voting turkey types . 
  similar to unions , a very small tipping of the scale slightly towards equality of power between tenants and landlords is treated as a full on communist revolution . 
  that 's why we ca n't have a nice country in the uk despite having all the ingredients there . 
  and i hope more skilled young british workers move abroad and create a crisis in the tax base . 
  indeed i never get this , london has pretty much as close to a free market as possible for rental pricing and the stock is shit , there 's nothing stopping landlords splitting rooms in two for more income apart from some very bare minimum standards . 
  the incentive in germany is you can raise rents higher if you renovate a property to a modern standard which gives an incentive . 
  combine this with size regulations etc , small regulations , but it has a big effect . 
  i 'm not against people making money at all , but its making money for nothing and slumlord behaviour that i think should be discouraged by making them less profitable than not being an asshole . 
  they 're all fun places . 
  i basically flipped a coin between offers in berlin and hamburg and ended up in berlin , but wherever you go you 'll enjoy it ( cologne i was a big fan of too ) . 
  although munich as cliche as it is to say , is extremely germanic to the point of hilarious cliche sometimes . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  i 'm just taking the averages though as those top/mid level people will still be paying higher prices and affecting the flat prices in a trickle down effect . 
  i already did , move to germany , my current situation i 'd be living in a pokey flat-share in london in my current job . 
  here on an equivalent salary i can live on my own in a spacious 60 sqm flat and afford to actually do things . 
  add in better working rights and tenants rights and its kind of like a sensible version of the uk that is n't shit to be young and working in . 
  i agree i do n't know how it can sustain itself and i dont know why anyone would set up a company with offices in london at the moment . 
  i 'm sort of waiting and hoping for a crash and for all the property companies to lose their money and then we can start rebuilding a proper productive economy again . 
  no i like it . 
  i think it 's an extremely modest measure in terms of effects on the landlord/property company . 
  while having extremely large positive effects both for the actual people renting and for the wider community . 
  i 'm very positive about it as it 's a small concession against complete unrestrained free markets . 
  it 's telling how much yowling there is though at even a very diluted version of rent controls . 
  i never get this shortage thing . 
  if rent controls are introduced do people just start demoloshing the flats because they 're making 1 % less a year than they would normally ? 
  ok more people can afford the property so there 's more competition but i feel that 's a preferable situation to a load of people just being completely priced out and it keeps more money in the productive part of the economy that is n't sponging off of the rest of it . 
  pay is also lower outside of london though so those figures as a percentage do n't really change a huge amount for percentage of income . 
  some people like having a job though . 
  in particular a lot of professional fields are nearly entirely concentrated in london . 
  hence the chicken egg effect of economic concentration  job concentration  high demand  economic concentration ... 
  as said above , people who generate their income from house price inflation and renting are the ones against this . 
  they also tend to have money to convince idiots . 
  e.g according to my friends at home where i am in berlin everyone is homeless due to rent controls and it 's become a mad max style wasteland . 
  in reality all it is is that a cash-cow business has to endure a slightly lower increase in year on year growth . 
  meanwhile the economy does n't have all disposable income sucked out of it and the quality of life is higher . 
  and crap in terms of build quality and space and you have no tenant protections . 
  i love being british but screw living there , love living in germany . 
  our economy in the uk is based on people buying houses and ripping off the 80 % of the population and hoping for growth to make said houses worth more . 
  extremely irritating that i agree with him so much as someone pro-eu/don ' t think it 's the fourth reich . 
  he 's like the sensible politicians we do n't have on so many issues . 
  before posting a link from an independent fact-checking organisation about how the department and the issue works i should learn how the department works ? 
  care to enlighten me on where i should be getting this superior information ? 
  as far as i can tell from a google of `` european court of auditors corruption '' the problem they have ( and that is outlined in the factcheck link ) is they set a ridiculous standard for signing off on accounts fully . 
  actually a significantly higher standard than our own government in the uk . 
  ah i thought it was a translation of strength through unity which would , come to think of it , be pretty chilling . 
  pretty sure the first part 's been fact-checked/dispelled as a distortion on a few occassions now . 
  and by that i mean it 's been pumped out as a classic euro-myth for years now . 
  im waiting for that old copypasta about how the eu will speak english but wiv slow and very zubtle modifications until it zounds a bit like zis . 
  edit : a-ha http://www.davidpbrown.co.uk/jokes/european-commission.html, 
  who was talking about corruption and weapons deals ? 
  my theory on this is a lot of germanys `` muslim '' community are turks who are familiar with the pre erdogan turkish society that is far more moderate and secular . 
  ataturk had a large effect on turkish society and he 's why turkey was being very seriously considered for eu membership until the nutters took over . 
  i think the statistics on economic productivity , huge levels off exports ( germany in particular ) and high per person wealth would say you are talking out your arse because you dont want to talk about the actual point . 
  it 's ok you can have bush clinton bush obama clinton which then makes the anagram most blob cabs hint union lunch . 
  see its all worth it ? 
  ( i was being sarcastic hence why i emphasise the fact im taking advantage of free movement ), 
  in seriousness did n't pretty much every german chemical company have some involvement with ig farben in some way ? 
  although as a brit what i should be saying is `` and what did the eu ever do for us ?! '', 
  ( despite typing this as an immigrant from a german office in germany ), 
  having served i 'll have you know most of it was boredom , naked shower games and masturbating onto radiators in bunkers to annoy the guy on stag after you . 
  you can see catterick town centre on a saturday night to see what type of serious mature people military service creates . 
  in seriousness the general consensus on compulsory military service is the army is a professional fighting force , not a dumping ground for every single numb nut and lazy scrote to please the daily mail . 
  it gives a chance to people who are n't the brightest but they have to work for it . 
  no-one likes the idea of dragging around some dickhead who does n't want to be there and get himself sick because of poor hygiene and discipline . 
  i 'd argue as magna carta was largely ignored in the mid-term anyway i 'd say that it 's a more important event in world history in creating the ideas than actually directly important in british history . 
  it 's definitely an important historical event . 
  but i 'd argue something like 1066 and the subsequent creation of a single governed area or something like the abolishment of land ownership requirements for the vote that had a real dramatic effect that led to our current state . 
  2 $ because it 's the most money . 
  / thread, 
  the numbers say otherwise . 
  anyway youre here to insult and patronise and cherry pick so have fun by yourself `` buddy '' . 
  again youre just insulting people and getting angry with them and downvoting them for disagreeing . 
  you arent here to discuss i think we all know now . 
  a ) youre wrong b ) dont use insults because people disagree with your selective history . 
  c ) doofus ... what is this a 1993 fraternity film or something ? 
  im confused you laugh at the colonial argument then seem to be using two ex-colonies as an example ? 
  5million british people living in constituencies the same as the others ? 
  why do we freak out so much when its people who arent us in the south of england having power ? 
  are we scared they treat us like we treat them normally ? 
  if you want to actually live functionally here you absolutely do . 
  stuff like renting flat as hauptmieter or registration will always be in german/made massively more complicated by not knowing it decently . 
  even in berlin ( where i live and work ) and places people like to say all speak english . 
  its fine for tourism type stuff but not long term if you think about things you have to do in the uk to have a normal life ( think phone contracts , internet , govt registration , tax etc etc ) . 
  the other thing im curious about here is what the split of professional brits working abroad in office type jobs etc against the ones that are just working in bars/club prs etc. 
  i have a feeling the second type makes up a large porportion of these half million in spain on a seasonal basis .
