  and i 'll leave that there for you seeing as it was the guy with trained operartors of chemical weapons and that they were deployed in a way consistent with military tactics on a civilian population . 
  man i was like 12 then and i remember the bush blair memes . 
  course back in my day they werent called memes . 
  ( 27 years and i already get to say that ), 
  you laugh . 
  idiots will fall for it . 
  see also : fair and balanced . 
  and for the scottish they 'd be reopening free trade with the rest of europe and all of the existing trade deals that the eu has that england will have to do . 
  as you already know there are plenty of controls on immmigration for people who commit crime or dont work . 
  the uk did n't enforce them and that 's our fault , it 'd be up to any independent scottish government if they 're going to do it . 
   they would also have to deal with the 15 billion deficit and their share of uk debt along with inventing their own currency and even more austerity if they want to eventually join the euro which is now a must if they want to join the eu . 
  and we 'll likely have existing shares of commitments from the eu . 
   no problem with them going england would benefit long term going it 's own way and getting rid of the economic drain from the rest of the uk . 
  i do n't go on about this so much but if there is another referendum and you 're arguing with a scottish nationalist expect to be slapped with `` it 's not about the money , it 's about the sovereignty '' . 
  whenever you try and deploy anything like this . 
  as said both brexit/english nationalism and scottish nationalism are chock full of `` if x and y come together on a full moon then we can do z '' or massively over-stated benefits that completely ignore the costs . 
  so enjoy arguing with that . 
  i know the rest of us who are n't off in la-la land in either direction did n't enjoy having every sourced fact met with `` well that 's biased anyway '' . 
  not now god no . 
  but way way way earlier in the conflict a ) when assad started machine gunning protesting crowds b ) when chemical weapons were first used ( that was more obamas fault i guess ) . 
  i hate to blame the russians but i remember at that time loads of stuff being pumped out from russia today that obfuscated if it was the assad government doing it or not which kind of diverted the point from `` chemical weapons are being used this has gone too far and needs to stop '' to `` but what if it 's a false flag !? '' . 
  likely would 've been a shit show either way but i think uk/us guarded safe zones and a no fly zone would 've stopped the refugee crisis spilling into europe if done early on . 
  at this point in time , there is no-one whos right to bomb and russia has already decided to win the war for assad . 
  at this point it 's just trying and keep the civilians alive and hope as many global jihadis die as possible . 
  depends on your definition of legs . 
  isis was a major ground holding military force a year or two ago . 
  now it is holding some ground barely . 
  it 'll disintegrate into something more akin to al-qaeda eventually ( which may actually be worse for a while ) . 
  trump will take credit for it of course but it 's not just happened randomly overnight . 
  also obligatory plug for r/syriancivilwar one of the best sub reddits going on middle eastern politics at the moment . 
  brexit itself is n't that interesting no . 
  if it had just been boris johnson etc on his own then it 'd have been quite dull . 
  the problem is the kind of people who it gave a voice to in the uk , the fact that the racists took it as an endorsment and the encouragement given to breitbart and various far-right organisations and all of the anti-muslim rhetoric mixed in with it that had to be tolerated for the campaign to win was the problem . 
  e.g if a brexit had been passed as a parliamentary motion one day without the referendum campaign then there would 've been outcry from proper europhiles for a week or two and then it would 've been done ( especially if we 'd still been in the single market ) . 
  barely anyone even cared about the eu let alone know what it actually does in practical terms . 
  the anger is over the culture war that 's been opened up and the grievances from the campaign . 
  loads of lefties are pro-eu but do n't know what the single market is and how it is n't left wing but the right are against it , and loads of people on the right say they want funding for the north , muslims out blahdeblah and stuff that has nothing to do with the eu just they know that it triggers the left . 
  as it is now having had this huge referendum campaign and two years of breitbart and the daily mail pumping racist bullshit out is what was actually poisonous and caused this whole `` traitors '' type of dialogue against anyone who says critical which is perceived to be `` against the people '' . 
  and then of course there 's a reaction back and there are now huge grievances that will take years to be solved . 
  personally i actually think that was a poor decision made without thinking it through because guilty mps were compensating for their failure to think in the build-up to the iraq war was and the need for politicians to make a big political stand and `` not do that again '' . 
  + not wanting to be seen as a poodle again . 
  without actually thinking of the immediacy of the threat to civilians ( and despite attempts to rewrite history the protests at the start were unarmed moderates ) nor did they think of what a full on war would do because `` that 's not our problem '' . 
  on the other hand that situation likely happened because of the iraq invasion so i 'd leave playing counter-history to the historians . 
  what 's done is done now . 
  see what happened with syria ( leaving aside moral judgements on if non-intervention was a good thing or a bad thing ) when the british do n't go along with us interventions . 
  without another `` major '' country that has an actual war-fighting army there then you ca n't call it a `` coalition of the willing '' or whatever santised phraseology you want to chuck on it . 
   btw , is n't he australian ? 
  oh he 's whatever country he wants to be . 
  but of course brexiters love him because he 's anti-globalist ... do n't even bother trying to wrap your head around that . 
  love you too . 
  because after a while when you hear the same arguments spouted direct from the daily mail but no-one can actually explain how they make sense ( e.g it 's not about immigration ... but it is about immigration if anyone talks about soft brexits ) then you begin to suspect that people are just in a culture war and not actually in a pragmatic consideration of the upsides and downsides . 
  especially having been called a traitorous remoaner for daring to be on hand with sources on why leaving the eu will do bugger all for council cuts or non-eu immigration then i 'm of the opinion that i 'm just going to call a spade a spade and and when people say dumb things i will call them dumb . 
  and as said at the moment when the same politicians who love brexit so much because of sovereignty because they feel they are n't represented are also against scotland wanting sovereignty when they are arguably even less represented at the country level than the uk is at the european level ... then i 'm going to have some sympathy for the scots seeing as they got lied to . 
  the spectator and the daily mail and pretty much every conservative publication were both pro-brexit and are also constantly mocking of any ideas of nicola sturgeon when she said she wanted a say and now they are even more angry and contemptuous of her and `` the lazy scots '' when she 's saying `` welp we are n't being represented so we want to leave '' . 
  hell go look in r/ukpolitics at anything mentioning nicola sturgeon mocking their emotional non-facts based approach then watch the same people talking about `` its not about money its about sovereignty '' in a thread about brexit . 
  as said i 'm just laughing at the biggest deployers of irrational arguments now getting angry at people doing the same thing . 
  it really is , the spectator , daily mail , conservative publications and thinkers are all the same people pushing this mocking of the idea of scottish people having a referendum as if the world only bends to them while simueltaneously pushing complete bollocks on brexit . 
  it 's reactionaries in the uk generally who are just taking their lines from the usual places . 
  this is ideological for them as if the scottish leave it 's a big rejection that they represent `` the will of the people '' . 
   that more people were pushing the truth than just brexiters . 
  and yet no-one ever sources anything other than `` hah the economys not collapsed yet therefore they were lying ( and not making a prediction based on assumptions that have n't passed yet ) '' . 
  no i 'm just laughing at the hypocrisy of the liars . 
  i hated post-fact politics then and i hate it now . 
  but they opened pandoras box with their dishonesty . 
  and i did n't say you . 
  i 'm sorry but we just had the last two years of brexiters telling everyone the eu is an apocalyptic hell-hole with rampaging muslims and everyones living in poverty . 
  the idea of anyone that anyone who 's going to oppose this who supported brexit saying `` oooh you guys are exaggerating for politically expedient reasons how about some perspective and rationality '' is just side-splittingly funny . 
  if the scottish nationalists are smart then they 'll just copy and paste every argument brexiters made against looking at things rationally and with a sense of balance whenever anyone criticises them . 
  project fear . 
  this is about sovrunty, 
  i heavily disagree with scottish nationalism and think it was as post-fact a movement as brexit . 
  but i 'm laughing at brexiters who 've opened the pandoras box of making shit up and talking about sovereignty etc. 
  but are now thinking that getting angry at scottish people for daring to think the same thoughts as brexiters is outrageous . 
  and actually scottish independence at least has an actual 300-400 page plan . 
  `` but there is n't a majority in polling ! '', 
  well brexit never had a majority for 40 years or so either . 
  there is no argument brexit fans can deploy against scottish nationalism that was n't deployed by english nationalists in brexit . 
  i 'd go for it . 
  i do n't like it at all as a brit but i 'd vote out if i was scottish under current circumstances rather than be dragged down with a uk that was already lurching towards irrational politics way before brexit . 
  not getting at you but in those times we were - doing something extremely stupid that everyone informed warned was stupid and based on made-up information by people with an agenda , - acting as a poodle for a globally unpopular us president , - destabilising global politics , - pissing off european allies , which was also being mocked as ineffectual and weak . 
  - a majority of the population and the media was calling anyone who spoke up against irrationality traitors , - both labour and the conservatives were just going along with it blindly and the lib dems were being laughed at for opposing it . 
  there 's certainly a hint of familiarity to all of this is all i 'm saying ... [ here 's the polling from back then ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2015/06/03/remembering-iraq/ ) . 
  here 's a couple of nice headlines that you could pretty much ctrl-replace muslims and get the same thing of stereotyping based on finding any examples you can . 
  as said polish people and eastern europeans were in the same position as muslims before and it 's laughable that some are now the ones banging on about muslims based off of what the right wing media says when the right wing media and their `` friends '' on the right wing fucking hated them before . 
  [ ` polish borat ' claims groping women is normal in eastern europe ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-415128/polish-borat-claims-groping-women-normal-eastern-europe.html ) [ britain is country of choice for many `` feckless '' poles ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-415147/britain-country-choice-feckless-poles.html ) [ migrants sending more than 1m child benefits to eastern europe every month ] ( http://www.standard.co.uk/news/migrants-sending-more-than-1m-of-child-benefits-home-to-eastern-europe-every-month-6654021.html ) bonus : here is a stormfront thread talking about the first article and making the same jokes about '' ** cultural enrichment ** '' that the alt-right make today about muslims [ here ] ( https://www.stormfront.org/forum/t340043/ ), 
  i can pull out plenty of statistics from shit media and the bnp websites and similar sources from way back about how `` them poles '' are doing evil shit too . 
  probs can find polls saying `` the british want to polish immigrants '' too . 
  hell my family had polish gangs burgling our street regularly early 2000s growing up . 
  ive actually got more experience of polish crime than muslim crime personally and i live in a `` breitbart sharia law no go zone muslim area '' of berlin . 
  but im just laughing at the fact that polish people were on the other end of the witchhunt years before and i remember pointing out that these racial stats were bollocks then too . 
  `` but this time its different '' lol . 
  get some self awareness jesus . 
  tell you my main point . 
  i spent fucking ages calling out bullshit from my parents and on people who at the time treated `` them polish '' exactly the same as people treat muslims now . 
  back then the daily mail also had them as feral robbers and criminals who were going to take over . 
  and the fact that someone with a polish flag isnt having some self awareness on what stereotyping causes is hilarious.when you say `` oh but this time its different because the tabloids and shit media must be correct '' just think about how you sound . 
  so just to confirm wouldnt want me to go off of what tabloids , racists , and shit media say about `` the poles '' for my stereotype because thats a bit unfair ? 
  well poland is one of the most homophobic countries in europe . 
  by the same logic as is going on here we should probably ban all polish people seeing as the daily mail told me they just to take benefits and they 're all homophobes . 
  i personally do n't want a straight ban as it 's illogical and i disagree with anything based on identity politics .
