  oh wow a hugely misquoted anecdote on immigration . 
  what a shock to see that here . 
  put them in jail/detain them till they remember seems fair enough . 
  that or flip a coin and send them to a random choice of warzones . 
  thats well and good but if the industry isnt there to provide the links with education and theres nowhere for these apprentices to go then its more of a statistical shunt to get people off the unemployed stats . 
  was going to say our apprenticeships are another example of taking something shitty and putting a nice name on it that people agree with . 
  in this case wage undercutting with `` apprenticeship '' which implies training and progression in the future . 
  just like our `` living wage '' that is nothing of the sort . 
  if i 'm honest as a brit living in germany i 'd argue we 're extremely similar in economic and political terms . 
  the concern is that germany will become neo-liberally fundamentalist like the uk has and translate that into europe as a whole pushing down living standards for us plebs . 
  ah that 's a very interesting phrase actually . 
  terminal 2 ? 
  i found that there was a lot more testing of stuff on an easier academic level when i was on an exchange year in the us at one state college for a semester and another semester at an ivy league college . 
  like i say i think you do actually learn a lot more . 
  i know there 's something to be said in `` independent learning '' etc. 
  but it does open the door to '' crap out the essay in an evening and cram for the end of year exams '' . 
  as said i agree , but most of those `` radical '' things i agree with . 
  but just on foreign policy he really is coming out with complete clangers constantly . 
  ( out of curiosity i have n't actually heard anything from shadow foreign secretary or minister of defence as far as i know , do n't even know who they are yet ) . 
  it 's not a deal breaker for me as i do n't think he 'll actually go through a lot of it , e.g how he was out-voted on trident scrapping the other day . 
  but a lot of this stuff is quite populist without being at all sensible , which are n't necessarily in conflict all the time . 
  but for instance `` we should n't use the military ever '' just is n't a sensible approach even if it sounds non-objectionable enough to most people ( who are n't really interested in the finer points of foreign policy ) and really pleases the pacifists . 
  absolutely agree . 
  i 'm very pro-corbyn but i really think he needs to just leave foreign policy to others he keeps tripping himself up saying stupid shit on this that 's distracting to the main things he 's campaigning for as well as being stupid . 
  my advice is read those big words right to left . 
  also if its any consolation that law doesnt exist now so the word has ceased to be . 
  germans got a lot of unfair stereotypes in my experience as a brit living in gemany who brings them up all the time . 
  well as the article said hes palestinian then he clearly hasnt been pretending . 
  that and he 's been rejected . 
  but hey lets assume away . 
  yeah . 
  and this guy got denied it . 
  probs a good decision . 
  i agree with this policy very strongly myself as well ( surprisingly i absolutely despise camerons government 90 % of the time ) . 
  perhaps it 's my british attitude to queueing but this thing of allowing bullshitters and chancers , the rich and the pushy to get an advantage on the honest . 
  is guranteed to put a disadvantage on exactly the people that we need to help . 
  and put increased money into the hand 's of people smugglers and others who we should n't be funding . 
  i 'm not going to freak out so much about people who are here illegally now ( spilt milk etc ) but we should n't be encouraging it at all and we should be deporting those making the journey illegally soon to stop any incentives . 
   if the approval process gets dragged out too long that 's a problem of course . 
  then you 're not allowed to work , and people give you shit for being a freeloader , even if you would want to work . 
  indeed , the if part of that is the biggest problem certainly in the uk . 
  change if to a when and that 's a source of a lot of our own stereotypes in the uk . 
  ok just before we go-on say young people what do you actually mean here ? 
  teenagers or people between 21-30 or so ? 
  it just seems extremely brave to say that somehow people are n't productive until 30-40 . 
  granted i work in data and computing where the average age is probably about 28 so perhaps its unrepresentative . 
  but even at the aforementioned large cap companies it 's people between 21-30 doing the bulk of the actual work outside of strategy that increases the productivity of the `` grunt '' work . 
  because no-one would then use that to deny german people legal rights or attempt to justify treating them as sub-humans . 
  newspeak = / = being called out for wide sweeping judgements . 
  you 'd be screaming about lack of logic if i was to say you 're bulgarian and therefore more likely to molest children , cheat on welfare in the uk , or commit crime . 
  so treat other 's as you 'd like to be treated . 
  trust me there are enough negative stereotypes about bulgarians in the uk based on moronic preconceptions that have to be challenged constantly . 
   it wo n't solve any demographic issues , young people are expensive and have little to offer in the modern economy . 
  people in their 30s/40s are in their economic prime . 
  most of the refugees may be young , they 're still too old to learn much . 
  ermm this is a bit of a brave judgement is n't it ? 
  i would take a look at the average age of a tech-start-up or the people doing the grunt work at most investment banks and law firms . 
  they are n't allowed to work though . 
  so you 're basically proposing starving them and seeing what happens . 
  wait what ? 
  a sense of porportion in r/europe ? 
  ca n't be having that you maniac refugee lover ( aka , non hysterical ) . 
  as we all know in germany we already live under sharia law . 
  why i walked to work in berlin through kreuzberg and i was beheaded 3 times on a twenty minute walk for not praying to mecca . 
  did n't realise at all , rarely shop at aldi , cheers for info . 
  clearly what we should do is follow exactly what the uk demands and let the uk block any movement towards any unified army or border force . 
  and then we complain that the eu is weak on security and border protection . 
  i think those are very extreme cases . 
  people are continuing to use the single market and eu interchangeably . 
  the treasury reports for an eea type deal which was their best case scenario actually only puts a marginal cut in long term prospects . 
  either way i voted remain but this simply can not continue long term , not viable . 
  the only way out of this prperly is the elimination of post-fact politics and this obsession with polish people on one side . 
  and the proper deportation of people not working in the uk and committing crime on the other side of it . 
  aka enforce our own rules properly . 
  as said your case is an if not a when . 
  as far as i can see most mps recognise the dangers of stopping a brexit and disregarding 52 % of the country . 
  however recognising brexit and then injecting some reality into proceedings is the big issue here rather than just let david davis say stupid delusional shit unchallenged then he goes into negotiations and gets sparked the fuck out by the reality of the situation that we 're in . 
  except no-one is saying that . 
  its just `` leave the eu '' is n't a blank cheque to impose ukips manifesto of hard brexit that only half of half of the country wants . 
  brexit is not a blank cheque to do whatever you want . 
  especially if what you 're wanting is going to get thunderslapped down by the eu in a negotiation . 
  run the campaign in a post-fact way fine , whatever but now they have to put forward what they want not just say `` brexit means brexit '' that is n't acceptable anymore . 
  they set themselves up for this by not specifying anything in the campaign so they 've only themselves to blame . 
  it means the bill allowing the triggering of article 50 will require clauses on what the government is actually going for . 
  basically they do n't have a blank cheque for some full retard brexit . 
  nothing more than that . 
  people saying that it somehow stops brexit on both sides are wrong . 
   if any of our leaders had an ounce of pragmatism among them this would have happened a year ago and we would n't be where we are today . 
  as said though , this is denialism . 
  this is like someone in the us asking to compromise on freedom of speech . 
  if you do n't know why the single market requires the four freedoms then that is your own fault and you need to understand why to understand why they 're not going to compromise . 
  especially as they 're the ones who will be in control of the deal . 
  `` know your enemy '' is the rule here . 
  now to actual compromise and what we can do . 
  a ) we did a poor job in the uk of deporting criminals and people who just claim benefits even though we are entitled to . 
  b ) non-eu migration , we did fuck all on it and then blamed the eu for it . 
  the government wants it . 
  then the government did n't take the increased tax income and spend it on infrastructure they spent it on tax-cuts . 
  again our fault . 
  it 's not sustainable as you say , but that is n't the eus fault .
