  used to work with this stuff in a spell at viacom and the main issue here is neither the eu or netflix but to do with the rights holders not wanting to work with netflix if they cant also make money from selling to different countries within the eu through tv advertising . 
  not sure if there really is any specific person to blame there or even if it 's really protectionism or liberalisation depending which way you look at it . 
   primacy of eu law is much more extreme than this . 
  for example , the uk is forced to comply with eu law relating to netflix content . 
  in the eu we have no ability whatsoever to ignore this law . 
  the eu law is supreme , whatever our own parliament says . 
  what part of voluntary agreement do you not understand ? 
  we can ignore it if we want but then we lose the benefits of free trade in the single market . 
  parliament was and is free to vote to trigger article 50 anytime . 
  the single market is very little more than an extremely deep and comprehensive trade deal between a load of countries at brass tacks . 
   by leaving the eu we can have much more trade liberalisation . 
  inside the eu we are forced to adopt the eu 's protectionism . 
  absolutely 0 chance , we can unilaterally lower our trade barriers but the rest of the world is far more protectionist than being in the single market and they have no obligation to open up their markets if it is n't going to benefit them . 
  as said earlier if we ever end up in the situation of being in some global free trade libertarian paradise then this argument will be a good one . 
  for the moment though the single market memebership is as close as we get in reality ( especially if we stay in single market and make our own trade deals too ) . 
   eu law is protectionist every country in the world has tarrifs on people outside of their market . 
  when the eu does it it 's protectionism now ? 
  what do you mean protectionism specifically here outside of truisms ? 
   australia and new zealand both allow capital to move freely between their countries , hence freedom . 
  citation needed . 
  where is a provision for ongoing freedom of capital ? 
  where is the proof of their open skies initiative etc etc. 
  their markets are not as integrated as the single market . 
  simple fact . 
  hence why they also say they need more integration . 
  you 've already been wrong on australia and new zealand magically having free trade completely voluntarily without agreements so i wo n't hold my breath on evidence that they 're magically more integrated than a single market without even knowing it themselves . 
   no you ca n't . 
  no other legal system has primacy over uk law in the way that eu law does . 
  ... we 're not in any other single markets either . 
  but for example any trade agreement with the us with an investor arbitration committee of any sort will have supremacy while we continue to agree to be bound by it . 
   no they do n't . 
  there is no such thing as cer law . 
  yes there is it 's a trade agreement . 
  australia and new zealand are not sovereign to re-introduce tarrifs or limit market freedoms without violating the law of the agreement . 
  they will either have to leave the agreement incurring the consequence or renegotiate it . 
  exactly the same the uk is now doing the former with the eu . 
  you 're simueltaneously arguing for more trade liberalisation while also arguing against the nature and the practice of the agreements and compromises that make them possible and sustainable long-term . 
   you made a claim that capital can not freely move between australia and new zealand . 
  it ca n't , there is no common agreement on it , if australia wants to ban new zealand dollars being used tommorow or whatever then there is nothing to it . 
  hence not freedom . 
   i am talking about the primacy of eu law . 
  it is clear from your post that you are not familiar with what this concept means . 
  now that we are leaving the eu , eu law will no longer have primacy . 
  yes which is part of an agreement that we come to as part of liberalisation of trade with other european countries . 
  you can say primacy of '' * insert name * '' law about any single agreement that countries come to , hell fuck it you can talk about primacy of gym law when you sign up to a gym and agree to pay the subs and not shit on the carpet etc. 
  however the fact remains it 's meaningless talking about legal supremacy in the context of an agreement not backed by sovereignty . 
  in your proposed system where an agreements rules are n't superior then you have no meaningful agreement that can last longer than a new government or head of state or a pinky swear . 
  hence why australia and new zealand also have `` primacy of cer law '' while they remain signatories to their trade deal . 
   citation needed . 
  how can i cite something that does n't exist ? 
  it is n't in their agreement , same as open skies or any of the other things mentioned do n't exist in the trade agreement either . 
  you made the claim that australia and new zealand are more integrated than the worlds closest thing to a supranational single economic market where 's your citation ? 
   eu law having primacy over uk law does not benefit the uk which is exactly why we are leaving . 
  leaving aside the done to death argument on what the benefits are of leaving the eu you have to answer which one is it ? 
  either the uk has sovereignty in which case uk law is supreme and we stayed in the eu because it was beneficial or the eu has sovereignty and the uk could not leave . 
  when we 're down to brass tacks on sovereignty the eu and its law has 0 power outside of that which states give it by being part of the agreement just like any other free trade agreement trumps a countries own laws until they get rid of the free trade agreement . 
  so yes as you say we are leaving because the eu ca n't stop us , thus showing the primacy of uk law . 
   the eu has common supra-national institutions that are in charge of regulating the common regulations , and these have a mind of their own . 
  which ones ? 
  the parliament is directly elected by european people and the council is headed up by elected heads of state and the commission is unelected but ca n't do anything without the parliament and the council agreeing to pass the laws . 
  the ` minds ' in this operation are the council members who appoint the commissioners and tell them what they want to achieve . 
  same as ` the civil service ' has no mind either . 
   common baseline rules could be as simple as stating that if some governments can not arrive at a compromise , then the representatives of the interests of the individual countries should talk directly to each other and try to see if a solution can be found between themselves . 
  and if that is n't possible , then just leave that part out . 
  as said the moment you introduce this ` baseline rule ' you are governing how countries behave and creating a common agreement not to act in pure self-interest at the first inconvenience . 
  the idea is interesting of ` self-destructing laws ' i guess you 'd describe it as but as said this is pretty much what is done in the eu already if countries ca n't all agree then they can veto and/or their parlimentarians will vote against it . 
   their markets are not less integrated that the eu markets . 
  yes they are very clearly less integrated , just off the top of ones head there is not freedom of movement of capital , there is no open skies agreement , there is no freedom to compete for contracts between countries , provision for services is limited . 
  there is still customs borders between countries and regulation . 
  and that 's just the obvious ones . 
  they themselves say there is more work to do here to get to the point of a single market . 
  as said you can be less integrated and delegate less sovereignty or you can integrate more and give up your own sovereignty to intervene in the market and indulging in protectionism but you can not do both . 
   yes . 
  i am surprised you do not know this . 
  as i said though , this is part of the agreement states make that they will play by the common rules set out . 
  countries are free to leave or refuse to follow the rules at any point as the uk is doing . 
  the eus laws have primacy only by agreement that it is mutually and individually beneficial for the countries to abide by them because they allow much deeper integration and liberalisation . 
  i 'm a bit confused could you rephrase ? 
  why is making agreements on a case by case basis in a system with an ongoing baseline of rules any different to what the eu is in its current form ? 
   actually , their economies are incredibly closely integrated . 
  a deep fta is not really needed between the two because they both have open economies and traditions of free market liberalism and openness . 
  that is what really promotes trade . 
  i just linked you what the current agreement is . 
  it is way behind the single market in terms of integration of markets and harmonisation . 
  they themselves are talking about making single markets and open skies agreements etc as well . 
  you can argue on if that agreements comes from their liberal tradition or the other way around but what is indisputable is they also have agreements where they give up sovereignty for trade and they also sign agreements like [ pacer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pacific_agreement_on_closer_economic_relations ) adminstrated through the [ pacfic islands forum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pacific_islands_forum#pacific_island_countries_trade_agreement ) that has a legal framework with which they co-ordinate in their common interests . 
  they pretty much have a single market/eu type agreement that is n't as far along yet in terms of market integration . 
   no , the eu has a system with eu law which has direct effect and primacy over the member states . 
  that is not necessary for deep trade . 
  does it actually have primacy ? 
  with what army do they enforce the law ? 
  and even when they do have an army the eu is still just an agreement , unless the eu is actually a federalised state there is no such thing as ` supremacy of eu law ' . 
  countries are still supremecan say fuck off if they do n't want to play anymore ( as brexit shows ) , it just benefits them a lot more not to because then they lose access to the benefits of mutual co-operation . 
   it works out well between australia and new zealand . 
  as said because they also play by a bunch of supranational agreements that they 've made and it is still not as deep a trade liberalisation as the single market is . 
  free trade does n't happen simply by magic at the international level . 
  i 'm not sure which trade deal you mean but their [ closer economic relations ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/closer_economic_relations ) bill you can see exactly the issues arising . 
   the two major sticking points in the negotiations were new zealand 's wish for better access for its dairy products in australia and australia 's wish for new zealand to remove export incentives and quantitative restrictions . 
  after the two hurdles were overcome , the heads of agreement was signed on 14 december 1982 and came into force on 1 january of the following year . 
  as said they both had to come to an agreement , and then sign up to an agreement to keep their markets open for the others products , and as said this was a pretty limited fta from two damn near identical countries with a long history together and geographic closeness .
