  but the use of the headline and by the commenters here is people putting politics into it . 
  and this is where i 'm calling for some restraint here . 
  we do not run a great charitable society if you do n't happen to be a fashionable group to be giving money to . 
  which is great for cats and breast cancer victims , but less great for the mentally ill and working families on low incomes etc. 
  perhaps this comes down to the classic divide between charitable giving and state redistribution , but we definitely used to be far more in the middle compared to right now . 
  i 'd cool it off with the grandiose statements there mate . 
  i 'm just pointing out that `` generous '' is being used as us running some incredible compassionate society but only if you are a cat , or someone with breast cancer , or a kid in africa around children in need time etc. 
  it 's a pretty shakey statement outside of `` we give more to charities '' which would be the far more accurate headline . 
  trust me if you 're some smelly homeless man with mental illness issues or anyone falling on bad times , you 'd probs not be so quick to agree with the crowing . 
  we have real problems in our society and we actively vote for those problems to be made worse through our political climate and our willingness to ignore facts to say `` disabled people are just lazy '' etc. 
  and that is some real mental gymnastics . 
  because as said if we as a society regard the poor as some disgusting disease of lazy people in terms of how we treat them . 
  then making some donations for some people i personally like does n't really counter-act it . 
  i 'd argue my view could be summed up with `` the measure of a society is how it treats it 's least fortunate '' . 
  i believe this article should be titled `` britons make most charitable donations to their personal causes '' if it 's going to be accurate . 
  there 's a lot of flaws in extrapolating this to us all being generous and charitable as a society just as it is when we laugh at the us for making the same claim . 
  i just do n't think we can really count `` high donations to things i like '' as `` a generous society '' . 
  e.g if i fill out a form for the rspca to save some cats and then walk out my house and am stepping over a few homeless people who we are all just saying `` are lazy not disabled '' . 
  i do n't feel particularly generous at a society level . 
  i wrote on the comments on it in ukpol . 
  but this very vague flawed definition of `` generous '' does n't really chime with our verifiable statistics on homelessness , poverty and the mentally ill . 
  it does n't make me proud to be british it just makes me think that we 're crowing about a highly flawed set of measures and ignoring the obvious verifiable ones . 
  it 's all about personal charitable giving and voluntary work . 
  so if i donate money to scientology or an extremist mosque or an anti-abortion charity or i work in a voluntary sector required due to massive cuts in government aid . 
  that makes me and therefore the whole uk more charitable than if we as a society did n't just tell poor people to pull up their bootstraps . 
  basically it 's the same thing we laugh at the us for when they deduct charitable deductions for their personal religion from taxes and claim to be super generous, 
  i think so too . 
  hence my saying its unlikely especially as everyone is gunning for the bbc at the moment . 
  in seriousness i 'm exaggerating , we have occasionally had foreign programmes screened with subtitles ( e.g borgen and the killing both spring to mind ) . 
  but it is very unusual and often hidden away . 
  however it was done in subtitles on a routine basis for say news or current affairs on a mainstream channel . 
  the press would completely ignore the subtitles bit and go straight off into `` eu third reich and bbc communists imposing french on plucky brits '' or similar . 
  however it would be nice for instance if the bbc was to run it as a channel in their public service remit with english subtitles . 
  can you imagine the daily mail shit storm though ? 
  almost gives me an erection thinking of the daily mail reacting to a foreign programme being shown without subs . 
  if its any consolation i live in germany at the moment and we arent really missing a lot in terms of actual content quality . 
  and that sort of makes sense if i 'm honest if we 're in the pretty narrow context where people are actually speaking welsh or scottish . 
  heya soz about the late reply . 
  yeah i applied for a job and moved there with that and then have developed from there . 
  i now speak pretty damn good german two years later or so so it come 's quickly when you 're embedded . 
  i work in data type stuff ( does that count as it ? 
  not sure if i 'm honest ) . 
  germany is a far better run country to live in as someone under 30 compared to the uk and can only recommend it enough . 
  the main advantage is the pay/rent ratio more than the absolute cost of them . 
  if you 're being paid a fuck-ton of money but still living like a student then somethings wrong . 
  berliners are always bitching about it not being cheap enough . 
  people seem to forget that if you 're paying 0,50 $ a month for a 100 sqm flat there 's probably a reason to do with high-crime and unemployment . 
  for me berlin has a good balance atm between being affordable to live in and not being a boring shit hole or dangerous . 
  was gon na say , apparently uk can not into europe already :( but yeah as far as i know average in central london ( and this is probably about to rustle some jimmies when i define central london as zone 2 ) comes in at 797,000 or so gbp so about 1,2 million $ at current fx rate of 1,40 [ source ] ( http://www.homesandproperty.co.uk/property-news/new-homes/zone-3-new-zone-2-homes-hotspots-tipped-growth ) ... so yeah ... fuck that i moved to germany . 
  no point slogging if you are n't going to get anywhere in my opinion . 
  especially when rent/income ratio is so crap that you are n't even able to save anything significant anyway unless you 're earning very well . 
  this is kind of the joke though ( and boston is my favourite place for this funny you mention east coast ) . 
  if youve never even seen a country and dont have citizenship or even a real meaningful family connection with the culture outside of your friends dads cleaner etc. 
  then it comes across as quite funny to people to claim that countries identity . 
  doubly so when , for example , ( true story ) announce you hate the british and support the ira as a casual introduction to a bunch of british and irish people out together decades after the good friday agreement and anyone really seriously talked about it outside jokes . 
  it just comes across like if i claimed to be scandinavian/germanic etc because we were colonised by vikings and saxons 1000 years ago . 
  tl/dr if your cousin twice removed has a mexican cleaner . 
  that does n't make you mexican . 
  where i am living atm in germany it has never been an english flag . 
  especially not on instructions etc. 
  loads of people wear shirts with british flags on too . 
  perhaps in britain i guess ? 
  but i could imagine if it was used wed know about it because the scottish and welsh would probably have kicked off about it . 
  when is the english flag ever used in a significant way outside of football ? 
  doubt most would recognise the english flag if it wasnt for that . 
  wouldnt worry too much about 75 % of americans are actually irish or italian according to them . 
  they can say what they want i guess , personally i 'm voting to stay in as i like the fact i can leave the uk and can go somewhere i can afford to live and have a career and a better general life where i now live in germany . 
  but the americans are entitled to say whatever they want and british people are entitled to weigh up if they care and vote in their own interests . 
  i do n't get how people are getting so angry about this . 
  it seems better that they 're open and people are fully informed of the expected us consequences of decisions . 
  well no this is just stupid and inflexible if we blindly do it , we consider the guys based on the case of where they are from , risks currently in the country etc. 
  then decide to accept or reject the asylum application . 
  it 's the ones who try and lie and say they 're syrian without having any paperwork or refuse to declare a country as they know it 's going to be rejected . 
  they need to be deported far quicker or detained until we know where they 're from then sent back . 
  i do n't `` like '' the large amount of immigrants atm but they do have legitimate claims in international law and we should be handling them properly and getting rid of illegitimate piss-takers as swiftly as possible . 
  i 'd argue that 's throwing the baby out with the bathwater then though . 
  a ) refugees are n't all pisstakers trying to defraud us and it 'd be really bad to become jaded and just assume they are b ) the modern world is based on nations following international law . 
  moral force comes from obeying said obligations . 
  as said it 's the piss-takers creating the problems for everyone else so i think we should be harsher on them . 
  at the end of the day though if we keep getting a reputation as a pushover e.g `` oh just say you do n't know where you 're from '' then we 're going to encourage more pisstakers which will definitely cost more socially and financially in the long run . 
  where they came from . 
  if they dont say then detain them till they remember . 
  we need the space to take in real refugees . 
  i dont disagree actually . 
  i dont think we should roll out the carpet but these wild assumptions of all refugees are the biggest problem to having a sensible discussion . 
  both the uk and germany here ( i live in berlin so granted so a lot of internationals ) american process is quite similar when i was there in america . 
  so here goes . 
  meet at bar/party/work randomly chat make jokes get number 2 . 
  chat on phone/whatsapp etc meet up one on one at bar active be self deprecating ( my home turf as a brit obviously ) jokes flirting etc 3 . 
  dinner at my place or theirs `` we all know what that means but no-one will say it in texts '' , jokes about getting married etc afterwards 4 . 
  then its routine meeting up + sex at some points this will become `` hooking up '' or `` boyfriend girlfriend '' or fade away depending on how much you really connect on a more than superficial jokes and flirting and you see the real non-projected personality appear . 
  sometimes it skips a stage with one night stands etc so you go from stage 1 to 5 ( most often with scandi , spanish and polish girls but might be because i 've got the best jokes to take the piss out of them and which tends to create `` chemistry '' if everyone can take a joke ) but its a pretty standard process id say . 
  everyone has their quirks e.g germans are a couple more dates ( or they 're super obviously coming onto you and it 's easy ) , french + italian girls ( probs because theres normally jokes about british cooking so i have to prove wrong etc ) you go straight to stage 3 etc. 
  it 's all just good fun between two people at the end of the day . 
  i actually personally agree on us taking them from refugee camps for the reasons you say . 
  but my point is that widescale `` they 're all economic migrants/pisstakers etc etc '' is n't a good assumption for making policy on generally . 
  and at the moment this is how it is and it needs to be dealt with sensibly . 
  the point is that some people trying to take the piss is not in itself an indication of failure and is n't a reason for blanket policy prescriptions . 
   there is no work to be had . 
  if you do not speak the local language , or at least fluent enough english , you are out of luck as far as most employers are considered .
