  if the tories only get 98 % of the vote in a national election , that 's not quite good enough , they should have to get 99.99 % to form a government !, 
  what i actually said  however mps are not governing in the same way as the eu is so it would probably be a bit excessive . 
  you need to read things before going off on excited rants especially when it 's a masive straw man of a position . 
   serbia has to prove a hell of a lot to the other 99 % of the eu , that should be enough . 
  you 're just assuming that croatia is being fair . 
  what if croatia is just racist against serbia ? 
  that 's their look-out . 
  if they 're going to screw around with what would be a theoretically economically beneficial further market to screw with people then a ) it 's pretty pointless b ) they 'll find themselves coming under pressure from other members if they genuinely have 0 concerns and are literally doing it just to be dicks . 
   the eu has too much control over our laws . 
   the eu also has too little ability to reform along with the majority opinion . 
  they 're laws we consent to though and as you 're complaining they 're very hard to pass and require broad and deep consent from both the parliament elected directly by european regions and by the heads of state of the countries . 
  this is why you sound ridiculous as you seem to think the eu is somehow beamed down from space by aliens and just shits laws everywhere . 
  as said there 's nothing to fear from democracy unless you know your ideas wo n't convince other people and you 're just trying to ram things through in authoritarian manner . 
   the council has final say . 
  parliament just passes bills to them , as i understand it . 
  you understand incorrectly commission writes bills bills , head commissioners appointed by heads of state , council and parliament have to approve bills . 
  if either rejects it gets amended and then revoted on by the other till both agree . 
   it 's not incorrect , it 's about the title of this post which implies consent of all countries . 
  that 's why i 'm saying 0.09 % and not the 2.2 % that can veto a final brexit deal . 
  do you think it 's a good thing to let every 3 mps together have veto power over everything in the british parliament ? 
  yes or no please . 
  yes . 
  parliament is supposed to represent the entire countries constituencies ( or at least that 's what all the fptp lovers say ) so the will of the government should be representing a consensus of the country . 
  i 'd love it in theory even if it 's excessive for a national level . 
  however at the national level we have direct elections so we can remove bad governments directly . 
  at the eu supranational level legislation is extremely big and involve several different countries doing it . 
  legislation like that should be extremely well thought through and have to reach an agreement with all countries involved and it should definitely should not be breezily rushed through thinking in short term political terms as happens in the uk . 
  e.g your serbia croatia thing , yes absolutely they should if serbia can not prove itself a good enough neighbour to croatia that croatia agrees to its accession then it 's not going to improve when it is inside the eu . 
   if broad consensus is so good , why do you not want mps to have veto power in parliament ? 
  why do you refuse to answer about it ? 
  because you only asked it in this post . 
  as said i 'd like it personally for the reasons i explained . 
  howevermps are not governing in the same way as the eu is so it would probably be a bit excessive . 
   totally false dichotomy . 
  the eu has too much control as it stands , and it 's extremely difficult for the eu to reform or change its laws . 
  there is no contradiction there . 
   the eu has too much control  it 's not just `` wide consensus '' , it 's incredibly extreme consensus . 
  choose one thing to be outraged by , eu has too much control or eu has too little control . 
  you can not be outraged by both and still be coherent, 
  your definition of an effective system is one where someone does something and then everyone else has to follow it and shut the fuck up . 
  100 % gurantee you would n't like that system if the boot was on the other foot . 
  as said a government should be doing as minimum as possible with the agreement of the most people . 
  not doing as much as possible while ignoring everyone who does n't agree , that 's authoritarianism . 
   the eu does not represent the majority !, 
  how have you come up with this nonsense ? 
  the thread title is literally saying that 0.09 % of the eu population can veto the uk 's desire to pull back from the article 50 process . 
  am i high or something ? 
  what the hell am i reading here ? 
  we voted to leave . 
  we gave in the notice and now you 're outraged that we ca n't just pause it and start again as a delaying tactic ? 
  do you actually believe this or are you just more anti-eu than your ability to engage with reality ? 
   redditors are really arguing with me against the benefits of democracy . 
  democracy is about acting on the decisions of the majority of people . 
  you can not simueltaneously attack a system that ensures it represents the majority of people in europe and claim to be defending democracy . 
  what you are arguing for is the right of a minority to shit on the majority of people and not to compromise and come to the most representative outcome . 
  as said the only reason to be afraid of a consensus based system is that you are scared of actually having to make other people agree and compromise rather than just rolling over them . 
  as said if the eu functioned like the uk does then brexiters might have actually had a point on it being undemocratic . 
  from the link  a blocking minority requires -- in addition to not meeting one of the two conditions above -- that at ** least 4 countries ( or , if not all countries participate in the vote , the minimum number of countries representing more than 35 % of the population of the participating countries , plus one country ) vote against the proposal ** . 
  thus , there may be cases where an act is passed , even though the population condition is not met . 
  this precludes scenarios where 3 populous countries could block a decision against the other 25 countries . 
  perhaps at best if it 's deemed to be about joining leaving and not just an ongoing procedural then it goes to actual unanimity vote even in this case it is unlikely to be vetoed by some small country unless we really try to piss them off as our hard brexiters seem to be trying to do . 
   force britain out of the eu with no deal . 
  fact or not ? 
  i thought we wanted to leave anyway ? 
  why the horror at this ? 
  it 's not just the european parliament though is it it 's the council and the european parliament . 
   if allowing 0.09 % of the eu population to veto changes is such a great democratic system , why do no national governments function like that ? 
  why ca n't every mp in your national government veto everything ? 
  because it 's a pathetically inefficient system that allows tiny minorities to destroy things for everyone else . 
  this is incorrect unaninimity is only required on the most important issues . 
  the eu is a supranational state and should be massively constrained when there is n't wide consensus or you 'd get something like the uk where 30 % of conservative voters steam roll every other country in the uk . 
  what 's so bad about broad consensus ? 
  also i thought the whole problem was the eu supposedly has `` too much '' control , but apparently now it is paralysed as well while imposing laws everywhere ? 
  which is it ? 
  fucks sake man you do n't even understand how the eu works and you 're trying to claim the british system is n't absolutely godawful in terms of accountability and representativeness [ guide to the voting system here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voting_in_the_council_of_the_european_union#treaty_of_lisbon ) . 
  eu requires masses of consensus both on countries and by population and it ca n't just be vetoed like you 're imagining . 
  why so afraid of it ? 
  if everyone agrees then things go forward . 
  it 's almost like you 're afraid of what might happen if the rest of the country was n't just steam-rollered on everythingby the 30 % of people who voted conservative and that politics had to be in everyones benefit ? 
  well indeed all of it i was probs focusing too specifically , to summarise they keep wanting to operate a business in a society without actually following the stuff that allows the society to function . 
  if they drop that then no-one has an issue with them . 
  problem is same as with everything , everyone wants cheap shit but also wants high wages and protections for themselves, 
  same with them and airbnb , they keep screeching about being banned when what 's actually happening is they 're running up against the problems of running a business while pretending it 's not a business . 
  it may fly in the more liberalised united states but they tend to run up into problems in european countries where they take workers rights more seriously . 
  do n't think there 's any large move towards it . 
  subsidiarity dictates that the eu would n't be involved in this as it 's mainly stuff to do with local ( as in country/city ) regulations being undermined . 
  my personal opinion is i do n't think the eu should or would try and decide , no-one would agree as countries are all responding differently and it has different ramifications in each country and each different city so any law would be a shit-show as the responses of countries have been so different , e.g uk in london it 's completely allowed , undercutting drivers and everything ( at great detriment to the traditional british taxi drivers who have to take the ` knowledge ' who are now equalised 90 % of the time by anyone with a satnav ) germany ( berlin anyway ) it 's allowed but only as a means to call normal taxis that charge the same prices ( aka stopping them undercutting drivers that follow local rules ) some cities tolerate it others dont italy as we can see they 've banned them in the whole country , france i do n't know but my guess is they probably do n't tolerate them freely . 
  in practical terms you would n't get any agreement on any eu wide legislation anyway . 
  perhaps the eu might start looking at the tax issues around uber but that would only be part of a wider investigation into tax evasion/avoidance . 
  personally i think uber is sketchy as fuck getting around regulations , but they do kind of shine a light on excessive regualtion at the same time . 
  ever closer union has been in the treaties since 1957 and every treaty since and is about union of the peoples of europe ( not governments ) . 
  the eu 's direction now is just the sum of the different countries who participate . 
  the eu has no mind of it 's own outside of what the heads of state come to an agreement on . 
  problem is everyone else does want to integrate further . 
  the uk however , does n't there is nothing incompaitable between us being in the single market without integrating further in terms of government . 
  this is an italian decision not an eu level decision . 
  everyone keeps saying about `` losing a say '' , on what exactly ? 
  if there 's no threat about further integration we barely give a shit about anything outside of the single market functioning and making sure that the french do n't ever start trying to slide protectionism back in . 
  our `` say '' is opposing britain being in a federal state and wanting the single market kept coherent . 
  we already have our own foreign policy , army , etc and the uk never needed the collective bargaining of eu as a foreign policy bloc in the way that say holland or lithuania etc do .
