  i 'm really not anti-migrant at all but i have n't heard this `` outrage '' from rights groups . 
  this really seems absolutely fair enough that we take real asylum seekers from the correct areas rather than prioritising those with money and the aggression to say fuck your borders and laws . 
  who 's freaking out about this other than the guardian ? 
  prioritising and assessing in camps and then taking families and those in the greatest need is exactly how this policy should be working surely ? 
  i have a feeling they 're more likely to be in different areas/using different techniques due to already quite strict regulations ( not that i 'm saying they 're unavoidable but they need to be cleverer about it ) . 
  `` jurgen loos '' excellent touch there . 
  i 'll have you know i selfied top of my class in the elite instagram selfie training academy and have over 1000 confirmed selfies to myself . 
  you do n't know how who you 're selfying with kid i will selfie you back to myspace . 
  if only you knew the selfie you have selfied upon your self . 
  as we speak i am selfying my international network of instagram followers ... 
  i will selfie you so hard the united nations will have to create a binding selfie . 
  im talking selfied selfie you little selfie-bitch . 
  too late its been a meme for years amongst loonies . 
  according to bbc live feed we 're still on seven or so . 
  obviously situation changes . 
  still remains that a man is on a plane with what he claims is a suicide bomb whether passengers are on board or not . 
  i 'm not sure what else you can call that other than terrorism . 
  i hope he 's shot and at minimum gets the death penalty in egypt ( wishful thinking as they seem to be complete numpties ) . 
  it 's unacceptable even for political asylum . 
  especially as love is n't political asylum . 
  and this is a worrying precedent to send that you can survive hijacking a plane if you demand something . 
  [ source/live feed ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-35915139 ), 
  as said ... that bodes well ...  or you know he realises that europe would fight for their citizens and the egyptians are of no value to him . 
  well apparently egyptians are of no value to the egyptian authorities as they seem to be perfectly fine to let people with explosives onto a plane leaving their country yet again . 
  i 'd be taking any judgements from them as to whether the guy is a threat or not with a pinch of salt . 
  as said i 'm just quite surprised the authorities are n't way more jumpy as someone said `` bomb '' and `` muslim '' . 
  whether the `` super competent '' egyptian authorities who let a man with a bomb/dangerous objects onto a plane claim he 's just a looney or not . 
  i have very little sympathy for the guy and hope he get 's treated the same as we would real loonies . 
  we 're not really going to give asylum to a guy who 's threatened violence on citizens and we definitely ca n't set that precedent . 
  there 's already enough shit from racists about real refugees and asylum seekers caused by nutters on the edges . 
  this is just another one . 
  i 'm absolutely shocked we do n't just make a policy of going straight in with military force with muslim terrorists i thought we changed doctrines after paris when they did n't wait to negotiate before killing everyone . 
  like this guy is getting political asylum anyway . 
  what do you mean ? 
  of course there 's room for debate . 
  just only `` hmm should we gas all brown people or shoot them ? '', 
  downvoted for a moderate opinion . 
  never change r/europe crybabies, 
  tssh duh hitler was a marxist everyone knows this national socialist . 
  wake up sheeple . 
  if the media is on your side you can do anything thats pretty well established . 
  there was more uproar about a photo of someone not singing the national anthem heartily enough than those photos, 
  if you 're in political opposition and the government wants to embarass you they might as one hypothetical . 
  as someone who works with a large database of adult websites . 
  i could very easily find a . gov address most likely and see who 's on it and could probably screw around with them . 
  we have about 2-3 million users in sweden so i coulld probably find a few people you know for example and tell you what sites they 've got an account on if i was less scrupulous . 
  cool story . 
  away with you . 
  back to jerking off over trump or whatever illiterates do . 
  no but you 're apparently illiterate . 
  oh there 's definitely loads already going around . 
  theres `` unelected council of europe '' from people who need it explained that those are our heads of state . 
  loads of them going around at the moment for the eu referendum for me . 
  thanks , i was getting sick of having to type in longform whenever this `` hurrdurr merkel said they were all welcome '' copypasta came up . 
  im trying to think if there 's any more generic copypasta going around i think `` eussr '' or similar might give it a run for its money . 
  fucks sake the post is in english have you not passed your gcses ? 
  that 's like providing scientific data on climate change and then someone saying `` ha but you did n't mention it being hot today !! '' . 
  misplaced smugness is always funny . 
  i assume this means they 'll be obliged to consult with the eu before changing their laws as well ? 
  that 's very nice but imagine the headlines `` caffeinatedt believes british people do n't care about sovereignty '' . 
  `` caffeinatedt believes that britain should compromise for european bureaucrats '' . 
  not saying do n't have the debate but if i 'm honest sloganeering like `` selling sovereignty '' is always going to be more effective than a 4 paragraph response in a tv debate . 
  hence why i think wider education on the general facts is the more effective strategy for the in side . 
  even if as said i have a lot of criticisms of the eu myself as an organisation as a whole , just not `` throw my toys out the pram when we do n't get special treatment '' level . 
  americans be bringing the trolling a-game today . 
  good stuff . 
  it was a thought that crossed my mind as i already moved once to germany . 
  wouldnt exactly say fear of refugees crossed my mind ever though . 
  surely not more refugee hysteria ? 
  what do you want to extrapolate from that ? 
  its pretty much standard in any country that minorities whatever they are , are disporportionately involved in crime whether de , uk , turkey whatever . 
  well thats seperate . 
  as i point out to scot nats a lot the snp are as much a distorted view caused by an electoral system as the tories are in england . 
  yes the snp are disporportionately represented and they are pro eu so these views get a lot of time but this is not the same as non representation . 
  that 's the point being missed . 
  polling would show that most british people ** do n't ** really care that much if you set the bar at absolute perfect sovereignty . 
  sure i 'd agree if you ask the question * `` do you want to preserve british sovereignty ? 
  '' * then most people would answer yes . 
  just like if you said * `` do you support democracy ? 
  '' * but when you phrase it as * `` would you be ok with britain coming to an agreement wit with other countries in order to achieve political objects and lower bureaucracy '' * then most people would also answer yes . 
  that is , as you correctly say giving up sovereignty , hypocritical or not . 
  my point is the question is more complicated . 
  and if you think a wikipedia definition is going to answer more than `` what is the definition of sovereignty '' versus `` what compromises are we ok with as a country in trade deals or political unions '' then that 's just delusional . 
  perfect is n't what is being discussed which is what the leave side is failing to grasp thus far ( especially on the internet ) . 
  the game is pragmatism . 
  as i said simplifying it down to the wikipedia definition of sovereignty and jumping down peoples throats as you just did is to reduce the debate into a political philosophy debate that it is n't in real life . 
  hence why just saying `` british sovereignty ded ! '', 
  is a simplification . 
   turks , swedes and germans forgetting the bit about turkey not being in the eu ( and if i 'm honest the slight hint of dog whistle there ) ... you can make it sound as scary as you want , but at the end of the day we 're voting as much as they are ( actually more in a lot of systems ) . 
  most british people are a lot calmer than you hence why this is n't as clear cut in real life as it seems on the internet . 
  the people on the internet with the strongest opinions are often the ones who dont have a vote anyway . 
  you dont have any newspapers in scotland then it would seem . 
  not sure if you understand the difference between bias and news media being compelled to say `` also , the eu causes aids '' at the end of every report which is what leavers seem to want . 
  im a very sceptical remainer but this sovereignty thing gets parroted so much that people stop thinking about it and people who dont know better believe it . 
  the `` do we lose sovereignty issue '' in short is a whole debate in itself to do with we directly elect meps , the council of europe is our elected heads of state etc etc. 
  it is not as simple as outers like to try to simplify it down to so id definitely read up on the arguments for both sides . 
  honestly whatching both ( i live in de ) i find the reverse . 
  ok when you got die linke , afd on etc it tends to descend into chaos and name calling much quicker but it seems far less name cally than cdu/spd politics even before they were in coalition . 
  i cant imagine angela merkel calling someone who disagreed with her on a policy a terrorist sympathiser . 
  `` muh tuition fees '' strikes again .
