  greater germany you mean ? 
  those bloody cheerful unobtrusive people , they 're the worst . 
   if the referendum was or wasnt rigged it probably still has the same outcome as now well ... yes , that 's the nature of rigging things lol . 
   full support of the local population , and this is where we divorce from reality i suppose . 
  that rigged referendum rife with intimidation did n't happen i guess . 
  a large percentage of the uk though they were going to get 350 million extra for the nhs that did n't actually exist either . 
  they were also duped in the name of tory parlour games . 
  making shit up may win big in the short term but it 's not long-term sustainable . 
  again a bit confusing . 
  what did nato do here ? 
  are you referring to un peacekeeping forces in 1991 ? 
  you just keep yelling `` what about nato yugoslavia ! '', 
  and it could refer to absolutely anything . 
  e.g sebrenica again does n't just happen by magic overnight . 
  you 're either acting like you do n't understand context , or you 're simply uninformed . 
  neither of which make for a good reasonable debate . 
  i 'm guessing you are n't referring to cold war diplomacy but you 've said fuck all on what you 're talking about other than `` what about '' and you 're still trying to whatabout a peacekeeping force/anti-genocide force as attacking an permanently annexing a neighbour and it 's civilians because you do n't like the outcome of a political dispute . 
  truly laughable . 
  context tends to be an important thing here . 
  why did all those nato troops go into former yugoslavia versus why were they in crimea ? 
  i 'm kinda wondering if you 're going to be one of these sebrenica deniers or something now i 'm wondering where you 're going with this . 
  that 's the point . 
  there are 27 countries , many of whom do n't give a shit about our exports anyway , and every single member stands to lose far more from us undermining the whole mutual co-operation thing of the eu and their citizens abroads rights ( oh which romania has many not just in the uk but across europe who would be potentially harmed by threats to freedom of movement ) . 
  what we 're demanding is pure insanity on their part to agree to . 
  and they are the ones in control . 
  i just do n't get how people can square this negotiating position here . 
  again , big talk on sovereignty , little real understanding what it actually means to co-operate with other countries in practice . 
  this `` loss of sovereignty '' thing is complete bollocks and it 's shameful it 's not challenged more often . 
  what 's worse than the war crime of invading a country militarily ? 
  or do you mean where nato stopped a genocide continuing ? 
  please help i 'm clearly very confused and you are n't actually saying anything apart from `` nuh-uh '' so it 's a bit hard to actually see if you 've thought about this at all . 
  right , but what 's happening in the real world ? 
  all this inspirational but deluded sloganeering about evil empires and `` independence '' blahdeblah is one thing and works great in referendums where no-one is fact checking and lets you get away with making shit up and not having any ideas of your own . 
  but now we 're in reality and all this blustering and this tepid sloganeering just makes one sound like a 1 pound shop captain mainwaring . 
  crimea is a part of russia , it was a part of ukraine before with ukranian citizens until mysterious `` definitely not russian '' soldiers turned up . 
  so to ask again , what country of yugoslavia did nato annex ? 
  fuck it , i 'll make it easy for you and you can even say one of the countries within nato seeing as nato is n't actually a country . 
  i eagerly await your answer . 
  you are a revisionist and a whatabouter trying to parallel yugoslavia and the stopping of genocides with russia permanently annexing crimea . 
  that fact does n't change . 
  most often it 's rus-nats or serb revisionists in here so that 's my assumption . 
  i can drop the country names if you want but the difference is immaterial . 
  so what country is yugoslavia a part of now ? 
  or actually any of the consituent parts ? 
  this is the problem with brexit , it 's always shitty metaphors that do n't match to reality . 
  we are not playing poker . 
  and if we were we are bluffing that we have five aces . 
  there is nothing credible to it and we are n't going to `` meet in the middle '' we 're going to get laughed out of the room as we 're demanding the people holding the gun to shoot themselves in the foot by giving us special treatment on freedom of movement . 
  hence why no-one is even bothering to say `` no pick and mixing '' they 're just making jokes at bojos expense . 
  the germans may sell us cars but that small percentage of their gdp is a drop in the water compared to countries jumping out of the eu to get better deals . 
  problem we have here is that after banging on about sovereignty all the brexit campaigners are butthurt that other countries also have sovereignty and their own interests to protect . 
  ah yes i forgot when yugoslavia was annexed to `` nato-stan '' by men in nato uniforms who were `` just concerned locals '' . 
  not sure if you 're a rus-nat or a serbian revisionist but both are hilarious . 
  leaving aside how `` post-factey '' this `` western backed revolution '' thing sounds compared to a more nuanced picture . 
  the military part of this adds a whole new level to it . 
  they undeniably initiated the military phase of this conflict both in crimea and through their proxy shooting protestors in ukraine and they bear all the responsibility for its continutation . 
  got ta stop those civilian airliners somehow . 
  i 'm finding it funny how much `` german cars '' triggers brexiters now calling it a silly meme when they spent the whole campaign bleating that we 're going to get amazing special treatment because of le ' cars . 
  especially funny as this is somehow expected to save them even after they spent the whole campaign with an undercurrent of `` germans = nazis '' and slagging off germany and its politicians . 
  it would be funny to see brexiters realise how stupid they 've been but it 's like a dog with a bucket on its head that does n't even realise why somethings not happening as expected and just getting angry at everything else . 
  `` similar things '' what do you actually think you 're talking about here ? 
  tax efficiency schemes are n't the league , or even the same sport . 
  you and many other hard brexit delusionists have said `` yeah it 'll be fine '' or `` there 's a plan '' or `` they would n't dare '' and trot out millions of assumed hypotheticals but i 'm yet to actually hear anything certain that does n't wildly clash with every single expert , regulator and what every decision maker says they 're going to do . 
  and do n't forget they hold the cards here . 
  reality will not be what we want to happen but what the eu and its constituent countries want to happen . 
  you ca n't just bullshit your way around that once we get down to brass tacks no matter how many baldrick-esque `` cunning plans '' we have . 
  i 'm noticing a lot of brits saying it 's on tv . 
  i 'm wondering how different the reporting is actually i 've realised i 've very rarely seen it covered in german news where i live , i only watch stuff about it when im proxying iplayer . 
  if you are n't aware of yemen it 's your own fault ( not you personally ) . 
  plenty of large broadcasters have covered it . 
  we already have had large investigations on the media into our weapons that we sold being dropped on yemen . 
  perhaps it 's a bigger issue in the uk as it 's our weapons going there . 
  but as you say it 's a political refusal to do anything and nothing will be done till we have consequences like the inaction in syria had . 
  best for the people is n't fucking ourselves socially , politically and economically for the senile and deluded of the uks wild goose chase after some enid blyton version of the uk that never existed . 
  the telegraph is fighting a rearguard action against the rubbish they printed in the campaign falling apart . 
  [ 3rd june , why banks wont leave if we vote brexit , `` eu sucks , we 're awesome '' ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2016/06/03/why-banks-wont-leave-if-we-vote-for-brexit/ ) [ 7th july investment banks not leaving because they 'll probably get passports !, 
  heavily misquoted ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2016/07/07/investment-bank-bosses-pledge-to-support-the-city-of-londons-sta/ ) [ 19th september banks will be fine without passports anyway , believe me , they 'll be fine ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2016/09/19/banks-can-cope-with-loss-of-eu-passports-after-brexit-says-moody/ ) and now we 're at the above `` banks threatening to move to more advantageous areas , those bastards ! . 
  all predicted , right down to how the bullshit would develop over time as the argument falls apart . 
  the worst part is brexiters will just deny they ever said it . 
  boris buffoonish brexit bravado bashed by bored berlin bigwigs, 
  what the hell are you talking about now ? 
  you 're not seriously talking about the marshall plan are you ? 
  and why does `` friend of the usa '' come into it ? 
  we 're talking about the british relationship with germany and the eu right now . 
  i 'm not re-opening this greek crap again that always gets brought up at every irrelevant point from people who 90 % of the time do n't give a shit about greece or facts just bashing the eu/germany/the sky . 
  greece fucked itself , without the bailout after decades of mismanagement from the government then greece would be properly somalia levels of fucked and your hyperbole would be 100 % true . 
  nazi comparisons are just ridiculous as is claiming the germans are revisionist . 
  she has no choice though she has the headbangers breathing down her neck . 
  johnson at least is n't completely mental just extremely arrogant and shameless hence why he was flip flopping on whether to be brexit or not for so long . 
  could 've been a proper anti-reality person like gove or leadsom so that 's one positive . 
  absolutely saintly amounts , after months of arrogance , `` they need us more than we need them '' , straight faced bullshit , and a hell of a lot of slagging off of the german government during the political campaigns and german counsellors of the eu , not forgetting the usual nazi references . 
  and even after all of this shit they 've been professional enough to not get all dramatic in public and just say `` ok well the rules are the rules we are n't going to punish you '' and still we 're demanding special treatment . 
  [ nice brexit campaign picture that everyone seems to be forgetting about when trying to figure out why peoples backs are up a little bit ] ( http://www.veteranstoday.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/screenhunter_131-jun.-12-23.55.jpg ), 
  look mate i do n't need all these facts and boring shit when i can just yell sovruntry at everyone and make up a bunch of stuff * resumes waiting for 350 million for the nhs *, 
  you must know much more than pretty much every lawyer and financial professional to be so certain . 
  especially as these `` workarounds '' are yet to be demonstrated outside of brexits legions of financial experts and international regulation specialists . 
  at best banks are saying they may be able to make things work but they wo n't want to work under a sword of damocles and they will have to minimise risk . 
  the point is n't that `` poof '' and the city dissapears , it 's that we set up conditions that make london way less competitive and we slowly bleed companies out to a critical point where london is n't the undisputed global leader anymore . 
  nobody who knows anything genuinely thinks this is a positive thing . 
   i heard ... but i 've no idea if that 's true .
