  there is literally no way we come out of this without the ideological brexiters who 've been drinking the kool-aid 20 + years being angry and feeling stabbed in the back anyway so we 're back at square one whatever happens . 
  i agree with you that brexit is n't inherently a terrible idea from uks perspective ( i 'd have voted for an eea agreement myself if it 'd been on the paper but i had a feeling any brexit vote was going to get hijacked by the hard-right and loonies ) but this was simply playing with fire trying to appease the far-right and had nothing to do with leaving the eu being a good idea or not . 
  portugese and southern european homes arent designed to retain heat though . 
  this is like if portugal had -10 weather all of a sudden, 
  [ ` tis but a scratch ' ] ( http://images2.fanpop.com/images/quiz/214000/214827_1242958745648_500_276.jpg ) -- the brexit knight, 
  why ? 
  it was obvious how it was going to go . 
  its a bit like being pissed off that sticking your erect penis in a hot waffle-iron and slamming the lid down didnt turn out to be a pleasant experience . 
  i 'm very tired of the identity politics of ` remoaners ' as opposed to talking about the evidence here , we 've been warning of this collapse for a year or so , and now we 're on day 1 . 
  morons are going to have to get over it and if you 're still not with the programme , get used to being laughed at . 
  no what makes people thick is still being deluded as to how this is playing out despite all evidence to the contrary . 
  if you fuck up once fair enough , as you say the eu is n't perfect and it was a very complicated decision . 
  insulting everyone talking reality and digging in in the face of all evidence to the contrary however is undeniably thick . 
  all i did was pointed out well-evidenced age and educational divides on the issue . 
  i 'm calling u/mr-oldfart thick for having a chip on his/her shoulder and deluding themselves about evidence and coming flying in with wild and wrong assertions . 
   completely not true , see mcdonnell or corbyn for their views 5 years ago . 
  they disliked the freedom of movement because it was considered almost anti-union . 
  that 's why they had an end to freedom of movement in their manifesto . 
  it 's very easy to find a list of `` hard left '' types who were vocally leave because they think globalisation and such is a race to the bottom . 
  i do n't for a moment think those types have gone away . 
  yeah and now look at them being vague now . 
  people change , just like theresa may changed from a remainer to a hard brexiter ( or at least she claims she did ) . 
  mcdonnell and corbyn are n't dumb they know they still need to bring the moderates on board . 
  this is almost a reverse of the tories where may was a moderate and is being held hostage by the hard brexit faction , likewise corbyn and mcdonnell are held hostage by the blairite wing of their party . 
   it 's very easy to find a list of `` hard left '' types who were vocally leave because they think globalisation and such is a race to the bottom . 
  i do n't for a moment think those types have gone away . 
  absolutely agree , lexiters were a real thing , but they seem to have gone very quiet now they 've realised that hard brexit led by tories is not going to lead to anything they want . 
   a bunch of the old farts i have the pleasure of working with !, 
  however off the top of my head i think you would consider mark harper 's time in office as minister for disabled people to be `` hard right '' , he was remain . 
  fair enough you named one . 
  but how much of this was going along with the party line ( which under cameron was still remain ) and how much was n't ? 
  e.g may u-turned pretty savagely , as did loads of tories when it seemed like that was the consensus , now it 's all up in the air look at them all crawling into the open . 
  but they overwhelmingly voted to remain ? 
  [ source ] ( http://lordashcroftpolls.com/2016/06/how-the-united-kingdom-voted-and-why/ )  a majority ( 57 % ) of those with a university degree voted to remain , as did 64 % of those with a higher degree and more than four in five ( 81 % ) of those still in full time education . 
  among those whose formal education ended at secondary school or earlier , a large majority voted to leave . 
  how else are you going to swing this exactly ? 
   no because i 've explicitly heard people claim that they would be soft brexit , despite manifesto pledge to end freedom of movement . 
  they 're idiots then , but labour have been very vague on what it means ( with good reason perhaps there was very little for them to gain on staking out ground on brexit and everything to loose )  you are making a big mistake to think that leave is a `` hard right '' demand . 
  if it were that simple the tories would have been mostly eurosceptic . 
  the fact is there are people who are economically or socially hard right , who are remain . 
  in brexits hard form it is absolutely hard right . 
  if it was just about economic issues then they would 've been in an efta or something deal and slapping down the anti-immigrant lot . 
  this is purely about immigrants at this point which is a pretty classic hard-right issue . 
  there were lexiters but they 've dissapeared off the planet these days having thought that a brexit would usher in a socialist state somehow . 
   the fact is there are people who are economically or socially hard right , who are remain . 
  who ? 
  labour have no hard right that 's holding them hostage unlike the tories though . 
  hence why remain voters do n't really care so much . 
  watch what 's actually happening right now with the blairite plp vs corbyn vs mays brexiters vs cameronite tories who are agreeing with the blairite plp . 
  if you have any savvy on the matter you can see why people do n't really care if it 's a labour brexit . 
  hence even the daily mail is freaking out about it . 
  which is kind of my point . 
  he did n't just fuck over everyone else as the tories have done which has thus resulted in the current instability where a lot of people in the country ( disabled people for instance ) are scared they will die under a tory government , which tends to make people a bit less chilled about losing . 
  would n't deny that at all . 
  blair continued thatchers policies but put a nicer , fluffier face on it . 
  real structural damage to the nhs through pfi and underfunding in regions that led to brexit can be partially attributed to him as well as not doing anything to reverse deregulation on housing or the removal of tenancy rights . 
  he was n't actively malicious as the current govt is to disabled people but he certainly was no angel , and as you say that tends to push people off from the centre . 
  the fact the tories let it get this bad is another issue but blair definitely allowed a lot of the fundamental conditions to happen . 
  you really think extremely localised conflicts are on the same scale here ? 
  genuine q as i was n't alive back i was born in 89 or so then but this seems a much wider nationalised issue splitting entire demographics . 
  coal industry conflicts for example still were an issue in mining communities ( hell whole sets of folklore grew up around mining areas which my dad remembers ) but it does n't seem nearly as wide ranging as the rift brexit created politically and that the tories have created playing politics with pensions etc. 
  fptp systems and politicians who take winning as a chance to fuck over the other sides voters which means for example in the case of disabled or social housing tenants it 's not just ` oh well ' it 's ' i am now at an increased risk of death or homelessness ' . 
  tends to put a lot of pressure on politics if you ca n't trust one side not to just fuck you over moment they get into power . 
  hence why fox spent so much time trying to tell people ` obamas gon na take ur guns yadda yadda ' . 
  in short a lack of statesmanship and an over-supply of political game playing . 
  blair for all his faults you did not see this instability because while being labour he did n't spend the whole time fucking over pensioners and tory voters the same way as the tories have fucked over young people and the disabled and given giveaways to ` their people ' . 
  but as in actual people . 
  the poll tax or miners strike for example were groups against the government . 
  most tory voters at the time would rather it was n't happening but just hated the ` evil union leaders ' aka politicians again . 
  brexit is a genuine divider of the countrys people into different sociological groups that dislike each other there has never been rhetoric like ' 48 % of the country are traitors ' printed on mainstream papers ( maybe perhaps some veiled racism in the brixton riots but nothing crazy ), 
  they did like the benefits , especially the single market . 
  but real unification of europe ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  that 's pretty much why we should 've been in a single market arrangement from day one in my opinion . 
  it was pure political grandstanding and control freakery that had political leaders going ` oh errr ... yeah yeah ... we 'll totally integrate and become one state in the future ' while simueltaneously briefing against it at home . 
  in fairness how much did the poll tax or miners strike divide people ? 
  that was people being pissed off at the government not people being pissed off at the other half of the country . 
  the tories lost in every age group under 50 in the uk . 
  there 's a very clear age and educational divide in the uk at the moment . 
  yes they complained for ages they were ignored because they did n't have any clout or means to do anything and could n't afford a lawyer to force the issue . 
  there is no such thing as a mietminderung for example that would make the building owners do something . 
  i think you misunderstood . 
  i 'm well aware of the absurdities of calling ` remoaners ' traitors as someone who lives abroad in germany . 
  it was tongue in cheek . 
  i 'd agree personally however as said i 'd personally argue ( likely controversially ) that general fire regulations are not as important as the balance of power between tenants and owners being more equal and their access to informed resources . 
  an independent fire inspector and an accesssible route to minimising rent till the problem is fixed could 've done much more here rather than rules which can ( and have been ) flouted . 
  i 've been interested in this issue of tenancy rights in the uk for a long time and the main issue to me is the lack of redress people have when something is very clearly wrong ( and these residents were warning the council for years and got shut down the whole time ) . 
  it 's a very long story and i 'm not a bulding contractor so i ca n't comment in any expert way on how one is meant to clad/insulate a building in a safe and sustainable way . 
  but for example where i live in germany you can use that cladding ( or at least similar stuff ) , but only on buildings that are lower than firefighters ladders can go and multiple redundancies are required to be built in ( e.g multiple fire escapes , firefighter elevators etc ) . 
  ( the following is 100 % my personal opinion here ) the big core underlying problem here is n't what the building was built with the problem is the lack of ability of residents to actually bring these issues up with the council due to a convoluted semi government semi private system and their lack of legal redress thanks to legal aid cuts, 
  as said the bigger issue imo is the lack of ability of tenants to get something done about a problem . 
  living in germany if something 's dangerous i have a hell of a lot of means available to legally force the issue and i have some means of redress even if i did n't have access to a lawyer which is the problem a bunch of poor social housing residents have . 
  you dont see this in luxury apartments because the owners can hire a lawyer and force the issue . 
  eurpsceptics are trying to blame the eu . 
  apparently the concept of ` minimum standard ' isnt understood . 
  look mate i 've watched dambusters and battle of britain . 
  having seen those movies i can 100 % gurantee that britain would 've won the war on its own anyway . 
  we just did n't want to hog all the glory or something like that . 
  * skulks away *, 
   immigrant cities do and the inexperienced and naive youth .
