  controlling or approving greek access to stimulus has more of a chance of working than trying to get blood out of a stone which will inevitably 100 % lead to even higher losses when greece crashes out of the eurozone and/or goes bankrupt or elects someone properly crazy . 
  because we have a choice between greece being able to use fiscal policy to stimulate it 's economy enabling it to actually pay the debt and it 's people to buy more products from the european countries ( just like was done with poland , romania , baltics etc ) . 
  or we continue with austerity economics and hoping that somehow turning people into a load of african level peasants will somehow generate the massive amounts of money to repay the debt and not just result in greece eventually giving up , leaving and then a shitload of banks in europe being on the hook for the bankruptcy + a humanitarian disaster . 
  it 's a matter of manageable short term costs versus long-term unmanageable costs . 
  this is very short termist thinking and you and me ( as i plan to stay in germany ) will be on the hook for it as taxpayers when even germanys surplus ca n't deal with this . 
  put some sort of democracy/scrutiny on loans for countries in special measures but clearly this austerity thing is n't working . 
  also back to the `` politics '' versus `` wonk '' question is it really so hard for someone like merkel or schulz to put forth this case and where is the biggest resistance in the bundesl\u00e4nder in your opinion ? 
  out of curiosity why is eurobonds so toxic ? 
  as a german taxpayer ( and ok someone who reads about this a fair bit/dork ) but i 'd really rather a hit comes now and deal with greece and more vulnerable countries than try and act like it does n't exist and then have something happen that not even germany with a massive budget surplus this year can actually deal with and that does n't require some massive bodge again . 
  so as said i hear it 's ` toxic ' but i 'm not sure who it 's actually toxic to in political terms . 
   my understanding is that in the uk you essentially let the tories or labour do what they want for five years . 
  and that 's the big problem that all the other issues flow from . 
  well that and that safe seats mean vast swathes of the country ( ` co-incidentally overwhelmingly brexit voting areas ) were neglected because no-one had to do anything for them . 
  germany is my personal ideal having a combination of representative and porportionally elected mps with a minimum representation level . 
  better political turnout and an incentive to be informed as your vote will always count even if your party does n't win . 
  not to mention far less of the recalcitrant politics games of gerrymandering and redrawing districts as they do n't even benefit that much anyway . 
  as said anything other than fptp as it is taking us towards an even bigger disaster than brexit not to mention over-inflating scottish nationalisms influence in scotland and shutting large swathes of the country out of any stake in politics . 
  so your argument is we move to a ranked voting system like av then ? 
  as said i have no problems with any of this , hell av is basically a refined version of fptp with constituencies . 
  as said though we have a system where the minority can rule the majority . 
  just as long as we get rid of this inertia around fptp deluding ourselves that it even represents a majority of individual constituencies let alone an entire country . 
   the whole approach feels messy and complicates what should be a simple process - `` i want this party/person '' to be my representative . 
  but it is n't though , are british people that much stupider than any other country in europe where they do have these systems ? 
  and this concept of representative sounds great until your representative is a tory and you want to write to them expressing concerns on benefit cuts . 
  or 6 million people vote ukip and there is 1 ukip mp advocating their views in parliament . 
  it 's a bunch of myths to keep labcon in power . 
  either improve fptp with ranked voting or move to a proper pr system or somewhere in the middle ( as is my ideal ) . 
  but this system where we pretend that 30 % of the country are socialists and 30 % are hard tories is representative and fuck everyone else who does n't vote that way simply is n't working and will not start working in the future . 
  well seeing as the eu is a load of agreements sovereign countries enter into then that pretty much means they want the status quo . 
  which is clearly bollocks . 
  out of curiosity in terms of the nitty gritty of policy on hartz iv , tax , migrants , eu integration etc what are the big differences between schulz and merkel ? 
  i hear a lot of broad brush stuff about schulz being more pro-eu but german tv they 're very vague talking about policy i find . 
  also what are the big programmes i can watch in germany ? 
  i feel like as i 'm working there i should really be following this a lot more closely and the possible effects on me . 
  the germans do n't have as much of a football approach to politics . 
  it 's kind of a flip-side of `` both parties are the same '' that when you have coalitions and horse-trading everywhere around a common set of core issues and not so many wedge issues then they have less cheating and less of this cheerleading stuff . 
  you can argue about how representative and accountable their governments are but it 's definitely a lot more civil generally as less is at stake and papers are n't allowed to lie without rebuttal . 
  their manifesto here 1 . 
  de-islamize the netherlands - zero asylum seekers and no immigrants anymore from islamic countries : close the borders - withdraw all asylum residence permits which have already been granted for specific periods , close the asylum centers - no islamic headscarves in public functions - prohibition of other islamic expressions which violate public order - preventive detention of radical muslims - denaturalization and expulsion of criminals with a dual nationality - jihadists who went to syria will not be allow to return to the netherlands - close all mosques and islamic schools , ban the koran 2 . 
  the netherlands independent again . 
  leave the eu 3 . 
  direct democracy : a binding referendum , power to the citizens 4 . 
  completely abolish health care deductibles 5 . 
  lower housing fees 6 . 
  retirement age at 65 , indexation of supplementary pensions 7 . 
  no public money for development aid , windmills , art , innovation , broadcasting , etc. 
  rollback cuts in home care and elderly care , more hands on the bed 9 . 
  a lot of extra money for defense and police 10 . 
  lower income taxes 11 . 
  halving of car taxes muslim stuff , anti-eu stuff and more police and less things `` lefties like '' are the core policies . 
  everything else is discardable as no-one will care once `` their team won '' . 
  he ' gon na need that money to fund all this shit and the international companies will hang around even less time now after having seen after brexit that they really are that mental when they say they 're going to destroy themselves over immigrants . 
  this guy is such a blatant culture warrior just like us republicans . 
  the rest of it 100 % gurantee it 's 350 million for the nhs all over again . 
  it 's there for old people and low-info voters who are n't with the core program to agree with ( because who 'd disagree with lower car taxes and more healthcare !? ) . 
  it 's pretty much the same manifesto as brexit of `` less immigrants , more money , more public services '' and we can see now how that 's looking and that those promises actually were as much guff as they sounded as the time . 
  e.g how they going to lower income tax and raise defense and health spending ? 
  they wo n't , they 'll at best lower income taxes for people who bring in the most money and just let them do what they want as long as it does n't get in the way of the core popularity programme of kicking muslims . 
  get canada in as well everyone loves them . 
  ** great britain ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ + the ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ commonwealth wins eurovision with a 960 point lead ** or we just dissapear entirely and the uk can be to eurovision what putin was to the us presidential elections . 
  the possibilities are endless . 
  as said my personal ideal would be a mixed house system copying germanys with a porportion of local representatives and a porportion of porportional representatives . 
  `` who '' governs is n't as important as what ideas govern in my opinion and it 's a nonsense to have two social democratic parties cancel each other out and therefore the hard small government neo-liberal fuck the workers party wins with a minority of votes . 
  and it 's toxic for our society as a whole in addition to resulting in some very unsound governance . 
   what we do and have lacked for some time is a good education on politics , a fact or at least evidence based approach to political discourse and engagement . 
  you can be as educated and evidence based as you want but if you 've grown your whole life with your vote not counting for anything as you live in a labour or tory area as a non labcon supporter then it does n't exactly incentivise research or engagement if you can only vote for one party or waste your vote . 
  not denying your points that they 're problems but there 's a chicken and egg argument here that `` oh well it does n't fix 100 % of things so screw it '' is n't a productive answer to . 
   none of the problems we currently see in the uk would be solved by having pr or similar . 
  - neglect of safe seats and a need to campaign wider - political partisanship because of winner takes all elections - resulting gerrymandering - unstable ideological politicking policies - a majority of the country ruled over by the minority - extremists fighting over control of the two major parties rather than setting up their own parties are all initial problems that would be if not solved than massively improved by simply not having fptp . 
  hell even av would resolve a lot of these issues having majority backed mps from constituencies . 
  as said fptp is an absolutely terrible system and if the only argument against it is the nitty gritty of `` which '' non-fptp system to use then that 's kind of telling . 
  are you saying michael buble was insulting people on vocaroo ? 
  and trump was totally going to improve healthcare , brexit was going to put [ shit-tons ] ( https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/styles/article_small/public/thumbnails/image/2016/08/31/16/pa-28104829.jpg ) more money into the nhs and bring back manufacturing . 
  there 's a theme here in these post-fact movements of progressive-ish sounding policies that sound good to older voters than tend to get chucked out the moment that they win ( in the latter case , literally within hours ) . 
  when you have a `` far-right candidate '' who 's core sell is far-right politics , but on certain issues that * just happen * to appeal to certain demographics they need for a win they 're `` totez far-left '' then that should be a warning bell on which policies are going to get jettisoned first . 
   where did i say that ? 
  right at the start  nonsense . 
   bullshit anti-british sources get upvoted . 
  credible sources that show brexit is anything less than the apocalypse get downvoted . 
   almost all subreddits are biased , are you seriously denying this ? 
  no  are you going to actually claim that / r/europe has an equal amount of people on either side of the brexit argument ? 
  no , i also do n't think that r/science has equal numbers of climate change deniers . 
  as said , source it or improve your ideas . 
  there is no obligation on a forum made of individuals to be equal , if the mods were censoring anyone who supported brexit then you might have a point but they do n't . 
   the fact that a guy who has to jam on the caps lock in every paragraph because he ca n't formulate cogent arguments is trying to say that to me is hilarious . 
  the fact that you think me mocking stupid argumentation is me actually being angry is also quite chuckle-worthy . 
  as said i could n't give a shit , i do n't support brexit personally and i voted against it , but it 's not skin off my teeth but when people point out reasons brexit is a bad idea or why it is n't matching the reality that it was sold at then that is not anti-british , just like criticism of trump is n't anti-american or criticism of merkel is anti-german . 
  i do n't feel offended at anti-brexit points of view and i do n't know why you want to be offended on my behalf . 
  i also do n't think that brexit argumentation is very good either on the internet or in real life . 
  and to say that is n't biased that 's just a statement . 
  if we suddenly get some amazing deal tommorow for fre and it turns out that every single eu politician was bluffing then i 'll change my views but the evidence of that is very scant and being insulted when i say the the evidence is n't as strong for one side as the other does n't exactly do a lot to convince otherwise . 
   fptp has its flaws but it is not necessarily terrible system if you understand how it 's supposed to work in the context of the rest of the constitutional framework . 
   i do n't wholly buy that . 
  in the uk we 've always had a smattering of ukip , greens , independents and the lib dems have typically had a strong showing . 
  they 've had nothing in terms of real governance outside of being able to sometimes prop up a labcon parties votes . 
  our system does n't even work anymore according to it 's original standards , it used to be about local representation but the idea that anyone other than supporters of the party are represented by your mp is a nonsense with whipping and the power of government now . 
  and even this system evolved when it took days to travel to london from manchester . 
  as said there is 0 stopping us from moving to a mixed member system apart from the fear for labcon that they 'd have to share power with a minor party or work harder to win an absolute majority . 
  as great as it might be for the tories now this is n't long term viable to just play to smaller and smaller groups of people and the uk is currently feeling the effects of being governed only from inside a very small little england daily mail reading bubble based on voters in swing constituencies . 
  yes but it does n't have a consistent store .
