  we are now going back to the old system before we made that right this is a step backwards as people have less options now to make a life that satisfies them . 
  you have two years anyway . 
  easier to start now ( even something silly like a low level junior position to get a foothold ) and then see what happens . 
  genuinely doubt that disruption will be that much for people like yourself and me who are younger and did n't really pay that much into uk pensions etc who are going to be the real shit-show when it comes to dealing with shared pensions etc. 
  for people already abroad worst comes to worst is the ones who want to move to another country again will find it harder until they get permanent residency/citizenship . 
  lol someones not been watching the news . 
  but an amusing switch to vague `` just u wait ! '', 
  but your argument is kind of superfluous to say ` it 's not a basic right ' there are 0 basic rights outside of what we put there from human rights to rights to work and move freely . 
  everyone had the right to move for work or love or whatever no matter their economic worth , in 2 years we wo n't because of a deliberate action . 
  that is taking the right away . 
  and again ... for what ? 
  why ca n't others enjoy the right that i used ? 
  no there is n't a basic right you 're correct . 
  we had a reciprocal agreement with a load of other countries set up with great care over time and did n't restrict freedom of movement to the rich . 
  i 'm all good now but there 's others like me who are n't as lucky and they 're being denied the same opportunity i had . 
  and what are we getting back from this loss of opportunity for individuals exactly ? 
  blue passports ? 
  some mild pleasure for brexiters who are going to continue blaming the eu anyway ? 
  it 's a pointless kick in the nuts for everyone . 
  there 's nothing to drill into anyone . 
  people know that it 's not just economic but people do n't really give a shit about the political stuff we never did really . 
  politicians in the 90s pretended we were super into it and ` oh yeah we 'll totally be up for a federal state ' but the eus benefits to the uk were always economic . 
  as long as the single market is working the uk was never really interested politically nor were citizens . 
  we already had our own foreign policy , army etc and while not a superpower we were n't in danger of being steamrollered in trade talks like countries like the netherlands or belgium were . 
   surely , it 's an economic union as well , but that was n't really the point to begin with . 
  in every single discussion i 've read , / heard/seen here in england , not one ever went beyond the economic aspect of the discussion , probably missing a good part of the puzzle . 
  as explained above in the uk people are at best indifferent to the stuff outside of the single market or do n't see the point and at worst outright hostile . 
  the remain campaign did n't talk about politics because cameron did n't want to appear too pro-european for his party as he thought he was going to coast it anyway . 
  if remain had won the uk still would 've been hesitant on the political stuff hence the big talk about being opting out of any further changes etc. 
  note how the ` pro-eu ' snp in scotland specifically make a point of saying ` no we wo n't use the euro in any independent scotland we 'll find ways around it ' . 
  people simply do n't like this stuff it 's not a selling point to be more integrated it 's a negative in the uk for whatever reason . 
  very few people who voted remain are actually pro in my opinion if people had been more honest the uk should 've been in the eea or some sort of single market only agreement from the first day anyway and never in the eu . 
  there still would 've been the usual suspects banging on about freedom of movement but i doubt brexit would 've won without years of stories playing on ` political meddling ' like health directives or the fears of a european federal state , that is a genuine fear in the uk even for generally not anti-eu people like myself ( even now i 'm instinctively not saying i 'm pro-eu i 'm just not anti-eu ) . 
  politically the uk did it 's bit for the political vision a long time ago by ensuring the single market was a proper single market , anything after that that did n't ensure it 's effective running was pretty much surplus . 
  at the social level integration and fears of actually losing sovereignty , not the bollocks ` bannana regulation ' sovereignty but actual sovereignty like the euro or an eu army or an eu social welfare policy etc is a negative not a positive selling point as opposed to many who see sharing these things as a positive thing . 
  why ? 
  we barely took in any refugees in the uk . 
  all our muslims are second/third generation commonwealth immigrants . 
  indeed , living in germany , thanks to the eu i was able to move to get training at a company in germany when the uk offered unpaid internships and no job/no experience . 
  absolutely no fucking way i 'd get sponsored as an unskilled graduate to do that without free movement . 
  as a 28 year old i do n't feel particularly ` patriotic ' or anything to the eu/germany but the society and the government have given me the entirety of the fantastic life i now have and having friends from every country be entirely normal while my own country gave me tuition fees , worthlessness at being unemployed , unpaid apprenticeships , unaffordable housing and unstable rent and then when i left it 's tried to kick me in the nuts again by taking away my rights and the rights of everyone younger than me to have the same experiences i 've had . 
  even if they are n't some high flying in-demand professional who ` deserves it ' . 
  and then apparently i 'm supposed to hate the former and love the latter unconditionally when the latter has kicked me in the nuts at pretty much every stage of my life since being a teenager ? 
   brexiteers who think the eu does this because they hate the uk . 
  i think that 's the daily mail and tory line . 
  they 've now realised they 're not going to be able to sustain brexit politically based on any success or improvement so they 're going to try to sustain it politically by making people hate europe and the eu and create so many grievances that no-one can suggest that it was all a bit silly and let 's rejoin the single market . 
  you can see the change in the headlines from ` the german cars will save us ' to ` the eu is punishing us '' . 
  expect that to continue , as predicted the eu is still going to be blamed for everything even when we 've left . 
  ok but you would n't disagree the ones who 've applied had their applications accepted ( even the young adult men ) are absolutely legal i guess ? 
  so is n't this an argument for a long overdue tightening up deportation and enforcement procedures for failed applicants ? 
  [ stats on application acceptance rates ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/asylum_statistics#decisions_on_asylum_applications ), 
  ok so how about we both agree that the ones that ** are ** from war zones and have had their applications extensively checked and accepted as such are legal ? 
   tarrif battle . 
  `` bojomon used german cars ... it was n't very effective '', 
  do you participate in the economy or use infrastructure built with economic development ? 
  assuming yes then you already got your magic paycheck . 
  refugees are legal . 
  happy to take money sent back and benefit generally from emigration though . 
  we had the exact same prejudice to the poles 10 years ago with constant stories about `` criminal rapist poles '' everytime someone picked their nose . 
  and everyone agrees that it is fucked up to judge people based on their background and not their actions , change it to muslims though and everyone is ok with it . 
  change the words in the article to ` polish immigrants ' and see if it does n't read like a daily mail article from 10 years ago when it was ` the poles coming over commiting crimes ', 
  seeing as only british citizens could vote i do n't know where you 're trying to go with this . 
  i 'm always curious where different nationalities tend to go in the uk as tourists or workers . 
  i live in germany now and when i visit the uk i will always pick up on german being spoken and/or accent while speaking english and it is definitely a very small percentage of the people speaking it in london compared to romance languages and eastern european accents ( do n't hear people speaking in ee languages so much i 'm curious if people get nervous about speaking in polish etc ) . 
  meanwhile where i used to live in a rural area the main foreign language i 'll hear there is germans . 
  kind of curious if my prejudice of germans all going hiking is true . 
  that 's what you focus on not angela merkel rollerblading ? 
  poland ... complaining about migrants . 
  that is freaking hilarious . 
  i feel so bad for their rational people atm . 
  they 're probably better able to assimilate as the right wing press does n't constantly tell everyone ukranians are all rapists and blow up every single incident of someone picking their nose to massive porportions . 
  this is the bit that seems to be impossible to drill into peoples heads that the eu countries have their own interests . 
  and if the single market gets compromised then not only will their european trade suffer , but global exporters that build their supply lines through different countries will also have higher costs to deal with . 
  people keep saying `` muh fair deal and free trade '' without actually knowing what that entails for everyone else basically shooting themselves in the face to do hard brexiters a favour . 
  i find the food more variable in the uk e.g within tesco you can buy value , everyday or finest products which are all priced differently and have different qualities . 
  but here in germany ( berlin ) where i live even the highest end supermarkets e.g rewe or karstadt i find the food is n't that high a quality even if i buy the fancy stuff . 
  if i buy something from a butcher or a market i can generally get good quality stuff but that 's not exactly like for like . 
  as said i 'm curious how much this goes on it definitely would n't surprise me that at the wholesale supermarket wholesale buyers in countries that pay higher prices have to differentiate on quality more while buying for more price conscious countries requires compromising on quality of produce that you then sell on to supermarkets . 
  bollocks . 
  you can go outside any countries embassy in most european countries and have a protest if you want . 
  if it gets too rowdy outside a us embassy it might get moved on but for example in london theres almost monthly protests outside the chinese embassy . 
  im confused how am i disagreeing with the article ? 
  i agree theirs something dodgy that food in some markets that pay less is lower quality, 
  wouldnt surprise me if they are . 
  if stuff is generally sold at a cheaper price theyd need to make savings to make up their margin . 
  even here in germany i definitely feel produce is lower quality than in the uk on a like for like basis . 
  of curiosity how does one go about ` hiking wages ' in a free market economy ? 
  they 've got no control and if they start creating inflation not everyones going to be able to get pay raises to keep up especially in non-unionised work . 
  no i 'm saying this is completely retarded to try and equivocate that a bunch of centre right to centre left liberal democracies as somehow equivalent to the authoritarianism that anti-western values populists like erdogan , trump , putin , le-pen etc want to and/or have brought to their countries . 
  `` dey da same '' is dumb as hell and most of us do n't want rationalism in our governments destroyed and replaced with everyone who does n't meet approval of the mob being denied a voice and harassed by the government . 
  so you 're comparing the eu/and or any of its countries to the soviet union ? 
  care to elaborate ? 
  lol oh go on please tell us all which european union countries are communist . 
  as said if you just say `` yeah well i can think of examples of pigs eating their own faces '' and then not giving any examples then your answer can be safely dismissed as bollocks , you see how that works ? 
  examples ? 
  otherwise it 's sounding a bit like `` dey da same '', 
  yep a small number of right wing tycoons ruling over everyone , keeping everyone down with nationalism and fears of foreigners , and removing everyone not riches rights is so bloody revolutionary and futuristic . 
  strange as i do n't remember ` voting away citizens rights ' being on the eu referendum form but we got that anyway now in exchange for all that nhs mon-fuck . 
  ill refer you to currency fx charts and data if you want . 
  but getting angry at me doesnt change reality .
