  but hey the bullshitters movement is dying thanks to trump and brexiters at least . 
  and as said the arguments over and over again lead back to immigration no matter how much you move the goalposts . 
  i can say i voted for brexit to increase jam production in the uk , if it is n't going to lead to that and my arguments reduce back to immigration then that 's what people are going to say it 's about . 
  just like being in nato the un , the echr or the wto also involves giving up some sovereignty . 
  what we want and gain out of it is the bigger issue . 
  i honestly could n't give a fuck if i 'm alienating deluded people , i 'm not going to act like reality is n't happening for dumb peoples benefit . 
  i 'm voting and i 'm advocating against this bollocks as is my right in a democracy . 
  but 10 points for '' we wun get ovr it '' i thought that was out of fashion these days as if voting for something dumb means noone is allowed to point out stupidity . 
  what do you mean by fringes ? 
  as in the csu wing of the cdu or some sort of left wing of the fdp or the actual proper fringe parties ? 
  ok i was being sarcastic , apparently too sarcastic . 
  but yes the reason for large numbers of muslims in the uk dates way before any european cooperation project . 
   so , who 's ever said it 's not about being able to control immigration ? 
  people trying to hide from the fact that petty freakouts about foreign people are at the root of brexit . 
  thus the attempt to try and dress up it in the grand evocative language of famous treaties of the past like magna carta . 
   other examples of sovereignty would be eu law not automatically being applied within the uk without parliament debating it beforehand our sovereign parliament did n't decide to withdraw from the agreement where we cooperate with other eu countries and resolve disputes through a third party and harmonise regulations . 
  so we were sovereign already . 
  not to mention that british elected politicians and our head of state agreed and proposed eu laws . 
  we 're withdrawing from it now , clearly we were sovereign . 
   and our seat back at the wto . 
  eea agreement solves this issue . 
  cue freakouts from the farage-fans and the current narrative where the only `` brexit '' acceptable has changed from `` the uk will leave the eu '' to `` the uk will sever all economic ties purely to stop immigration '' thus leaving us with our own freakouts about immigration and the poor performance of our border agency enforcing the perfectly reasonable frameworks of people not being eligible to live when unemployed for a long period or convicted of serious crimes etc. 
  in your defence you 're at least being honest that it 's about immigration . 
  i was laughing at the people who keep trying to say that it 's not about immigration because they know that it means they get sucked into an argument that they lose of blaming the eu for poor domestic governance . 
  personally if the eea had been on the form i 'd have voted for brexit too in a way but i had a feeling it would get hijacked by authoritarians and hardliners to push through an americanisation/tax-haven agenda and it seems i was right, 
  why are 100 % going to be given citizenship ? 
  that 's simply bollocks and completely misreads not just the current mood and trend in germany but the precedent of the last large conflict related refugee crisis in bosnia where we also took in many refugees . 
  as is `` 10 % will come to the uk '' which seems to have been plucked from someones arse . 
   https://www.migrationwatchuk.org/briefing-paper/382 ah that would explain it . 
   we simply can not keep on building more houses we are n't building any houses or the infrastructure around them , that 's the whole bloody problem . 
  the government is n't investing in social housing and house building outside of luxury flats is sclerotic . 
  this is a transfer of the blame for poor governance . 
  even the wild scary number of migration watch is manageable if appropriate housing was actually being built with 240-480 over ' a number of years ' . 
  then you did n't listen to a lot of the prevaricating that it 's about sovereignty and not immigration despite not being able to come up with any use for more sovereignty other than immigration . 
  yes and car companies spend millions on advertising because people love to see pictures of cars and they 're just reflecting the demand . 
  definitely is n't an effective means of influencing large numbers of people no siree especially not for multi millionaire tax evading media tycoons who dont want anyone cracking down on tax havens . 
  because the negatives of immigration given by the brexit campaign were caused by massive government underfunding of infrastructure in the uk , massive underfunding of the border force enforcing laws , poor enforcement of working rights , lax policy on non-eu immigration and wont be solved even if we do cut immigration ( which we are n't going to according to the government , we 'll just make it harder for normal people and let the border agency make more money charging people for visas ) . 
  so yes once all the waffling about `` sovereignty '' gets slapped away thenwhat remains is also a crap argument . 
  then once the bullshit about improving anything gets slapped away anyone still arguing it is basically just saying `` i dont like hearing polish on the train '' which is n't exactly a reason to fuck over the rest of the country that does n't get triggered by foreign languages on a pure costs benefits level . 
   but are critical of the dangerous lack of democracy in the eu ( look at their treatment of greece ) leaving aside the usual `` le unelected dictatorship '' twaddle as people should know this by now . 
  i 'm not sure how you thought the uk leaving would help greece or remove any of the systemic issues of governance in greece that led to the current crisis . 
  you think they 'd be doing better under purely imf loans ? 
  but again people seem to think shouting ` look at greece ' somehow avoids the issue of how few benefits brexit achieve for anyone who is n't a vulture capitalist . 
  now that we 've voted to leave the eu we 're now going to agree to give bailout funds to greece that we explicitly vetoed doing when the crisis first hit egged on by the same people who called for brexit because of greeces treatment ? 
   and their incompetency in dealing with almost every political issue in the last 10 years ( the refugee crisis , increasing authoritarianism of turkey and the financial crisis just to name some examples so wait you wanted more eu intervention now in the face of constant british blocking and therefore that 's a justification for people to vote to leave ? 
   but i think by suggesting there were no legitimate reasons to vote to leave the eu other than immigration is simply untrue . 
  depends how you define legitimate , if reasons to leave either rely on fundamental ignorance of what the eu does or completely contradictory positions of demanding the eu actually replace governments while also railing against the eu replacing governments then i 'd say it 's pretty illegitimate yes . 
  do you think any of these situations would be handled better with a load of countries co-operating without the frameworks and procedures the eu provides for co-operation ? 
  ( not sure if you 're joking now but i was joking about the fact that colonialism is what caused this historical link for the uk , if you 've just out-trolled me then well done but i did n't want to confuse anyone ), 
  as said i blame the eu pretty sure eic stands for european union india company and they opened up the links with india pakistan and bangladesh and that 's why there 's so many muslims in the uk . 
  i certainly can boil down the entire stupidity of claiming it 's about sovereignty when sovereignty means no meaningful change other than immigration but we have to stop freedom of movement at all costs . 
  not at all , you have the people who say ` it 's about immigration ' and then you have the people blabbing on about sovereignty who ca n't name any benefits other than ` sovereignty to stop immigration ' . 
  plus you have the people who protest voted/wanted free trade/lexiters/nhs etc who have been duped and are either in denial or are now silent . 
  so yes , xenophobes , delusionals , and the duped are the broad groups with a spectrum of how ideologically commited they are from `` did it for the laughs '' to full on `` at all costs '' types who hate the eu more than they want the uk to do well . 
  so no not homogenous at all . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a bad thing i 'm saying that these states ( e.g ca , ma , nyc , ct etc ) who are following , not even particularly radical policies , that are derided as wild-eyed socialism are propping up the failures of the states whos politicians rail against `` coastal elites '' and welfare and extol the merits of deregulation while happily sponging off of them . 
  then you 've really not listened to a lot of leave voters seeing as `` it does n't matter as it 's all going to collapse soon anyway and they 'll be begging us for money '' in some form comes up pretty much every time anyone asks what a benefit of brexit is since all the lies fell apart . 
  so why do they constantly spout the same lines as tabloids ? 
  why are the same crap statistics spouted by tabloids spouted by leave voters and politicians ? 
  do you also think advertising does n't work ? 
  because it 's tabloids who make up stories about indecision and/or exaggerate minor issues into `` the eu is taking your x '' . 
  there has been 0 rational or informed debate on the eu and shockingly a load of people voted to leave because they thought the eu did a load of stuff that they do n't do and that leaving would allow a load of stuff to happen that was caused by poor governance . 
  i can forgive ignorance but then they tried to claim everyone who pointed this out was a traitor . 
   muslim immigrants which i do n't think the eu control speak for yourself i personally blame the eu for britains extensive historical presence in commonwealth countries like india and pakistan . 
  good thing i did n't call anyone racist then just took the piss out of trying to dress up old fashioned fear of immigrants in fancy words that dont actually stand up to scrutiny . 
  i expect many brexiters were confused as to why we did n't just send in the east india company to quell the uppity colonials again for daring to not just lie down and take it up the arse as usual . 
   type of stuff e.g articles , cartoons , columns etc all showing the same narrative . 
  or you mean i have to link every single paper ever published showing this same narrative to have a valid argument ? 
  to quote myself  meanwhile whenever anyone points out that it always seems to come back to immigrants then they get outraged and claim you 're ` crying racist ' . 
  i 'm not going to lie , it gets a little bit tricky to seperate it out when so many of the arguments very clearly were full on racist ( and nonsensical anyway like the turkey argument or the argument where they conflated non-eu commonwealth migration with eu migration to blame the eu for muslims ) . 
  i 'm absolutely sure there are many ` hannan-ite ' brexiters who purely want brexit for the most high minded and intellectual of sovereignty and dry free trade arguments . 
  problem is that their vote went to something that 's released the worst of the authoritarian and nationalistic behaviour in the uk so it 's kind of hard to ignore that they knew that their argument was n't going to win without a coalition with the loonies and some pretty heavy dressing up of their views in fluffy sounding nhs money . 
  we 're talking about execution now and as you apparently know a lot more about the depths of french employment law than me i 'll take your word for it on the possible flaws in the execution although i 'm sure i 'll find out more about this as macron starts enacting policy . 
  as said though i do n't think the people shouting ` austerity ' are quite looking at the full picture here even if i can get the distrust from leftists that you noted . 
  i like the spectator personally even if some of its columnists ( e.g rod liddle ) are spouting bollocks + it takes an interesting view on a lot of other issues . 
  i just used it as it 's a slightly higher brow brexit media source and i wanted to be nice and not just cite the usual daily mail , express , sun tri-factor . 
  why ? 
  we accept plenty of other regulations we have no say on . 
  ask anyone exporting to any non-eu country . 
  we have even less of a say on their regulations than we do with the eu . 
  as said if that 's your standard of sovereignty then sovereignty does n't exist . 
  if your standard of sovereignty is , we 're free to enter into agreements with other people to not use sovereignty and resolve disputes through a mediator then we still have our sovereignty even within the eu . 
  clearly we were always sovereign as we are leaving so brexit has kind of shot down one of the leave campaigns own arguments . 
  this is what i 'm mocking , it 's always ` just about sovereignty ' and then when it 's pointed out that we have sovereignty already and we could go into an efta type agreement and make a sovereign decision to follow the four freedoms then suddenly eveyones freaking out that there is still freedom of movement/immigrants . 
  meanwhile whenever anyone points out that it always seems to come back to immigrants then they get outraged and claim you 're ` crying racist ' . 
  i was mainly talking strictly about worker regulations . 
  as you say ( and i agree ) the availability of social housing and good protections for tenants pushes down the price of housing pushing down the biggest contributor to the ` cost ' of living meaning that low salaries do n't mean such a buttfucking . 
   so while i get that different systems can ` work ' in different respects , i do n't think flexibility is what france needs ; my opinion is more that a certain form of fiscal justice ( fiscal harmonisation and higher tax on capital income ) is what all of the eu needs . 
  lots of different solutions but broadly in my personal opinion if you have a good safety net for workers ( e.g denmark has a pretty good unemployment insurance scheme with a quite flexible labour market ) then you can manage both the main problem imo is n't protecting everyone from ever being unemployed ( impossible ) but to protect people from the worst of poverty if unemployed and even more important giving some protection against unemployment leading to an irrecoverable poverty spiral where you end up homeless ( e.g with provision of social housing ) tl : dr there 's lots of ways to skin a cat and if you are n't an ayn rand loving sociopath there are also ways to do it without just screwing over everyone who does n't own a business . 
  probs the queue for american immigration . 
   that 's an often repeated lie , depends on the context . 
  as said plenty of countries like dach , scandinavian countries holland etc manage pretty substantial worker protections without making it impossible to start a business . 
   macron is proposing a harder dose of the same austerity that is killing the econmies of countries across europe . 
  sorry but i 'd really disagree , frances system does n't create large numbers of well paid workers like the previously mentioned countries it creates an untouchable elite class in highly paid gold plated jobs and another class in unstable low paid jobs . 
  there is a middle ground here between ` full on deregulation ' and ` no-one can get fired ' . 
  just saying ` austerity ' as a buzzword and railing against an extreme situation in greece does n't amount to an argument against not taking a look into how much these laws are helping protect workers versus how much they 're stratifying society . 
   which means they are stuck with rental ( and thus , a stronger constraint on their ability to accumulate capital ) longer . 
  worth noting but that 's pretty normal in europe for people to rent long term ( obviously varying country to country ) . 
  it actually highlights another point that you ca n't seperate this from the context of other protections like tenancy protections and rental price brakes . 
  e.g in germany plenty of people would rent an entire life as when your landlord is restricted from banging up rent willy nilly and you 're allowed far more freedom to decorate your home and you ca n't be evicted on a whim then this gives a lot more stability .
