  hence why my company is full of americans . 
  i got eu flat for 12 $ in germany . 
  we get fucked in the uk man . 
  is this not introducing more price flexibility ? 
  you can buy a card in romania and use the data in germany for example ? 
  what 's the issue here ? 
  when i say is that really true that 's more meant as `` is that really true ? '', 
  nah i did n't think it was credible either without any supporting evidence . 
  as said i have 0 stats or knowledge backing up that russia is any more/less racist/has more racial violence than other eastern european countries so i 'd have to defer to anecdotes/someone who knows more than me . 
  is that really true ? 
  as far as i know russia is actually quite diverse i was definitely surprised to find out that it 's like 5-10 % muslim for example . 
  i 'm sure they got their ultras and racists etc but i do n't think that much more than other eastern european countries ( as a stab in the dark granted ), 
  yes but that 's as much as you can do and your bot is still limited by the same as a human to 5 minutes or so the magnitude of manipulation is much lower ( + the problems of spoofing ips that much at that speed ) if you look at obsessive post-facters on here for example they 're posting every few minutes and just copying and pasting similar statements constantly . 
  multiply that by 100-200 people and it changes the general tone of a board far more as they can compensate for a larger number of `` normal '' users . 
  honestly i 'm really quite curious about how much of an effect this has when something is hard to brigade or manipulate as the actual board is . 
  it 's a completely different tone to the internet normally and it kind of makes you wonder how much of the angry internet is actually a smaller number of active loudmouths . 
  i see a similar effect that the internet in german ( just because i speak it ) has far less nutters when you 'd expect the porportions to be the same and apparently in dutch/danish/small languages it 's nearly 0 . 
  good luck trying we spent enough time saying it . 
  the only way this is going to get through is the incoming reality-slap when it turns out we ca n't just roll over countries militarily as a negotiating tactic anymore . 
  this specific paper is the sunday sport in fairness which has never even pretended to be real news . 
  well at least brexit will achieve one thing it said it would . 
   it sounds like a cheap way to rile up emotions and if your identity is dependent on the colour of your passport it is n't that strong of an identity anyway . 
  you 're surprised about that from supposed `` patriots '' who can only identify with a vision of britain that only existed 100 years ago ? 
  [ radicalise the moderates ... bring it all on !!, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aaqiftlh_ha ), 
  thanks v interesting . 
  as said i 'm largely ignorant on this outside of a few basics so im having to gather info . 
  absolutely correct , hence why i ` ms curious on the outcome of this . 
  even though i barely know anything on this particular brexit topic . 
  atm though they are . 
  hence why i ask . 
  it seems ( ? ), 
  they can hold it over british heads in negotiations hence the question . 
  of interest is there somewhere i can get a good analytical overview of this whole gibraltar thing and the ramifications of brexit that 's credible aka who 's threatening what and why ? 
  i really do n't know shit about this situation aside from gibraltar is part of britain and spain wants gibraltar and this seems to be a big issue atm . 
  i do n't think that 's quite why . 
  the whole point is they 're in submarines which could be on the other side of the planet , or parked off the coast of your country or whatever . 
  the bases are just there for refuelling/maintenance/logistics etc. 
  likely gibraltar is more to do with access to the mediterranean/middle east areas etc ( not that i 'd deny there 's probably some politics involved in `` where da nukes at ? '' ), 
   the residents are british nationals , but not uk citizens excuse my ignorance but how does that work ? 
  do they have british passports ? 
  is it british law there ? 
  what 's their highest court for example ? 
  is it our supreme court or do they have their own court systems ? 
  i find the idea that a country with a strong love of pork and beer is under sharia law is pretty amusing in fairness . 
  i 'm british born and bred and proud of my country ( even if i think we 've gone a bit mad atm ) . 
  why would i not have a uk flag ? 
  `` checking facts '' lol, 
  speaking sort of cynically though it seems kind of a crap issue to make the main focus of your party . 
  anyone who knows/cares likely already takes various measures and people who do n't care are n't going to give a shit . 
  [ lmao i was just commenting about people like you ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/62khv9/free_at_last/dfnkiir/ ) i live in germany btw if you took time to check the facts before spouting bollocks . 
   is not informed enough to have a meaningful opinion i do enjoy the back and forth . 
  hey do n't be so able-ist we should n't let things like `` knowing anything '' or `` thinking critically '' stop people from claiming that europe is all under sharia law and we all have to wear a burqa , even the men . 
  edit : [ right on cue lol here 's one now ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/62khv9/free_at_last/dfnkkgk/ ), 
  as said though it was us freaking out about any further economic integration and having to `` bail out da fakin greeks '' stopping them implementing any solutions . 
  hence why now this has happened talk about multi speed europe and proper border/security arrangements are moving . 
  it 's a bunch of countries working together rather than settling disputes with armies and trade wars . 
  how is that not good ? 
  it 's not a bunch of aliens beamed down from space ffs get a grip . 
  take a shit on the stupid . 
  plenty of conservatives do n't want brexit either . 
  this is an informed v uninformed spectrum same as trump . 
  every character in a guy ritchie film . 
  we all speak like that . 
  because we want to annoy them , the only thing worse than british people not learning other languages is british people speaking your language with a strong british accent . 
  [ which is why boris johnson is frantically telling everyone that 's not what they meant at all ] ( https://twitter.com/borisjohnson/status/847744379833860096 ), 
  you 're talking in future tense . 
  they 've already rowed back . 
  remember when brexit meant a stronger economy and more money for the nhs and no money paid ? 
  and then you point that out and people say you 're moaning . 
  ignorance . 
  `` climate change is a bad thing '' omg stop the propaganda `` punching yourself in the dick is a bad idea '' omg nice propaganda there . 
  brexit won a referendum , does n't make it not retarded . 
  problem is he 'll last as long as idiots cheer him on and if we 're waiting for morons to wake up to something being dumb then a lot of damage is going to be done in the meantime . 
  was he ok after you crashed into him ? 
  was it a racially motivated attack ? 
   and this is not acceptable . 
  hopefully you can understand why it is not acceptable to abuse brexiteers on this sub . 
  as said is it really abuse or is it people saying it 's stupid in the same way that people constantly ( leaving aside the arguments ) call feminists or communists or `` sjws '' stupid on reddit ? 
  no-one is abusing british people anyway so at least we agree there, 
  because as said i 've not gotten any abuse purely for having a british flag flair which is what a lot of people are crying about hence my suspicion that actually it 's often abuse for being a brexiter and/or spouting the standard myths . 
   i have received a lot of abuse on here . 
  however , i would at this point like to say that the moderators have been very helpful in banning people that are abusive and in deleting abusive posts . 
  was it abuse or was it just people saying you are deluded on what you think is going to happen ? 
   wanting the uk to leave the eu is not hateful . 
  no it 's not inherently hateful at all could n't agree more i was on the fence voting myself and i 'm certainly not `` pro-eu '' as in i 'm quite sceptical of federalisation , but the conduct of brexiters in internet comments and at the political decision making level and the arrogant attitude where we were doing ( as it turns out ) premature victory laps saying how `` they need us more than we need them we 'll just threaten them into giving us special treatment '' and the constant rubbishing of europe as a basket case not to mention the alliance with the racists and the loonies most definitely was . 
  why is this even being talked about though ? 
  it 's just like the eu citizens . 
  and then inevitably brexiters will then blame the eu for threatening security co-operation . 
  you ca n't say `` security co-operation is on the table in these negotiations '' when it 's an economic matter being discussed and then say `` that 's totes not a threat though '' . 
  and then of course they 'll demand `` reciprocity ! '', 
  to do the decent thing here . 
  they 're purely trying to pull this shit to play up to the brexit bubble . 
  as said though this is english exceptionalism in perfect form . 
  you think you 'd accept whitewashing of context when people tried to justify some nasty shit being done to you ? 
  crybullying is all it is . 
   no , uk 's competitiveness is given by a large number of factors and the access to the european market is only one of them . 
  yes it is only one , and we kicked the legs out of one of the bigger factors [ because we created a bad image in addition to already having ridiculous immigration laws for students ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/education/education-news/eu-students-numbers-apply-uk-universities-fall-7-per-cent-brexit-latest-news-figures-a7558131.html ) . 
  seriously we ca n't just keep saying `` no we did n't mean it like that '' and ignore how the uk looks to outsiders . 
  brexit has been a huge blow for the uks image globally and that does translate into lots of accumulating effects like decisions to study and spend money in uk universities which then have more money for infrastructure etc etc.
