  it only works in right wing circlejerks to take the most emotive extreme position that just has no correlation with reality . 
  not to mention that it has fuck all to do do with the initial conversation . 
  save your outrage and read the crap the guy said . 
  i 'm not arguing for kumbayah open the borders or whatever so you should probably be yelling at someone spouting that view point if you want to shoot copy pastes at everyone . 
  as said if you 're so outraged then perhaps save some outrage for the guy spouting crap and diverting the conversation off reality . 
  i live in germany and have for a couple of years . 
  i 'm pretty much stuck here till i get residency thanks to the current situation :p . it 's nothing to do with regard ( for me at least ) i do n't demand to be treated better because i 'm british or something . 
  all i want is a society where i can get a job get training , work and afford to be able to enjoy my life and live mostly bullshit free . 
  the uk did n't offer that to me due to various political decisions taken over the last 20-30 years so my tax goes to german pensioners now . 
  i 'm sure for some people brexit is the driver but i think for most brexit is very low down on the list but now it 's closing the door and forcing action . 
  i could probably do canada now i have training but back when i was looking for my first graduate job i had pretty much bugger all chance . 
  and i do feel a genuine debt to germany much more than the uk that the position i 'm in is because of both the eu and germanys training ethos.but perhaps if i get bored i might go back to an english speaking country we 'll see . 
   i always wondered what the benefit our elites saw in letting a million young healthy men into the country , who come from areas where violence is the go-to solution i 'll let you speak for you . 
  its not crazy just keep things reality based and drop the emotive dog whistles its pretty simple . 
  youre only going back on this because you were called out for it . 
  one million violent young men . 
  factually innacurate both in numbers and gender and the action of `` let in '' . 
  completely devoid of context . 
  its just a lazy refrain that then stops people like me who would normally talk about enforcing laws on people who actually commit crimes rather than the path your assumptions lead to of creating pre-crime of being a muslim . 
  absolutely not . 
  very simple . 
  oh dear more post-fact rubbish . 
  how can we have a discussion on this if whenever we have a conversation someone like you is just flying in with hysterical race baiting rather than actually discussing the facts ? 
  youre welcome to switch with us or the us . 
  well take a mostly sensible economic leader with at least a vague understanding on the social contract and a link to reality . 
  people arent even holding out for perfect anymore . 
  fair enough id say . 
  social contract is pretty much completely dead in the uk even before brexit . 
  its looking like moving abroad to get that first career job a few years back is likely going to be the best decision i make in my life . 
  itd be more useful to see how many actually follow through on this . 
  certainly a whole lot more friends and friends of friends have been asking me about moving to germany than i ever expected . 
  mainly its about being able to actually enjoy life on a normal salary ( e.g rent protections ) over politics id say but well see . 
  because most of it ( e.g stews etc ) are offshoots of french cooking . 
  the only distinctive bit is pies or roasts ( again basically german food ) . 
  plus lasagne the italians get credit for despite it appearing in british cookbooks centuries ago . 
  one really bad period of meat and two boiled veg after rationing and people lazily assume thats it . 
  we kind of had the last laugh as having lived in a few places in europe we have the widest variety of food and ingredients in supermarkets . 
  fantastic variety of places to eat in every town to the point that its normalised now that most signficant towns have a few good chains ( e.g wagamamas nandos ) and a few independent places of various types . 
  plus more people cook and try stuff out now . 
  which then also feeds into higher dining standards . 
  while italian and french food culture ( e.g real struggle to get foreign restaurants in central paris ) is either inward looking haute cuisine or bastardised for tourists . 
  italian is all in the execution but the cuisines high points are either simple signatures ( e.g pizza or bruschetta ) or stuff like porchetta that couldve come out of northern europe . 
  this is all without going into the fact that the british form of the roast or steak and ale pie or lamb and mint sauce are just superlative . 
  trust me its hard not to miss it when abroad and ingredients are much less diverse on a routine basis . 
  i 'm just enjoying a minor typo and being a dick about it for a cheap joke . 
  ca n't help myself . 
  absolutely why do we have to know what the polish think in every bloody election anyway ? 
  who made them so important that people constantly bang on about what the poles say ? 
  i 'm messing about , but yeah it 's quite cool although i find the split between new saxony and mercia with saxony having london quite strange . 
  for starters as a fun thought game assuming this counter factual world then we likely do n't really have the norman invasions or the roman influence so london would likely not have had quite the same significance as the capital . 
  and thinking about it jesus christ would likely have been a lot more wars there . 
  [ mfw anglo-merica ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/vk7vesvyzewui/giphy.gif ) also am i wrong in thinking this is kind of an indicator of population density ? 
  no you 're right , many ( in fact the vast majority ) are long term residents and/or second/third generation citizens . 
  the recent asylum applications are 1-1 .5 million people out of about 20-30 million or so depending how you count and who you define as muslim etc. 
  you say the eu does nothing about tax . 
  i link you a piece of legislation about anti corporate tax avoidance . 
  you scream bias ... 
   if you really believe this shit then i feel sorry for yet another delusional fool . 
  [ starting point for you to start informing yourself ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/business/company-tax/anti-tax-avoidance-package/anti-tax-avoidance-directive_en )  the eu is a merciless worker exploitation machine when it comes to countries like italy , greece or even spain . 
  but i can see through you and what you stand for becuase , well , it 's all on tv . 
  whereas russia is much better lol . 
   ( i do n't have a problem with muslims ) and yet you seem to be saying that a candidate with a massive problem with muslims is somehow superior . 
  as said this seems to be a shitload of projection here , from accusing everyone else of being shills to how the person actually giving sources is uninformed . 
  from an account with such comments as  western propaganda is a fact , not fiction . 
  some of the issues raised by rt would n't be raised in western media , and vice-versa . 
  different parties represent different interests . 
  regardless of which side you are on , you ca n't not acknowledge reality . 
  edit : many of you are in denial , as i already know . 
  others are not in denial , but they 're on someone 's payroll . 
  and a nice spot of sbrenica twaddle here  welp , i 'm sorry to say this but it is an uncomfortable truth that the dutch were responsible for the protection of the massacred civilians . 
  sorry , but we ca n't deny well known facts in the name of siding with the netherlands . 
  for a supposed `` socialist '' you sure do love right wing candidates and kleptocratic oligarch authoritarians like erdogan and putin . 
   you are not advocating changing that refugee policy , therefore by design you have no issue with millions of people turning up here . 
  with that policy there is no way to turn them back . 
  am i not ? 
  i literally just said what i 'd change . 
  it sounds like you 're too used to spaffing off the standard rant to actually consider what 's being said . 
   laughable that people like you seem to equate not wanting your country filled with barbaric foreign cultures to shutting down democracy . 
  how do you even reach that conclusion ? 
  do you just have a `` leftist '' bingo card that you try and complete with every post ? 
  yep , `` leftists '' `` people like you '' `` barbaric foreign cultures '' yep that 's a full bingo on post-fact breitbart buzzword bingo . 
  just missing somehow `` globalist corporatists '' and a schrodingers immigrant and we 're all there . 
  i 've already said , there 's nothing here other than a theoretical analysis based on assuming the earth is square and an absolutely miniscule effect from remittances . 
   ah yes . 
  the interesting age in which preserving one 's ethnic identity equals nationalism , golden boy bankers are hard working people who did not inherit money and society is not ruled over by rich people . 
  let 's all joyfuly unite under a common flag : that of corporatism . 
  what are you actually against here ? 
  you keep banging out corporatist buzzwords while implying germany and france etc do n't have a far superior protection of workers than russia the us or the uk or turkey ? 
  these supposed `` anti-corporatist globalist '' are the biggest fucking sellouts going ? 
  they dress themselves up in family values and sell everyone out to oil companies and global oligarchs just like russia the us and what brexiters want to do in the uk . 
  meanwhile the so called `` corporatist '' countries of the eu that you rail against are the only ones actually fighting against globalist tax evasions and worker exploitation , but you pick the latter because you just want the muslims gone ? 
   your view of `` let everyone in '' never said that at all . 
  we adhere to refugee policy in specific existing rules apply on normal migration . 
  we should be enforcing the existing rules rather than giving into erdogan esque populists trying to score points and shut down democracy by exploiting divisions and some mysterious enemy who we totally need to get rid of everyone that we dont like politically to stop . 
  innocent till proven guilty , we can do lots to improve the enforcement of the system absolutely but i do n't need to see why we start doing segregation of muslims like this because populists shout emotionally enough . 
  that 's how we end politically up like the country that syrians are leaving in the first place . 
   we should n't assume that every refugee wants to do this , because that 's simply and obviously not the case , but we have to . 
  that 's literally what you 're saying here that because of extremists all muslims must be punished whether they support do n't support them or fucking hate them for destroying their countries . 
  that 's a dark road there to assume that group x are all trying to kill us . 
   but we have to .
