  also worth noting is there are a lot of carribean and jamaican places but i ca n't name any major chains . 
  these are all affordable-ish places to various degrees . 
  add in london in particular with huge variety of fancy/high-end stuff and eating out is pretty great in the uk . 
  and this completely forgets not just about indian food but that we actually have our own styles of indian food that were created in the uk with a completely different method of cooking for restaurants ( see british indian restaurant curry versus traditional methods ) . 
  in the home as well loads of people know how to cook a lot wider variety of foods than meat and veg and there 's a huge interest in cooking and baking shows thanks to some globally famous chefs . 
  even normal supermarkets in the uk stock ingredients for a way wider variety of cuisines than i 've seen outside of the us i 'd guess . 
  let alone fancy ones + world food shops . 
  tl : dr food in the uk is n't just fish and chips . 
   https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3mjdah/refugees_terrorizing_german_people_in_their_own/cvfgsm1  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3mjdah/refugees_terrorizing_german_people_in_their_own/cvfk40k  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3mjdah/refugees_terrorizing_german_people_in_their_own/cvfm108  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3mjdah/refugees_terrorizing_german_people_in_their_own/cvfjbcy perhaps i am making it all up for propaganda because i really give that much of a shit . 
  but these do n't exactly sound like reasoned critiques . 
  if i 'm honest this is n't too different to any other of the threads of this type that do n't get deleted . 
  the far-right does not want the status quo at all . 
  the status quo is free-market societies of various levels with some level of migration and no false ideas of superiority to other people based on where my parents are from . 
  that 's what i like to live under in a general sense . 
  it is n't perfect but it 's better than the other systems and can be reformed to become better . 
  indeed it 's a far better policy for everyone to absolutely tighten our borders and stop queue jumping from happening and deport those doing it illegally . 
  and if they do n't have documents then just put them in jail till they remember where they come from . 
  even the cost of those flights pails in terms of the risk that we 've exposed ourselves to in terms of the future . 
  i think you need to look up what `` inquisitive '' means in the dictionary old boy . 
  half this thread is you saying anyone expressing scepticism to this video is part of some conspiracy . 
  especially the people who actually understand whats being said in the video and how irrelevant it sounds to migrants are the ones you seem to be getting most annoyed at . 
  ok so if the bbc in your perception has more `` normal '' people in their coverage then perhaps it might just be that if you have a large number of people they will reflect a normal sample slightly more . 
  this just is n't equivalent . 
  if it was equivalent the bbc would be completely falsifying stuff like that it 's all cute families and doctors . 
  this on the other hand is unlikely to even actually be legit refugees or any evidence of anything . 
  i 'm not denying that yeah there 's always going to be moments that to some will appear biased . 
  but this and all the other `` watch migrants terrorise x blah deblah '' is just made up from either implying it 's representative '' to being completely made-up . 
  i 'm not in favour of immigration but i 'm really fucking sick of being told that i 'm living under sharia law in berlin now . 
  well scroll down the page a bit then to the `` yay diversity '' and `` thanks merkel '' copypasta . 
  but this is the point the majority are falsifiably from syria and warzones . 
  no one denies that there are some whos applications will get denied and yet these propaganda vids completely make stuff up . 
  meanwhile people like yousay `` yeah but they do it too ! '', 
  for the most minor perceived biases while making completely egregious fakes purely to stoke up the gullible . 
  `` think critically '' is a meaningless statement if you are only going to think critically on things that dont fit your agenda as well . 
  reddit has a problem with thinking saying `` be logical/critical '' and actually doing it are the same thing . 
  as someome living in berlin , id feel like i should call the police and let them deal with crims . 
  much the same as if anyone else was . 
  i know that calling people racist is literally more offensive than actual racism on reddit . 
  but sometimes i get this strange feeling that when its white people/stupid poor kids whatever this definitely wouldnt be rocketing up in votes with people saying `` see !? 
  we told you they 're all violent thugs ! '', 
  however if its brown looking people theyre always `` refugees '' and it always represents all of them and it totally invalidates the claims of actual refugees because theyre all economic migrants actually . 
  people dont speak german is the problem so they can put any old shit in the captions of the video . 
  and the gullible want this kind of video to exist . 
  this video doesnt even look like near a refugee camp and it deffo doesnt even mention the word refugees or anything similar . 
  theres no time to find out . 
  grab your pitchforks . 
  its not like anyone would take a picture of a random disturbance and claim that its refugees to fit an agenda would they ? 
  and its definitely not like the gullible would lap up something that fits their notion of refugees all being maniacs . 
  http://1.media.dorkly.cvcdn.com/50/27/0d41808f60af8871fa122b3b0f37ab1b.gif you might even think that people are just scrabbling for excuses and copypasta to say they shouldnt be here : o, 
  will have to get him the blonde wig then . 
  i do n't think there 's an answer to that question , how long is a piece of string i guess , depends on if they prioritise families for flats ( likely ) or a million other variables . 
   sounds pretty much same as unfamous part of town in my country what i would say is that is exactly what should be avoided and is a different case . 
  your first thing it 's a sliding scale , cramming them all into one place will definitely create an unintegrated ghetto and be a problem . 
    you have no idea what is coming , we have lived it through , we have seen it happen . 
  people are trying to warn you , ou well well actually i do , i live in berlin and it 's here already . 
  honestly few more arabic people on the street i guess ( hard to tell there were a lot of turkish already ) and last year there was that camp i mentioned that was actually bad . 
  i just do n't think it 's that bad . 
  i 'm being told online that i 'm living in some post-apocalyptic wasteland already when actually i just get up to work and pop down the gym and go to my office completely sharia law free . 
  it 's this contrast between the internet and reality i live in that 's making the hysteria seem kind of silly . 
  biggest issue for normal people in berlin at the moment is house prices rises caused by said buy-to-leave investors just making luxury flats to just sit on . 
  i honestly could n't give a fuck about refugees , i 'm not like `` pro-refugee '' i 'm tolerant but i wouldn ' t go out of my way to welcome them , but the assumptions that they 're going to trash the place and impose sharia law is just silly to hear . 
  and then we have extremely tenuous arguments like house prices etc for `` oh we ca n't possibly put them there , someone needs to think of the property investors ! '', 
  honestly i think the `` house prices are going to drop off a cliff '' thing is pretty over-the-top . 
  for starters housing refugees like this distributed where the apartments are free mixed in with normal people they wo n't have nearly the effect that everyones thinking about and is probably actually better for integration which is a real issue . 
  this thing of `` house prices are going to drop off a cliff ! '', 
  is coming from nowhere and i do n't know where the assumption came from . 
  for starters the areas spoken about are half-turkish half-hipster areas in the first place . 
  now what would actually be a bad solution for house prices is what was happening a while back on oranienplatz where refugees/migrants whatever could n't get housing and along with a load of commies set-up a big city on this square which i had to walk past going to work and eventually got shut because drug dealers were hiding shit in there and people were going in and mugging them and it was dirty etc. 
  that would lower house prices far more than distributing a load of refugees in amongst normal people discretely and unconcentrated in the community . 
  that 's the alternative faced if they do n't explore any ideas . 
  to take this highly specific hypothetical case , how will people know they 're migrants ? 
  will they have to wear blue hats ? 
  if someone comes to berlin and freaks out at the sight of middle eastern looking people they 're in for a bad time in the first place , especially in f'hain - kreuzberg . 
   buyers come to see migrants play in yard of a 300k eur condo , dont know whats expensive in berlin , boom 30-50k of the price , or they dont buy it at all just to step back for a sec why is the house-prices so overwhelmingly important over all other issues here exactly ? 
  why are we prioritising buy-to-leave investors over all other considerations ? 
  most people in berlin would prefer it if house prices dropped and international property investors fucked off . 
   and we are talking about all the properties in the said building . 
  so not only the property of affected forced renter , but all the people who have a mortgage are gon na be really happy to get a visit from bank evaluator you/everyone keeps hysterically talking about this like the stasi are going to come along and kick normal people out on the street and then downvoting anyone who has a clue what they 're talking about or has read the article . 
  these are properties registered as unoccupied ( you have to do a registration of your address when you change address in berlin even for secondary addresses ) and can only be being used for speculative purposes if there is an owner and no occupier . 
  that 's tough tits if i 'm honest if your supposed money tree of housing is a bust . 
  also where is this assumption about house prices going off a cliff coming from ? 
  they 're putting some refugees in already existing housing not knocknig down all the buildings and putting up a camp . 
  toxic waste . 
  berlin and kreuzberg/friedrichshain in particular has a huge amount of turkish people already . 
  why would this be any different than if non-refugees were living there ? 
  tl : dr no stasi kicking families onto the street unoccupied properties , not mortaged , are buy-to-leave huge assumptions of housing price collapse, 
   what is guaranteed is the fact that the property will be destroyed by the time the tenant moves out , or maybe he doesnt move out at all as germany lets 50 % of deported people undeported guranteed ? 
  did n't realise all migrants were chimpanzees and not normal people  . 
  so yes this will be a long term nightmare for the owners . 
  here in ee we had rent control set to below utility prices and people had to sue in the eu court to get something , and they did get pennies after 10 + years , meaning they had to pay for the utilities repairs from their own pocket , why they have been laughed at by their `` renters '' not the same ,  thats the real life , not some childish naivity you display here what ? 
  not being hysterical about some buy-to-leave properties being forcibly rented out as a temporary measure in a crisis rather than have refugees on the streets ? 
   who is gon na pay the utility bill ? 
  who is gon na pay the overusage of water gas and so on ? 
  i ve seen a place thatwas rented for 5 years and in ee you had to put 5k eur to make it marketable for sale again . 
  so with price of handyman in germany make it 7k eur . 
  also if high end finishes are used , make it 10k why are all these details suddenly a block . 
  the government will pay it that 's the point , nebenkosten is part of your warm rent in germany ( cold rent is without operating costs )  marketable for sale again . 
  so with price of handyman in germany make it 7k eur . 
  also if high end finishes are used , make it 10k again , where is this trashing thing coming from ? 
  they 're families not chimpanzees  you have clearly no idea how much proper work in an appartment costs and you have no idea what you 're reading it seems .
