  and then even when they do do this , the worst that happens is they have to give a right of reply to the accused . 
  if it 's really a miscarriage of justice then that right of reply wo n't be convincing either . 
  at the moment though it 's just allowing malicious people ( i think politicians should be under this law as well ) to just drop lies and then scuttle away without consequence which is n't the same as encouraging a democratic dialogue . 
  i must admit there is some strength to your point that people should be investigating themselves . 
  but when no sources are accountable then that simply is n't a compaitable solution . 
  it becomes the loudest shouter becomes the truth . 
  and more than i fear your dystopia i fear one of leadership by the loudest and most shameless liar far more scary . 
  well i certainly do n't look at most other countries with protections against malicious press reporting with shame and disgust . 
  as said having to print `` we lied about this '' in the same place as you lie about something is n't quite the same as state ownership and killing all journalists . 
  and as said at the moment we have our own unelected `` ministers of truth '' who can just print complete bullshit in their favour and do n't get challenged for it at all . 
  it 's a distortion of reality exactly the same as a dystopian government doing it . 
  and at least the government we have recourse against through courts if they lie about us . 
  well , yes that 's kind of how law works . 
  you take the evidence and weigh it . 
  when some one is faking a story like `` romanian gun runners '' a court of law can establish - was this faked ? 
  - was it dishonest to fake it ? 
  - have they attempted to deceive this court in proceedings ? 
  - was this done for malicious reasons ? 
  and then a punishment such as `` same page , same location , victim gets a rebuttal '' or `` we apologise for the fact that we paid a load of random blokes to pretend to be gun runners , it was done to convince you that romanians are all criminals '' . 
  the problem at the moment is they know they 're lying for attention but they 'll only apologise when the people manipulated by the lie have forgotten about it or do n't see it . 
  this is completely non-sustainable in a democratic society . 
  it 's as harmful as real censorship in my opinion as it distorts reality and plays with facts . 
  judges . 
  just as we do in other cases . 
  as said it clearly is n't working with self-regulation . 
  the consequence is they have to print a right of reply of the same size and the same location for the party lied about . 
  it works perfectly well in other countries and the standard is still a usual legal standard . 
  we have someone deciding the truth in plenty of other cases and i do n't see the issue with it being possible to escalate to a legal burden here . 
  at this point it is far more dangerous to our free society that we can have xenophobia whipped up and our civil society and political debate destroyed . 
  works absolutely fine when applied in other countries . 
  i really used to be for moderation on it but here and in america it 's far more undermining than mere press freedom . 
  i 've also very rarely caught them absolutely bare faced making up bullshit . 
  just off the top of my head i can name this , queen supports brexit , `` we 're from europe let us in !, 
  '' , `` ca n't be deported because he has a cat '' . 
  every single one very clearly targeted to manipulate weak-minded people who do n't read in depth and each one completely mendacious . 
  indeed , im getting absolutely sick of this ability to lie consequence free and i think the last straw is it has completely fucked my country politically that a whole referendum campaign ( two if you include av ) was allowed to be fought with constant bollocks stories ( even if they 've been happening for 40 years ) . 
  it 's completely destroyed any civil society or real political debate in the uk that outright lying is tolerated as somehow equal to facts . 
  all retractions at the same size in the same location written by the legal profession . 
  my schadenfreude if he gets legally fucked by a countries courts where his gutter journalism is n't accepted will be absolutely epic in scale . 
  someone should get a child in romania to say he molested them and then refuse to apologise and see how he reacts to untrue stories . 
  we all know a couple i 'd say who genuinely believe the crazy stuff . 
  but even in left wing circles i 'd say they 're a minority unless you 've got a really low standard for it . 
  as said most people are pretty irritated at the contradictions created by blindling loving islam unconditionially while believing in feminism . 
  i feel like someones missing something . 
  this is what i 'm saying that in reality there was huge cross party support , as there is in most countries where this is proposed . 
  brexiters , alt-right , trumpers etc. 
  it 's all the same anti-fact thing . 
  why have facts when we can get mad at what we feel is happening ? 
  not sure i really even have a problem with this . 
  as someone who sees a fair few people in burqas where i live in berlin there is absolutely no way that they do anything but make them invisible to society . 
  not even cashiers will talk to them in the supermarket . 
  completely unviable for any hope if integrating people even forgetting about the security issues . 
  hopefully we can use the people who get angry about it as nice signposts for the people who can politely be asked to fuck off to somewhere where they have their backwards ass laws . 
  the straw man homogenous leftists that people love to imagine exist . 
  in reality more a few people who thought it was an over-reaction . 
  it 's all fair enough , i do n't know the irish system personally . 
  but my main point is this could give them some problems down the line in all kinds of unforeseen ways , effectively making them take the burden for brexit . 
  being a citizen of a country gives all kinds of rights and the applicants who want them for tourism etc are n't going to be picking up the duties . 
  does n't affect me personally i 'm coming up to the point where i can get residency for germany in a couple years . 
  but as said it seems very unfair to expect the irish to be picking up the slack on this for a consequence of british political parlour games . 
  as said the main issue is n't about the ni citizens who actually have a connection . 
  there 's this bodge job happening where they 're having to administer a shitload of us brits claiming citizenship despite no real connection to the country due to a quirk of their rules . 
  basically so they can travel and work a bit easier . 
  e.g are there implications for their pensions system if loads of people become eligible for it who never paid into it etc ? 
  fair enough people take the loopholes but this is a pretty bodgey job and could screw up a fair few things down the line . 
  e.g what happens if you suddenly start having large amounts of british people who can vote on irish issues etc ? 
  a secondary point is it also seems very unfair to many people who also do n't want to be restricted in their life plans by stupid people but do n't have an irish grandparent or whatever . 
  granted the only people i 'm genuinely annoyed at is the brit government because their faffing about with what happens to freedom of movement etc for the sake of their ridiculous negotiating position is what 's causing the uncertainty and panic for people . 
  as mentioned previously if the eu were to offer this kind of scheme for people to apply to ( e.g some minor german parties were floating this type for people like myself living there already ) then it would actually be thought through and planned properly , and probably be a huge coup in terms of pr and opening up to educated young british people . 
  this is on the level of those silly old beans banging on about red passports at the moment . 
  have a word with yourself . 
  why would they do that ? 
  or are you just spouting bollocks and you are n't going to actually reply to anything when called out ? 
  the downside is for the irish and their system having to administer it for a shitload of people who 've got fuck all to do with the country outside some long lost relative and have no interest in contributing to it or connecting to the country at all . 
  if we want a solution for `` outward looking brits '' then likely the eu can come up with some scheme or exemption rather than everyone jumping on a loophole that is n't designed for what it 's being asked to do . 
  nah the angry culture warrior demographic who were yelling at the eu are definitely not going to suddenly start being introspective and blaming themselves . 
  short term they 'll blame remain voters + politicians + experts for talking down the economy etc. 
  longer term they 're going to constantly blame that we did n't brexit enough . 
  moment we have to make any compromises in order to secure our economy . 
  we 'll still have immigrants coming in and they 'll blame the eu for that . 
  and even if we do leave the single market , kick out all the immigrants and fuck our economy and have the purest brexit possible they 'll claim the eu stitched us up maliciously . 
  this is the worst part for me they 're never going to be happy or have a solution . 
  [ amusing little ft article on a list of excuses used ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4aa912fa-4423-11e6-b22f-79eb4891c97d.html?siteedition=intl#axzz4gpxtcech ) ( apologies for paywall ), 
  as someone british living in germany i 'm genuinely rather confused by this . 
  leaving aside that in my opinion it 's pretty shitty to be taking the piss out of irish citizenship like this , at the practical level . 
  a ) people applying for tourism reasons are just being really silly there 'll be freedom of movement for tourists 100 % . 
  freedom of movement has very little to do with tourists . 
  b ) for those applying for work reasons ( noting very few brits actually work abroad vs pensioners etc ) it 's i. unlikely to change much with us using the visa applications anyway ii . 
  freedom of movement is very unlikely to absolutely completely dissapear iii . 
  even if it does completely dissapear and we go full retard then the criteria for citizenship would n't magically change overnight . 
  honestly unless you 're actually living in the eu and you worry about pension rights etc afterwards then this mad rush for passports thing just seems to be as dumb as when kippers were yelling at everyone to vote using a pen . 
  there 's also a lot of people who do n't have a clue what it means to apply for citizenship , especially people just pitching up and applying for countries like belgium etc. 
  they seem to think it 's as easy as the daily mail claims that you just fill out some forms when each country is different and has requirements for languages , residency etc. 
  i 'm dissapointed by the outcome of the vote but this stuff is just hysteria . 
  how much competition is there for the wbs flats though ? 
  certainly in berlin lot of people seem to be chasing around after a dwindling supply of them . 
  you do n't live in berlin clearly :p, 
  400 $ does not go very far even in the cheapest areas of germany . 
  once you start adding in transport , utilities , food etc it goes pretty quick . 
  always have to remember cost of living too .
