  you 've pretty much summed up politics in 2016 there . 
  meh theres 2 outcomes 1 . 
  boris johnson and the brexiters quit when the bullshit mountain comes falls over and the slapdowns get too much . 
  they botch negotiations and get the blame for screwing up brexit . 
  may falls back to soft brexit . 
  as you say noones happy . 
  brexiters angry that we didbt brexit hard enough or we brexit too hard and its the evil eu sabotaging us . 
  and remainers are just wondering what the bloody hell the point was of this whole game . 
  `` the eu is literally hitler for trying to introduce ttip ! '', 
  and `` without the eu we can have a totally great free trade deal with america lol stupid euros '' jesus feckin wept at the contradictions of this brexit silliness ... 
  why does that matter ? 
  we arent negotiating with just western europe . 
  its a bloc , brexiters understand this when saying we cant negotiate trade deals independently but then suddenly when its inconvenient to the argument then everyone suddenly has amnesia . 
  yes you may think that because everyone has said it repeatedly from the eu to the coubtries . 
  but the response to you i have is german cars . 
  everything will be fine , we can totally say fuck off to the cricket club , not pay our membership fees and then still have the cheap beer . 
  only the british have sovereignty and anyone else using their sovereignty to protect their interests is literally hitler . 
  why ? 
  tell us all why its a good thing in terms of real reasons ? 
  visas . 
  many will be eu citizens anyway , many staff they can probably hire replacements in the country eventually . 
  theyll be fine . 
  brexit only fucks normal people . 
  move abroad . 
  e.g get to five years in germany and you got residency and then you can just laugh at the whole thing . 
  it didnt fuck anyone except the people from brexit voting areas who lose their jobs and regional eu subsidies and are now crying about it . 
  its like punching yourself in the face in the middle of a fight . 
  one positive of brexit is itll stop our government blaming the eu and be honest to fishermen that theyre killing the environment and theyll have to fish sustainably still ... lol, 
  i still feel like im in a monty python sketch when everyone keeps banging on about fishing . 
  its like hearing were going to give up being a modern economy and go back to agrarian economy . 
  48 % of the country will blame brexit and 52 % will be blaming the eu still as we didnt quite brexit hard enough and that evil eu is sabotaging us by not giving us everything we want . 
  bloody sovereignty sucks when other people have it too . 
  no he isnt . 
  but rvery neo nazi and racist is voting trump and hes playing up to it . 
   pro upa ( ukrainian nationalist group that slaughtered over 100k poles ) graffiti but when they were caught they were promptly deported back to ukraine . 
  kick out people who commit crime and abuse the hospitality of the country theyre in , what kind of madness is this !, 
  how is that overriding sovereignty ? 
  theyre just saying `` if you create bureaucracy and bullshit needlessly then well go somewhere easier to do our business '' . 
  only brexiters seem to be offended by the idea that other people also have sovereignty and will state their position . 
  whose left wing here ? 
  just non-deluded people who dont want to pointlessly fuck our economy and society in search of some whimsical werthers original vision of the uk, 
  lot of triggered plastic paddies lol . 
  in fairness not casting any opinions on this but the recent refugee thing is a drop in the water . 
  for most countries large non european populations are in their second/third gen by now . 
  e.g right wing wank toy rotherham has feck all to do with the refugee thing . 
  these goalposts seem to be shifting a lot though . 
  certainly in the uk a hell of a lot of people are on in-work benefits because they are in lower paid/not high paid work . 
  thus the reasoning behind the 30,000 limit for non-eu migrants . 
  i 'm not sure i 'd be calling that some moral failing though . 
  indeed , a lot of people do n't seem to understand the difference in the rush to le evil muslims . 
  perhaps it 's poes law but it sounds pretty serious to me . 
  `` welfare leech '' is generally not a humorous term in any context . 
  unless you mean my own comment . 
  ok , but as said i do n't agree with various laws in the germany that could be interpreted as a `` rejection of german values '' . 
  that does n't mean i 'm a terrorist , it just means i do n't agree with everything , likewise many people in the uk do n't agree with some stuff . 
  i 'm extremely hesitant to deride a whole group of people for some people disagreeing with something , in the same way that i 'm very hesitant to deride a whole bunch of jews as `` anti-western '' for not eating pork and objecting to the british eating it . 
  hows it sarcasm ? 
  thats actually what happened . 
  you must be v young or not read papers to have missed wild stereotyping of the polish as benefit scroungers . 
  thats kind of my point . 
  it wasnt based in fact rather on hysterical generalisations . 
  hence why im so embarassed by recent beatings/killings of polish people in the uk based on these tabloid stereotypes . 
  thats pure denial of history . 
  the poles were the daily mail hate group of choice for a good few years when they were settling in too . 
  after them it was romanians and bulgarians . 
  point is , ive seen this before . 
  yes and many irish people were ira terrorists . 
  we didnt make a pre-crime of being irish . 
  i dont see your point as to why we should be treating all syrians as terrorists . 
  less than irish people who have commited more than muslims . 
  whats your point here keeping score ? 
  were shifting the topic of convo now that your first point you dont like when its applied to people like you . 
  why do we get to sweep all muslims with the same brush when its wrong to do it with eastern europeans ? 
  i was n't sure if the polish thief jokes are actually a reflection of real stereotypes of the vicousness of the tabloid hatred that we had in the uk . 
  ( and apparently still seem to have lurking around after recent beatings and killings ) . 
  what 's the source on this ? 
  because there 's a terrible habit of far-right websites of using data like this and including kids and the elderly and others unable to work and then sticking them into cohorts . 
  that shitty data then filters down into the internet and becomes an axiom . 
  certainly if you look [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/53mce2/hungary_wants_foreign_workers_so_long_as_they/d7ugc23?context=3#d7uftdh ) there 's a chap i was talking with posting the expectations of now , and there are numerous reports from both government and non-government sources on migration showing a quite different picture to yours where they are net contributors even when other factors come into it ( that 's the big issue with turkish people in germany for example is low attainment in schools as one example ) . 
  no probs , i 'm just noticing a lot of people doing it recently and i feel like more people should be calling out red herrings . 
  too many convos with post-fact people keep flying around between different issues on things like brexit , trump v clinton etc , refugee crisis etc. 
  that 's fine , i 'm aware of the argument and i personally agree , but i do n't think saying `` children should be allowed to wear what they want , including religious stuff , in school '' is quite on the level of `` kill all the gays '' that everyone seems to be itching to be outraged about . 
  actually in this case it 's a red herring as it 's distracting from the substance of the argument . 
  polish flag ... buying into shit-tier media stereotypes of welfare leeches/benefit tourists after years of polish being unfairly stereotyped as such in the uk . 
  the irony is killing me . 
  wrong . 
  refugees are allowed to get work permits and are starting to filter into roles in germany after processing , language schools etc. 
   uneducated , aggressive , intolerant , fundamentalists with penchant for spontaneous explosions = / = refugees love how everyone gets absolutely outraged by wild stereotypes of hungarians/romanians/slovaks etc as lazy gypsies by the daily mail and various idiot media , and then applies that exact same stupid media stereotyping to others . 
  i remember defending poles , bulgarians etc from the same types of arguments when they were first coming into the uk and were `` definitely not going to culturally integrate '' and `` all thieves or fraudsters '' etc etc. 
  ... `` but this time it 's different '' ... yeah whatever . 
  i think this chap is mistaking the joke people make about afd whining for a real thing . 
  ok where 's your credible source ? 
  as said we 've gone from `` 100 % unemployed , useless wastrels '' to `` ok now they 're actually allowed to work and are starting to filter through the system it 's 98 % '' . 
  i 'm not expecting the internet loonies to stop being angry but the statistics clearly do n't fit the post-fact worldview . 
  extrapolating long-term trends from the present is very foolish , especially when it 's very clear that things are moving , and doubly especially when you clearly do n't live in the place and you are n't informed enough . 
  you can get angry at me for pointing this out and asking for some reflection all you want but it does n't change the facts , and at the end of the day my taxes as someone working in germany go to pay for it so it 's in my incentive to be at least somewhat informed on it . 
  no it 's overwhelming evidence both countering the initial point and pointing out the complexities at play versus absurd reductionism only where muslims come into play . 
  is it elevating one set of religious beliefs over secular beliefs for no reason other than `` god said so '' ? 
  yes ? 
  then it can safely be called theocratic .
