  kinda like no-one disagrees with `` lets grow the economy '' or `` lets make world peace '' but what that means and what consequences are tolerable is where all the fighting happens . 
  that 's berlin outside the ring . 
  luxembourg and/or zurich . 
  no picture of 1966 world cup . 
  english person acting like they are n't spotted . 
  come with us please sir ... 
  worth noting for me as an english speaker i find it a lot easier to read the compound words right to left if i get confused at them and you can see a ship that lays cables at lot easier . 
  it 's a bit confusing to go from the precise concept to the general concept i find . 
  check out the guy who does n't worship thor and odin . 
  in fairness it was printed in the times . 
  and they and their readers have their agenda that we ca n't even possibly think of going slightly more left than we are now or we 'll be greece and everyone will be homeless . 
  guardian does it too with refugee thing it 's all pandering to readers . 
  naja so `` in theory '' it 's blue collar jobs , but where i 'm at ( berlin ) they 're screaming for database people atm . 
  aka if you can type sql and/or python you 'll have a job, 
  love it , best decision of my life my quality of life on my equivalent salary is great compared to still living in student-esque conditions in a shared flat and not being able to afford anything fun ( the nightlife and late drinking here is pretty great too ) . 
  i 'm a database/business intelligence programmer i guess would be the best generic term for it with a side in vba programming as well at the same company . 
  they 're cheap for me for tourism yeah ( though i actually live in germany now but that does n't matter ) . 
  but my britishness does n't mean my salary would magically change to being in pounds i 'd still be being paid at local rates and i would have the same income/cost of living ratio as everyone else . 
  i would say that my impression of h1b from reddit ( and that is not a representative thing granted ) is that people seem to dislike it and claim it 's used to undercut workers in the us . 
  have you found that ? 
  that was literally the start of the conversation where i wanted to hear how true what you just said was . 
  ok i was exaggerating with the lazy thing , theres probably grey areas and stand out cases of abuse yeah . 
  but chaps like the op who moved from ukraine may well be `` cheaper '' in absolute terms or they might not . 
  just because someones from a country where a progrmmer costs less in absolute terms does n't mean they are going to move to be paid less as an equivalent to costs of living . 
  i definitely would n't move abroad if i was then going to be living in a lower standard than what i enjoy , hence now in germany it would take a lot of money for me to move back to the uk because i have a standard of living here i quite like that would cost a lot in london . 
  not in high concentrations . 
  and in particular for young people who are training the big employers with graduate training you need to get your foot in the door so you have a chance of getting one of those few high paid jobs in the middle of nowhere are definitely mainly located in large cities . 
  there are a few `` mid-size '' places e.g connecticut + ny state there are a lot of financial companies dotted around within 1-2 hours drive of each other . 
  texas also has a few places outside of austin . 
  probably because their super amazing stem-god irreplaceable programmer mentality was shattered when they got replaced with programmers who did n't spend all day on reddit and looking at hentai porn ... oh wait shit i work with computers and i 'm on reddit right now . 
  yeah i 'm not disputing it 's expensive . 
  it just seemed like a lot per person because i massively underestimated the amount of people who visit and was assuming that was between less people . 
  i would say that my impression of h1b from reddit ( and that is not a representative thing granted ) is that people seem to dislike it and claim it 's used to undercut workers in the us . 
  have you found that ? 
  honestly i liked being in the us on an exchange but id have huge reservations moving there to work i got sick of london and applied for jobs in germany then moved to berlin because i can have a great lifestyle on my wage that i cant have in london on the equivalent salary . 
  from speaking with american friends most places with this high skilled/non-shit work ( nyc , sf , ct state etc ) is ludicrously expensive to live in against wages . 
  have you ever spoken with someone in a niqab or burqa ? 
  purely aus curiosity vbut i definitely havent interacted with someone even saying `` excuse me '' etc. 
  im not even sure theyre allowed to now i think about it . 
  are they just skiing though ? 
  i could pretty comfortably do a weekend back home in london with 500 $ here in germany i could have a pretty epic city weekend . 
  yeah that bit does n't surprise me but i do n't think those things get counted under tourism spending . 
  i did n't realise how much genuine tourism spending there was ( i 'm assuming these figures are calculated based off of hotels and spending at tourism related things ) . 
  not sure why i guess i just sort of assumed wealthy people in the middle east would n't go to europe for holidays which was sort of dumb of me . 
  so according to this article they had little bit more than  750,000 visitors from gulf states roughly spending about 500 francs each divided between them . 
  which i guess is kind of a plausible amount for the amount one spends on a holiday especially including hotels et al. 
  so yeah i think i 'm just making assumptions . 
  but holy shit that 's a really surprising statistic for me . 
  this was my first thought if i 'm honest . 
  property investments etc. 
  331 million seems a lot divided between what i would n't expect to be a huge number of people . 
  but that 's an assumption on my part i do n't know how much tourism comes out of gulf states . 
  edit : having checked out the figures though i think we 're both making assumptions , that comes out to about 500 spent a person , and i doubt that money is registered by tourism related companies anyway so it would probs just be folded into the general housing spend anyway . 
  honestly if more brits got banged up for stupid shit maybe we 'd stop being such assholes generally even in places where we are actually allowed to be . 
  it 's really fucking embarassing being british living in berlin and seeing stag does and seeing dickheads trashing the place you live in . 
  i sort of empathise with a lot of the `` killjoys '' in stag cities . 
  wait what ? 
  how many people from the gulf are coming to switzerland for tourism ? 
  331 million francs seems a lot . 
  genuinely surprised . 
  living in germany . 
  perhaps compared to the rest of the world if we 're comparing with the third world/having extremely low standards compared to all of our neighbours in western europe ? 
  lol . 
  no i 'd argue that 's a pretty low salary for what is effectively a senior lawyers job combined with a huge amount of responding to constituencies demands + service on commons commitees in scrutiny of government areas . 
  i know it 's popular to slag it off but that 's largely the going rate for that area of work if you compare it to senior lawyers , doctors and management at large companies . 
  beverly hills is a byword for a paradise ?? 
  i missed that memo i think . 
  while we 're at it , may as well add ireland ... that never finished badly if i recall . 
   butthurt cringe  do you understand how stupid this is ? 
  that it really looks like you are desperate to downplay british generosity , such as it is ? 
  i 'm not downplaying shit . 
  i 'm very pleased we come at the top of something that was n't drinking or teenage pregnancy . 
  but i 'm not going to suddenly start ignoring all of the problems we have just because a tangenitally related kpi makes them look better . 
  even if that somehow makes me stupid . 
  we 're currently in the middle of a huge societal change moving us towards this really crap american style system of dealing with when life goes wrong . 
  just like the us this is being done on the back of complete lies about how poverty happens in the uk . 
  this says a huge amount more about how our society functions as a whole than `` did you give some money to some charity '' . 
  i 'm not going to downplay it but i 'm not going to cheer and crow about it as if we suddenly became a nation of ghandis mixed with mother theresa . 
  this should be titled `` britains give more to charities of their choice '' and that 's the only extrapolation that can be made . 
   again with the bullshit . 
  you just ca n't help it . 
  i 'm sorry do you actually know me in real life ? 
  please be a bit more respectful i 'm not insulting you for disagreeing so i 'd appreciate the same courtesy being given in an adult conversation where we do n't agree  the idea that we 're substituting private charitable giving in lieu of publicly-funded support for the needy is a load of rubbish . 
  i 'd argue there is actually quite a lot of evidence for this generally from a huge number of very credible reports  there 's around 170,000 charities operating in the uk that cover literally every possible angle of `` need '' that you could ever think of . 
  we 're not just talking about cats or breast cancer , are we ? 
  you really think i just meant only cats or breast cancer do you know what the abbreviation `` etc '' means ? 
  there is generalised gap in funding and you can see it in the amounts various causes get and how much it fluctuates with being `` en vogue '' . 
  this isnt a sustainable long term way to deal with things . 
   the british welfare state is also , contrary to your claims , well developed that 's another discussion , but suffice to say , we 're doing our best to change that based on the statistics . 
  overall as said i object strongly to this wide `` super generous '' thing based purely off of self-reported giving to charity/helping people etc. 
  this is not the same as `` generous society '' which you seem to be saying . 
  this article to me represents a huge statement based on a very small component . 
  and we 're crowing about it in a moment that lets us forget a collapsing nhs , increasing homelessness and a willingness to completely make-up statistics on how many people are dying on work support that we voted for it . 
  this headline should read `` britons give a lot to charities '' and that 's about all that can be extrapolated . 
  i would argue that being generous would be being capable of understanding the lesser fortune of others and being willing to act on that as a society rather than making up myths to get rid of all moral responsibility for it . 
  charitable giving is great but i go back to `` how we treat our least fortunate '' as a far better measure of the generalised `` generousness '' of a society . 
  as a good example if we vote to cut all the funding for mental illness because they 're just faking it and are lazy and a load of people donate to charity does that make us more charitable or have we just created a problem and then patted ourselves on the back for half-solving it ? 
   this is about personal giving - completely un-related to politics . 
  exactly . 
  i completely agree here .
