  ** now i 'm not knocking it ** . 
  from my perspective as someone working in the eu who is n't going to be on the end of price rises and stagnating wages this would actually mean that i 'd have to put my hands up as a remain voter and say that , for me personally , brexit had literally no downsides if i can just continue having freedom of movement . 
  but i do n't see how anyone else would agree to it . 
  could n't agree more on this double standard . 
  i find it absolutely hilarious that i 'm always called expat even in german . 
  if i changed my flair to romanian or something and said `` i moved to germany for better training opportunities , got a job and have no current plans of leaving '' i do wonder how many people would describe that as expat versus being an ... [ ( ( ( economic migrant ) ) ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8kyi0wng40 ) . 
  i feel like a bit of an idiot but france was always held up as an example of a decentralised country for me when i was at school about 10 years ago or so . 
  france seems at least vaguely manageable compared to the uk where our policy of london uber alles has created brexit and all kinds of issues in regional areas . 
  that 's like usain bolt cutting off his leg and then saying he 's the greatest sprinter in the world because he won at the last olympics though . 
  those conditions were built on our eu membership and access to a 550 million person export market not out of some magical british spirit . 
  hence why that outlook is not continuing and why we 're now fighting against the gravity of rising prices , stagnant incomes , more debt and less investment . 
  anyway none of this is impacted by this proposal . 
  as said it 's basically eu countries citizens getting shafted and the whole basis of the eu cooperation that benefits them undermined , so that people like me can have a mildly easier time working abroad . 
  for the people with the power in this negotiation the incentives just do n't add up . 
  lovely as this sounds as a gesture a ) why would the other countries agree to it when it does n't do anything for their citizens ? 
  brits get to travel and work freely in europe but their citizens ca n't work and travel freely in the uk ? 
  if i was on the other end of that i 'd be telling them to get intercoursed pretty damn quickly without some pretty amazing incentives . 
  b ) why would they effectively undercut the anti-brexit movement in the uk by giving everyone who voted remain a get out card ? 
  remember their ideal outcome is the uk calls off brexit entirely or at least continues in the single market and pays some of the development fees . 
  this will just collapse any opposition to change the actual political movement of the country . 
  c ) why are british people getting treated special again ? 
  apparently we ca n't even literally vote as a country to leave the eu without some special treatment happening to help us out from the eu . 
  d ) why would n't every other country then demand this thus effectively turning the eu into spotify or netflix ? 
  i 'd be all over this if i was a eurosceptic populist . 
  e ) selfishly as its from my pov but as i live and work in germany already i 'm surely already paying for the eu through the taxes i give to the german government ? 
  surely it 's kind of bullshit to be double taxing people for the upkeep of the eu surely ? 
  and if i 'm getting double taxed then i 'd better be geting a bloody vote on it . 
  and who 's going to administer all of these subscriptions and memberships ? 
  f ) also then if i do get a vote why do n't americans and everyone else who pays into eu tax coffers also get a vote ? 
  and then we 're back at no taxation without representation again which seems like a can of worms we do n't want to open right now . 
  and if we start determining eu at the citizens level then that 's going to create a truckload of legal shit . 
  _____ otoh must admit the butthurt from brexiters may make this almost worth it in itself the quotes in this article are just fantastic in terms of the splutteriness . 
   andrew bridgen , conservative mp for north west leicestershire , said : `` it 's an attempt to create two classes of uk citizen and to subvert the referendum vote . 
  the truth is that brussels will try every trick in the book to stop us leaving . '' i thought we all hated those remoaner traitors and they are n't really british and they should move abroad ? 
  and then when those traitorous scum possibly have a chance of doing that then it 's suddenly the worst thing ever . 
  this guy needs to learn to stop moaning and get on with it . 
   jayne adye , director of the get britain out campaign , told the independent : `` this is an outrage . 
  the eu is now attempting to divide the great british public at the exact moment we need unity . 
  [ yeah that bloody eu dividing the public ] ( https://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/thumbnails/image/2016/11/10/15/mail-front-page-4.jpg ), 
  well you 're saying they were being censored . 
  i 'm stating why they did it . 
  not some sinister plan to kill journalists like russia . 
  now definitely we can have the conversation on if that 's right or not and maybe we should be asking the journalists on why they thought to do that . 
  but to somehow try and draw an equivalence between western media companies and russian state media , and far-right blogs is just ludicrious . 
  right so delays in reporting . 
  and why would they possibly be not wanting to jump straight to `` fucking muslims , kill all the muslims for this atrocity ?! '', 
   on social media , furious right-wing commentators have blamed the attacks on chancellor angela merkel 's government and its welcome to asylum seekers , 1.1 million of whom arrived last year . 
  and seeing as we know from hindsight that overwhelmingly it was longer term immigrants into the country then perhaps that was very prudent of them to wait a day and get the facts first . 
  rather than just going full r/europe and looking silly like they did when the guy yelled allahu akhbar and stabbed a dude turned out to be as german as rotk\u00f6hl . 
  i live in berlin as well ( actually i know that specific australian place in reuterkiez as i live near there ) . 
  they 're definitely here just as there are plenty of irish bars in other places . 
  i just think it 's a pretty extreme thing to say parallel society . 
  for starters those of us who do speak german do n't walk around with signs on our heads saying `` no i 'm not dutch i 'm anglo but do n't worry i actually speak german fine and it wo n't normally come up in conversation '' . 
  as said without badges saying `` tourist '' or `` lives locally '' etc then it 's all just `` english speakers '' . 
  hell many may not even be english/american or whatever in places like berlin where the common language of groups of europeans is normally english . 
  we 're also not the ones telling our stories to a blog for berliner expats by berliner expats . 
  i know places like this as well ( though not as many as the piece implies ) . 
  but this is exaggerated for comic effect and then taken seriously by other people . 
  i 'm not denying it at all especially not in places like cyprus where the english community are an actual english community . 
  i live in berlin myself so i 'd say i 've got that experience you 're demanding . 
  i 'd just say `` parallel society '' or wide sweeping judgements like anglos are crap at integrating is a bit over-blown . 
  if you 're going to speak in these big sweeping terms then you have to accept the outliers . 
  especially when people are extremely unlikely to be distinguishing between tourists and people who live their life there , that 's going to result in quite some large selection biases . 
  e.g i do n't speak english with anyone outside of people i know . 
  i have a non-german accent in german and i 'm overwhelmingly assumed to be dutch by most . 
  that 's likely another few people who assume english people can not integrate . 
  as said it 's fair enough . 
  i love making jokes about myself being an inselaffe or whatever . 
  but when people genuinely believe it it starts getting silly just as it does with anything else . 
  it 's quite telling that we 're still leaning on that event as evidence of constant mass rape etc that post-facters would have us believe . 
  but that 's a tangent . 
  much like this little trinket that mistakes `` not being in a rush to release false information or create a witch-hunt '' with censorship . 
  for actual censorship or hiding of information perhaps we should be looking at a country like russia where journalists turn up dead . 
  for starters if the news about cologne had been genuinely hidden , why are we still banging on about it at every single occasion ? 
  i 'm not your friend and trying to divert into patronising people does n't really make you look smart when you 're arguing that post-fact propaganda like russian girls getting raped or massive distortions of immigrants do n't exist . 
  or that putin does n't have an extremely comprehensive disinformation strategy which insiders speak of regularly . 
  call it whatever you want that makes you feel better . 
  i 'm labelling it as such because it 's a nice short hand . 
  just like i do n't have to explain the entire concept of the nation state whenever i say `` country '' . 
  but muh commonwealth, 
  jesus christ did an anglo-immigrant kick your dog or something ? 
  i normally hear this kind of stereotyping bollocks about the evil muslims . 
  bit of a lazy stereotype i 've certainly integrated very well working at an all german company . 
  it is an emotional complaint though . 
  i 'm stating a fact and you 're then yelling about me using propaganda etc when i 'm stating a simple fact . 
  yep i was an absolute mental state before coming out when i was in the experience/need experience trap for two years in various shit sales jobs that did n't actually progress anything . 
  i only wish i 'd moved sooner . 
  what else can you describe a combination of non-factually based assertions that are repeatedly debunked and cited and known influence from a variety of sources ? 
  i can call it crap if it 'll offend you less . 
  fake news = [ fake news ] ( http://www.stopfake.org/en/fake-russian-girl-kidnapped-and-raped-by-refugees-in-germany/ ) . 
  if the establishment really gave a crap germany would n't have a free press or constant criticism of the government in the media . 
  post-facters trying to equivocate themselves and defend outright lies as somehow equivalent to imperfect stories lol . 
  in b4 post-fact `` huurrr duurrr wot about da bbc propaganda ! '', 
  and the waves of associated putin bots and loonies banging on about `` whatabout the refoogees '' ... yeah only one side here has a press that is allowed to criticise the government meaningfully . 
  1 poor story does n't cancel out 5 billion outright lies and fabrications . 
  constructive contribution there . 
  i 'm calling out post-fact crap . 
  letting in a million is incorrect , young healthy men is incorrrect . 
  the implication they 're all violent or sexist is incorrect . 
  and not checking their criminal history or for behavioural problems is incorrect .
