  indeed but my big criticism is its a shitty choice . 
  i personally mainly want an eea type arrangement with a few sensible controls on immigration/welfare type stuff , while keeping echr and european legislation . 
  that was very achievable much like the rebate from before . 
  the voters will respond to the choices given and a shitty overwrought choice is just not going to do for most without the reforms that coulve been gotten . 
  obviously there are the people for whom no eu is possible but thats a relatively small minority compared to those who are freaked by lack of border control etc but generally ok with economic cooperation . 
  meh this is a big trope but after a few months living in germany of being quite disciplined in not using english as a crutch and a basic course through work i was able to manage my life in german from a start of `` ich mochte '' `` wie gehts '' etc. 
  i would n't say it 's as bad as people say . 
  at the two year mark and i 'd feel pretty comfortable working in german all day every day . 
  i think it 's built up a lot . 
  the grammars hard but if you 're english vocabulary is very good there 's a fair few crossover words with old english ( e.g dog and hund/hound is a favourite ) + a huge amount of denglish to cheat with ( e.g wir haben den projekt gestartet ) . 
  i think a lot of people just hear `` german is hard '' and do n't even try . 
  it 's not easy but it is n't chinese or russian or hungarian or something that requires an entirely different logic . 
  my personal advice for people is duolingo for vocab and be strict on not slipping into english in conversation even if the opportunity arises and you 'd be surprised . 
  just to add as well the effect of this short notice demand is you ca n't take a second ( possibly also zero hours job ) because if both demand you on short notice and you ca n't make one then you get fired/shadow fired . 
  which is the other big problem that you ca n't even take on a second job to make up the hours . 
  and this is the annoying part . 
  everyone agrees that there 's some reforms needed . 
  and somehow in spite of this cameron made a shitty hand out of a generally good one . 
  while hollande has made some really good gains out of a generally shitty hand as a counterpoint in europe . 
  and we 'll then bitch about the eu and not the fact that the kamikaze negotiation strategy is a shit one when no-one trusts you . 
  the irritating part of this is that no-one is to blame but cameron and our diplomatic policy themselves . 
  nothing in particular has changed in the uk . 
  the only difference is that cameron was elected and started listening to the ideologues who do n't like the echr or anything to do with europe even when it 's sensible . 
  if he 'd not been such a dipshit and coming in with ridiculous demands we 'd probably actually be getting a lot more of the reforms we wanted that would then set a precedent to push further in the future . 
  as it is the short term politics that 's marked their government is n't flying with the long-term focused eu . 
  good . 
  a ) that shit is n't going to fly we all live under one law b ) they can fuck off to a sharia country if they want that law . 
  c ) this kind of shit just encourages racist and loonies to smear the vast majority of muslims with the same brush and this causes yet further problem . 
  i think my only regret is they did n't try and pull that crap in a neo-nazi area . 
  thank god i thought i was on crazy pills and we were judging everything by morality from 1950 or so . 
  my accent no it 's pretty stereotypically english . 
  but you 'd be surprised actually when the one side is n't that strong at english ( e.g older people in germany ) and the speaker is scandinavian or dutch etc or you just catch a couple of words people can just assume english . 
  especially turned the other way around when i 'm speaking german i get mistaken for dutch quite a lot ( possibly because of the aforementioned english people not speaking other languages assumption ) . 
   someone make nigel stop . 
  leterally eu opreshun/pc gone mad, 
  in fairness much like most thing 's it depends on the clientele and the target market . 
  `` party cities '' and cheap places are going to have a worse experience than upmarket places and/or places with historical or cultural attractions . 
  something else i would say that 's a personal theory of mine . 
  as english is widely spoken and if say a dutch person in poland will probably speak english . 
  i have a feeling that a lot of the time people will see drunk people and hear them speak english and just assume they 're english . 
  indeed . 
  i 'm too busy drunkenly riding a beer bike around berlin , wearing my england 1966 football shirt , yelling `` omg why cant you speak english ! '', 
  and making super-original and funny nazi jokes ... 
  still it 's a wonder british people have a bad rep. 
  nice try jerry . 
  clever disguise but turning your flag 90 degrees and muddling the colours slightly is n't going to fool me into calling myself german . 
  touche ... 
  but why would they move to sweden anyway ? 
  we have a similar problem throughout . 
  the common excuse is `` but everyone speaks english '' ( they do n't ) . 
  it 's pretty embarassing being british a lot of the time here in germany . 
  to the point that i only speak english with friends and people i know . 
  out of curiosity are brits in finland doing skilled work or is it the types doing low level bar work on gap year etc ? 
  that tends to be quite a big predictor of speaking local language in most places . 
  you mean having childrens mentality ? 
  i think a lot of said influence comes from the fact that we have that foot in the eu and that foot in china and the us . 
  as much as we like to slag off our politicians and our own country it does enjoy a pretty great profile around the world ( perhaps despite our diplomacy ) . 
  i do n't like this unconstructive approach of `` we 're leaving because sovereignty etc '' but i do agree that if we are n't going to get serious with the eu and make some reforms that ensure long term sustainability then we are n't the only ones who 'll leave . 
  it really concerns me that this is all a ruse to leave the ecj and we 'll be into ttip even quicker than with the eu with its factions and that will properly screw me about as i work in germany myself and benefit from freedom of movement . 
  random question but i thought the northern ireland flag was diagonal red cross ? 
  http://www.bamf.de/de/migration/asylfluechtlinge/asylrecht/asylrecht-node.html im aware . 
  but as far as i see the application of it has erred towards the first sentence . 
  i dont know if they changed the site but i cant even see your highlighted sentence anymore from a skim through . 
  thats not from the constitution though . 
  the problem for them is the contradiction between dignity of people being `` antatslich '' ( inviolable ) so they cant just tell people to jog on . 
  + the un agreement on refugees based on `` looks muslim '' . 
  as said i dont likke it personally but i dont think blindly slagging them off is the solution here and i feel theres a large effort to move goal posts when it comes to them . 
  the assesment systems and deportation systems should be improved . 
  ok so now we 're changing the topic . 
  that 's cool . 
  are we talking about legal migration of skilled workers with visas ? 
  refugees that happen during times of conflict or economic migration ? 
  last decade or recent new trends due to syria ? 
  i do n't disagree that it 's problematic but it depends on what problem we 're talking about here . 
  so let 's be clear about this before we move the goalposts again . 
  just euphorically bleating strawman without actually saying anything does n't really achieve anything if you do n't know what a strawman is . 
  as long as we agree you 're making up a wider motive and dishonestly mixing `` refugees '' with `` economic migrants '' and giving them all a monolithic motive without evidence . 
  if you really do have psychic powers like this . 
  then we can agree to disagree on that . 
  as i say the main point is that simpletonisms about all refugees being men is copypasta . 
  let 's have a bit more research on it before blindly spouting stuff we heard on / pol /, 
   millions of uneducated people from regions at war again we need to seperate `` refugees from migrants '' . 
  germany has had 1 million people or so arrive this year . 
  of those half will probs make asylum claims and be asylum seekers . 
  of those many will be rejected the remaining will be accepted . 
  i 'm against economic migration etc. 
  but we need to stop making up stats or mis-using them . 
   left wing people realise this but they consider refugees to be more important than a decent standard of living for the native population . 
  your average person does not agree . 
  well i do n't . 
  and i do n't know where you got the stats showing this but that 's a very brave assumption to make of a huge swathe of a population . 
  morality is n't a train that goes forward or back no . 
  but when we start pre-making laws based on assumptions based on someones religion or country of origin and not what they have done . 
  then we have to go back to about the 15th-16th or so century ( in the uk ) to find that . 
  that 's a pretty good giveaway that it 's a problem . 
   they stopped protecting the working and middle class , aswell as gave up the socialdemocratic welfare state , with mass immigration . 
  that 's your opinion based on a monolithic view . 
  jeremy corbyn in my native uk for instance is a very strong advocate for working rights and a social democratic welfare state . 
  ukip are pretty anti-mass immigration and also about protecting working classes from it 's effects are we calling them `` left wing ? '' . 
  in denmark they 're pretty right wing on migration but still decidedly left wing in policies .
