  you guessed correctly ( maybachufer so hipster neuk\u00f6lln granted ) . 
  and i agree there is n't a problem with being steadfast on values . 
  as said i have no problems with turkish people , and granted if i did , as a british immigrant then the hypocrisy would be unbeliveable . 
  i have a problem with burqas but not sure i can be as freaked out as people are at the moment . 
  but they 're here now and if they were all islamic extremists germany would be way worse than france now . 
  in the bigger picture they 're far better integrated than france or the uk has managed mostly . 
  certainly for me living in berlin i 'm way more comfortable living in a `` turkish '' area than i ever was in the uk equivalent . 
  meh half of me agrees but syria before the war was pretty agressively , if not secular , then not overtly islamist politically . 
  we 'll have to see how it plays out in terms of how much intervention/rebuilding funds etc happen after . 
  i would n't expect it to be all done overnight , but that did n't happen in any of the cities i named either . 
  ( berlin it took about 60-70 years to get to the point it 's at now . 
  going back to beirut , it is n't where it was before no but you can get a flight there from berlin and go party there right now if wanted . 
  perhaps on the other hand it might be a support of your rule as lebanon was never really `` islamist '' fully even back then as a christian country , it 's very varied from full hijabs to girls in bikinis . 
  but i 'd argue that when you say muslim what you mean is islamist with an authoritarian government enforcing political islam . 
  a war this vicious there 's no telling what can happen either way once the `` war '' bit is over and there 's a victorious side which will most likely be backed by the assad government , russia and an iran that 's currently experiencing a rapid phase of development as it 's opened up to the west after years , that 'll factor into things too ( e.g a trump presidency would probably send it back to islamism ) . 
  it 'll be decades at best but a ) i do n't think it 'll be on the somalia level personally for a few reasons to do with longevity of conflict and the players involved and b ) the standard is n't `` party '' level but `` livable '' for the people in germany who want to go home ( and many will who do n't set down roots get jobs etc ) . 
  not sure if you 're being tongue in cheek but there 's a lot of cities and countries that have been destroyed by wars that rebuild into artsy and vibrant cities in time . 
  does n't seem implausible that once the islamists and the scum have been mostly fed into the syrian meat grinder then that could result in a more peaceful future and an ok country . 
  citizenship is closer to 8 years . 
  permanent residency is 5 years but that needs a load of conditions as well that i doubt syrians are on if they are in the country as refugees . 
  yes , because the long-term turkish population does n't exist and this is a new thing here in germany . 
  let 's not get all evidencey here . 
  everyone knows that angela merkel is starting to start a sharia law state and that everyone in germany is raped and beheaded on a daily basis and germany will be 90 % muslim by december . 
  why on my 15 minute commute to work today i was beheaded 3 times and a turkish person kicked my dog . 
  it 's an interesting thought . 
  certainly seems to be coming home to roost in america with both the sanders and trump movements of people sick of being screwed by the current system . 
  while i may disagree with both the reasons for their existence is pretty clear . 
  likewise in the uk i disagree with brexit but it 's a wake-up call that our government ca n't keep screwing people and then blaming the eu for it as it has before . 
  and if it would n't then there should be absolutely no problem clarifying this stuff better . 
  granted i know the leaks were a pre-draft version , but , understandably in my opinion , it tends to freak people out when this kind of thing is even on the table . 
  this is why i 'm not too freaked out on it i 'd have to see the final draft . 
  the initial direction of negotiations combined with how our government wants to move is what gives me worries . 
  especially as now this deal would be negotiated without the pressures of other more stridently pro-government healthcare governments . 
   the us is n't some kind of free for all where companies are allowed to sell you all sorts of shit . 
  i do n't think it 's that bad either . 
  but it 's definitely worse on a lot of issues like anti-trust and food safety which are important issues to me personally . 
  as said combined with our governments attitude then i 'm slightly sceptical , but i think it can work with tweaks . 
  as said before you 've condensed down to `` euro bad '' without looking at the initial reasons why the current situation is how it is . 
  not to mention not explaining why the eu is at fault and not manipulation of government figures and an irresponsible fiscal policy . 
  you need to understand the role of the troika and the pressures of countries and institutions contributing to bailout funds before pushing the issue to simplicity . 
  we 'd have to see . 
  i 'm actually not that against ttip if it 's a genuinely good trade deal reducing bureaucracy without destroying consumer standards and not just a huge extension of isds fitting into our current governments agenda against the nhs ... those are quite big problems with it though at the moment in the current form . 
  with some gurantees on that it would be pretty awesome if we did get there first but even for me as a remain voter i would think in this ideal case that would be a genuine win for brexit . 
  as said though i 'm really sceptical , especially as we 'll be pretty desperate to be trying to keep our position as americas springboard into europe . 
  but we 'd have to see . 
  right so nothing but insults then . 
  ill tell you why , because they didnt . 
  goldman sachs and the greek govt did , and the greek govt loved it while it lasted . 
  thats cool we werent expecting much from post fact voters . 
  feels  reals right ? 
  as said the eu isnt perfect and theres some big flaws in how they handled greece as an example . 
  but using the reasoning an analytical skills of a five year old with a loud mouth is what defines idiots here . 
  your point ? 
  ok go on then mr clever how did the eu force greece to falsify its financial statements in order to get into the eu ? 
  in the process creating a problem for itself , actually why did they do that too ? 
  you think ttip opposition from the west isnt contradictory ? 
  share why rather than getting angry at the people elucidating the facts . 
  and while youre at it please tell me what were going to replace our european export market with ? 
  still yet to get an actual realistic answer other than `` germans sell us carz '' etc. 
  clearly youre much smarter than everyone as you dont feel the need to keep a civil tone in an adult discussion . 
  so lets hear your smart insights to make us all feel dumb and uninformed . 
  or well all just assume youre stupid and postfact same as all the other angry little people yelling at people having a discussion with nothing to contribute . 
  i do n't actually buy these arguments of `` restraining '' our government either . 
  for exactly the same reasons you say but the main bit where it goes full retard is all the blame people have of our own country problems on the eu . 
  it 's abundantly clear that if the eu was really as all encompassing as people like to say then europe would not be so diverse . 
  the eu can only swing as far left or as far right as the politics of its member states allows . 
  this is one flaw of the analysis of brexiters that the eu are some type of lizard people who have all the power whereas in reality they have a strong competency on issues where people agree there should be a co-ordinating power . 
  our brexiters and the post-fact media have mistaken that for bullying of the uk when it 's just everyone being equal . 
  you can see it happening now that a statement saying `` no special treatment , you can be in our club if you pay the dues '' becomes `` we 're going to fuck the uk , we all hate them blah blah '' . 
  theyll do what all the brexiters will do . 
  continue blaming the eu . 
  either we wont have brexited hard enough and itll sti be the eus fault for domestic policies , or well brexit too hard and itll be the eu punishing us to make an example of us . 
  itll also be the fault of remainers for talking down the economy as well . 
  the important thing is itll never be the fault of the action . 
  only ever the people who carry out the action, 
  and if we were doing well i 'm sure that would be a concern , but at the moment most indicators from businesses are that the uncertainty is costing us investment . 
  not to mention that for exactly the reasons you say there is little or no reason for us to get some amazing sweetheart deal from the eu which a lot of deluded people are expecting . 
  basically saying `` fuck off '' to the cricket club and then demanding the cheap members beer still . 
  the worry is what `` once things settle '' looks like because unless we 're in an eea type deal things will `` settle '' and it 'll be more expensive to do business in the uk . 
   but i bet that countries in depth like finland are paying way more than they are getting . 
  and the poorest countries are getting way too much . 
  as said that 's a fundamental misunderstanding of how it 's meant to work . 
  if every country got out more direct money than they gave in then it clearly would n't work . 
  the point is everyone co-operates and the market open to your businesses bureaucracy free goes up to 500 milion . 
  that takes too long to explain to economically illiterate people and post-facters though . 
  but in short , we are n't going to replace 500 million bureaucracy free consumers to access with australia and new zealand . 
  there 's some good points in specific areas . 
  but they 're far outweighed by the general bureaucracy and costs creation . 
  as said there is n't a plan , and no-one who wanted this actually even has anything credible to suggest . 
  you have n't read any comments on brexit related articles on the daily mail . 
  `` gypsy romanian beggars '' was one of the most common phrases you 'll hear when you get loonies going . 
  right up there with `` eu pakistanis '' and `` turkey is going to join '' etc. 
  you were surprised that thick people upvoted innaccurate bullshit that confirmed their world view ? 
  you need to spend more time on reddit mate . 
  the donald and other post-fact-fountains are spewing everywhere nowadays . 
  i do n't know how they ca n't ban professionals in places . 
  i get really sick of them as well in berlin to the point i just tell the actual roma ones to fuck off whenever they look at me . 
  there are plenty of actual people in need on the streets , and , whatever your feelings on giving to beggars are , it 's far better to not just be lining the pockets of professional begging scum , especially when they bring their pick-pocketing kids over as well . 
  if i drunk a shot for everytime the apolaypse was predicted and cologne was brought up as representative of germany by people who 've likely never been there ... i 'd be very drunk , constantly . 
  if i 'm honest i can at least `` get '' the sovereignty argument .
