  what are you talking about `` they '' though ? 
  there 's some retards and some who are just off to normal jobs and some doing neither . 
  if we 're putting 100.00 % integration on every single turkish person who has ever lived in germany then yeah you 're probably right . 
  but that 's kind of unrealistic and i doubt one would set the same for americans or other europeans . 
  as someone long-term resident in germany and in berlin all everyone else wants is people to not be pricks . 
  and carrying over your authoritarian squabbles into another country is something that makes you a prick as an individual . 
  what 's your experience exactly or you want to elaborate ? 
  i 've lived in berlin a few years and worked in professional companies and live in neuk\u00f6lln . 
  theres a faction who are keeping to themselves asshole kids etc and there 's a faction who are working middle class jobs , owning businesses ( as in non-kebab shops ) etc. 
  i personally do n't mind if someone wants to live in a place and identify as non-german ( hell i identify as british still ) but as long as you are n't being a prick i do n't see the problem . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to sweep judgements across people like this outside of medically proven reasons . 
  e.g here the articles got `` 3 million people '' but actually the total amount at demonstrations now when tensions are at their highest is 2,000 in berlin and 5,000 somewhere else . 
  last sunday about 80 people were arrested and 120 police injured in a really violent left wing demo outside of a squat that was being cleared in rigaer stra\u00dfe . 
  that did n't nearly create the same amount of pearl clutching in r/europe as it was local news . 
  but imagine if you put those statistics onto a muslim protest of some sort ? 
  did n't stop it rocketing to the top of reddit before the evidence was found out . 
  well it was in bavaria maybe he just yelled gru\u00df gott and was misunderstood while really trying hard to integrate ? 
  weve had plenty of wars . 
  and apparently you didnt serve . 
  maybe you also dont feel like pointlessly sacrificing your life for something you dont particularly want ? 
  having served i gurantee noone is particularly keen on dying pointlessly . 
  unless youve done it you dont get to cast aspersions of what you would do, 
  it works as said . 
  but appointing your mates gives a big risk that it could become a weapon and blair and cameron have both stuffed the lords with mates defying its point as a house for cooler heads . 
  yep and i 'm sure a rapidly fragmenting and dividing country with irrational regional prejudices from small minded people will be seen globally as a good place to invest . 
  youre british . 
  have you served ever ? 
  what regiment ? 
  well lose way more money than that long term by looking like an unstable country . 
  especially if businesses can just move to scotland and retain passporting privileges . 
  and another one without a coherent answer . 
  because this is about seeing why people would rather flee . 
  that i 'd agree with , but as you say we 're seriously starting to run into problems of stuffing it with friendly lords as politics starts to get more partisan and less debate and logic based . 
  it 's not as serious a manipulation as when poland manipulates its courts etc but it could be a very big problem indeed . 
  well there is that argument yeah . 
  but it would seem more coherent with farages views that they would n't be wanting to mess about in other places as well . 
  so whose side you on ? 
  assad the barrel bomber or isis the head choppers ? 
  and why is it whenever numpties say this we never get a coherent bloody answer ? 
  so whose side you on ? 
  assad the barrel bomber or isis the head choppers ? 
  look mate i do n't know where you 're from we do n't want the full information and context about the subtleties or how things work in practice . 
  we want partial information boiled down into simple soundbite-able slogans that we can yell at anyone who sounds like an expert . 
  e.g `` but the germans need to sell us cars ! '', 
  or `` trade deals ! '', 
  or `` this is a good thing , the empire is about to rise like a phoenix ! '', 
  yes it bloody well is ... not that anyone is bitter * ahem *, 
  from the comments  cleg 's so boring to listen to and talks like a proper arse hole ooooh yes that 's why we voted leave ... not talking out of your arse is boring . 
  next question after that was the turkey lie ... christ it 's horrific to watch . 
  ukip has a pretty passive defence policy as well actually reading it . 
  higher funding but accepting we 've been on too many interventions . 
  whether that 's one of those things that everyone says but does differently in real life is another issue but certainly farage was always generally pretty anti-intervention in syria , libya , ukraine etc. 
  that 's not how it will be seen though . 
  no matter what happens it 's always going to be blamed on the eu as a stitch up by them . 
  whether we go full retard and fuck our economy and lose scotland or we move to eea and still have freedom of movement . 
  it 'll come back to ** `` but we wun why do we stilll hav to follow regulations ? 
  wheres my sovrunty ? 
  less likely than you 'd think . 
  at most it would be a sub-set of a sub-set of brexiters . 
  first it 'd be the subset of proper looney bits that want 0 immigration kick out all the pakis blahdeblah etc. 
  and a lot of that faction is split between full time incoherent hooligans like that guy who killed jo cox and old people with the former doing most of the rioting shockingly . 
  there 's a lot of shades to brexit voters in terms of what they wanted out of it and whether they 'd be violent . 
  e.g doris your racist grandmother or the normally politiically inactive mum who voted because she believed the 350m pounds for nhs lie are not going to have a riot . 
  eeeh ... mostly it works i guess . 
  it should n't though but it just does . 
   it 's not cherry picking , it 's pointing out that a starting point exists and that its something to build on to help both sides with transition . 
  it 's fair enough i 'd agree on that , but i think there 's a lot of people not understanding that there are two sides in a negotation and we have to be realistic on what we can compromise on and what the consequences are . 
  mifir and regulations are a very small part of the overall picture and no particular thing is a singular trump card . 
  i absolutely do listen , and that 's a silly assumption to make in the usual culture war type of way . 
  i was barely in favour of remain myself for a lot of reasons . 
  but while it 's true it can be done here still , there 's really a lot of incentives going against it for companies that will likely still have to follow a load of regulations and will incur higher costs . 
  if we can have all the clearing stuff from before ( and that 's quite a big if ) then there are still a huge amount of other hurdles for businesses themselves outside of the incentives for the others . 
  if they let us keep it and stop freedom of movement they effectively let us horde all financial services and not open the market to their workers in it . 
  i think we 're often guilty of thinking of this as mates down the pub and not a professional working relationship with self-interests heavily in play . 
  i 'm being silly above but we really ca n't just delude ourselves that everyone is going to roll over and take everything for us as a favour while we try and negotiate the best deal possible . 
  do you actually know what mifir is and why it 's relevant ? 
  it 's a very strange thing to bring up when already talking about passporting and a general concept of following regulations that apparently we do n't want to do except when it suits us . 
  this is pure delusion surely that we can do this even forgetting that the stated position is we ca n't cherry pick ? 
  ok so he 's willing to pay the price of the loss of passporting and a huge amount of damage to our business tax base ? 
  or does he not have a clue what he 's actually saying here ? 
  ** but we 're special because ## find , reason ## , your rules dont apply to us ** . 
  do n't forget to think about the cars of course us buying german cars with all that sweet brexit money will save us . 
  christ between trump and brexit if i never hear the phrase `` trade dealz ! '', 
  they reflect the views of their readers . 
  you can read crap papers or watch fox news etc and not suddenly magically turn into a swivel eyed looney when informed and knowing where theyre embellishing . 
  likewise one can read the guardian or another left wing paper without turning into a leftiec or whatever . 
  its up to a person to be informed themselves . 
  many completely arent and can be led around by the nose by media opinions but i think thats ones own fault . 
  what the sun daily mail etc does do is raise concerns of its readers , albeit in an exaggerated way and blaming the eu for the problems . 
  if people really dont understand why people voted out then they intentionally ignored the underlying concerns that this media were the only ones to cover . 
  i exaggerated for comic effect mainly , but yeah no-one really made a big deal of it when i studied in america when it came up as a joke convo . 
  well spotted , genuine typo but i 'll act like it was intentional . 
  holy crap i knew it was a lot but 60 + % actually made my jew drop . 
  edit : i 'm going to go ahead and leave that typo in there . 
  because a large number of americans have mutilated genitals and it pisses them off to be told this, 
  english fans and the media in the period of 3-4 weeks before a tournament . 
  and in fairness there was some potential here to not be embarassing . 
  but there 's too much reverance for famous players and then rejigging the team around them into bizarre formations . 
  this year it was rooney who did the square root of fuck all and always has at international level . 
  as said we always draw easy groups at group level , barely struggle through and then convince ourselves we 're somehow on a par with everyone else and only need to make effort against the big famous teams .
