  the germans have an antiquated law on books theyre going to get rid of . 
  we on the other hand have fuck all intention to reform our legal system . 
  well continue allowing this behaviour and arresting people for tweets . 
  not to mention his beloved tories cutting of legal aid to even more worsen the ability of normal people to contest the law on an even footing with the wealthy . 
  this guy doesnt give a crap about freedom of speech this is just a circlejerk . 
  comparing it both to the uk and to the tories attitude to free speech this is less a case of people in glass houses shouldnt throw stones and more a case of people in glass houses shouldnt bring a rapid fire stone launcher in and start shooting it into the air . 
  aaah this old chestnut again . 
  i get you . 
  aka `` we do n't want to train anyone '', 
  you 're saying there are n't the jobs for them as in ? 
  am a little confused i know nothing about the scandi job market outside of vague truisms . 
  if i 'm honest i think any changes to veto power in either direction are going to cause massive freak-outs . 
  i do n't dispute that it probably would be better for a lot of issues . 
  but i think it 's a ) a can of worms that should n't be opened b ) it 's probably for the best that it 's a bit harder to pass big european laws . 
  the bigger issue in my opinion is cleaning out stupid shit like the strasbourg shuffle and a sensible negotiated solution to the cap issue . 
  in we keep free trade deals to other rich countries like us , formalised channels for economic resolutions , crime information sharing , freedom of movement all the existing bits etc. 
  remain believes these are worth more than the costs we pay to stay in . 
  in short the status quo ( opinion ) if i 'm honest the main one for me from leave is that there is almost no coherent plan or even a coherent nice to haves to be seen . 
  one week it 's norway as our model ( who still have freedom of movement and pay , but have no representation ) next week it 's canada who pay tarrifs on a lot of goods etc etc etc. 
  neither of these offer what brexiters claim to be offering ( aka all the good bits of eu membership but no freedom of movement or costs etc ) . 
  it 's about as realistic as `` mexico will pay for the wall '' . 
  ( also my opinion ) there is a lot of emotive talk on sovereignty in a theoretical political philosophy kind of way but it 's mainly ignoring how the eu is structured with meps and our heads of state at the other end . 
  the kind of sovereignty demanded seems to be that we get to tell everyone else what to do . 
  the strongest single case for out for me ( and even as a remainer i still believe ) is that the eu is very bloated and needs a kick up the arse . 
  but that is n't really a case for out . 
  he would lose a libel or defamation case in the uk . 
  probably the worst single country he could go to . 
  theres a reason all the saudis and russians use the uk for their trials . 
  germany this is a quaint obsolete law from 100 years ago that 's almost certainly clashing with their constitution . 
  merkel is just allowing the prosecution to keep erdogan sweet and then when it almost inevitably loses in the courts ( ianal , in particular not a german lawyer but it is pretty clearly stated in their constitution ) they can just say they did everything they could . 
  then they will be removing the law . 
  [ nice explanation here from a thread in germany about it while we were watching the conference ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/germany/comments/4ew5eh/merkelstatement_zum_fall_b%c3%b6hmermann_f%c3%bcr_13_uhr/d23uqeu ), 
  thats fine but at the time its all the same `` romanians '' . 
  which is kind of the main point . 
  everyone zeros in on negative stories when theyre part of a narrative and stops thinking in a balanced way . 
  e.g now rather than going for `` ok the romanian thing was perhaps a bit overblown '' we 're looking for the muslim angle . 
  before we were thinking of romanians exactly the same as muslims without applying any subtleties like ( as you say ) are they from a group more likely to commit crime etc. 
  dw i agree with this , annoyingly i actually linked some dm articles from yesteryear to illustrate my point that it 's the same but it was autoremoved for linking the daily mail so we 'll see if that shows up again . 
  you have a very short memory then . 
  lets have a look at an article or two from a few years ago in the dm . 
  [ 35m a year to lock up polish criminals ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2538897/we-spend-35million-year-lock-polish-criminals-jails-900-criminals-held-packed-prisons.html ) [ romanian rapists ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1167122/romanian-raped-woman-live-luxury-british-jail-gets-wish.html ) not saying it 's exactly the same , i also have problems about it but as said this tale of amplification and hysteria is very familiar . 
  if i 'm honest the second one you could pretty much find and replace muslim and it would be similar looking at the swarthy faces . 
  also read the comments as well they sound very familiar . 
  i think you missed the joke . 
  the point is it 's been a new group who `` ca n't culturally integrate and will be on welfare '' every few years or so . 
  in the uk in the last 10 years it went from `` polish people cant integrate and they 're violent '' to `` polish people are alright actually , but these bulgarians and romanians wont integrate and they 're violent '' to `` yeah they 're alright but these muslims wo n't integrate and they 're violent '' . 
  all of them backed up with sensationalised selected cases . 
  theres definitely problems to be dealt with but these are to do with enforcing the law on criminals within a community rather than collective punishment of a whole group . 
  im aware . 
  san fran is the place that springs to mind as a large tech hub if i wanted to go to a place better than stockholm ( im in these places a lot for work so its personal experience im basing this off granted ) . 
  i guess austin as well but im not sure what the housing situation is like there though i really liked it . 
  nyc housing is even worse for example . 
  my main point is sweden performs very strongly for education so was curious where theyre expecting tp get such huge performance gains that it would justify the cost of moving, 
  why is america so great for education and housing ? 
  it seems housing in san fran is one of the worst in the world and education outside of the very top flight ( e.g mit etc ) is n't that much of an improvement . 
  out of curiosity why ? 
  education , technology take-up etc seems pretty good in sweden for creating the conditions for having a lot of it skills . 
  there 's lots of swedes and scandis working where i am in berlin with it stuff . 
  do they move elsewhere or do they just not exist ? 
  outside of the fact that likely is n't true i think you missed my point . 
  unless you 're on a temporary posting with a job you 're an immigrant.e.g pensioners in spain living there or running a bar etc are immigrants they are n't expats . 
  we do n't call chinese/indian people living in the uk running a restaurant expats . 
  as said it 's just a quirk i 've noticed that some countries doing immigrant stuff do n't get called as such . 
  i do always find that pretty funny this difference . 
  i always get called an `` expat '' as a british person in germany . 
  but i 'm not an expat i work for a german company and i 'm here permanently unless i decide to go home . 
  if i was posted by said company back to the uk on a temporary assignment i 'd be an expat . 
  this is n't a temporary posting and my `` home '' is here right now . 
  if i do n't decide to move home i 'll be here forever but for some reason no-one ever calls me `` immigrant '' whereas if i 'm polish or bulgarian or middle eastern in the same situation i 'm automatically `` immigrant '' . 
  it 's a funny little quirk i notice a lot in day to day life . 
  i think what was meant is this was an unusual situation when that many people came in . 
  normally it would be a lower number and it wouldnt be possible to move into homogenous neighbourhoods of non-speakers . 
  there would n't be as much of a need to do anything if there is no practical option outside of integrating and learning the language . 
  you 've lost the point . 
  we put the tarrifs on their exports coming into our country in retaliation for the tarrifs they would most likely put on ours . 
  no-one puts tarrifs on their own exports as you say that 's like shooting yourself in the face to win a gunfight . 
  you ca n't be serious at this point surely not following this ? 
  im not disagreeing with the fact . 
  but it 's not like the third world has high levels of childcare support and affordable housing for normal families . 
  i 'm pretty sure the reasons lie other than government support . 
  for me i not in a rush to have kids because i want to be able to maintain a decent standard of living while i have kids rather than impoverishing myself and i need to raise my income levels to do that . 
  that and i like sleeping around . 
  [ i give up ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trade_war ) just read the article . 
  no-ones saying germany is going to do something completely mental but logical actions come from other peoples actions . 
  why are brexiters always so convinced that the world will bend to how they want it to be ? 
  get back to reality . 
  ok lets run through this , we leave the eu and unless we get a special deal of the type that normally involves exactly the compromises we do n't want ( e.g free movement , contributing money again ) we are the subject of trade tarrifs , granted germany wouldnt ** want ** their goods to be more expensive , but they may do it anyway for politics or be pushed into it by the other countries in the eu that do n't care . 
  we then respond in kind taxing european products or be accused of undermining our own industry and letting the evil eu bully us for leaving . 
  we are not magically immune to politics and economics . 
  they put them on ours and then we put them on theirs . 
  that 's pretty much always whats happens . 
  it 's fine to say it it 's just a normal thing that we 'd have to accept could happen depending on internal politics and if the germans are willing to push against putting tarrifs on or not after we demand special treatment . 
  we 're not somehow magically immune to normal trading conditions and politics . 
  we 'll likely be facing tarrifs from the eu as most/all non members face so its not unlikely we 'd be retaliating . 
  no they dont . 
  there is no english government . 
  and its an important detail in this issue when it affects scotland wales and ni and scotland could leave . 
  most id say looking at the languages . 
  confirmation bias . 
  living in a `` muslim '' neighbourhood in berlin apparently when i go to work today im going to get raped and/or beheaded because breitbart said so .
