   it would be a better idea to compare germany to other continental european countries . 
  the uk is the bad kid of ( rich ) europe ( an countries ) when it comes to workers ' rights or social protection . 
  as said , main point is there 's a trade-off , plenty of northern european countries have pretty strong economies without being a hellhole . 
  they 're just the ones that come to mind first sorry for showing the examples of what 's meant . 
  why not ? 
  any type of eea efta deal we 're free to make trade deals have our own wto seat and can set our own fishing policy not to mention setting our own foreign policy and defence policy ( not that we did n't before ) sovereignty to do what exactly ? 
  just saying ` sovereignty ' means fuck all seeing as we were ` sovereign ' to do what we wanted to anyway , we just did n't because then we 'd be violating the agreement we made with others to resolve disputes with a third party . 
   i 'm more worried about what actual people think . 
  and yet `` actual people '' constantly parrot the same lines as tabloids come out with and the same mythology . 
  does that not make you think that there is something to this ? 
  these stats ( wherever you got them ) likely have more to do with reforms from 2010 or so under a coalition with the spd . 
  i 'm not going to comment on current politics in germany but broadly as said there are going to be winners and losers from any liberalisation but in my biased opinion as a brit living there germany has generally done a better job of ensuring losers are not as fucked as they are in the uk or the us for example . 
  not only that but this % is accompanied with some pretty damn high approval ratings for someone on their 3rd possible 4th term in office . 
  stats like the one you quote for example would need a bit more depth and context , for example is this people who are working in lower paid work who would n't have been working before ? 
  is this people whos wages have massively dropped ? 
  etc etc. 
  as said you simply ca n't have the best of a good economy and massive massive levels of labour protections for everyone without some trade-offs . 
   go on them . 
  give me all the quotes of these hard brexiteers saying that then . 
  go read your own media in the telegraph and the sun and see `` breaking point '' or old classics like [ this ] ( https://grrrgraphics.files.wordpress.com/2016/06/brexit_ben_garrison.jpg?w=640&amp;h=458 ) i ca n't be bothered citing this stuff for a million times and getting it un-autobanned for someone who 's trying to pretend a narrative did n't exist in all of the leave campaign . 
   lol what ? 
  sovereignty is different from immigration . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  it always comes back to immigration though . 
  we already have sovereignty over every other area of government policy . 
  everyone keeps saying `` sovereignty '' but when asked `` sovereignty to do what that we could n't before ? '', 
  it 's always `` le polish '', 
  i do n't know [ where ] ( https://grrrgraphics.files.wordpress.com/2016/06/brexit_ben_garrison.jpg?w=640&amp;h=458 ) anyone got the [ idea ] ( https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/b876b6534b1b1daf900917a6d6c51cc34651bbd4/0_0_2902_1743/master/2902.jpg?w=300&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=max&amp;s=4aca98700ff6731a31c285308c8e4086 ) that we want the eu to fail to validate us . 
  [ for example ] ( https://grrrgraphics.files.wordpress.com/2016/06/brexit_ben_garrison.jpg?w=640&amp;h=458 ) this type of stuff being published constantly by every major brexit supporting paper . 
  big ones going to be labour market reforms . 
  on one side massive labour protections and welfare slow the economy and entrepeneurship , on the other hand removing those protections will piss off lots of working people ( i.e strikes ) . 
  balancing between that while remaining particularly viable is going to be a bitch ( even if it is n't impossible for it to be an accepted success by most long-term as demonstrated in germany ), 
  and yet we 're talking about something that is n't socialist . 
   why do you think `` britain ca n't be given a good deal ! '', 
  for the same reason i ca n't have gym membership when i do n't want to pay for the gym or follow its rules ? 
  i know the line now from the brexit press is that this is somehow ` vindictive ' but this does n't make it true . 
   they fear the domino effect . 
  if you give one guy free shit for freeloading then yeah other people will want it to and then it collapses for everyone . 
  makes sense not quite the same as hoping for the rise of fascism to prove your political point right . 
   they know there are other member states where euroskepticism is strong . 
  looks like euroscepticism is getting quite a bit of a spanking recently thanks to brexit showing the realities off but keep wishing . 
  `` it 's not about immigration it 's about sovereignty stop saying it 's about immigration just because of [ certain people ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/eu-referendum-muslims_uk_576e558ce4b08d2c563937ff ) saying it is '' `` ok then we 'll go into the eea and make our own trade deals '' `` no but then we 'll have immigrants still ! '', 
  ok let 's phrase this in a simpler way what do brexiters want exactly ? 
  i hear a million different things on what they do n't want but then whenever anyone brings up the idea of a soft-brexit suddenly they have to have a hard brexit because otherwise there 'll be immigrants still if it 's [ watered down ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/farage-calls-supporters-get-even-if-brexit-watered-down-1590116 ) . 
   no they 're not . 
  some brexiteers ( a very fringe group ) want the eu to crash and burn . 
  most do n't . 
  and most politicians who advocated for brexit are n't going out and cheering on the destruction of le pen . 
  you should let the largest brexit media outlets know that because they certainly would n't agree with you . 
  while you 're at it let the hard brexiters know as well because they seem to be hoping for it everytime people say ` well it does n't matter if we get a bad deal as they 'll collapse soon anyway ' . 
   yet many obama voters voted for trump . 
  not all trump supporters love fox news . 
  not all brexiteers love the daily express/daily mail . 
  believe it or not , some brexiteers do n't care about immigration but were concerned about sovereignty . 
  ah yes good old ` sovereignty ' the argument that always leads back to ` sovereignty to control borders ' and then inexorably always comes back to immigration which then leads back to daily mail talking points . 
  as said it kind of looks like a vague placeholder argument because every tangible benefit collapsed . 
  it 's as deluded as ` we 're leaving the eu not europe ' having campaigned on how much of a shit-hole every other country is for two years . 
  i would just go google the express . 
  i 'd cite articles but it gets auto-banned but there 's a million and one different articles saying how france is about to elect le pen , germany is about to elect the afd and how the single market is about to break up etc etc. 
  brexiters are rubbing their hands at the eu collapsing into a bunch of smaller countries as that lets them claim they were right and then everyone will ignore the broken promises because `` well at least we left the eu '' . 
   how is this mainstream ? 
  because these publications have given farage and ukip free advertising for decades and constantly spouted brexit talking points and anti-immigrant propaganda for years ? 
  this is where the vast majority of brexit voters read their news or the source of all the talking points they give . 
  how could it not be called mainstream ? 
  it 's like talking about conservative thought in the us without mentioning fox news . 
  the spectator and the express and the mail etc are the mainstream how could you disagree with that ? 
  what else is the mainstream thought of brexiters if not the places that have been pumping out the brexit propaganda and talking points for decades ? 
  hell i thought i was being generous saying the spectator because they 're not nearly as moronic as the others ( aside rod liddle ) . 
  in fairness in the uk argue that the ` looney-web ' is a fairly small influence compared to 20-30 years of every tabloid pumping out made-up immigrant stories about how the indians/pakistanis/polish / romanians/bulgarians/muslims are all coming to rape your kids and banana regulations etc that were never corrected when provably false . 
  you should read the spectator and the express and other brexit media mouthpieces . 
  they were constantly crowing that europe was about to collapse and still are . 
  to pretend this was n't a mainstream thing to affirm the views of brexiters is deluded . 
   that was never my point , i did n't even imply that . 
  what some people are already doing is using what little welfare money they receive on alcohol/drugs , sometimes neglecting their own children , who go on the street and cause other people trouble . 
  i 've seen too many examples in my lifetime and among my former classmates and friends as well . 
  these people exist and the question is only how many of them are there . 
  but these people already exist though as you say yourself . 
  it 's not like people currently working jobs are just going to become alcoholics over night because ` fuck it ' . 
  these problem cases already exist in society . 
  if anything more people able to work on charity/non-profit projects would probably mean more help available to deal with these people and less of a problem . 
  i 'm not disputing the existence of these types of people at all , i live in berlin and there are a fair few of them about . 
  however they 're never going away and in the meantime i 'd rather a better system for everyone and deal with the edge cases than screw everyone just because you 're worried money will go to people you do n't like ( and who are often pretty deep in mental issues and have 0 self-worth due to not being able to do work that is ` valuable ' which can often be a factor ) . 
   in case you 're wondering how they pay for rent/apartments/heating - they do n't . 
  they have huge debts and the laws are humane enough to let them go with it . 
  if you take those expenses out of the equation then even a small welfare check can easily provide you with simply booze . 
  at least until the debts get ridiculously high . 
  i know , as said i live in berlin germany and i see this all the time . 
  however even with the massive amounts of help people get in germany under hartz iv i do n't think the problems of the usual people at ` the bottom ' of the ladder somehow merit a shitty and punitive system for everyone else . 
  my bigger issue that you touch on is what you do with the people who just piss it away on booze and fags in the first day of the month and then leave their kids startving for example , do we then ` top them up ' or what ? 
  and is n't that a bit unfair ? 
  a ) what you 're arguing for is better enforcement of the rules , which becomes much easier when there is no opaque bureaucracy to be gaming . 
  b ) ubi is n't meant to fund a coke and champagne lifestyle it 's meant to fund a basic standard of living . 
  dont worry people who are unemployed are n't going to be living the life of riley . 
  i 'm a developer on high pay and i think this is a good idea . 
  i 'd certainly rather my taxes go on a ubi than paying a million different agencies to create holes to jump through . 
  not dealing with problems before they become a crisis is how people end up in shit situations so i do n't see why ignoring problems as a society is going to turn out any better . 
  i certainly would n't do it in my own work and wait for a minor system issue to crash the whole thing . 
  you need to read the reply before excitedly jumping off into replying to things i 'm not saying , lets take the whole sentence shall we ? 
   if anything us style deregulation is probably doing worse than socialism as they were so rich to begin with to summarise turning venezuela into a shit-hole from a start point of slightly less shitty shit-hole is n't quite as impressive as turning detroit into a shit-hole with poisoned water from a start point of extremely stable strong industrial city . 
  north korea is a kleptocracy and is irrelevant .
