  why would the fdp not go into coalition with the cdu ? 
  my understanding was both are pretty pro-business . 
  how ? 
  the us has some of the worst quality of life indicators in the world in particular in the most free market states , if anything us style deregulation is probably doing worse than socialism as they were so rich to begin with . 
  as if the national level is n't enough just look at how you can look at the deregulation at all costs states consistently being propped up by the money from nyc and california and other more pragmatic states . 
  it does n't explain the fact that social democracies in europe have the highest standards of living in the world and the uk is a shit-hole to live in for people who are n't on a decent income . 
  libertarianism and deregulation is as much of if not more of a failure than socialism at this point even having been done in one of the richest countries in the world in the us . 
  i always found it funny as someone living in germany when post-facters rant about `` they should stop this muslim invasion ! '', 
  never seem to have any details . 
  apparently i should just get up from my desk at work now and just run outside screaming and punch someone muslim looking in the face or something ( do i have to yell ` deus vult ' while doing it for it to count as being ` based ' ? ) . 
  with the only consequence in reality likely being that i would then get banned from the corner shop and then where would i buy a beer from ? 
  they 've never actually said what they would do aside from creating a pre-crime of being muslim though . 
  go fuck off to usa or turkey or russia if you hate it . 
  plenty of authoritarian anti-rationals there they 've already fucked enough countries now . 
  gurantee any mass published paper censors words from guardian to ft to daily mail to the sun to whatever . 
  hell i do n't even remember reading printed swear words in that bastion of pc correctness breitbart . 
  really do n't see the issue there is 0 need for profanity in civil discourse . 
  even if it 's fucking great on the internet . 
  normal papers also censor swear words . 
  it 's nowt with pc at all . 
   improvisation . 
  that 's a very charitable way to put it thankyou . 
  [ here she is meeting with trumps downstairs neighbour and european gobetween george lombardi ] ( https://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/660/cpsprodpb/1f12/production/_93545970_marine.jpg ) you might be stupid enough to think that a politician seeking funding for election just turns up in the presidents tower and meets with connected politicians who 've fixed funding for other nationalist parties . 
  but that does n't apply to all of us . 
  but hey for anyone not stupid here 's a nice profile of [ george lombardi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/george_lombardi )  you are fake news you realise that 's a joke about post-fact politcians now right ? 
  go look through my post history i 'm not some right wing idiot or donald poster at all . 
  chill . 
   the most hated country in / europe , that has several anti-swedish circlejerks every day on the front page ... `` involable '' and `` holy good name '' . 
  i think you 're reading a different place to everyone else lol . 
  i know on far right website 's they make up lots of bollocks but i 'd argue that while this gets bad sometimes it 's not that horrific . 
   5th time i see that comparison today . 
  keep trying . 
  i 'm making the comparison because of you lol it 's nothing to do with sweden . 
  if you get this triggered when people dare to question the trope of le perfect sweedish heaven then i 'm not surprised you hear it a lot . 
  [ all i can say to you getting this worked up about the implication that sweden is n't heaven ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/vk7vesvyzewui/giphy.gif ) i 'm done anyhoo this is silly now . 
  i thought i was making a mild observation about people i meet in my day to day life not daring to besmirch the involable and holy good name of ~ ~ north korea ~ ~ sweden . 
  thank god there 's never been any stereotypes about british people at all that are negative otherwise this would look ridiculously over-sensitive . 
  lol as opposed to [ `` ar nige '' ] ( http://www.newyorker.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/nigel-farage-poi-2-690.jpg ) or [ aaron `` privatise the nhs '' banks ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-05-10/mr-brexit-came-to-washington-and-then-things-got-a-bit-awkward ) or our own many tory mps with links to us private healthcare companies [ here ] ( http://socialinvestigations.blogspot.de/2012/07/over-70-mps-connected-to-companies.html ) . 
  or sorry did you mean the totally not american puppet marine le pen seen [ here ] ( https://static01.nyt.com/images/2017/01/14/us/14lepen/14lepen-master768.jpg ) leaving her meeting with the current potus and definitely not russian oligarchs bum boy who 's currently singing her praises ? 
  tl : dr the problem with the combining of projection and saying wild unsubstantiated bullshit is that it tends to come back and bite you in the arse and make you look a bit of a prat . 
  i 'd highly recommend you not try to mix the two , you can project , and you can spout vacuous bullshit , but the two together kind of makes one look silly . 
  towards what lol ? 
  what are ` we ' expecting here ? 
  who said i hate anyone lol ? 
  just something i noticed in my life , as i also say i 'm in berlin and in stockholm a lot of course i see more hipsters than non-hipsters ( apparently stockholms different ) ? 
  you seem very sensitive if it helps at all swedens lovely and everythings great , you happier cupcake ? 
  well that escalated quickly from me saying a load of hipsters dont meet the stereotype lol . 
  maybe take a break there old boy . 
  i swear to god i 've been holding this for ages but i work with loads of swedish girls . 
  i 've been with a few norwegians/finns who were the whole `` blonde scandi '' stereotype but every swedish girl i know has been nose pierced blue hair bowl haircuts etc and/or does n't go to gym ( not meaning necessarily overweight ) . 
  and yet the internet is still ablaze about swedish women every day . 
  it really seems bizarre , granted i work in berlin so it will attract a lot of those people but it 's really noticeable that it 's really common even when i 'm in stockholm itself occasionally . 
  as said it 's kind of hard to fuck up if everyone in the country is more active you 're simply going to have more `` attractive '' people but it seems like it 's an out of date stereotype for me personally . 
  well thank god for that lol . 
  another amazing answer there `` shut up '' as if that somehow disproves the parallels . 
  get over it mate , they showed their colours moment they came to power and tried to shut down all debate as traitorous . 
  if you 're using the word remoaner and telling people to shut up we won when you lose the rational arguments you 're an authoritarian same as the erdogan lot, 
  yep tight leash as fm ( aka may deals with all the grown up stuff as is usual for a pm ) , and by tight leash i mean may literally has her hand up his arse - ( my personal insight here ) - as a sock puppet for her softening up the no-compromise hardliners and immigration obsessives for the chance of dissapointment when they have to compromise with transitional deals etc [ e.g ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-greece-britain-johnson-idukkbn1782f7 ) . 
  he 's not allowed to say stuff out of turn like this in a pre-screened speech when may is such a control freak so i think we can fairly confidently assume this is the party line atm . 
  not sure about france but the uk all the nukes are in subs . 
  each sub carries up to 16 missiles each missile carrying up to 12 nuclear warheads and there is anywhere between 1 and 4 on patrol anywhere in the world ( and likely if tensions rise they 'd all be out ) . 
  if you could simueltaneously destroy even half of a nuclear submarine fleet the sheer intelligence feat of that alone would be mind blowing . 
  one sub can craterise the largest 3-4 population centers in russia . 
  assuming 3 missiles at each to make sure . 
  hell with the uk being so densely populated you could probably do every city with one sub ( if we wanted to blow ourselves up for the bantz ) nuclear weapons are no fuck about at all with how few you need to wreck things . 
  so yes as said mad is a thing for a reason . 
  does poor execution entail scrapping the whole idea of co-operation though ? 
  as said the eurozone has fairly sound reasoning and seems to have worked well for all the parts of europe that are n't running a tax and spend and inflate economy . 
  and even those that were like spain are slowly modernising . 
  there 's a lot of crocodile tears about greece from the right wing ( who were the first shouting about lazy greeks when shit went down ) but greece outside of the eu would be about the same as argentina or venezueala now , aka a complete write off economically swinging from crisis to crisis as an inherent part of their economic planning . 
  the argument about deflation is very easy and simple to bang out just like `` undemocratic eu '' ( normally written in caps ) but it lacks a lot of the nuance about why a common currency was necessary for a single market to function as it 'd be nearly impossible to regulate with 27 countries some of which are being manipulated etc. 
  not to mention that if , for example , the uk had actually joined the euro in the end what would 've happened then ? 
  there 's all kinds of ponderables to this question when you get beyond the usual sloganeering level stuff . 
  nato is a military security organisation . 
  as said the problem here is mission creep the foreign policy is an extension of the agreed `` single market '' thing not a replacement for nato ( which includes the us and does n't look out for the same interests ) . 
  for example when this trading bloc wants to start making deals with china , then you need to agree your game plan , and then what happens when someone needs sanctions on this market that are affecting the whole of your little market ? 
  as said it sounds very nice on paper to say `` just the single market and the nothing else '' but practicality forces this kind of thing ( or so they 'd argue anyway ) . 
  as said you have to think about what you actually mean with ambition . 
  i 'd personally have voted to be in the eea and out of the eu if it 'd been on the card and it had n't been an obvious political stamping exercise ( personally i think the uk should 've been in that from day one but that 's history now ) . 
  i came down on remain in the end because i had a feeling the votes for many complicated reasons from nhs , to anti-immigration , to protest votes , to people like me would be hijacked by the hardliners and the wannabe american privateers who 've been obsessed with this for years and were just looking for any excuse to hide behind . 
  and here we are lol with the brexit bubble trying to claim that people voting from impoverished northern towns with struggling safety nets and underfunded hospitals were actually voting for more screwing over by globalism and even more underfunded healthcare ruled over by the same guys who created the whole mess of impoverishment from globalisation in the first place . 
  as said they know they 're lying , this is a pure propaganda effort now on their part to shove this through . 
  absolutely it is , we just standardise regulations and standards on all of our products so that everyone is happy with everyone elses products being traded in the country . 
  obviously that 's a bit tricky for everyone to manage 27 different relationships ( aka a 27 to the power of 27 way agreement ) so we all come to an agreement that we all form a central organisation that takes care of the regulations so then we agree not to exercise sovereignty except through this central or-oh fuck we 've recreated the single market again ... ok i 'm being glib ( personally i actually have no proper love for the eu as a political organisation outside of vague wishy washy `` european-ness '' concepts . 
  the common foreign policy stuff etc makes more sense for smaller countries than for the uk . 
  i just think the single market is a good thing and we should be a commited and produtive part of that and not just a sulky follower along to the political stuff that we 're not interested in ) . 
  in seriousness how would you organise 27 different countries without having them all agree on one central organisation ? 
  i mean in the long long term future stuff i could see blockchain type economies making this kind of stuff redundant removing the states but in the medium term economics and trade is organised through nation states and nation states always have self-interest . 
  brexit bubble ( aka media owned by wealthy non-british tax evaders and privateers consisting of all of our favourite tabloid papers ) is acting surprised . 
  they want hard brexit over everything and they 're going to pin the natural consequences of us leaving full-retard brexit on the eu countries being somehow vindictive by not agreeing to shoot themselves in the face as a favour . 
  to hard brexiters thus stirring up resentment amongst their readers and stop people looking at how deluded these promises were and how fucked they 're getting by deregulation . 
  and also trying to push the government around as well to a certain extent . 
  some members of government who should know better ( e.g david davis ) actually seem to have been buying into this at one point as it would seem as they genuinely did n't have a clue how the eu works [ case in point ] ( https://twitter.com/daviddavismp/status/735770127564607489?lang=en ) ` oh well we 'll just negotiate with the germans bi-laterally ' . 
  hilariously for him as he was a big one for saying ` we can negotiate our own deals unconstrained by a trade bloc , but now we 'll negotiate with one country out of the trade bloc ' . 
  nsfw shockingly lol : o, 
  how is it blackmail ? 
  if the eu and associated co-operation does n't exist neither do those benefits just as they do n't exist for countries outside the eu . 
  but boris johnson said there would be [ cake ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1mvzytx5zg ) and eating of cake . 
  that 's pretty much how dutch sounds to me anyway as someone used to speaking german by now . 
  you 're more keen to defend the free speech of the daily mail ( and it 's role as an attack dog for the tory government and the brexit movement ) than criticise its attempts to silence and intimidate the speech of the political opposition .
