  im not a supremacist like you , lol . 
  you fucking just fit into that definition right in . 
  and i 'm the one who 's banned . 
  left-leaning whites are as racist as the right leaning ones :') how about i stay in europe to laugh at you some more . 
  i mean watching this unfold is hilarious . 
  i mean you 're acting cool on reddit but in real life it 's a total meltdown . 
  brexits , trumps , nazi rallies , burning mosques . 
  you 're not fooling anyone chad  how about i stay in europe to laugh at you some more . 
  i mean watching this unfold is hilarious . 
  i mean you 're acting cool on reddit but in real life it 's a total meltdown . 
  brexits , trumps , nazi rallies , burning mosques . 
  i love how everyone else has to be judged by our idiots but apparently i ca n't laugh at you as an individual for your ridiculous assertions lol . 
  i did n't say anything is superior i just point out the preposterousness of pointing at the part of the world with the highest standards of living and then claiming superiority because of some racial theory . 
  when very clear and credible evidence both conducted by independent entities and by the countries themselves contradict it . 
  by the way yes i will post every single one of your butthurt responses here . 
  i think it 's important for people to hear how delusional you are . 
  it 's almost nice to not be laughing at white supremacists for once because this time i do n't feel embarassed personally . 
  it 's good to see that delusionality and verifiable stupidity is spread across racial lines . 
  also i just got called chad . 
  my bucket list is one down :d, 
  so then let 's see the source again . 
  oh ok they 're heavily distorted right wing blogs again ? 
  right well there 's your problem . 
  why does anyone have to respectful to people who are n't respectful by their very nature to anyone who is n't one of them ? 
  we 're really sick of being pc to people who really are just fucking stupid as to believe in stuff with 0 credible in the fact of all credible counter-evidence . 
  not to mention that it 's also pretty funny that the alt-right are so sensitive about rape except for when it 's anyone except in sweden at which point women are just making it up . 
  the alt-right are not against rape they 're against muslims and fabricating rape trends is just part of that . 
  not even good , only mark carney , tim barrow and arguably douglas carswell actually knows what they 're talking about , we fired everyone with a realistic view and a plan on how to actually achieve anything and they 're trying to perform neurosurgery with homeopathic doctors . 
  david davis etc i genuinely thought they were acting ignorant to make a point to brexiters but they genuinely seem to not understand why people laugh when his line was `` well we 'll negotiate individually with countries in this trade bloc that we left because we could n't negotiate independently '', 
  it 's not americans it 's american stupid people . 
  we have plenty of that type of incoherent post-truth ranting amongst brexiters/daily mail readers as well so it 's not like stupidity and ignorance is n't well distributed globally . 
  and do n't tell me you 've not heard anyone joke about about stereotypical fat stupid gun-toting americans either . 
  johnson has spent years on the fence about brexit , even speaking about the posities of free movement and the single market as mayor of london . 
  he wrote a pro-remain column the day before deciding to support leave . 
  his position was at best ambiguous at worst purely cynical to play politics . 
  you have n't given any evidence or reasoning behind your point , that is what `` nuh-uh '' reasoning is . 
  you are exactly like the denialist in this satirical piece [ here ] ( http://www.theonion.com/multiblogpost/this-war-will-destabilize-the-entire-mideast-regio-11534 ), 
  ok we 'll divert into merkel over the general political culture in germany ( which as said i 'm very envious of ) i think it was a failure initially . 
  it was a big political move yes likely prompted by her making that kid cry . 
  but her fuck up came in this speech that was mistranslated to say `` everyones welcome '' that still gets spouted now by the right wing and then all the randomers came . 
  the more important bit ( and i 'm shocked she got away with this ) but she 's created this refugees thing , and then she seems to be winning political capital when she 's shoring it up , e.g this deal with turkey , tightening up laws on deportation etc. 
  i 'm not disputing with you that she 's a consumate politician , but my reading of the politics here in germany as a foreigner is that it 's quite remarkable that shes taken a self-created problem and now the cdu message is that she 'll fix the problem that she created better than schulz will . 
  and actually i think the germans can fix the problem , the bureaucracy is that good that they can actually deport rejected migrants and deal with criminals if they want to . 
  the uk we talk a big game on immigrants but we 've underfunded our border force so much that we can make all these big flashy statements about getting rid of `` bad '' immigrants , but they are n't actually going to execute it because the resources are not there . 
  absolutely and i think that 's the one policy that schulz is showing a better position than merkel on with acknowledging this . 
  but i think merkel will come round to it eventually as well ( probably causing some damage while she makes the calculation of if it will piss voters off more to give money to greece or to have the economy collapse from a grexit ) . 
  but my main point is this is wonkish stuff they 're not going off on harebrained schemes to piss billions of euros up the wall in grand gestures to solve statistically non-existent problems . 
  that is a good situation to be in even if you disagree on courses of action on specific issues . 
   with the americans , the 100 day rule has n't even passed yet . 
  and they 've already shat themselves in scandals . 
  you think this is going to improve ? 
  just saying `` give him a chance '' when after a month they 've already shat themselves in scandals is n't being charitable that 's just snowflake participation medal type mentality . 
  he 's being treated the same as any other president , they 're his fuck ups it 's not the fault of the press for reporting them . 
   it has n't even technically passed yet and anyone who advocated for it had no actual power to really speak of . 
  the closest you got was boris johnson . 
  who scuttled off the moment he won because he knew he was n't going to be able to do any of the things he said he would . 
  just how many of the promises of brexit look likely atm ? 
  they are n't giving more money to the nhs , we are n't going to cut immigration [ source with report ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/experts-say-brexit-will-have-a-toiy-impact-on-immigration-a7572631.html ) and these amazing trade deals are either reliant on increased freedom of movement like with india , will come with huge baggage like the us or are vanishingly small in business value terms like australia . 
  now rather than calling it `` bollocks '' because you do n't like it what 's an actual point you have outside of dismissive insults ? 
  if you want a leader with an ideology before policy then look at how the republicans or the conservatives govern in the us and uk . 
  the fact that the main fuck up one can point at is this refugee policy is surely an indicator of how well she 's done ? 
  and even that refugee policy is being tightened up as they react to issues like none-deportation of algerians/morrocans etc. 
  it 's one thing to come out with big show policies and another to actually execute those policies and her style of governance has been to actually execute and then react to events . 
  i 'm not sure how one could improve on that if i 'm honest , i 'm fairly sure there are some criticisms about hartz iv systems or minimum wages but germany is being governed by someone who is n't fucking mental and it 's hard to realise you have that until its gone . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're german or not but this is the exact thing of only seeing the negatives and not realising what positives there are . 
  are there problems in germany ? 
  absolutely , is there inequality ? 
  yes . 
  the difference is that politicians actually vaguely acknowledge it rather than trying to pass it off as peoples laziness and that is the first step to actually doing something about it . 
   crucially , you may want to think about the consequences of a country that derives its economic strength mainly through ridiculous export surpluses . 
  meh they make good products and sell a lot of them , that is n't government policy really . 
  not sure what whoevers in charge is supposed to do about that , intentionally harm their own industry to bring things into balance ? 
  perhaps ( well actually very likely imo ) there is an improvement to be had in dealing with the imbalances in the eu at a european level , but as said this is high level stuff , the core politics with which germany runs has n't tumbled into made up shit like in my country and the us . 
  that does n't exactly seem like a bad thing . 
  on its own . 
  i 'm not a citizen but i type this from germany and my impression of the country after 3 years or so living there is a decent economic policy without just saying `` well fuck it let 's just let rich people do whatever they want '' and a relatively liberal social policy without being over-bearingly so . 
  i 'd probably vote cdu if i was a citizen . 
  i 'm not sure germans realise that they have a very rational and realistic political culture and that 's really going to serve this country very well as the uk and the us reap the results of over-doing neo-liberalism over the next couple of years . 
  i think if anything what people can learn is that trump and brexiters talk a good game standing on the sidelines and criticising before but all they do when in power is screw stuff up and then spend the whole time shouting down anyone who points out that they were completely bullshitting what they would achieve . 
  the lack of civic values and the democratic behaviour of third world dictators should be a massive warning sign to anyone considering voting for post-fact movements in the future . 
  i 'm not sure it 's relevant actually . 
  being billy big bollocks about nuking millions of people is one thing but we have never experienced a nuclear war and there are a different set of equations . 
  and it runs the whole gamut from military strategy to utilitarian philosophy on if human beings will actually press the button . 
  not even the us did it easily if you read the history of the decision to nuke japan and that was n't launching the global apocalypse and did n't even kill a million people let alone the multiple millions that would be killed by this . 
  the bbc actually took a load of ex senior civil servants , military personnel etc and ran a theoretical war game and filmed them running through it . 
  very interesting documentary [ here ] ( https://vimeo.com/154370371 ) . 
  while it 's obviously not a cctv camera on the wall of a real government decision making room , it 's still a bunch of real retired senior people who are informed on the issues running through the arguments in a theoretical war game and they do seem to actually take it quite seriously . 
  anyway the arguments on why do it and how a war is escalated and if they should push the button are interesting . 
  spoiler : they voted to not shoot nukes by 3-8, 
  yes but the us has gone full retard and the uk is all over the shop as well . 
  perhaps trump might listen to mattis or perhaps he 'll listen to his russian friends . 
  as said they are not reliable and for countries like estonia , poland etc that is n't good enough to wait 4-8 years for someone who is n't cucked by putin to come along . 
  did somebody say european nukes ? 
  well i mean italians though ... 
  let 's see how many people read the article before going straight off on racist `` muslim rapists '' rants . 
  useful opportunity to tag morons . 
  i feel like the british got off with it pretty easy actually . 
  like anyone is going to understand spanish/italian whatever the hell that gibberish is . 
  also i think the easiest way to annoy the irish is `` so is this part of england right ? '', 
   `` but what if it 's a false flag !? '' .
