  we have n't heard anything about the background , if this person is a refugee or a long term migrant or even islamic yet . 
  people have made arses of themselves before plenty of times jumping straight to the evil refugees card so probs wise not to without actual evidence especially seeing as most of the large attacks have been committed by long-term citizens with immigrant backgrounds who fly under the radar easier . 
  it 'll definitely get worse . 
  i live in berlin and a friend lives in the west area near where this happened . 
  you dont drive a truck through a market as packed as that and come off with only a few scratches on people . 
  is that not true that it has heavy roots in paganism ? 
  most likely , but it 's a convenient co-incidence that the need to fit the headline also helped push the narrative they 're trying to push . 
  not to forget that here there 's a good out but the more egregious examples are what sets a general narrative . 
  weird . 
  the silence is deafening on this source of her saying that . 
  because feels over reals is more popular in post-fact world . 
  a ) not people who vote against something in a winmer takes all system b ) once a leader is in power and does stuff not on manifestos etc its rather complex to say . 
  no the irs said hes bullshitting and name one or two who havent ? 
  absolute revisionist rubbish . 
  yes but you must realise enforcing laws is hard , requires real work and thinking and doesnt generate as much headlines as `` we banned guns '' which only takes writing a law and then you get to make a big press conference and get some rapturous applause . 
  dont even need to go that far when are we going to see donald ` clean as a whistle ' trumps tax returns ? 
  unfortunately what 's being spoken about is the perception of a country . 
  everyone gets held accountable for the actions of prominent individuals or groups . 
  ask americans about being held accountable for bush for years . 
  it 's definitely shitty and irrational but its just something that people do . 
  the hell is max ? 
  this a swedish thing ? 
  it 's been bizarre for me that carlsberg in germany is actually pretty nice i 'm not sure if its a placebo effect but i have it logged in my head as a shit beer in the uk . 
  why not just take the total production and divide it by person in the country ? 
  would be an interesting chart as well . 
  mfw when im brazilian and get surprise [ triggered ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rtwdmuc.gif ), 
  brexit and trump are both turning out to be as much of a pie in the sky crock of shit as they were said to be . 
  id say its good for non-post-fact parties . 
  although problem is the issues underneath need to be engaged still . 
  these loonies have poisoned the well for people who want to talk about immigration without `` being a muslim '' pre-crimes as a solution . 
  so united that bojo backstabbed cameron and thenvgot backstabbed himself because he was `` only an opportunistic brexiter '' or he wanted gove to take the fall . 
  neither of which doesnt sound like it makes machiavelli look like the care bears . 
  unity is more than just jeering at the right times at pmqs . 
  the attack plan on miliband was calling him a marxist and pictures of him eating a bacon samdwich . 
  which then rather left them without a stick when an actual marxist got elected . 
  umfortunately not quite so good at keeping his party together or making the country work for poorer people enough that they didnt end up desperate enough to succumb to pie in the sky promises . 
  but apparently the same side saying its complicated are perfectly fine with fabrications of raped russian girls , routinely claiming thousands of rapes not sexual assaults . 
  misusing higher reporting rates with `` rape capital of the world '' and bringing up any attempt to redress this mythology with `` you must support mass rape by muslims '' . 
  plenty of people want to talk on how to deal with issues when they happen . 
  but precrime of being muslim or letting people die because they are from country y tends to lose people like me . 
  well yeah . 
  as do jews and catholics . 
  do we have the same freaks outs about that or do we allow people to be in power within a constitution ? 
  im much less freaked about a muslim in power who doesnt mention it than a christian in power who enforces their morality without a mandate . 
  not sure how that follows at all . 
  dont create precrime of being muslim isnt quite the same as `` throw open the gates '', 
  this guy literally spent his victory rally yesterday continuing to slag off everyone against him still [ here ] ( http://www.businessinsider.de/trump-victory-rally-ohio-2016-12?r=us&amp;ir=t ) just how much evidence do you want here ? 
  ok but that 's not the question . 
  either the system is biased against him because of a mexican judge and race does come into it and him saying blacks should just get over it is a racist double standard . 
  or the system is n't biased against him and he 's just claiming a judges race somehow affects their competence to practice as a diversion strategy . 
  he 's boxed himself in . 
  just like he has with saying 3 million illegals voted for clinton but there should be no investigation into voter fraud despite him just saying there was massive fraud . 
  just like `` this billionaire is establishment , this billionaire is not '' . 
  in short getting my point is the people getting outraged and demanding a cap are virtue signalling . 
  in the same way that building a massive wall to stop mexicans with holes in it kilometres long in a world where air travel exists is also just addressing the symptoms . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by `` give them a visa '' because that could mean anything from tourism to working or student visa when they have a job offer to `` yeah fuck it come over do whatever '' . 
  theres a huge lack of precision in this argument with refugees becoming immigrants and back again and visas being used interchangeably with freedom of movement etc. 
  and then when you point out the flaw in one then suddenly the other type was meant . 
  it 's a bit like playing whack-a-mole with a lot of the more disingenuous types with the moving goalposts . 
  but to answer your question i 'd say bear in mind that immigrants are so politically toxic that dismantling our economy and screwing huge swathes of our companies development in order to cut immigration is a very viable political strategy at the moment . 
  that rather answers the question does n't it ? 
   i dont belive judical system is white . 
  [ well it is overwhelmingly ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2012/mar/28/judges-ethnic-sex-diversity-judiciary#data ) apologies for the uk data but that was the clearest data to hand . 
   ur bias is there no matter how much we try to be objective . 
  but special teams should look up this cases so we can be sure there is no problems . 
  i belive the judge can actually be objective but there should be a commity that watches over this stuff . 
  right so then trump refuses to acknowledge that there may be biases against black people and it 's just black people being moany . 
  why always this double standard ? 
  that 's certainly fishy if nothing else . 
  i 'd change a lot about it . 
  for starters i live in germany myself . 
  does n't mean i 'm saying put up a wall and collapse greece and let people drown in the mediterranean etc or other big silly dramatic gestures that sound good on the internet but are going to blow up in your face in real life . 
  and that requres a hell of a lot of things to happen a ) they actually get refugee status and not the tier ii status that most are getting now b ) they have to stay for years and pass criteria for residency in germany . 
  that does n't look likely , just as the germans are strict in allowing people in because of their obligations under law and to not have italy and greece collapse . 
  so they will be pretty bureaucratic about people leaving as well as many bosnians and kosovans found out . 
  c ) residency is not the same as eu citizenship with associated freedom of movement rights ( trust me , i 've been doing research on this as a brit living in germany post-brexit ) . 
  hence my ecuadorian friend who has been married to a german guy for years living in germany can not visit the uk without a visa . 
  and that 's for `` normal '' immigrants it seems unlikely if fanciful that they 'd be doling that out for these people under protection for any more than a few cases ( which most likely will be blown up by the post-fact bubble and claimed to be representative of all cases nonetheless . 
  d ) say you survive all that and you become the proper scrounging immigrant of the daily mails imagination . 
  why would you build a life over 5 years in germany just to throw it away just to claim benefits in the uk on an inferior welfare system ? 
  i 've got a bit of a warped bubble view because it 's the field i work in ( internet stuff and data ) but yeah i 'd say it 's already basically being illiterate . 
  there 's still a `` technical '' and `` non-technical '' divide but it 's not `` knows excel and can use a computer '' . 
  between people who use excel and made tools and applications and the people who build the infrastructure that makes those tools happen . 
  going back on myself tthough i 'm not sure if it would develop beyond that to knowing a high level language like python like everyone keeps saying . 
  it 's easy to get people who know what they 're doing to write a tool , but when non-technical people are trying to write code and manipulate data it gets shitty very quickly , in the same way that a football player knows fuck all about boot manufacturing . 
  so i 'm less optimistic than people who say `` everyone will know how to code in the future '' though as someone who did n't `` start '' with computer science or anything there 's still a lot of imposter syndrome that i really dont know as much some incredible c programmer but the fact that i can rtfm and use linux and python and js etc and can write ( imo v average ) code stuff that makes other stuff happen makes me a fucking wizard to people . 
  no i 'm just saying it 's very arbitrary to declare one guy establishment and one as not establishment . 
  and then fills his cabinet with the establishment . 
  likewise if i say `` i 'm not a racist i 'm not a racist '' and then say `` yeah but this guys mexican so he 's not a competent judge to judge my case '' while simueltaneously denying that an overwhelmingly white judicial system might be harsher on black people then you just look a hypocrite dancing around some clear racial issues . 
  right . 
  and trump donated to political parties too and freaking hated obama and got involved in politics . 
  if you 're going to make pronouncements on one guy being `` establishment boo hiisss '' or not it better be consistent or it just looks like you 're using `` good '' words for your favourite guy and `` bad '' words for the guy you dont like . 
  which is n't really an argument more a challenge of who can shove the most negative words into a sentence . 
  and as said i migrated to germany because i got a job there . 
  most people migrate for work . 
  watch the outcry when the daily mail misuses stats on eu migrants who dont have a job on arrival because they 're looking for work . 
  i have problems with the handling of this refugee business ( aka deporting people who get rejected ) but i 'm not sure what your point is here that people who migrate for economic reasons somehow dont bring culture etc with them and or do n't end up being influenced by where they live . 
  and i got paid today for my first month at a new job after being on holiday , by projecting an exponential trend trend of from 0 to my paycheck this month then i should be a billionaire by february . 
  in seriousness population growth is slowing not in part due to a ) populations getting wealthier and more educated b ) better birth control access and the catholics not being as nutty . 
  the name is walking juxtaposition in fairness maybe it 's a novelty account about being completely contradicting .
