  the uk just wants the single market and then to be able to do trade deals elsewhere and deal with foreign policy etc where the eu is n't nimble enough . 
  we 're going to be following eu regulations and standards anyway even in the most rock hard of brexits so no point freaking out about that either . 
  genuinely mutually beneficial outcome . 
  in practical terms it 's all up in the air of what 's politically viable , but there are plenty of face-saving methods for both sides if the uk govt stopped taking policy from the daily mail tommorow which as you say is the main issue to deal with . 
  i say in another post below that i think the uk in an eea arrangement would 've been better from day one and left to get on with our own thing in the single market politically . 
  only barrier is getting the loud ideological hard brexiters to drop the obession with freedom of movement and softening language from the uk govt seems to suggest they 're realising that hard daily mail brexiters are going to fuck brexit up for everyone else . 
  i do n't see it happening either at all . 
  the noises coming out of the government of accepting freedom of movement and transition deals make me think it 'll be something like a fudged eea type deal which is probably what the uk should have been in the whole time anyway ( i 'd have voted for that if it 'd been on the ballot personally even though i voted remain i do n't particularly love the eu personally ) . 
  hard brexiters have kind of sabotaged their own ideal brexit by not understanding how anything works ( e.g assuming the germans will just throw free trade at us because they need us to buy cars ) shutting down all of the ways that it could 've worked ( e.g wanting a trade deal without any legal force in the ecj ) and pissing away political capital and they 'll go back to moaning from the sidelines in the tabloids etc as they were doing the last 20-30 years anyway . 
   ( iirc the opinion polls in uk show that opinions are unchanged in regards to brexit being bad or good . ), 
  not exactly surprising the iraq war did n't start going down in approval for years either until it was super clear how delusional the wmds were and how much shit it unleashed in the middle east that everyone else was warning off and being called a traitor an unpatriotic etc. 
  now everyone was supposedly against it as well mysteriously . 
  [ source ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2015/06/03/remembering-iraq/ ) in terms of the eu side i think this argument is over-egged of britain being a net contributor but in the case of `` do we let the uk stay or do we fuck around with it for politics sake '' . 
  i have a feeling it would be the former in this theoretical case . 
  * problems caused by looser border checks * ** we need to control the borders you assholes !, 
  ** * eu controls borders * ** oh ffs thanks eu now the borders are all controlled you assholes **, 
  so you think it would be more fair if the biggest countries controlled everything all the time ? 
  point of the eu is one institution is population based and one is country based . 
  how after all of this stuff people can still be so completely clueless on this is mind boggling . 
  well duh , but if theoretically the uk went `` ok sod this we 'll stay '' is anyone going to object to having a net contributor back ? 
  that 's pretty much how it is with the heads of state having an equal vote and veto in the council and weighted by population in the european parliament . 
   then , only if they both agree on a measure does it get passed , and if they do n't agree it just goes back and forth until they do agree . 
  that 's pretty much exactly what happens already . 
  agreed , but to take the counterfactual you can look at south american economies like argentina for what happens when you simply have deficits and tax evasion as an inherent part of your system . 
  it 's not viable long term and it 's very well saying `` control over monetary policy '' but it was n't monetary policy it was uncosted spending and political patronage . 
  there 's blame all around but saying it was because `` le evil eu '' is n't correct when populists cry crocodile tears about greece . 
  ukip are still only 10-15 % of the vote even at its peak . 
  not to mention thatt hered be more representation of liberal and left wing parties outside of labour . 
  even more importantly theyd have to be looking at the country as a whole to win the max of votes not just focus on london + south east + swing areas and neglect safe seats which is what led to all tne disaffected people in poorer cities that were destroyed by the conservatives in the 80s . 
  the fact that vast swathes of the country would elect a donkey in the right coloured rosette due to vote splitting led to laziness, 
  my point is that greece has been used for crocodile tears by people acting like this wasnt a greek level structural problem that had been going on for decades before the eu . 
  they wouldnt have even got near those funds if they hadnt been a part of the eu it wouldnt be debt it would be a humanitarian disaster eventually . 
  meanwhile the same chauvinistic right wingers now going `` boohoo greece those eu monsters '' were the same ones loudly shouting about not giving money to `` lazy greeks '' when that crisis came to a head . 
  and what do you think would happen if greece was outside the eu ? 
  sure you can inflate away debt for a while but at some point the structural problems of high deficits and poor tax collection will get you . 
   i finland being shunned , because they 're trying out universal basic income that hurts the market competitivesness , where 's this happening ? 
  never heard of it that personally and does n't match any rules know of . 
  eea membership or something similar has been on the table since day one ( hell the offer on the table for remaining was pretty close . 
  but the british need to accept the conditions of the single market aka freedom of movement . 
  farage and others who are more anti-eu than pro-britain call it watering down brexit . 
   it 's the only thing that makes sense to me as to why a bunch of rich people would back brexit . 
  this whole thing is old money on leave and new money on remain if you look at the big funders and political backers . 
  but remember leave is totes a working class movement and definitely not heavily funded by mysterious money coming from american conservatives and various other ne'erdowells and it definitely is n't fronted by aristocratic trustafarians . 
  everyone should watch brass eye and the day today . 
  and yet they pushed the position that wed be in the same position as before surely your perspective as a free trade brexiter youd be ok with us in an eea deal but able to make our own trade deals and our own economic path ? 
  as u know now leaving the eu doesnt mean we can degrade standards and quality control beyond the standards of our largest market ? 
  you may not but as weve spoken before i know youre in favour of total free trade and unilateral trade tarrif removal . 
  which is fair enough ( you actually convinced me of some of the merits myself having read your links ) . 
  however that isnt quite what this whole affair was sold as initially . 
  and personally i believe that we should be matching our actions to what the stated policies of leave at the time were as our ideal outcomes . 
  brexit does n't necessarily mean hard full-retard brexit , it is an active choice by the hard brexiters and the obsessives to throw scotland an ni under the train on their charge for victory and i 'm pleased to see the pushback of reality is starting to happen in some small amount . 
  as said if a hard brexit goes through , if i was scottish i 'd vote to leave too personally but going for a non-retarded brexit and ideally devolving properly ( and not just paying lip service to it then saying fuck off when it actually matters ) is a practical way forward for everyone who is n't an obsessive eu federalist or the obsessive `` fuk da imigrunts '' brexiters . 
  if you put leaving the uk over a good outcome for everyone and if you vote to put everyone in that situation giving your vote to the loonies to achieve this then that 's pretty shameful imo . 
  if i 'm honest you 're as bad as actual brexiters . 
  you want your wet dream over the good of everything else . 
  you handed the rest of the country and scotland over to hard brexiters in the hopes of destroying it enough that people would vote for splitting their country up . 
  for what exactly ? 
  it 's not a bloody football match fuck you and fuck english nationalists . 
  the response was tongue in cheek if you click the link lol . 
  you err , seem to be having trouble with the english there old boy , as said , brexit the movement has been hijacked aka taken control of by ideologues who are willing to jettison scotland and northern ireland purely for the hard brexit of their wet dreams . 
  you 're the one getting defensive saying i 'm accusing all brexit voters of being x when i 'm very clearly not . 
  which seems to be the go-to defense for pointing out obvious facts with brexit that they campaigned on the lovely sounding nhs , single market global trade etc brexit and then when it came down to it it was more about being anti-eu and anti-immigration than being pro-britain , otherwise they 'd be fucking listening to anyone other than their little circlejerk and looking at costs and benefits rationally in the interests of the people who voted believing that this was a vote for more government investment in their area . 
  give it two months and they 'll be screeching at boris and may for `` betraying '' brexit for daring to accept reality and give some concessions even as we leave the eu . 
  as said there 's two goals here , one of peace and one of not using chemical weapons . 
  putting an airbase out of action whenever chemical weapons are used at least incentivises not using chemical weapons which is for the benefit of everyone in the world that we do n't start normalising that . 
  the peace stuff is clearly going to take some work to put it lightly . 
  lmao god no . 
  english born and bred . 
  do n't let anything like reality stop you though . 
  just thought too many nationalist cunts with english flairs were making it embarassing for people like me so changed from british to english . 
  no , you in particular are talking bollocks . 
  says it right here in this documentary [ checkmate ] ( https://youtu.be/rcu7faeeznu?t=1m6s ), 
  yeah ` member when the eu voted for brexit and then let itself get hijacked by english nationalists and the anti-immigration wing of the leave campaign . 
   the choice of the term `` access to the single market '' was not mine . 
  i agree it is unhelpful . 
  then why use it seeing as it means bugger all . 
  the current situation of the uk is not access it is membership . 
  access is not the same as our current situation , and our current situation can not continue without accepting freedom of movement and it 's hard brexiters and obsessives who are more anti-eu than pro-britain who are trying to torpedo it . 
  no it is n't , at all . 
  if it was an island that had never mixed with the outside world you might have had a point , but europe is a part of one huge landmass from asia to africa . 
  where you gon na draw the line ? 
  edit : oh of course he fucking deletes his account when challenged . 
  fucking post-fact morons . 
  yeah you and your bloody paper values . 
  i believe that [ this ] ( https://cdn.instructables.com/fu2/y18r/idm04u7m/fu2y18ridm04u7m.medium.jpg ) is a shoe and there 's always some liberal out of touch metropolitan intellectuals telling me it 's not . 
  i feel that this is a shoe and what right have you to tell me that it is n't ? 
  seriously mate if you just want to say you do n't think black people can be french because of your personal feelings and you want them cracked down on and treated as second class citizens for their skin colour just come out and say it . 
  [ pretty much sums up where im going with this . 
  ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-xp3w1o0scha/uo3zwfytygi/aaaaaaaahpy/ayy41qcuhd0/s1600/corporatewelfare.jpg ) youre either parodying a charicature of republicans or you 're genuinely this clueless . 
  cannae really be arsed if im honest . 
  ur talking about rich people here right ? 
  they just provide the data afaik the actual contract is with drillisch ag who are buying network off o2 3gb data, 
  it 'll be the most competitive rate by country . 
  people still live within their countries aside a few people who move between + tourists . 
   the healthcare is just an issue of `` it 's not my problem '' it inevitably will be when you 're all ` temporarily embarassed millionaires ' . 
  enjoy ,, 
  lol nope . 
  british , moved to germany . 
  it 's like uk with better execution . 
  been in america , fuck that healthcare bollocks and the shitty infrastructure for a laff they fucked that shit up good and proper when they had so much promise .
