  no it doesnt at all , hell ask the average trump loving republican and theyd disagree with that . 
  clinton won amongst white college educated voters by a decent margin , and among all college ed voters by a massive margin . 
   just clinging to the narrative that racist redneck whites won him the election , ignoring that he won with independents and disenchanted democrats he alao won some black and muslim voters over that doesnt mean that they drove him to victory as a core vote . 
  no im asking you to inform yourself . 
  if youre looking at the political world of the us and uk of the last few months and concluding nothing changed then thats your own fault that you can come to a verifiably false conclusion . 
  bleating `` prove it '' at people doesnt change that . 
  good day . 
   inform yourself rather than being spoonfed . 
   inform yourself rather than being spoonfed . 
  this started with me providing info , all you provide is insults . 
  inform yourself rather than being spoonfed . 
  i already showed something has happened . 
  inform yourself rather than being spoonfed . 
   but they were just really frustrated and i do n't think they deserve to be the butt of any jokes . 
  honestly i 'm in a really big dilemma on this . 
  absolutely these votes had many people who were using it as a cry against inequality . 
  but both votes for trump and brexits were votes to fuck around with other peoples lives because you dislike them , whether they be immigrants , city dwellers , ` sjws ' whatever . 
  when this is over and we are n't having this big freakout about immigrants driving everything is it really incumbent on people who do n't agree with this to both turn the other cheek and to not make any jokes about it ? 
  i swing through waves of pitying them and hating them but i 'm still not sure why i have to stop taking the piss out of silly ideas and the consequences of them . 
  especially when many of those people voted for the inequality that put them in this situation and then blamed others for it . 
  bernie sanders is still pro american and represents a working class type of left wing politics that doesnt need to sink to embracing racists . 
  corbyn is an islington elitist socialist talking about islington lefty issues . 
  i get why you see some similarity but how they relate to non politics wonks is completely different as is how they work as a team within their party . 
  youve already had your point dispelled that nothing has happened . 
  youre wrong . 
  go inform yourself . 
  thats your own ignorance not reality . 
  go read the news then come back . 
  hell whynot start with northern irelands elections this week and the ramifications of brexit for them . 
  play stupid games win stupid prizes . 
  but at least working in germany my student loans gone down in cost as im paid in euros . 
  see remoaners it was n't stupid after all . 
  you need to keep up with the news methinks, 
   i have no idea what you are talking about . 
  google electoral college reform . 
   i really do not appreciate the shit slinging . 
  no need for that . 
  i was not aware of the slinging of any shit . 
  could n't agree more if i 'm honest , there 's a lot of shady shit mixed in with this but none of that is going to be handled by populists like le-pen they just want to get in on the action while using refugees and muslims as nice scapegoats and punchbags for the audience . 
   though mainly the reason the refugee crisis was handled in a very ineffective and slow manner was the blind ideological sentiments and the idea that european countries could just keep letting people illegally immigrate and get away with it by asking asylum . 
  honestly i really do n't think the `` open borders '' view is as common as people seem to think it is outside of the parts of the far-left that also believe in homeopathy and weed curing everything etc. 
  i certainly know some but i 'd argue if there really is an interest in refugees etc then they 'll be pretty mad now seeing as sweden and germany are stepping up their deportations and processing game . 
  there are arguments for immigration benefiting/not harming an economy but i 've seen nothing from angela merkel or any of the `` eu-establishment '' that genuinely indicates she believes in anarchic open borders apart from misquoting of her that everyone was welcome when she was speaking about syrian refugees . 
  the germans have plenty of eu migrants from countries ( including myself ) with good education systems to fill jobs and grow their economy . 
  what is this gibberish lol ? 
  you seem really triggered by the fact i used post-fact movement , when i 'm describing movements that built themselves on mythology and a delusional view of the world . 
  what do you want me to call it lol ? 
   also , you still appear not to understand what establishment means . 
  why do idiots always try to put some arbitrary barrier on these things ? 
  i 'm not the one who said facts are establishment lol . 
  i 'm just some bored programmer waiting for a database to load while someone rants at me on the internet about how my not buying a load of verifiable bullshit is somehow supporting `` the establishment '', 
  if you 've really looked at the uk since brexit and not noticed any change in the political trajectory of the uk then there 's no point me spoon-feeding you the news . 
  especially when all you have are insults . 
   also , you are the ones crying about reality , refusing to face up to stark truths stark truth is that britain is n't going to get a special trade deal to save brexiters from embarassment , our conservative government is not going to suddenly turn keynesian and deal with massive inequality in the country and nor we will be able to sustain our position on the world selling union jack tea cosies and eating `` sovereignty '' no matter how much trump acts as a sugar daddy for us for ( at best ) 8 years - if he has any money left after pissing it all away on his ineffective wall and massive re-arnament . 
  or he just get 's impeached when the gop get 's sick of him being a massive embarassment . 
  that 's your stark truth there . 
  forget the shittiness of the ideas conceptually , in terms of execution these movements leaders are simply incompetent and i rather do laugh at `` non-elites '' banging on about everyone else being stupid and how smart they are getting into power and saying `` they called us stupid , and now we 're in charge '' before tripping over themselves smashing a cupboard full of china over and unleashing previously unfathomable tidal waves of dumbfuckery because they had the big talk but none of the information . 
   establishment has a monopoly on facts . 
  i 'm not sure what to say here , anyone using facts is now `` establishment '' or is anti-establishment now defined as rich , conservative businessesmen controlling governments in their own interests ? 
   arrest them , put them in camps till they have their applications processed . 
  i 'd agree it 's a good policy , so why do we need all the other baggage about banning religions and rolling back the clock in policy terms ? 
  nothing to stop a normal government carrying out a similar policy in a slightly more humane context without the big `` stopping da muslims '' gesture politics playing up to racists and delusionals on the fringes, 
  yep there we go `` drawing on well known publically reported information to make a point is ` condescending ' . 
  and reality is only determined by what the trump bubble says is real and not real . '', 
  it 's getting pretty old now . 
  i sound like i 'm slagging off brexit i guess a bit but if you remove brexiters and the angry hateful post-fact morons from the equation then i personally think brexit 's silly but not in and of itself harmful ( it 's actually quite a quirky piece of stereotype britishness ) , it 's the movements backers , the post-fact politics and the people who latched onto brexit that have made it so toxic and irrational . 
  as you say i do n't think the actual reality even if it 's full economic disaster will be that much different than what people had during the crash in 2008 . 
  it 's the politics that came with it that are the problem . 
  if it was just `` we 're leaving the political project but want to be part of the economic stuff '' i 'd have actually voted for it but it 's all of this baggage of identity politics , american style culture wars , islamophobia , post-fact politics , a nasty brand of english-nationalism and empire delusions that are present in the proper brexit movement ( not just the people who voted for more money for the nhs or as a protest vote ) that makes me hate it so strongly . 
  wanting hard brexit and brinksmanship in negotiations etc is now purely a statement of being against modern britain rather than any sort of rational position based on costs and benefits . 
  well both have dropped all of their `` masquerading as progressive '' policies like a heap of shit . 
  in the case of brexit literally within hours on more money for the nhs . 
  - what policies are left have either been shit-shows ( e.g the muslim `` totez not a ban '' chaos ) or they rely on others acting in a completely mad way ( ` mexico will pay for the wall ' , ` the eu will just cave and give us a deal because we 're special ' ) . 
  the accompanying farcial behaviour and incompetence by the actual leaders has led to market instability and very little of the real good economic policy that was promised and clinging to the dregs of last periods of economic growth and acting as if that 's sustainable with shit policies . 
  the stock market may well like lowered tax , but that 's about as close as it gets to real good economic policy and even that 's not exactly long-term viable or going to create jobs necessarily . 
  and anyone who points any of this out is n't `` giving an opinion '' nor are they actually rebutted with any positive arguments they are branded `` opposed to the will of the people '' . 
  and apparently should just shut up about massive incompetence because `` you need to give it a chance '' . 
  just like when a surgeon comes into an operating theatre talking about `` shakras '' and off his tits on pcp you should `` give them a chance '' and not point out the fact they do n't know what they 're talking about and off their tits . 
  do you actually disagree with it ? 
  post election data shows both brexit movement and trump to be both dominated by low-info , low-education non-cosmopolitan voters and the us disenfranchisement of democrat voters is a stated intention of republicans and a well-observable sensation in the us . 
  except that 's a really dumb way of looking at it . 
  when you divide the number of voters versus the number of electoral college votes that represent them then voters in california are the most-underrepresented in the us . 
  [ source + insight ] ( https://wallethub.com/edu/how-much-is-your-vote-worth/7932/ )  maryland is actually the most heavily gerrymandered state in the union and is dominated by democrats . 
  so why the opposition to voting reform from post-fact republicans then ? 
  surely a fair voting system is in everyones interests ? 
  just trying to justify actively doing shitty things by coming out with spurious `` well they do it '' is a rubbish argument . 
  i thought the guy was joking lol , apparently people are actually buying this breitbart distraction line . 
  someones not been watching the news , how long do you think it 's going to be before conclusive proof of russian influence of foreign policy through trump comes out ? 
  if you do n't count it already . 
  lol bloody hell you were serious . 
  which kind of proves the point , france does n't run on a system where low info rural votes in gerrymandered states with heavy voter suppression are worth more than anyone elses . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's a joke . 
  meh i 'm still waiting for when trump proves pizza gate was real and obama actually was kenyan first before he drops the evidence for this wiretapping thing lol . 
  not sure i can handle that much excitement in one day . 
  the bit that irritates me is that when someone comes along from the actual left genuinely proposing welfare reforms and political reforms than they 're now going to get shouted down as a populist by the same people who supported trump and the money behind him . 
   yeah because this refugee crisis was handled so well by the current governments , right ? 
  depends on your definition of handled well . 
  but making improvements based on reality is far better than electing people saying they 're going to do either impossible or morally horrific shit while also undermining democracy for the future and dividing the country is n't exactly a worthwhile trade off just to deal with refugees in rational terms . 
  dealing with refugee crisis competently and rationally = / = creating religious pre-crimes . 
  especially when the person/movement is fundamentally anti-democratic and can not participate in a democratic debate civilly .
