  its considered rather plebbish to speak strongly accented german . 
  as i found out when apparently when i first was speaking i sounded bavarian trying to speak normal '', 
  whats the joke with estonia and scandinavia ? 
  its a baltic country with a finnish/slavic language set . 
  is this just a reddit or r/europe thing ? 
  this is abused much like the distinction between jews and israeli foreign policy . 
  i do n't think anyone really has a problem with russia in itself compared to putins policy and it 's affect on everyone else . 
  much the same criticising israeli occupation and foreign policy does n't an anti-semite one make . 
  the level required is a c in gcse english ( exams you take when 16 ) which is a pretty low general level anyway . 
  add into that and it seems to be focused on public-facing roles and it seems both quite sensible and also quite surprising this requirement was n't already there . 
  i always find it surprising when governments do actually have english translations of legal documents . 
  as the law is so precise in wording it seems like a legal minefield just waiting for one slightly mis-translated word to cause problems . 
  the worrying part is the fact the state is even bothering in the first place . 
  everyone knows tech literate people are fine . 
  its normal people being denied info thats the problem to me . 
  op is shilling for big romania . 
  / s yeah its a nice enough place . 
  whered u get that ? 
  closest ive got is sternburg at 80cents and the weizen beer they sell in lidl in plastic bottles at 4 or so for 6 inc pfand ( granted pretty close ), 
  sam adams lager id say is pretty acceptable . 
  i think obamas done remarkably well actually in the face of a recalcitrant house . 
  reagan on the other hand used a completely submissive house to start wars and destroy unions when he could 've done anything else . 
  obamas managed to move the opposite way despite a completely blinkered house . 
  besides all that the award isnt actually for past actions its a far more complicated set of criteria that you clearly havent read . 
   you just do n't like the way in which they did it , but that 's not exactly terribly relevant . 
  well id argue it is pretty relevant a ) because of the means b ) because it created war , which most people tend to think of as the opposite of peace ... it didnt just create war but his support of these regimes has still fractured society to this day from stolen children to people thrown out of planes for being trade union members . 
  obama at least stood up to israel for one or two issues rather than putting ideological purity over pragmatism . 
  wow cutting wit there `` i know you are i said you are but what am i '' ... ok screw it i 'll bite lets take reagan for instance whoopdeedoo end of cold war ( or at least he was in power when the soviet union finished its collapse process ongoing since the 70s ) . 
  outside of right wing historical revisionism meanwhile if you google cobra the man created and supported regimes in south america so brutal towards people that i dont think they were matched until isis today and isis dont deal with anywhere the near the same numbers . 
  lets not forget margaret thatchers good friend general pinochet and her attempts to get him out of being punished by chilean people for war crimes . 
  radical chicago economics was one of the worst blights on society in history and every south american drug death is a legacy of it . 
  every person starving in greece right now is a legacy of shock treatment economics and banking deregulation . 
  im sorry but if you assess reagan and thatcher they would probably be taken to the hague more likely than stockholm . 
  i mean if you ( as i suspect you are ) changimg the definition of peace to `` making their friends rich and making the world a better place for money than people '' perhaps you have a point . 
  like i say you can call it left wing bias or the fact that american think tank funded politicians have contributed about as much to humanities advancement and peace as isis . 
  im sorry but thats just a combination of wistful thinking and bad history rewriting . 
  well unfortunately this is probably one of those occasions of reality having a bias then . 
  not sure how many self declared right wing politicians i can name who ever did anything for peace . 
  that 's a seperate argument about how the criteria are judged against making large efforts for it or post-hoc awards . 
  the statement is still amusingly moronic . 
  nobel awards correlate far stronger with research prowess and tertiary education . 
  once you get to that level its not really about education as much as it is about research funding , publications , audience of said publications and a huge number of other figures . 
  it 's not really like a game of the sims or something where if you level up enough you automatically win the prize . 
  oh please give over with the culture war thing . 
  whoever invented chicken kebabs needs to be given a nobel for services to humanity or something . 
  peace and literature are worthless how exactly ? 
  bloody le ' stem master-race, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_australia duh, 
  iraq really killed the whole lot . 
  if it had stayed in afghanistan people were mostly ok with it . 
  it was only iraq that got millions out on the streets and people pointing out what an obvious lie it was . 
  even if people claim now `` oh yeah we 're just pretending to have opposed '' the amount of opposition was remarkable for a war compared to others and it stopped any sensible debate on peacekeeping or intervention in syria thats led to the problem stacking up for us in calais . 
  iraq has hugely changed how we talk about conflict in the uk and it 's a shorthand word for stopping any talk about interventionist policy for better or worse . 
  i moved to berlin where rent and tenants rights have always been strong compared to home in the uk and recently introduced rent controls and shockingly the sky hasnt fallen down . 
  i agree cost of living is fantastic outside the uk and im almost stuck as the idea lf renting a huge flat in a great area by myself and still having enough to not just live on but enjoy life on is impossible . 
  i did exactly what you said and i agree really strongly that people should move for better conditions and work . 
  however i understand that im educated and dont have kids/dependants , and not everyone can do what i did . 
  i also see it as a market failure that its cheaper to buy a property and discount the mortage as a business expense than it is to be a real owner occupier . 
  rentier behaviour should never be rewarded excessively more than use of proerty as a personal living requirement . 
  another problem worth noting is while i agree cost of living is great in central eastern europe against pay for tech work . 
  there is still a problem for me ( as an example ) that my real adjusted income against tbe uk converted to pounds is lower . 
  so too much of that and it is both a barrier in that id then struggle to move back to a more expensive country + its a psychological barrier . 
  its an interesting thought but i think we can find more recent causes of a lot of germanies relative decentralisation . 
  not an expert but the spreading out of industries , ( often locations inherited from nazi central planning e.g wolfsburg ) and the seperation of the country/businesses fleeing the soviets at the end of the war . 
  meaning that berlin is just a political capital as opposed to a financial business and political capital as in london . 
  actually one of the guys answers was interesting and gave me a thought as a hypothetical that if the political capital moved every ten twenty years or so to other cities ( realistically maybe just practical government departments ) then a lot of the development and companies that grow up around it would be spread round the country and create a jumpstart to local development . 
   if people are unable to pay their rent they should move out to cheaper cities . 
  ah yes the classic answer of the person who doesnt need to work for a living . 
  like most mums basement internet lib-tards . 
  much of the reason for flat demand is due to work being there . 
  not exactly a huge amount of entertainment/tech / * specialist industry * work in hickton-on-nowhere . 
  im sure there are some just like ukip in the uk who putin is talking to and manipulating . 
  but im talking about organic support from people who hate the democratic west wholesale . 
  i also cant name every single group participating . 
  also cdu are at best centre right . 
  thats a huge exaggeration . 
  theres often a stall out the front of the bundestag in berlin . 
  trying to rephrase any defence against russian invasions as `` attacking russia '' and that russia is modern peaceful etc , leaving aside the fact if you put up a similar stall out the front of the kremlin youd be mysteriously found dead in a ditch a week later . 
  but yes theyre definitely here in germany often mixed in with die linke who doesnt realise russia isnt communist anymore , and various other pacifist groups etx . 
  oh man as an english person who lives in germany and watches news i cant handle it at all translating while hearing my native tongue . 
  or the opposite way round it just short circuits my head and i dont get anything . 
  not a sky news reporter . 
  freelance, 
  having been on military exercises there . 
  i think the brecon beacons in march was the place where my love of the outdoors died . 
  but yeah the sheep are pretty funny just pottering about . 
  the brecon beacons make siberia look like barbados i can understand that :p, 
  i live in germany berlin now . 
  seems good . 
  i got sick of living in the uk and went to a place that treats working young people better and id expect likewise for others . 
  at the end of the day we 're the ones paying taxes so id hope more people are willing to move to get a better deal in life . 
  you 're the one making the statement that germany discriminates on religious ground . 
  burden of proofs on you . 
  every other source says ( unsurprisingly ) that they are allocated loosely based on community affiliation as groups and sent . 
  that 's the closest thing i can find that they allocate families village groups etc together which is pretty standard practice generally . 
  http://www.resettlement.eu/country/germany#resettlement-in-practice there is no conspiracy and in the nicest way possible there are huge amounts of conspiracies flying around syria and the middle east constantly from everyone . 
  right so we have your friend against all evidence to the contrary from refugees being moved into nrw last week to the distribution of refugees round the country . 
  your friend is wrong/deluded . 
  ermehgerd ur literally oppressing men with reverse racism by saying people are banging on about sjw 's without having a clue what they 're talking about . 
  fortunately they 're so retarded and basement confined it does n't extend outside the reddit echo chamber .
