  that inexperienced and naive youth in immigrant cities are the ones overwhelmingly subsidising brexit voters pensions and their * totally not naive * delusions of grandeur and it 'll be them picking up the pieces as well . 
  britain to the rescue of europe again . 
  no need to thank us guys . 
  you 're talking in future tense . 
  brexit realists already are traitors . 
  gurantee that when this fails and turns into a shit-show the tax evading owners of the tabloids are going to push the narrative of how the eu stitched the uk up and stoke up grievances against the eu countries . 
  and all our low info voters will forget how it was ` inevitable ' that the eu would give the uk a special amazing deal because they needed us or something . 
  because it 's bullshit is why . 
  brexiters are just grasping at straws now that stuff like daniel hannan calling for an efta type deal somehow do n't real . 
  i voted remain but i would 've voted for a soft brexit if it 'd been on the paper and not been a political stamping exercise that was obviously about to get hijacked by the hard right . 
  genuinely think the uk should 've never been in the political project from day one and in the eea or something similar . 
  we have our own foreign policy objectives and our own military we should 've been in single market , worked closely with people on intitatives kept freedom of movement but not been a part of the greater integration project . 
  the advantages for the uk of pooling sovereignty are n't the same as they are for the netherlands or belgium etc. 
  look just stop asking bloody questions ok jeremy corbyn is a terrorist sympathiser, 
  she 's being hounded by the press and her every movement and sentence said made fun of by the press from whatever angle possible they can find . 
  thing is that what she 's experiencing is about 1/100th of what a usual hate figure like corbyn or diane abbott or whoever experiences so it 's kind of hard to have sympathy . 
  she 's still getting an easy time of it . 
  ` come on guys lets start a right wing populism wave !, 
  who 's with me !? ', 
  i never went . 
  it was always on my to do list to go for sunday roast and i never did . 
  some say its the regrets u live with that are the hardest . 
  you 'll be up against some pretty stiff competition in berlin seriously . 
  but there did used to be a place called ` god save brit food ' that shut down that served steak and ale pie and a decent sunday roast and a fry up . 
  go for that niche we 've only got ` das gift ' at the moment and that just serves haggis . 
  seriously ? 
  as a different brit that seemed like the most intuitive part of german to me as it 's used kind of like a place holder . 
  most germans i know are impressed by flowery genitiv useage . 
  this one was too . 
  it 's about 2000-3000 people . 
  any brain drain or whatever people are expecting would n't be obvious for a while yet it 's not even been a year since brexit ( although anecdotally as someone who 's been around a couple of years there 's really been a massive uptick in people asking me for advice even if it 's just the usual dumb ` do i need german ' questions ) and you need to be resident for 8 years to qualify . 
  we get what we vote for . 
  look up asylum vs immigration . 
  you are conflating two different systems and issues with them . 
  be informed then you can try to be patronising otherwise you just come off as a prat . 
   greece has no issue currently because of the agreement with turkey , italy is the problem . 
  and syrians are not going to italy . 
  they 're all over the place i 'm not sure how you can be so specific though it 's true most of the people coming from africa are the ones going through italy . 
  but there are several routes all specialised by different people . 
   until you 're processed , if you 're a single male , you stay in the camp . 
  seems a bit unfair that there 's a presumption of guilt for men does n't it ? 
  you 'd be ok with that being in the same situation ? 
  i 'd prefer really coming down like a ton of bricks on the ones who commit crimes because they screw it for the vast majority who do n't act like hooligans creating preudices . 
  to quote the doc  ( violation of international law )  ( concrete endangerment of the foreign national )  or impossible ( for technical reasons of enforcement ) . 
   the cantonal authorities may grant provisionally admitted foreign nationals work permits for gainful employment irrespective of the situation on the labour market and in the economy in general . 
  i 'd rather people get a job and cost less as well . 
   think what you want but closed asylum centers would mean an immediate drop in people incoming because the thinking that they have a change to get to germany will evaporate . 
  well just closing it is n't going to do shit other than fuck greece over and then we 're actually fucked if they go under . 
  personally i 'd hope they move forward with processing more applications outside of the eu and then you can start stopping boats because they 're not just going to come back the next day . 
   i have no interest in showing some position about migration since i am not a politician . 
  well this is kind of the problem , everyones got big talk about ` we should stop the migrants ' but then no-one seems to have anything to say other than ` shut the borders ' which is a plan that lasts about as long as 5 seconds and does n't stop them anyway it 's a band-aid . 
  actually stopping migrants would be dealing with the shitholes they 're coming from and the war in syria and many injustices and shit governments they 're fleeing from but that 's a lot of work . 
  how can you even see with those blinders on ? 
  only one party has starved people , proposed torynet and full surveillance and is in coalition with religious extremists and terrorists at the moment . 
   hey get processed but still there is no choosing , yes there is , there asylum applications which are considered or rejected based on if the person actually has a case for asylum . 
  worth noting but this is an entirely different system to ` immigration ' this system is n't about ` picking the good ones '  repatriations are hard , nigeria is uncollaborative which is what they need to work on . 
  but just chucking people in the sea is n't worth it just to give a boner to the right wing . 
   muh human rights mean that they are free to jump on a train and disappear at any time while they 're being processed . 
  i know that lots of distortions get spouted here so much that people start to think its true in this circlejerk but this simply is n't true . 
  making a big show of virtue signalling you 're against migrants is n't the same as actually dealing with the issues in a rational manner . 
  [ quick primer on the overall topic and why stuff happens the way it does ] ( https://www.opensocietyfoundations.org/explainers/understanding-migration-and-asylum-european-union ), 
  this is irrelevant though . 
  the problem is they come illegally and then do n't get picked up and processed well enough because it was n't a priority issue before . 
  that requires better enforcement of the rules and deportations , processing of claims , and work at upstream sources of immigration ( e.g syrian war ) . 
  gesture politics and virtue signalling how tough you 're going to be on immigrants does bugger all to actually solve anything aside from act as bread and circuses for low-info people . 
  tl : dr [ calls everyone idiots , wrongly assumes someone is left wing for not buying into completely simplified versions of the world . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dunning%e2%80%93kruger_effect ), 
  yeah you realise spamming the same incoherent ` sahara people ' crap does n't somehow correct for a complete lack of perspective or knowledge right ? 
  so what 's the problem then ? 
  seeing as overwhelmingly in the uk that 's where they came from with commonwealth migration etc. 
  i mean i 'd be really shocked if people trying to justify race based policies on the internet are n't completely ignorant on why stuff happens but i do n't see why you 're bringing up people trekking through deserts when most nigerians in the uk flew here in the 60s or so . 
  what does that actually mean though ? 
  who takes ` anyone off the boat ' ? 
  it 's just meaningless platitudes , everyone would like to ` pick the best candidates ' but it 's still a lottery . 
  this honestly just sounds like you have some cartoon imagination of how immigration systems work . 
  because we only have press scrutiny and challenge of politicians when they 're talking about things tax evaders dont like . 
  if you 're under 30 or so you 've pretty much spent your whole life getting kicked in the nuts by the conservatives at every stage . 
  i 'm hoping they 're done forever when they 're out and there 's a proper electoral system . 
  sorry is there something out there stopping you fucking a dutch girl ? 
  and would you be having the same freakout if i as a white english guy got a dutch girl pregnant ? 
  ( which nearly happened once thanks to an a lot of alcohol and an accident lol ), 
  watch those goalposts move . 
  ` nigerian immigration is bad bringing in uneducated migrants ' , ` ok well maybe you have some evidence that they 're good performers in school and in well paid jobs but they 're the elite ones so they do n't count ' ' yes you may have evidence of the same thing with others but its different with indians ' ` yes but if you cherry pick the ** bad ** ones it doesnt look so good does it : o ' . 
  post-fact morons, 
  i 'm sure that 'll be great for the many citizens and long-term residents who 'll be on the receiving end of her bollocks . 
  i mean you 're going a lot deeper than me . 
  i was purely referring to the breakdown of the government in ni which now needs the uk government to mediate any talks . 
  and how does one act as a neutral mediator while being propped up by ` the filthy prods ' so to speak . 
  it 's a shitshow waiting to happen . 
  jeremy corbyn talks to bloody nice chap who my dear grandfather supported , decent bloke , no complaints here . 
  having been on exchange in the us i remember a plastic paddy talking to me about ` up the ` ra ' and getting and getting laughed at by myself and irish friends . 
  they 're adorable . 
  they pretty much are in religious terms and likely share a similar lineage . 
  bigger problem is the shipping costs from argentina . 
  they make fuck all difference outside of a symbolic majority and may has now torpedoed herself and the tories in her desperation to cling to power as she 's turned into a joke . 
  she scrapes over the line but it only takes 2-3 mps from either the tories or dup to rebel if sinn fein dont destroy this deal first over neutrality in the ni governmental crisis . 
  come september when parliament is back in session shit will go down moment she proposes anything even vaguely controversial and plenty of tories hate this manifesto . 
  even if she three line whips every single vote eventually it 'll come apart , especially as everyone is combing through who the dup are now propping up the tories them having been an irrelevancy before . 
  the contradictions here are killing them . 
  my hope is may is in office as long as possible before they can get someone who can cover up the nastiness with a nice smile like cameron because they are heading for an absolute spanking at the moment .
