  e.g a lot of people voted brexit not expecting it to make a difference and said as such . 
  there are huge amounts of vote spoilage in the uk from pretty much everyone in the uk who does n't vote conservative or ukip . 
  even more problematic is safe labour seats where they did fuck all for their constituents for 20 years + creating the underfunded and underdeveloped deprivation that created the conditions that caused brexit . 
  the political system should be changing with the preferences of people that is a good thing . 
  d ) i do n't care about who wins i care about the system not being farcical . 
  if your outcome of a tory ukip coalition is genuinely the will of the country ( we already prety much are living under one anyway ) then it should be that way . 
  if ukip were actually represented fairly then they should have a say . 
  rather than what actually happened and we had this huge build-up of people not being represented for years because their seats did n't matter . 
  as said though it is taking the current system and assuming people behave the same as under a different system . 
  i do not care about who wins i care about it being fair and representing britsh people . 
  if you have n't learned anything from the last year it 's that what russian media says tends to find it 's way into breitbart and right-wing blogs and from there get spouted as fact in general debates . 
  misinformation is important now . 
  not necessarily because of you but because of the stupid/not-informed who will take anything as 100 % true and do not weight different sources . 
  it 's fair enough , but for some reason whenever journalists in russia try to do the same thing they keep turning up dead . 
  the professionals and the system around it for processing applications and arrangements are not quite what i meant here . 
  as mentioned below it 's like this social thing about `` doing refugee stuff '' for people who are often not professionals and just very enthusiastic and doing `` cakes for refugees '' and all this kind of very whimsical stuff . 
  well right now , everyone in the conservative party having a stroke seeing as we have a one party system . 
  under normal conditions then a coalition where the smaller party makes it a condition of them making power . 
  the lib dems made a mistake making it a referendum on av ( a not particularly good system ) as they 'd just been forced by their coalition agreement into voting to raise tuition fees at university . 
  so many people made it a referendum on the lib dems and their leader ( nick clegg ) rather than thinking long term , and now they spend all their time bleating that the system does n't represent them . 
  not to mention they made a mistake trusting the conservative party to argue a referendum honestly when it was an existential threat to their establishment racket with labour . 
  but yes if our system was reformed then we 'd have ukip , greens , lib dems and way more grassroots parties having their voices heard , not to mention our last coalition government was actually pretty ok in terms of not going full retard in either direction with some blips . 
  as well as scotland also being more representative of people who do not support scottish nationalism . 
  if you think unsourced `` nope that dont real '' to every fact given is valuable then trying to ban anyone who disagrees is valuable then fair enough . 
  i think the big confusion said the problem is that `` free trade brexit '' and a unilateral taking down of british tarrifs is very far from being on the table in the current political situ . 
  but he 's still arguing as if that is what is about to happen when people are trying to talking about what is actually happening . 
  with similar tactics and alternative-facts based campaigning to the eu referendum [ like this ] ( http://nicktyrone.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/av-baby.png ) . 
  if im honest i think that was the point when i thought that politically we went off the rails into the delusional politics that created the conditions that allowed brexit ( the same people ran the campaign that came up with the 350m claim as well interestingly ) , hence why `` anti-establishment '' is pretty laughable . 
  cameron represented cameron on that decision . 
  notice no brexiters ever triggered article 50 either as they all fucked off leaving may to do it next month . 
  you are really grasping for straws here . 
  i think because you secretly know in your heart that this is a crap idea so you think semantics and playing victim will somehow cover up the gaping knowledge shaped hole in this farcical argument . 
  go bother other people , tell them that you like eating chlorinated chickens or something and theyre way better than eu regulated produce or something . 
  cameron represented cameron on that decision . 
  notice no brexiters ever triggered article 50 either as they all fucked off leaving may to do it next month . 
  you are really grasping for straws here . 
  i think because you secretly know in your heart that this is a crap idea so you think semantics and playing victim will somehow cover up the gaping knowledge shaped hole in this farcical argument . 
  go bother other people , tell them that you like eating chlorinated chickens or something and theyre way better than eu regulated produce or something . 
  our voting system . 
  pretty much all of our issues flow from this . 
  over ideological governments , concentration of wealth in london , and the fact that most of the countries votes dont count for shit leaving nice safe mps who dont represent anyone . 
  in fairness the bit i find weirdest living in berlin isnt that a large number were taken in ( well see how many stay compared to the . 
  kosovans everyone freaked at before ) . 
  but the weird bit is the amount of people doing `` refugee '' stuff . 
  it almost feels strange as someone who volunteers when its like going to volunteer with refugees specifically and making a big deal of it . 
  it just seems very awkward bless them even if hearts in right place . 
  and the basis of vote leave was an immediate triggerig of article 50 as was stated policy . 
  again youre trying to rewrite history . 
  not to mention the fact that a not correct yet prediction isnt the same as a lie about things you control . 
  youre either foolish or a liar . 
  then you had your eyes and ears shut during the campaign if you missed the tone best summarised with images like [ this ] ( https://grrrgraphics.files.wordpress.com/2016/06/brexit_ben_garrison.jpg?w=640&amp;h=458 ) or [ this ] ( http://news.images.itv.com/image/file/1013702/img.jpg ) argue free trade all you want ( though the political evidence is this isnt going to be a free trade brexit where we unilaterally destroy our own farmers ) but stop trying to act like what happened didnt happen . 
  and if it offends you when people point out your attempts to rewrite history then report away . 
  we havent left yet . 
  as you know . 
  whereas everything else from leave about keepimg single marketshaving nhs etc has evaporated . 
  neither were we ever flooded with muslims and neither is about to join . 
  all of which demonstrably false before during and after the referendum . 
  now stop crying about it if you think me disagreeing with you is me insulting you then report every post i have . 
  in the meantime stop being a berk and then claiming its everyone else doing it . 
  you 're making nonsense claims about everything from how the uk government is going to suddenly invest in wales , to how leave did n't run a campaign built on lies and it was all remains fault , trying to claim that everyones insulting you . 
  and then when it 's called out claiming that you do n't like my tone . 
  you must understand when people disagree with you that is n't some great personal insult that people do n't just nod along when something thatdoes n't fit with reality gets spouted as gospel . 
   the remain side 's behaviour , mate how do you even see a computer screen with those blinders on ? 
  you 're charging around with `` alternative facts '' saying the rest of europe is a shit hole etc. 
  and then when called out you start crying about how everyone is against you . 
  well that was pretty bloody silly . 
  i really do n't know how i 'm meant to treat people like this now . 
  part of me thinks `` well surely they should be reminded of their stupidity till the day they die '' but on the other hand we do n't want to start treating them the way that remainers were treated by leavers with `` you lost get over it '' and various other very unmagnanimous behaviours . 
  it 's fustrating because what is happening is exactly what was said would happen and people are still getting all shocked that they 're getting what they voted for similarly with trump voters and i want to laugh at their stupidity and let them stew in it but i also feel bad for the people who have to suffer it who did n't vote for it . 
  yeah in fairness that is n't a bad thing on its own no . 
  although the problems are a ) the shock to that supply b ) the rest of it . 
  the big worry i have is the government will make farm-work into an `` unpaid apprenticeship '' for people on benefits . 
  he 's one of the brexit ideologues who are still convinced it was a smart idea the rest have just faded away like the people who supported the iraq war . 
  not really , just brexiters who come in slagging everyone off and spouting rubbish like `` no the remain lied no u no u '' etc etc seriously mate get a fekin grip . 
  what i could peace together was that an unjust peace will lead to violence . 
  and violence can be just . 
   the most exciting thing that happened in the last election was ed eating something weird . 
  well ed miliband lost somewhat in part due to that bacon sandwich , and then brexit happened , which arguably gave momentum to trump as `` brexit x20 '' . 
  and now we 're in a situation of americas government going full retard , national security being run by a fascist , trump trying to blow up relationships with everyone , russia emboldened in ukraine and the eu reacting to it by looking closely at socialist candidates and further integration . 
  and you call that boring ? 
  historians will look back at this and regard that as possibly the most consequential sarnie in history i 'd say . 
   any normal country outside the eu has the right to reject low-skilled economic migrants if they 're unable to contribute to the level that is required . 
  as said we are in the eu though and we were part of an agreement between several countries with generally good education systems  where did i say it 's not natural ? 
  i effectively said it 's not a fundamental right . 
  sure it 's mutually beneficial in an economic sense and i 'm not against immigration by any means , but there 's nothing wrong with only wanting the best and brightest from other countries whilst putting a cap on the amount of everyone else who can come . 
  so why would n't we want open borders with the best school systems in the world ? 
  if we wanted the best and brightest evidence suggests we 've rather scuppered it with brexit seeing as we 're already having troubles recruiting university lecturers and academics in research programmes , and student applications have taken a hit . 
  which brings me to my point that just saying `` only take the best and brightest '' is a buzzword . 
  it 's very easy to point at academics etc and say `` they 're bright '' but it 's all of the stuff in the middle levels like programmers , financiers etc where we are putting up barriers for the sake of a minority at the bottom that everyone is freaking out about . 
  visa applications are complicated , expensive and make people vulnerable to the bureaucratic whims of government which donald trump in the us has shown . 
  so why do we need to go back to this system when we have a superior system in place ? 
  i personally would 've slowed down on poorer countries accession , but even that has n't been the earth shattering devastation that the daily mail likes to make out , and romania itself as an example is developing very well as an eu member and likely these types of flows will slow in time . 
   if there 's too much immigration then there 's a strain on public services and it 'll drive wages down ; the second part has been repeatedly debunked , the public services thing is rectifiable by not slashing public services to bone . 
  so again , leaving the eu will not solve this problem . 
   free movement of people is a nice concept in theory but it 's not sustainable in the real world . 
  every other country in the eu would disagree . 
  is it perfect ? 
  absolutely not in addition to not slashing public services i 'd personally have funded the border agency more to deport those who were unemployed after 6 months better and introduced better registration procedures . 
  but as said those things are problems that could 've been rectified at the governmental level . 
   300,000 net immigration every year ( basically the same as creating a new city with the population of birmingham every year ) again you 're mistaking chucking out scary metaphors with actually discussing the issues here .
