  i dont know if it 's like time-limited or something which i 'd assume it would need to be but even if someone has a job for a year or two it means they have far more chance of going to a next job . 
  only downside is it does n't make good headlines and the vap crowd probably freak out at it . 
  my point is that all these over sensitive people on both sides are always going to see bias if theyre looking for it and can conjour it for themselves at will even from normal english useage as is happening here . 
   if survived loads the story so heavily it should be avoided why ? 
  anytime anyone dies the people remaining are survivors . 
  it 's not like a dog in the group died it 's a person they were travelling with . 
  i just find it weird that people are demanding the bbc suspend normal english language rules just because the story is about immigrants . 
  if i 'm honest any other word and i think it would sound de-humanising which is against general editorial guidelines in most media outlets . 
   by the way they really feared for their lives . 
  also i do n't need evidence to support the word `` potential '' . 
  i need that for `` proven '' . 
  well there 's nothing in the facts given in the bbc article says anything to suggest they feared for their lives . 
  now it 's been updated they state the shot was fired resisting arrest . 
   also i do n't need evidence to support the word `` potential yes you do when writing a fact based news summary before information comes in . 
  otherwise it just comes off a bit 1984 . 
  technically you could write absolutely anyone as a potential killer just like you could call absolutely anyone a potential child molester when you do n't have any evidence for it . 
  e.g if i say `` london resident and * potential paedophile * steve smith was seen walking outside his house today '' that word is exactly the type of language that you 're claiming `` survivors '' is . 
  except in the case of survivors it actually points to a fact and is the usual useage . 
  while `` potential killers '' is just inserting your assumptions in and becomes a smear without any evidence . 
  how about the normal word that 's always used after fatal incidents ? 
  why does it have to be special and jumping through hoops because immigrants are involved ? 
  well you 've added in the emotive words `` feared for their lives '' ( spin ) and potential killers ( unevidenced assumption ) + others . 
  exactly the thing that everyones scrabbling for by jumping on `` survivors '' . 
  survivors however is the normal english useage as opposed to putting emotion on it . 
  there is n't really a way to avoid using the word while sounding normal . 
  does it ? 
  perhaps the article was edited but the words aggressive , armed and firefight dont even appear in that bbc report as far as i can see . 
  well the word `` surviving '' is correct . 
  `` remaining '' or `` not dead '' just sound 's strange . 
  at the end of the day a person died forgetting all opinions on the matter . 
  the opposite of death is survival . 
  i 'm not gon na jump down the bbc 's throat for not being overly clinical to the point of surrealism , especially not over one word . 
  you 're never going to find an unbiased news source that 's a pretty quick rule there . 
  but reuters are pretty good if a bit `` dry '' . 
  it 's where the news orgs are getting their news from anyway 90 % of the time . 
  i 'd argue it 's as important to read opinionated news anyway as you find out why the two sides of issues disagree . 
  alright robocop calm down there . 
  bulgaria has free movement now i thought ? 
  i remember a big press hysteria about the hordes of bulgarians and romanians coming over last year sponging off welfare or something and then one person turned up and was looking for work . 
  also can we block people from schengen ? 
  we are n't even in it ourselves . 
  i 'm sorry but using the word `` surviving '' is only bias according to one persons opinion . 
  every news source shows bias in some directions occasionally ( especially when it 's subjective opinion ) but the bbc is getting criticised simueltaneously for being pro-immigration and anti-immigration . 
  so they 're probably doing a good job . 
  2600 $ is about 1650-1700 $ or so after taxes/ni etc a year or two ago ( dont know it exactly now ) deduct a few hundred from that for a flat + electricity etc. 
  sp\u00e4ti beers cost 1,50 and bar beers cost 3,50 $ . 
  meal in nice restaurant costs 5-7 $ . 
  monthly ticket costs 80 $ . 
  rough approximation of german living costs there . 
  pretty much all brits actually unless you 're on an actual hourly wage ( what you 're calling a wage i think you mean a salary where it 's a fixed amount each month ) . 
  not a clue why though . 
  that 's enough to live fine as a single person in all but the most expensive places ( e.g thinking munich or hamburg ) . 
  z.b in berlin on a couple hundred more than that as a young single person i 'm pretty comfortably well off in terms of lifestyle . 
  if that 's netto ( doutbful ) then that 's very comfortable . 
  wow that does n't sound like a familiar political situation at all as a british person ... 
  this is the main thing . 
  i live in germany myself and i 'm not exactly a fan of immigration but i 'm not going to get as hysterical as people are getting over this . 
  it 's just silly to claim the amount of crime that people are going on about , as well as to claim everyone is some sort of isis suicide bomber when most are leaving because they do n't want to live under is or get blown up by the government . 
  a lot of this stuff seems to be coming from really bad translations of german articles like the above where they 're talking about some serious questions being asked by the villagers who are part of a wider amount of temporary accomodation ( which makes sense ) . 
  this then get 's turned into `` germany is being cuckolded under muslamic ray guns '' which mixes in with normal scepticism and makes all debate impossible . 
  a lot of people do n't seem to understand the legal point of the part of germanys consitution that gurantees the dignity of all humans . 
  which in this case means you ca n't just assume everyone from x place is y thing and treat them as such . 
  this is called following the rule of law which is a princple we hold in our european culture . 
  they 'll fit in just fine in our society then surely ? 
   the mainstream media is biased against my side . 
  everyone arguing on the internet whenever something inconvenient is printed . 
  then this raises the question of why ukraine would be deploying a strategic sam system against a seperatist force with no air force ? 
   as it did not gain the approval of the un security council guess who vetoed ? 
  as usual when it comes to doing anything about mass murderers who buy a lot of their weapons ? 
  lol you 've clearly not been in a discussion about this on the internet before . 
  prepare to be called a western sheeple . 
  well , yes i 'd say so , we should be advocating for a move to a more civilised society without the death penalty for being raped , call me crazy and all that . 
  we especially should n't be not advocating because we 'd sell a few more tanks to make a few more bae shareholders happy . 
  we 're experts on it . 
  `` anti-uk '' ? 
  christ i never noticed that , at worst it was calling out things that are facts , such as the fact that our foreign office head did very actually say human rights are n't a priority now , and we do very actually go through dodgy dealings to sell arms . 
  that does n't mean i 'm being somehow persecuted because people point out facts . 
  we 're the kings of faustian pacts at the moment and if i 'm honest i hope our government gets their fingers burned more often to learn a lesson . 
  they make it embarassing to be british when we ca n't say we we 're a bed of human rights and law nowadays . 
  if im honest the fact we 're an island meant it was always going to be easier anyway . 
  even if schengen wasnt a thing controlling the border around the whole of germany ( as an example ) from about 5-7 countries was going to be near impossible anyway . 
  uk 's not part of it either not sure what your point is ? 
  obviously i doubt you 'll read it as you 've somehow managed to bring asylum seekers into hipsters in berlin . 
  but the bundesamt themselves put out evidence on what asylum seekers get on their own official website ( in english ) . 
  http://www.bamf.de/en/migration/asylfluechtlinge/asylverfahren/asylbewerberleistungen/asylbewerberleistungen-node.html;jsessionid=a166395528316a098bf3c16c057494fb.1_cid294  pocket money for personal daily needs is not the same as hartz iv ( non-contributory employment benefits ) or work-loss insurance payments ( contributory system ) . 
   then you 're probably not very well informed about the whole situation at the moment . 
  wait what ? 
  you talking about actually sponging off of the german system is somehow making me not think about theoretical examples of people who ca n't actually do it as i 've pointed out above . 
  everyone on this sub reddit is losing their shit about myths on how asylum seekers all get a free castle and a carriage pulled by european people . 
  meanwhile you 're actually proposing it as a real system as one of the `` good honest natives '' . 
  which says it all really . 
  selective blindness is a terrible affliction . 
  you 're the one calling everyone else ignorant while stating made-up facts i 'll let everyone else make their judgement rather than trying to hurl abuse over the internet . 
   you just admitted that turks have not been integrated into the german society . 
  i did ? 
  christ there 's a lot of words in my mouth there . 
  4 percent seems a bit smaller than expected . 
  in addition how is that evidence they arent integrated because half voted for a party `` we '' dont like in the last election ? 
  ive sort of lost the train of thought here if im honest . 
  well actually they 're in europe and we do owe them a legal responsibility under the asylum act .
