  loads of small shops here in germany dont take them anyway a lot of the time and there 's bugger all hope of vending machines taking them , i even had a tramp get annoyed at me for dumping a load of them in his cup ( apparently beggars can be choosers ) they are pretty much useless by pretty much all measures in normal life apart from making up change at the shop , and thats just a quirk of germany being cash obsessed . 
  wait i thought the eu was a protectionist federalised state last week ? 
  i 'm getting confused . 
  either way , that wasnt the question , the question was why do laws and rules for co-operation need arbitration and judicial mechanisms to enforce them . 
  worth noting as well `` vountary mutual cooperation '' is what happens when countries apply to join the eu and agree to follow the rules of the single market . 
  because for anything other than symbolic cooperation there needs to be arbitrational institutions to deal with disputes . 
  if said russian passes the language tests and eligibility requirements to become british , then they are british . 
  you dont then move the goalposts because you dont like russians . 
  doubt its about working hard . 
  i moved to germany because my hard work actually means a decent life and an affordable flat etc. 
  it doesnt mean i dont work hard it just means i actually get something back from it . 
  if the uk was really corrupt ( its not perfect but thats another issue ) and i was over-taxed and the scales were overwhelmingly tipped in favour of cronies of the government i 'd be probably leave as well if i had the skills and/or opportunity to . 
  this meme of `` they should stay home and work on their own country '' is a meaningless statement as you can work as hard as you want but in a poor governance system it wont go anyway . 
  also notable that the people who say this type of thing are nearly always the types of people who do bugger all to `` contribute and build '' the uk but like to lecture how others are lazy . 
  which is the main criticism of brexit from `` remoaners '' . 
  that brexit / kicking out the foreigners whatever does fuck all to solve any of the problems caused by chronic under-investment and just hands over the keys of our fine country to a bunch of authoritarian culture warriors and numpties who believe criticism is treason . 
  as said i 'm giving an analysis based on balanced and weighted inputs . 
  you 're saying its false based on yourself . 
  we can absolutely disagree on what comes out but whats going in in terms of stated political objectives is much harder to dispute when there is media evidence of it . 
  as for me getting over it , i live in germany and i 'm happy to know that this process will continue till 2019 long enough for me to get residency , and that my student loan costs less . 
  for me i have no skin in the game other than my analysis . 
  i like brexit for its quirkiness but the delusional behaviour of many is my problem . 
  doesnt matter what you think . 
  it matters what the policy of the movement and the ideologues was thats been carried out . 
  leaving aside the lols of crying about being stereotyped after `` remoaners '' and `` remainiacs '' is such common currency now . 
  get over it . 
  well as brexiters were constantly saying immigration was overwhelmingly their main issue that had them pushing for full-retard brexit . 
  so it 's a bit hard to escape that conclusion . 
  you dont get to say `` it 's not about immigration '' and then when someone proposes soft-brexit you say `` but we need to stop immigration over everything else soft brexit is watering it down '' . 
  depends on how much people trust trump after seeing the trade deal he gives the uk , trump looks out for trump . 
  i have the feeling that us getting a new trump hotel , tarrif-free access to all the hormone pumped beef we can eat and american cars we can drive will not exactly look amazing . 
  in seriousness it 's already assumed he is doing that . 
  even obama and canada often try to squeeze their way around treating europe as a bloc in the past . 
  in present times a unified eu is an enemy of putins and trump will go along with it . 
  leaving aside matters of degree . 
  ireland isnt run by the conservative party though . 
  nor is it already massively unequal before this policy is put into play . 
  plus the uk is a bigger country . 
  the people in the brexit voting areas that have been neglected for years arent going to get jobs in the tax industry . 
  nothing wrong with nationalism or being proud of ones country , just not the kind that says `` these people are inferior for being jewish/muslim '' . 
  his legacy was cementing us as one of the biggest protectors of that western ideal . 
  to have us fighting against it is embarassing as hell , just as it is to see it cheered on by authoritarians and the kind of people we used to fight against . 
  let me know when they do vote for their sovereignty . 
  thus far it seems , as warned , that we 've voted to be a tax haven and we 're forced into being trumps cock sleeve on whatever terms he wants . 
  you want to take back control ? 
  vote for a party that will put in voting reform in the uk and take control away from the labcon monpoly . 
  this has done fuck all for the british people other than give our country over to a bunch of enoch powell fans over a drawing room squabble between public schoolboys . 
  remoaner traitors dont count as people so technically everyone is unified . 
  suffice to say though aside from the embarrasment my student loan is now easier to pay off and i m pleased to know that brexits timeline is long enough away that i have time to qualify for a permanent residency here in germany . 
  and now i have something to make quirky amusing jokes about forever so brexit 's got some upside . 
  just the bit about having our country driven around by the angry headbangers is n't going to be fun , even if i saw this retardation happening way back in the av referendum . 
  and then andy murray will be gone lol . 
  doubtful , the people who wanted brexit think europe is a shitty basket case piling filthy forrins into our country and trying to bring us into some new nazi empire . 
  and then they turn around and say `` but we 're still friends right ?! '' . 
  they 'll make friends with trump and anyone who 'll back up their `` triggerin da liberals '' crusade before they dare to compromise with anyone else not to mention that `` merkel '' or any european leader or sign of co-operation is a dirty word to the people driving this . 
  it 'll come tumbling down eventually and something more sensible will set in but while we 're being used as the trumps dick sleeve/tax dump any sensible thought is just going to be met with `` lol shut up snowflake '' . 
  well it does actually , are random `` muslim moderate '' families heavily armed ? 
  hell would you take on a village full of isis soldiers with yourself and your wife and kids in tow even in full battle order let alone unarmed ? 
  cut the rambo crap . 
   and i do n't know how you can defend the uk 's draconian speech laws , that 's like someone defending our patriot act . 
  it 's a joke , surely ? 
  i 'm not , i 'm just not going to excoricate the whole of hate speech laws because there are reasons for it and even the us has these laws unless you 're willing to write on twitter that you plan to assasinate the president of the united states or similar . 
   more often than not the `` moderate '' muslims may not be the ones chopping off heads and throwing gays off rooftops but they are standing by and watching . 
  if you have never stood by in the face of a large group of violent people who are heavily armed and then taken them all on then you have fuck all right to judge no matter how much call of duty you may have played . 
   in america we 've had the spouses of terrorists radicalising them and even being accomplices . 
  how do you combat that ? 
  and what are you on about , europe has tons of draconian legislation against `` hate speech '' which is stupidly arbitrary to begin with . 
  americans regularly gasp when we hear some of the shit you guys lock people up for . 
  leaving aside the usual `` europe is n't a country '' refrain , you cant combat thought , you can combat the actions , such as for example calling for murder of groups of people ( something you gasp at apparently ) . 
  that is an action , not a thought and can be proven in a court of law . 
  the right to say `` the jews are the parasites of europe and we should kill them all '' isnt some freedom of speech issue , its a freedom of life issue for other people . 
  cool, 
  leaving aside that you could be father christmas as far as anyone knows - if you learnt everything from your mates in the mob and nothing after or before then that 's probably a good cause for being thick as fuck . 
  who gives a fuck what you think sunshine ? 
  i could be the tooth fairy . 
  i 'm sure you 're reasonable too , but i think when crap statistics get spouted by bad people without actually being analysed then there 's a tendency to take them as gospel , hell i read a lot of alt-right websites to understand things and even i fall for it ocassionally with enough emotice language . 
   70 % of muslims in britain believed it could never be justified , 9 % believed it could be justified rarely , 12 % sometimes , and 3 % thought it could be justified often . 
  that 's not quite the same as your statement is it . 
  and again as a counterpoint , how many people do you think would 've said `` violence against civilians is justfied '' in the prosecution of wars post 9/11 for example ? 
  leaving aside this argument , i really dont care what people think , people should be punished for their actions . 
  we do not think highly of thought crime in civilised countries . 
  and i especially do not think highly of creating a pre-thought-thought-crime of muslims supporting terrorism when 70 % absolutely 100 % dont and the majority of the remainder have a view that could mean anything from `` accepting collateral damage '' to `` fuck it ill strap the bomb on myself '' . 
  that 's going to take a lot more convincing than a mis-used study . 
  there is no deal in favour of us . 
  just a deal that means we get to continue living as we do before and we dont give a shit worst case of worst cases is we revert to visa programmers for non-eu migrants using existing time in country . 
  it 's only the uk thats wanting to get rid of migrants . 
  as said this is a big lie of how british citizens are being held hostage by the eu and how they all started it to distract from our desperate scrabble for bargaining chips . 
  whos fucking anyone over ? 
  we fucked ourselves because of `` le muslims '' , they 're just doing what they said they would before . 
  well i dont know mate , 4 years of service how about you walther mitty ? 
  the eu blocked negotiations , because those are the rules and how one operates as a unified bloc effectively , learn the game first . 
  misinformation is what got us into this mess where people are expecting a load of countries to just shoot themselves in the face to do us a favour and then claiming anything less than that is being spoilt . 
   the uk will indeed use anything and everything to defend its interests . 
  which is in no way embarassing or shameful and will definitely not have long-term consequences for us when it comes time to negotiate . 
  that isnt said anywhere in this link . 
  you 're just hoping people are going to not read it . 
  where is the specific line of `` 30 % support terror '' because that 's already a big climb down from your implication of all of them do . 
  those people suffered and fought against the kind of people brexit is encouraging you shameless scrote . 
  winston churchill would be spinning in his grave watching us cosy up to authoritarians like trump and putin and being manipulated by dictator appeasers like farage and his nazi friends . 
  wait for the howls of outrage in march when having said all this stuff about a favourable trade deal we go into the negotiations and get told `` no fucking way are we screwing ourselves just as a favour for you '' .
