  they should 've just shut up and gotten over it clearly bloody saboteurs . 
  so the systematic lying , undermining of political discourse and stoking of racism is somehow balanced out by one time they reported on a racist murder ? 
  this is like recently where that asylum seeker had their head kicked in and the mail is suddenly all like `` oh where could they have got this idea of refugees as targets for hatred ? '' . 
  the daily mail creates the conditions in which hatred thrives and these racist attacks happen and then the dm profits off of it to sell even more papers . 
  absolutely a free press is important but the daily mail is commercial hatred masquerading as free press . 
  let them publish fine but no-one should be told to shut up for pointing out what they 're doing . 
  little englanders was a word way before brexit was even a word if i 'm honest is interchangeable for the same reactionary attitude that the daily mail reflects for money . 
  as said erdogan supporters are also nationalistic anti-metropolitan reactionaries who do n't like liberal values or democracy when it does n't agree with them . 
  now as said does the paper represent them or not ? 
  i 'll ask the same question as i asked the other apologist . 
  if i criticise the daily mail headline as representative of an authoritarian and anti-democratic attitude amongst it 's readers then i 'm criticising brexit supporters by extension apparently . 
  but at the same time it 's unfair to say the daily mail represents brexit supporters ? 
  so which is it ? 
  so wait if i insult this as authoritarian and reactionary i 'm insulting brexit voters . 
  but the daily mail also is n't representative of brexit voters and it 's all a joke . 
  which is it ? 
  come on keep trying to insult and demean me youre totally winning . 
  cause my job involves working on a computer and im amused at what other ways youre going to try and defend authoritarian uncivil conduct from reactionary media by insulting people who point it out, 
  one was a real headline from the same authoritarian rag youre furiously trying to defend for its aggressive behaviour towards dissenters . 
  the other was you saying random bollocks . 
  `` hurrah for the blackshirts '' lol top bantz m8, 
  `` you sound pretty authoritarian when you say the opposition are traitors and enemies '' `` omg thats literally the same as fascism '' err ... nah . 
  another amazing counter argument of badly trying to insult someone ( also its morning on a weekday some of us work for a living ) . 
  keep going you 're looking smarter by the minute . 
  youre cool with democratic opposition being labelled `` traitors '' by non democratically elected tax evading press barons then . 
  kind of reflects more on you more than anything . 
  all youve got is `` shut up '' how is this different to russia or turkey where everyone disagreeing are also `` traitors '' who need to be silenced ? 
  its fucking disgusting and all you can say is ` stop pointing it out ', 
  thats all youve got in the face of yet more casting of half the country and our democratic instutions as the enemy ? 
  what else you got ? 
  `` we wun get ovr it '' ? 
  as if you needed more evidence that little englanders and erdogan supporters are exactly the same people with the exact same attitudes . 
  its a wonder they hate turkey so much when theyd love the uk to be the same, 
  lol absolute bollocks . 
  example ? 
  [ its war ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3bo6gp9nmy ), 
  you mean canadian glorified ham ? 
  `` and that 's how a misunderstanding lead to a a nuke getting dropped on quebec '', 
  `` we will take military action against poutine , poutine has gone too far '', 
  i 'm being silly and making a joke about a typo with the canadian fast food snack ignore me :p, 
  i 'm not sure if it 's uniquely british ( it was deffo a bit of a meme in the [ us at one point ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgxwbhkdjzm ) ) but yeah it just means to be very sceptical/hostile towards something . 
  yep just watch next time someone points it out in a conversation that brexit campaigned and sold it as `` money for the nhs '' and all this progressive sounding stuff , zero mention of environmental protections being cut and obsessive hard brexits and they 'll say `` oh it was n't a promise '' though or `` look everyone knew it was just a possibility of what we could do '' ( 47 % of brexit voters believed it at the time ) . 
  they 're being fed these lines by right wing columnists and blogs and then they 'll spout them out around here but they know they lied here 's one of their campaign directors talking about it [ here ] ( https://blogs.spectator.co.uk/2017/01/dominic-cummings-brexit-referendum-won/ )  pundits and mps kept saying ` why is n't leave arguing about the economy and living standards ' . 
  they did not realise that for millions of people , # 350m/nhs was about the economy and living standards -- that 's why it was so effective . 
  it was clearly the most effective argument not only with the crucial swing fifth but with almost every demographic . 
  even with ukip voters it was level-pegging with immigration . 
  would we have won without immigration ? 
  would we have won without # 350m/nhs ? 
  all our research and the close result strongly suggests no . 
  would we have won by spending our time talking about trade and the single market ? 
  no way ( see below ) . 
  yeah it 's a weird mix every turk i come across from aforementioned kids parents to the corner shop owner i buy beers from regularly and chat with all seem to hate him but the stats are there that a lot of german turks are into him . 
  so yeah it 's a complex mix rather than turkish people being blind erdogan supporting drones as many people seem to be be assuming . 
  i think only ideologues or people not really interested in perspective would blindly call the guardian a left wing paper because they do n't like it calling out right wing bullshit . 
  it 's a liberal paper in favour of technocratic liberal economics/social democracy and against social conservatism . 
  however as part of that view they come down in favour of stuff like better worker protections and basic incomes that are perfectly compatable with liberalism . 
  but i think they 're very rarely actually writing from a real socialist perspective . 
  e.g jeremy corbyn in the uk is about the limit of how far left they 'll go in terms of editorial support where they 're pretty ambivalent towards him ( to put it lightly ) . 
  their columnists and opinion writers span from centrist conservatives to socialists ( although even nigel farage has written in it ) but in terms of their reporting and editorial outlook they 're coming at it from a liberal internationalist outlook similar to the ft or the times who also do n't have much time for nationalism or protectionism from the left or right . 
   `` i am not a friend of poutine i mean i 'm no fan of chips with cheese either but that seems a bit excessive . 
  indeed . 
  i 'm just laughing at the frantic revisionism where the leave campaign did n't promise basically everything the same as the current situation except we wo n't pay for it and we wo n't have to follow the rules everyone else does . 
  the nhs stuff you can already watch people trying to claim `` oh well that was just banter mate no-one really believed that '' . 
  fools led by scoundrels . 
  probably because people expect it from russia and turkey . 
  to have this type of leader happening in the us is different . 
  not sure how `` whatabouting '' really changes the fact that people broadly are against all illiberal authoritarians on here . 
  depends on the country and the demographics of who emigrated broadly . 
  e.g germanys are more 2nd-3rd generation working class with links to rural areas and are pretty pro-erdogan . 
  uk etc took the more middle class ones and they voted against this . 
  not that it 's fair to make sweeping statements i 'd say i tutor a german turkish girl in english from time to time and her parents and their friends are absolutely devastated by this . 
   talk to the hand does he think hes a strong independent black woman who don ' need no man now ? 
  theres going to be a big campaign of blaming the eu for being `` vindictive '' whenever they dont sabotage themselves in the british interest . 
  this is just the first/second story or so of setting up this narrative the consequences of brexit are everyone elses fault except the people who voted for it . 
  `` europhiles '' you mean everyone who wasnt deluded and entitled enough to think the eu and its countries were going to shoot themselves in the face aa a favour to posturing hard brexiters ? 
  they can only blame themselves . 
  insulated person is insulated lol, 
  because we dont like non-fact based authoritarians ? 
  brexiters and trump voters share the same demographics and attitudes as erdogan supporters of course theyre disliked . 
  we have 30 % of the country with 100 % of power steamrolling everyone else into american conservatism not sure we can laugh . 
  well those arguments ` lose ' on a 1:1 vote basis even with voter suppression excluded so rather a hard conclusion to avoid . 
  bout the same breakdown by demographics urban/rural and political outlooks as well . 
  im sure thisll be fun add in some pretty blatant vote rigging and its all wonderful . 
  so to stop autoritarians youre going to vote for someone else with the same authoritarian attitudes as erdogan and supported by the same types of people who want obediance to their view of how people should live ? 
  how about voting for someone who would actually deal with the issue ? 
  a strong government that does n't represent the majority of the country is a bad thing , in most other contexts we 'd call that authoritarian . 
  why is this being said like it 's a positive that the conservative brexit ideologues are trying to roll over the rest of the country with the full-retard brexit ? 
  meanwhile the feeling of more democracy is only an emotional one for people who do not understand why we were co-operating with other countries and choosing not to exercise sovereignty as party of an agreement . 
   before the tories run out of goodwill and the battleground seats switch to labour . 
  not in corbyns lifetime though . 
  that 's still not a good thing , this is n't a game of football if you wanted to take back control and actually have the whole of the country represented better you 'd have been far better off campaigning on that rather than giving your vote to a load of american conservative wannabees who are trying to tear up environmental regulations and lower their tax . 
  it 's a massive distraction from actually dealing with any of the problems that everyone outside of the daily mail bubble was already talking about before brexit . 
  you seem terrified that people who are n't english conservatives voters get meaningful representation . 
  if you thought that the american style conservative arguments of the tory right would win in a rational debate then you would n't be so scared to give the people on the receiving end in the rest of the uk a choice . 
  as it is we go for one of the most horrendously unrepresentative and static parliamentary systems going . 
  as said if the eu was as bad as our system you 'd have a point , but as it is i have a feeling you 're just scared of the country being run in the interests of everyone and not just tory voters in swing areas . 
  sorta sounds like you mainly like the fact that 30 % of the country can tell the entire rest of the country what to do with no regard for decency or the interests of others . 
  i 'd argue that actually makes you an authoritarian on a level not even possible with the eu . 
  `` yeah but we left u see fuk u snowflakes , omg stop saying stuff like that !, 
  you moaner !,
