  there 's variation of how realistic this is and acceptance that we 'll either pay something or compromise in other ways but that 's the ideal . 
   in all reality it could n't be a worse deal than their membership , because how woud they sell it . 
  i 'm not sure that really matters so much though pleasing everyone . 
  the big priority is immigration at the moment , that 's pretty easy to stop with a hard brexit the problem is at what cost will it come . 
  a lot of people voted brexit because of immigration but that 's about 50 % of leave voters , the other half however voted brexit because they thought that we 'd be improving our trade globally and all this other stuff ( e.g protest voters , people who think it 'll reopen coal mines etc ) . 
  as said they deal with immigration then that 's most leave voters happy , if the economic stuff is good enough then it can be sold as a success still even if the intricate economic stuff gets lost . 
  so it is n't all doom and gloom in terms of selling any brexit deal politically as a victory back home . 
   everything aside the issue is simply this : the deal for the uk can not possibly be equal or better than their membership in the eu . 
  demanding that is demanding the disolution of the eu as you can apparently reap the benefits without the obligations . 
  that 's the brick wall this is going to run into . 
  the ideal of brexiters requires everyone else to shoot themselves in the face when they 're holding the gun of the vote to approve any deal . 
  non-brexiters have been screaming this the whole time but it 's dismissed as wanting to re-run the referendum and being a remoaner etc. 
  the q is on if they ( the governments brexiters ) can sell a crap deal well enough domestically and if people notice the consequences . 
  absolutely there 's a debate over what is paid and when . 
  but as said there is nothing in a50 that says the negotiation has to be conducted for the convenience of the country triggering it . 
  the eu are entitled to be dicks about it and stick to the rules or they can give special dispensation and do both at the same time . 
  it seems that the former route may be a politically viable idea to the countries that make up the eu and thus to the eu guys doing the negotiations ( my opinion ) but a lot of this ill-will is because people like farage ( ok not in government , but still a representative of the brexit movement ) , boris johnson and david davis have spent the time since the vote not building good will diplomatically or planning and informing themselves on negotiation plans but running around doing victory laps about how we 're going to fuck over the eu and get all this free shit . 
  the lack of willingness of the eu to bend the rules and make things convenient is a result of our own diplomacy and a constant drip of dumb statements and attempts to undermine the eu . 
   40 years paying into the european union 's coffers while only getting a fraction of the money back and this has been pretty solidly debunked when you talk about both the worth of the single market , the increasing value because of new increasingly valuable developing markets in eastern europe and a host of other things in addition to making up the shortfall of our own government on regional spending . 
  the problem we have here is that the brexit negotiators hold this assumption when it is patently not true and it 's going to run up against reality in negotiations with the eu . 
  they may well have won the vote by saying that over and over again and inflating and simplifying the amount into `` we get less back than we pay in if we only look at direct sums '' but the reality is n't democratically decided . 
  i do n't like brexit personally ( i personally think an eea deal would 've been the superior of all outcomes ) but there is no inherent reason it has to be about going full retard and going into a negotiation with a strategy based on the assumptions of the tabloid media . 
  this is turning from a silly but survivable idea into pure incompetence by the people negotiating this because they seem to think that because they won the referendum in the uk then that means everyone in europe has to agree with the misinformation they campaigned on . 
  yeah i simplified a fair bit but as said they were well aware in advance that the procedure is the terms of leaving come before trade talks and were just assuming everyone would give special treatment even when it makes zero sense for any of the the eu countries to do so . 
  brexit in my opinion was pretty dumb but not inherently catastrophic ( hell i actually think an eea deal would 've been better for everyone ) , this kind of stuff is pure incompetence by the people in charge of brexit . 
  the bit that 's even funnier for me is that i thought this `` germany needs to sell us cars ! '', 
  thing was just big talk and was n't actually an assumption they were building all their strategies on . 
  apparently they actually believed this was a serious assumption on which to build a game plan on . 
  they have open public records and you can see eu stats showing similar things too . 
  just how high up does this swedish conspiracy go ? 
  and where are the credible sources disagreeing with it that are n't breitbart ? 
  stats and explanation of what those stats are = blah blah blah . 
  let me suggest my own rule that the less refutations of the actual arguments versus the amount of `` well they would say that '' = the more bollocks being talked . 
   if you aim to mediocrity , yes . 
  man these goalposts are moving so quickly it 's remarkable . 
   for the record i am talking about saudi arabia , not necessarily the migrants who recently arrived in europe so why bring up the people who like to throw gays off roofs when talking about random people who live and work in other countries who share an origin with nutters ? 
  wait so germany owns russia today and plants rape stories about refugees and soldiers to discredit russian fake news to undermi ... what the fuck are you on about ? 
  how is paying the bills that we were already commited to pay and playing by the standard set of rules hardline ? 
  as said there is a quite remarkable attempt by our government and press to play off the standard rules as hardline because they know this is going to be a shit-show so they 're getting ready to continue to blame the eu for `` betraying us '' or `` being vindictive '' . 
  the brexiters definition of a fair deal is the eu countries all shooting themselves in the face to accomodate their irrational demands based on a statistically false impression of immigrants destroying the uk and not conservative mismangement and destruction of infrastructure . 
  did n't exactly help them to give years and years of compromises and accomodations to the uk to appease domestic politics so i can see why the appeal to say `` fuck it just treat them as normal '' is there . 
  we 're the ones demanding special treatment to negotiate a free trade deal at the same time as negotiating with the bill we have . 
  what did they spend it on out of curiosity ? 
  is there an article on it ( de or en is fine ) and who was in charge how it was misspent etc ? 
  because honestly that amount of money it 's still quite remarkable how run-down and shit a lot of areas are outside of the tourist areas . 
  all i ever get is `` lol berlin spent all their money bunch of leftie incompetents '' and never find anything about the details and i 'm not so good with the local politics outside of the headlines . 
   berlin managed to misspend all that money in 2005 . 
  but we have a great shiny new airport to show for it though  * breaks down crying *, 
  out of curiosity how did the solidarity tax work for redistribution between west and east de ? 
  did that go to the eastern bundesl\u00e4nder or was it spent by the federal government or what ? 
  i 'll be honest as a german taxpayer ( i work there ) . 
  i 'd really rather take the hit now than the inevitable much bigger hit when greece collapses and requires another bailout and i 'm not playing up to brexiter bullshit of `` the eu is going to collapse '' but that will either collapse the eu or destroy greece , not just economically but a humanitarian disaster levels . 
  the doctrine of the eu dev programmes is creating good consumer markets for other european countries and just screwing greece is n't going to fit with that . 
  ok mistakes were made ( by both sides ) but i think this is n't going to be productive to keep going with this charade and a surplus of this level may feel good emotionally but it is n't productive it would be better spend dealing with this shit now . 
  as said i 'm saying the trump administration with breitbarts policy assumption of muslims ( and mexicans perhaps ) being some sort of drain on society by merits of their background has echoes in what `` untermenschen '' were in nazi doctrine . 
  it 's not about `` disliking '' them it 's about them being a drain and counter productive on society ( e.g they 're all rapists and criminals and/or trying to destroy the vague concept of `` america '' pushing propaganda on breitbart advancing that viewpoint ) . 
   calling someone a fascist/hitler is justifying violence against that someone . 
  is it ? 
  i mean all i was doing was pushing the parallels of this particular aspect , i actually say in another comment that i do n't think this is like hitler at all as trump is far more beholden to the republican party + tea party whereas hitler was the thought leader as well as the symbolic leader . 
  but nonetheless ... who 's justifying violence ? 
  i 'm certainly against anti-fascist tactics ( although only just granted i see their point sometimes when debate is n't going to be productive ) . 
  as said i 'm getting this big freak-out when all i 'm doing is pointing out the similarity of a policy assumption that only leads to bad stuff happening . 
  hell forget hitler look at it in south africa , right wing israeli assumptions about a one state solution , rwanda etc. 
   who is doing this ? 
  if you say trump etc please provide clear examples . 
  [ breitbart run by bannon who is effectively both the brains and mouth of the populist element ( as opposed to the republican small govt element ) trump administration regularly puts out stuff like this was just last week ] ( http://www.breitbart.com/national-security/2017/02/14/indonesian-muslim-students-say-no-valentine/ ) [ again here is `` muslims '' as a homogenous group and not a bunch of extremist nutters being written about as a scary group wanting to destroy the west ] ( http://www.breitbart.com/london/2016/12/14/watch-british-muslims-gather-show-strength-demand-caliphate/ ) [ and yes here 's trumps infamous `` muslim ban '' announcement ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/video/2015/dec/08/donald-trump-calls-for-complete-ban-on-muslims-entering-the-us-video ) these are clear demonstrations of the assumptions from which the trump administration is making policy . 
  and this is just the first two i got from searching `` muslims '' on breitbart . 
  there are pages and pages of these stories . 
  now if this stuff is 100 % scientifically true ... then you follow along with what the logical policy is that they will have to get rid of these people . 
  the nazis only started with trying to force jews to palestine then proceeded from there . 
  that was a logical outcome of `` these people must be removed from society at all costs '' . 
  also worth noting but i 'm not even bothering to mention the comments but that is a clear sign of the effect of pumping this stuff out day in day out . 
  now he 's limited by the constitution ( for the moment ) but the fact that he is railing against judges , playing up to an audience trying to turn them against judges does n't bode well . 
  if he eventually wins then what is he going to do ? 
  just stop ? 
  he ca n't even stop if he wanted to or he loses his base . 
  personally i 'm in the middle on if trump is actually ideologically racist ( unlikely ) or if he 's being pushed to it by people who do believe in this kind of shit ( e.g bannon ) . 
  but whether its for politics or actual racism this assumption clearly forms a key part of their platform . 
  and likewise without `` untermenschen '' nazism is n't really nazism it 's just good old fashioned fascist/authoritarianism . 
  that bit there 's probably some parallels too but that 's far too vague and complicated to discuss . 
  yes i 'm sure they 're all reading the words of someone on the internet making historical parallels with a specific core policy and planning their actions based on that . 
   you left out the coup attempt . 
  the fighting groups in the streets . 
  overall politcal situation . 
  the national crisis that was griping germany at the time ( economic depression and national humiliation ) . 
  and a meriad of other factors . 
  again ... i 'm comparing a specific core policy assumption and the best refutation is `` har har well this was weimar germany and we are n't talking about weimar germany now '' then that 's not exactly great . 
  leaving aside the fact that all of this political instability also came from a large number of people getting completely fucked over as has happened with neo-liberalism . 
   just like us intervention in iraq and afghanistan created terrorists . 
  violence against trump and his supporters will create a violent response . 
  i 'm sorry but pointing out what i see in front of me of a group being marginalised and dehumanised is violence ? 
  but apparently assuming a whole group of people are terrorists/out to destroy america etc is n't ? 
  kind of a double standard is n't it there ? 
   muslim is n't a race though . 
  so the sikh guys in turbans and random indian people who get their heads kicked in are victims of `` enchanced islamic theological criticism '' then ? 
  i 'm well aware muslim is n't a race , but breitbart fans etc are not criticising islam as a theological concept when saying people wearing hijabs should be banned or when people who look middle eastern get harassed . 
   and no , it 's stupid to assume that just because they have overlapping policies , it means they are the same . 
  that is n't my argument though , my argument is the policies overlap . 
  i even said so myself that trump is way more subject to republican small govt bible thumper policy etc. 
  this is the classic thing of taking a nuanced criticism and then trying to claim i 'm saying he 's literally hitler .
