   and on top of that doing nothing but demeaning people you do n't understand for having a different opinion . 
  how simple can i get here ? 
  i do n't respect peoples opinions who believe in something when they ca n't actually back it up in a reasonable way . 
  i 'm willing to talk about class disenfranchisement and working class problems since closure of mines . 
  in fact as someone on the left that 's one of the main things i do talk about it . 
  but the eu has little to fuck all to do with it and i still have n't heard any convincing arguments why the eu has stopped us building social housing , investing in our industries , or investing in education as other countries are perfectly comfortable with doing inside the eu . 
  thus i ca n't respect the argument if it 's made up of platitudes and fuzzy sounding talk . 
  how is leaving the eu going to replace years of hollowed industry or underinvestment by our government ? 
  the only thing i can see is `` immigration goes to 0 , get a couple million quid more in the bank , ??? 
  ? , empire re-rises '' . 
  as said the goals do n't fit the aims and clearly have n't achieved them , so yeah it 's just a laughable argument all round . 
   i do n't think the uk actually needs that specific type of access to survive . 
  they could also negotiate trade deals with the relevant countries , which would n't be as good for the economy but good enough to avoid an apocalypse . 
  besides , the eu members want the uk as a trade partner in the single market given that london is a massive part of the infrastructure of said market . 
  so it is n't a oneway street either way . 
  this is on the contrary ** exactly ** the kind of talk i mean  trade deals with relevant countries issue one , eu is a bloc , no picking and mixing , issue two , what do you mean relevant exactly here ? 
  are we only going to have free trade with germany ? 
  who do we not need to trade with ? 
  are we going to have freedom of movement as a compromise just with germany even if issue one did n't exist ? 
   good enough to avoid an apocalypse only single market entry is good enough to avoid an apocalypse . 
  if not we lose a huge number of european headquarters and large companies that provide 1 in 5 pounds of our tax revenue and huge numbers of jobs . 
  there is no incentive for thes companies to stay in a country where it costs them more to do business . 
  your patchwork of trade deals is a bodge job even if it was viable within a context where the eu negotiates as a bloc . 
   besides , the eu members want the uk as a trade partner in the single market given that london is a massive part of the infrastructure of said market . 
  you 're putting the chicken before the egg there . 
  london is a massive part of it because we had all this financial expertise accumulated , and we had single market access . 
  if we leave it long enough that critical mass of expertise goes . 
  we absolutely are important at the moment and we still can be if this is resolved . 
  but dragging this out eventually companies will move . 
  some quicker than others but it 'll be inevitable . 
   and dismissing my points by claiming that my camp is only yelling `` trade deals ! '', 
  and `` sovrunty '' is an example of the type of behaviour that made remain lose . 
  well sorry it hurt your feelings but at some point this has to be talked about without being decried constantly as fear-mongering . 
  as said and has been asked repeatedly , 1 . 
  what do you want/what are your goals ? 
  exactly not just `` good trade deals '' 2 . 
  what would you be willing to compromise on ? 
  e.g i 'll go first just to demonstrate . 
  i 'd want an eea type norweigan deal with limited protections on freedom of movement to solve benefits tourism problems ( e.g 3 year limits ) . 
  i 'd be willing to pay full whack on single market entry as that is an investment that will return itself . 
  the eu are the ones who will come up with a take it or leave it offer . 
  certainly looks like it 's more of a possibility at the moment than i thought it would be . 
  not a single concrete answer from boris or gove on what we 're actually going to ask for apart from `` everything for nothing '' . 
  and at the moment as expected the eu is already setting out a red line of no compromises on freedom of movement . 
  so he 's going to have to modify his position somewhat . 
  personally i still think an eea agreement is more likely but he 's going to have to backpedal again first . 
  honestly i do n't give a shit about your moralising . 
  the eu has nothing to do with it compared to our government . 
  this is why leave voters are gon na get fucked either way . 
  they are n't going to do anything about the source of their issues . 
   the whole ` those voters are stupid and selfish ' is both arrogant , and entirely blind . 
  it just shows how entirely out of touch the ` remainers ' are to social and economic situation in the uk . 
  i 'm sorry but at some point you have to start calling a spade a spade when a huge sector of the country believes obvious lies and then gets cranky when they 're revealed as such after repeated warnings . 
  they are n't going to get 0 immigration under even the best possible cases and they 're going to throw a riot when they realise this . 
  yeah but mutually beneficient does n't mean we get everything we want 100 % . 
  we need single market access ( like , proper apocalyptically need it ) . 
  the eus member countries need freedom of movement to protect their citizens . 
  and they ca n't just give us some magic deal where they 're subsidising our access to the market without paying fees . 
  that is beneficient only to us . 
  we 'd be able to pull that shit if we were negotiating with india in 1800 , we 're not in that world now though . 
  and no amount of yelling `` trade deals ! '', 
  or `` sovrunty ! '', 
  is going to get rid of that reality . 
  boris is absolutely delusional on getting all single market access at no cost and no compromise and yet again the experts and those taking the decisions are warning it wo n't happen and yet again they 're being labelled fearmongers . 
  patriotism mainly . 
  scotland voting to leave would be similar in effect to the uk voting to leave . 
  although granted their version of things actually has a clear plan . 
  except that plan is based on oil and it still was n't viable even back then . 
  not really as things would be the same and their pensions and benefits would n't be threatened and we 'd be able to improve things . 
  now i hope they get fucked in the ass so they can feel the consequence of their own vote . 
  but most likely it 'll all go on the professionals and productive workers who voted remain and are n't complete selfish idiots in some fantasy world . 
  this disruption is inevitable anyway . 
  either we go in like idiots on negotiations refuse any compromise and lose single market access and then london really does completely collapse taking us down with it . 
  or we do the sensible thing and either go for eea access , we still have freedom of movement and paying dues and the deluded people will riot for months . 
  or we cave and stay in the eu as no-one has the bollocks to do it . 
  same outcome again . 
  none of these ways finish well but i 'd also rather something bad forces us into a sensible compromise in short term than the complete destruction of my country by so called `` patriots '' who are n't going to be around to deal with the consequences of their delusions that the uk somehow get 's everything we want all the time whenever we want . 
  why would a club make concessions to someone who is n't a member ? 
  i just do n't get this british exceptionalism from gullible britain voters . 
  we 'd laugh our heads off if a country outside the eu started demanding special treatment from us . 
  thus completely disproving your point germany runs everything or is anyones master . 
  this really does irritate people to hear . 
  theres a reason the case for brexit was so similar to the scottish independence campaign in tactics and also dismissive of experts . 
  surely wangland ? 
  yes but do you have a flag old boy ? 
  in nicest way possible i look forward to when the denial stops and they realise they just played themselves, 
  in fairness i could possibly imagine some way of the uk being in eec and an independent scotland being in the eu and receiving regional funding etc. 
  no you idiot everyone in every country thinks the same . 
  demographics dont real and no-one in scotland voted leave too because theyre all amazing . 
  meanwhile noone in england voted remain not even its most productive cities overwhelmingly because english people are all shit . 
  crap not them too . 
  it was already every country in the world , the global economy and our own currency . 
  bloody hell this eu cant half control things can it ? 
  just understand that to the more deluded uk eurosceptics other people having goals in an equal relationship that force compromise is bullying, 
  oh for christs sake what the bloody hell are you talking about ? 
  do you not understnd the difference between a corporate entity running its european entity from a place and the product it provides ? 
  christ i need to get res just to tag every brexit voter whose completely misinformed as such before its too late . 
  who for only the scottish or the 48 % of people across the country and its most productive areas who voted out and are now getting spat on by everyone for daring to be english ? 
  yes but you forget our sovereignty bonus worth 3 brazilian dollars that will come flowing in any sec soon / s, 
  yeah but then the tories wouldve lost their eurosceptic base .
