  and as sexual crimes are charged like this especially if commited in a group . 
  there is n't anything against them . 
  as said it 'll be annoying if they ca n't be found but just putting on show trials or collectively punishing people is n't really an effective way to go on about it . 
  absolutely enforce the rules . 
  but we 'll see how the investigation goes neither of us can know if they will or wo n't be punished ( although assumedly this is pretty high prio for the police in k\u00f6ln at the moment ), 
  doubtful as dislikeable as ukip are . 
  they are nowhere near the levels of the fn or trump etc. 
  they 're more like a more pigheaded conservative party but the actual policies are n't nearly on the level of the blind stereotypes of the trumps of this world . 
  i 'm sorry mate but that is as dumb as me saying poland is leterally stalinist east germany because of the new party . 
  it 's a massive exaggeration of a problem that everyone is aware of . 
   various european police agencies are unable to capture the one remaining attacker from paris and were unable to anticipate the events and stop the terrorists responsible for this attack and charlie hebdo even though they were known to the police . 
   the attempts to sweep the cologne attacks under a rug are a confirmed fact , even the policemen are talking about their inability to control the situation on nye and and the incompetence of their superiors . 
  no charges have been brought against anyone responsible for the sexual assaults so far and only a fool can believe there will be any . 
  yet another example of knowing nothing but having an opinion on it . 
  not sure what hebdo has to do with it you are surely not dumb enough to think that european law enforcement is that linked up the eaw system and some information sharing is very low level stuff . 
  and if it really was a surveillance state then we 'd probably be pretty concerned about that too . 
  as said the biggest concern for me is when they catch these chaps that they deport them . 
  this is what i mean by enforcement . 
  we have commonalities that people should be punished and punished harshly for the crime they commit without any pc crap . 
  but collective punishment is just ridiculous . 
  wow another person who doesnt experience reality in a country telling natives what their life is like . 
  i look forward to being frantically told about how i live under sharia law for the 100th time this week . 
  ... or more likely it 'll just be a slightly flawed capitalist economy where most people are too busy working to be starting a civil war over seeing someone in a hijab down the local supermarket . 
  much like most people . 
  hence why merkel is still polling quite well . 
  the problem will come if enforcement is n't executed properly in the wake of these attacks . 
  although i do always love it as being told that i 'm living in a warzone . 
  i 'll still battlefield germany over the uk personally ( although if i recall london was a sharia no-go area as well recently : / ) . 
  honestly if i was going to plan any disorder/anti-social activity i 'd definitely plan it on nye . 
  most german cities are a complete war-zone on this evening with fireworks going everywhere and drunk people everywhere on the streets . 
  hospital near where i live in neuk\u00f6lln has all staff on duty and still struggles to deal with it . 
  what 's been bugging me on this coverage is the fireworks and shooting into crowds thing is absolutely not unusual for the busiest areas on new years eve in germany . 
  i do n't disagree that people have learnt their lesson about ignoring what a bunch of young men with a poor view of women do in large groups . 
  but the bigger mistake was the lack of enforcement in the first place . 
  the thing is being aware of a problem does n't then mean that we should be knee-jerking and kicking out all refugees and those with a legitimate claim/pre-existing citizenship . 
   only a simpleton -- or , more commonly , person driven by instinct and emotion -- thinks you can counter the uncompromising prejudice of `` all immigrants are bad '' with the uncompromising prejudice of `` all immigrants are good '' . 
  and  the stereotypical right tends to blame the stereotypical left for all its woes in an uncomplicated way . 
  the stereotypical left tends to respond with similar clod-hopping generalisation . 
  pretty much sum up why this debate goes full-retard a lot of the time . 
  naja backfire or not it worked in scotland im personally glad scotland didnt leave but i think it was dishonest . 
  even as a british immjgrant to germany im fairly ambivalent about the eu so well have to see how compelling the arguments are . 
  as someone ponted out to me we dont want full integration so we dont really fit in the project . 
  but will wait for the vote personally, 
  im assuming roughly the same as the scottish referendum and proect fear will swing into action when the date comes . 
  granted possibly mistakenly but im quite sceptical of the uk leaving the eu wholesale . 
  if i 'm honest i 'd be pretty happy with an eea type thing personally . 
  a lot of peoples main issue though is the freedom of movement thing ( in my opinion misguidedly but that 's my opinion ) . 
  i think the integration thing is misguided but you make a good point that if there is an eea type thing it would probably make more sense to leave than to block the whole thing . 
  i have a feeling it would be much messier than that in reality but that i do n't know for certain . 
  i 've got skin in the game as i take advantage of free movement to move in germany so i 'm a bit biased granted , but at the moment the polling is about 50/50 but it will change when it gets closer to the date and people actually think about the costs & benefits . 
  i 'd be wary of cheerleading the uk leaving personally like it or not that would severely impact the political and economic power of the eu globally . 
  it mostly hangs on the immigration thing and how the current refugee crisis is handled . 
  if the access to benefits issue is resolved that would shut down about half of the case people bang on about with the eu . 
  aber wir brauchen unsere extrawurst : o joking aside i would argue that the eu does need some tweaking and cutting back of ridiculous bits like the strasbourg shuffle and the 3 year rule for welfare is a negotiation stance that will move to a more sensible time limit . 
  i think cameron is a dumbass whos gotten his fingers burnt by playing politics with our membership but i think the uk is unlikely to leave if the eu gets rid of the silly bits that are tabloid fodder . 
  i was being tongue in cheek i live in germany myself . 
  my point was like you say she is balancing coalition with the sdp against the ever-present csu faction and thinking about what happens if germany shuts its borders . 
  like you say yeah she 's a pragmatist not an ideologue , and reducing it to some sort of evil left wing conspiracy is just a bit of a dumb way to look at it . 
   ok lets not hastily collectively punish all refugees for some scumbags actions '' not sure how much better i could word that if i 'm honest . 
  like i say i just think people are looking for an excuse more than to really think about it . 
  when have i accused anyone of being racist ? 
  i just find this bizarre as i 'm super in favour of deporting the people who commited the crimes and punishing as harshly as possible . 
  i 'm used to being slagged off by left wing people when i say we need strong controls on immigration . 
  but i just think it 's a ridiculous position to assume things and make policy on a huge group of people based on the actions of a scumbag minority . 
  it 's just internet hysteria and just blindly being hysterical is n't going to lead to any sensible discussions . 
  the downvotes for `` ok lets not hastily collectively punish all refugees for some scumbags actions '' would seem to indicate a certain lack of circlejerking . 
  probably because actual day to day life in germany is relatively unaffected by the refugee thing . 
  if i go down the shop there are already turkish and north africans here who 've lived here for years . 
  as much as the internet wants it to be sharia law in germany , most people only really care about economic stuff and things that affect them as usual . 
   in order to propagate new left ideologies and self-flagellating attitudes to leave society meek and impotent . 
  weird , i thought merkel was a centre-right politician beholden to a right wing party . 
  berlin 's a mess ? 
  i thought we had it fine here ( i live in berlin ) . 
  they 've just shunted them off to processing centres on the outskirts and no-one sees them . 
  it was worse before there were procedures for it as we had an illegal camp round the corner from my office . 
  what gas quote ? 
  `` we must stop all immigration from muslim countries because of this event and other selected events where a minority have commited crimes '' `` the refugees are n't refugees because i saw one with a phone '' `` the cultures are incompaitable and they ca n't integrate '' you 're deluding yourself if that is n't the gist of angry people on r/europe . 
  no i 'm just pointing out the difference between a debate on immigration and racism . 
  the former is happening , the latter is what nutters want on the internet . 
  but people still are n't minorly discouraged from saying `` lets gas all the paki terrorists ! '', 
  so clearly freeze peach is leterally being denied . 
  ah i get you , i live in germany so was a bit confused as i 'm used to having money left after rent and bills for a fun life . 
  like you say brit on that amount would have fuck all left for spending money because rent , utilities etc are so expensive . 
  not quite following , is there a stereotype about italians i 'm missing here ? 
  seems relatively sensible from the perspective of not creating ghetto areas . 
  bit of spare income on the side is always nice and would nudge quite a few people who were on the fence . 
  that is good in germany , unless you 're a moron you 'd comfortably have about 1000 $ spending money left over after normal expenses . 
   how can it not matter where someone comes from , if people who come from that place commit more crimes than others ? 
  i do n't know , probably because collective punishment is seen as a bit of an out-dated concept nowadays . 
  not the poster , but one idea is make it harder to get a gun than it is to get a driving licence . 
  keep guns out of the hands out of gun loonies is another one as they 're liable to snap and go shoot up a building . 
  why ? 
  the way to get downvotes is say `` not all refugees are terrorists '' not the `` super controversial '' idea of killing terrorists . 
  quit with the victimhood . 
  if they cross the mediterranean many are already quite wet . 
  it seemed to exist perfectly fine when other crises happen . 
  everyone on r/europe is very keen to follow the letter of the law when it says `` first country '' etc etc. 
  i would accuse many of being very selective in their intepretation of these things and forgetting the practical side of things . 
  as said the law on refugees is pretty clear legally and morally ( not to mention practically if we continue the `` lalala they 're all in turkey no-one can come over here '' thing . 
  the economic migrants are where we should be focusing efforts .
