  the truth hurts so badly . 
  sorry who in government/positions of power actually wants to push these ( yes means yes etc ) rules you kinda lost me slightly ? 
   halina wawzyniak , a lawmaker from the left party , told the washington post last week that immigration issues and sexual-assault cases should not be linked , as refugees could end up facing a `` double punishment '' by being deported . 
  `` the debate used to be about ` no means no ' -- now all that is being talked about in social networks are foreigners again , '' she said . 
  well surely they absolutely should be linked if they 're clearly showing a complete lack of willingness to integrate and an active contempt for other citizens right to be treated with dignity ? 
  absolutely deport rapists if they ca n't control themselves . 
  plenty of people can and those are the people i 'm happy to pay my taxes towards . 
  this is the kind of stupid thing that gives ammo to the afd amongst non-looney people . 
  even amongst new arrivals i 'd have thought they 'd be pretty glad at this type of law to stop them getting lumped in together with scum . 
  well i 'm not going to argue if they 're correct or not , but i kinda wrote in another point that it 's hard to argue the greater intangible benefit of free trade when what they actually see is their job lost to someone working for cheaper . 
  theres a complicated bunch of reasons but there are a lot of people who are n't happy with this eu project thing because they are n't benefiting as much as everyone says they are . 
  i 'm not arguing the rights and wrongs of it i know the technical economic case and the stats etc. 
  i voted remain myself and wouldve even if i wasnt living in germany . 
  however . 
  take a look at the areas outside of cities and areas with modern service economies . 
  low skilled work etc. 
  modern middle class people benefit from higher trade greater interconnectivity etc. 
  builders just building locally in a village for example only see a polish team taking their work doing it for cheaper . 
  they ca n't just retrain as programmers or whatever so effectively their life is ripped away from them from their perspective . 
  while competitive advantage at the national scale etc is a thing its a bit hard to explain that to someone looking at losing their lifestyle . 
  yes a lot of this is actually folded i with deindustrialisation etc that wasnt the eu but they were the ones blamed and this is why you see the real vociferous hatred . 
  worth noting , that gun stabilisation system allowing accurate mobile shooting is actually a product of british engineering prowess so we can at least be proud of that [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/centurion_ ( tank ) but yes they 're badass, 
  i 'd argue that 's `` just '' prejudice though . 
  the reason that this type of actual violence is happening is n't just prejudice it 's because people feel as though these foreign people have actually done something to make their lives shitty and them feel like they have no control . 
  same reason why the eu is n't just disliked in a dispassionate academic fashion . 
  amongst the angrier wings of the leave campaign but really hated like the empire from star trek . 
  the politicians are n't the ones prosecuting it though it 's the courts . 
  as you 're saying this is the point of seperation of powers . 
  a media watchdog as we have in the uk and you propose is just a sop . 
  they are completely toothless for all practical purposes and giving power to rupert murdoch to distort our political realities is the worst single outcome in a democracy . 
  absolute madness . 
  but yeah i 'm aware as an immigrant in germany . 
  i see the point but i do n't really give a crap about hypocrisy if i 'm honest i only care that the press are n't allowed to systematically mislead without any accountability . 
  ideally this would happen with politicians too ( see : brexit ) but the press would be a start . 
  i probably should have qualified that with british politician . 
  indeed i live in germany myself and think it 's a pretty great law even if it freaks out complete purists . 
  wow it must have escalated massively i thought there was 4-5 extremist shooters who have n't been formally identified yet acting during a demonstration ... 
  either that or you 're completely bullshitting and running around reddit copy pasting bullshit trying to make political points from the deaths of police before their blood is even cold . 
  and in a completely irrelevant discussion no less . 
  which is pretty fucking shameful behaviour there i would hope a police officer kicks you in the nuts . 
  yeah schrodingers immigrant has almost become a trite thing to joke about now even if it 's true . 
  are we actually allowed to start calling ignorant morons as ignorant morons yet or is that still being patronising ? 
   but a `` loud , drunk obnoxious brit '' stereotype is forming . 
  forming ? 
  as in future tense ? 
  this is the main stereotype for years . 
  [ my favourite bild article ever from 2 years ago ] ( http://www.bild.de/news/ausland/bild-auf-malle/die-krankenakte-37007116.bild.html ) not sure how your german is but that 's pretty much setting out the british stereotype in most countries . 
  in particular in `` stag party cities '' where people drink for cheap . 
  do n't expect coherence from loonies . 
  but yeah eastern european hate is a thing too , everyone from eastern europe is a job-stealing benefit taking gypsy . 
  oof man i just poed myself so hard right now . 
  it was always there , it just never had a coherent voice . 
  it 's lurking around here in germany too in east germany and other areas that do n't get the benefits of prosperity . 
  i agree , but if i go around telling people they can fly and a few deluded idiots amongst them actually buy that and jump off a cliff then i 've surely played some role here ? 
  we should be holding them accountable and making them print retractions of false stories in the exact same size and place as when they printed the lies ... * said no politician ever *, 
  as someone living in berlin . 
  no fuck off go away its horrible here !, 
  indeed . 
  while the immigration thing will change for workers ( and this does concern me as a brit working in germany ) . 
  tourist flights aka the vast majority are extremely unlikely to be affected . 
  i 'm curious on this too . 
  a lot of that would only be realised if we did something crazy and left the single market though as a lot of companies would be moving out . 
  whether the workers remained or moved with them is a different question . 
  the upwards pressure from investors etc i doubt would dissipate though as most ( all ? ), 
  of the laws affecting that are uk made . 
  meh they 'll be fine they care about travel full stop not just travel out from the uk . 
  worth noting as well , no-one knows the outcome of this referendum yet . 
  the only concrete outcome is the tory party has gone to shit dealing with it . 
  from ryanairs perspective freedom of movement / visa free entry for tourists is pretty much the only main thing that matters and there are a lot of outcomes where that is likely to happen . 
  lot of grammar pedants here , dw i 'd write it the same . 
  oh wait i hear a knock at the door chaps ... 
  well thats simply reality sorry . 
  as an example i still live in germany and there 's no sign of any of my rights changing until negotiations happen and we have a conclusion . 
  if you want me to link in any of the many stories of germany and the large eu colleagues saying no freedom of movement = no single market i will . 
  but suffice to say they will be giving the deal as take it or leave it and that is the frame of mind . 
  its a great campaign in terms of promising the world like homer in that episode where he runs for city sanitation commissioner . 
  but any deal outside the eea terms of freedom of movement means either no single market or a lot of dissapointed leave voters . 
  many of whom seem to be expecting 0 immigration . 
  if youve pissed off the people who voted for you within days of winning or painted yourself into a corner like boris it kinda looks like a failure . 
  it 's fair enough . 
  but this is n't considered anywhere near realistic by anyone in business and is what 's causing these problems . 
  which weaken our position and make this even more unrealistic . 
  the european position is `` you have to pay the same dues as everyone else if you want the same benefits '' which is a realistic and tangible goal . 
  it 's about on the level of `` and mexico will pay for it !, 
  '' , which is almost literally what we 'd be demanding europe to do if we get single market access without paying the dues . 
  not only this but the unrealistic expectations of all the muslims and poles evaporating tommorow feeding into a bad public image for the uk when we have racist attacks suddenly spiking . 
  well rather than being dishonest they made a load of proposals as if they were the government that were definitely not achievable and were never even goals of theirs . 
  as said all i wanted was `` ok we want an eea agreement '' or `` we are willing to leave single market and accept consequences and try to make city more attractive '' etc etc. 
  just `` yeah we 'll leave and do this thing that no-one is going to let us do and it 'll all be great and if you say that 's dumb then you 're a traitor '' was definitely dishonest, 
  yes but they 'll have to be fair on both sides for them to be good trade deals . 
  if we fuck ourselves up by refusing to compromise then we will never realise any of the benefits of being outside of any super-state and political problems as we 'll be in fire-fighting mode . 
  as said to realise this goal we will need freedom of movement and single market access . 
  i agree that we can probably do without a lot of the political crap but to achieve that and have our economy we 'll have to retain the first two things . 
  yep , but they had a proposal at least . 
  i 'm not a scottish independence person by a long way . 
  but their plan at least gave a clear indication of what would be attempted . 
  the brexit proposal was 15 bullet points of `` we want '' as compared to 648 pages . 
  it was a much more fair debate because of it as the points were able to be dissected and analysed . 
  whereas this brexit one was just vague `` itll all be good '' , '' ` that wo n't happen ! '', 
  slippery arguments .
