  i see enough in berlin and had enough people drunkenly ask me for directions as a local . 
  sometimes i 'm so embarassed i have to act like i do n't speak english to avoid getting dragged into it . 
  enjoy our lovely troops when they move in , they 're well known for good , completely non-deviant behaviour and responsible alcohol consumption , 
  you missed the word cheap, 
  in fairness british tourists are n't all bad . 
  it 's just the places that are marketed for cheap booze and acting like an asshole tend to attract the people who go for cheap booze and acting like an arsehole . 
  the ones quietly seeing tourist stuff around barcelona do n't attract as much attention as the ones who are paraletic and pissing everywhere in malaga etc. 
  either way i wish there was a train linkage from berlin so i could go to finland and back to berlin through the baltics . 
  indeed , as said i was questioning if all those big names were actually producing anything there or if they were just based there as a place to collect the money like google for example . 
  there 's a lot of reasons to base it in ireland but i do n't think value of market itself is a very good argument as most stats i 've looked through but it in a very close 6-7th place in terms of a global market absolutely dominated by germany and german companies and research . 
  i thought all these baltic states were filled with british hooligans ? 
  seems a bit unfair to imply these small countries are unvisited when they 're just small . 
  my god , if only someone had said something or warned us that undermining the stability of our own economy might have negative consequences ? 
  in seriousness i 'm looking forward to people blaming it on remain voters talking down the economy or the eu . 
  in fairness a ) this is nothing to do with safety b ) even if it was actually about safety ridiculously small homogenous or isolated countries it hardly seems like a success of any government policy to be `` safe '' . 
  more interesting is comparisons between diverse countries like germany , france , spain , uk etc that have to deal with crime and deprivation . 
  that would be more helpful in terms of seeing what policies and strategies work . 
  fair enough makes 0 sense if we are n't going to be in eu for any regulators to be based there . 
  like us having our press affairs committee based in poland . 
  as cool as it would be for me as someone living in germany that all the shit from london just goes to germany . 
  i think it 'd be very foolish for the eu to over-concentrate in germany . 
  especially when there are enough accusations over germany having too much control already . 
  i think it would be politically a very `` brave '' decision . 
  how much of that is actually produced and how much of it is produced by companies who are based in ireland though ? 
  i 'm not too hot on ireland but i really ca n't name a lot of big r&d or manufacturers there whereas germany i can name at least 3 real manufacturers and factories . 
  extremely unlikely politically . 
  they 're already tightening up laws on deportation and made this one in one out deal with turkey . 
  in addition to not exactly protesting too loudly when surrounding countries shut their borders . 
  they 've done their bit and they need to process the applicants currently here . 
  as an example this chap who blew himself up was due to be deported back to bulgaria to be processed properly . 
  i agree absolutely apologies if it came across wrong . 
  the media is doing a good enough job of creating a narrative to sell papers anyway . 
  costs of fake passports and travel are though . 
  not to mention that people are rapidly realising the border needs to not just be left alone to sort itself . 
  do you really think that sounds consistent or logical at all ? 
  of course i 'm bloody not saying that . 
  absolutely not , as said if you commit crimes against other people in germany then you should n't even be in the society as a prisoner . 
  minor crimes etc normal rules but against the people who 's charity you are enjoying it 's completely different . 
  among other things to allow violent people in and to not do anything about it would seem to violate section 1 of the constution that the dignity of other people is inviolable . 
  as said i 'm really sick of it now and i want to help the rest of the people who are n't raping , killing or stealing . 
  what 's the point ? 
  he 's not going to rehabilitated into society anyway if we 're just deporting him straight after . 
  complete waste of money . 
  send him back to syria and drop him out the plane perhaps with a parachute or perhaps not . 
  as someone paying tax in germany i 'm really sick of my money going to these people when it can go to people who are n't going to go around killing the people who pay taxes to help them . 
  and this guy had a history of violence anyway . 
  send back anyone violent or rapey we can spend the money and use the space on non animals . 
  welp send him back then if he loves being a violent caveman so much . 
  cheerio , cunt . 
  oh for gods sake rub it in why dont you !, 
  are the turkish guys not also citizens/2nd/3rd gen ? 
  will be interesting to see how they dance around any accusations of `` turkish origins mean you have less rights as a citizen '', 
  incest . 
  yo saarnd like you 're from landan with ur charta bruv ' . 
  sorry that was mean i just liked the typo . 
  anyway ianal but as far as i know we do n't opt out of the rights . 
  just a limiting of the european courts to force us to change them . 
  so perhaps if it gets to that point all the way up in the european courts and gets by all the other domestic courts ( and by now in this situation we 're approaching erdoganian levels of ripping up the law ) then yeah we could start forcibly deporting people under the act . 
  though we 'd have to win the appeal as well . 
  and then all the subsequent cases of people challenging it on family grounds etc. 
  [ my reply here just to keep this convo coherent ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4tpjuc/uk_scientists_speak_about_brexit_pain_just_weeks/d5jgx6y ), 
  i agree voters are n't suddenly going to make themselves more informed . 
  but do you think if the sun suddenly switched content with the times over night then everyone would be more informed ? 
  or do you think they 'd just start reading the new improved times with tits on page 3 and why immigrants are causing cancer on your house prices on page 4 ? 
  there 's plenty of magazines printing articles about chem-trails and reptilian overlords all the time . 
  no-one has elected an `` anti-reptilian '' candidate for office because no serious politician is stupid enough to run on that platform . 
  while i still think stupid voters should be shunned . 
  politicians 10 times more so as they know ( or should know ) when they 're deceiving or exaggerating to a ridiculous degree . 
  i 'd say a far bigger or more effective step rather than blaming the press for trying to sell magazines and reflect their readers views is making politicians legally accountable for delivering what they state and if they fail on that or are proven to mislead then they should be punished for it . 
  and or compelled legally to be working towards a goal . 
  boris johnson would 've still been able to say we 'll have more money to spend . 
  but he 'd have been far more circumspect about the hyperbole about making outlandish claims if there was a chance for jail for him down the line . 
  to make a metaphor if the company i work for sold a service saying `` this shit will run your stuff 3 million times faster '' then we 'd be sued for fraud if it was intentionally deceptive . 
  we can still say `` this is the best and this is why and this is why you should use us '' but we ca n't just make up shit about our product . 
  i believe this would bring far more civility to political debate as well as people act a bit more like businesses competing to deliver a service rather than snake oil salesmen selling dreams . 
  tl : dr bring back the stocks and put politicians in them for lying to people :p, 
  i 'm guessing brexcuse 13 ) in this case and a dash of 17 ) and 3 )  13 ) cowardly employers . 
  craven businesses failed to show faith in the country by continuing to hire people to do jobs they no longer needed . 
   17 ) we are all in this together now . 
  so it 's as much their fault as ours . 
   3 ) angry remain campaigners talked down the country . 
  this panicked us into an economic downturn which would undoubtedly have been avoided if they had not insisted on pointing out news which appeared to suggest they were right . 
  their selfish inability to admit they were wrong ensured that they were proved right , at great cost to the country . 
  [ source ] ( https://next.ft.com/content/4aa912fa-4423-11e6-b22f-79eb4891c97d ), 
  but there already are organisations telling people that bad data is being spouted . 
  how much more can you ask for ? 
  people will still not look . 
  there were official bodies saying 350 million was a lie and telling the campaign to stop using it but everyone ignored them or acknowledged it and then voted on feels anyway . 
  the furthest it can go is `` same size same page '' retractions ( which i agree i would like ) but those can only happen months after the fact when it 's proven in court . 
  you can feel sorry for them all you want . 
  i also feel sorry for someone who breaks their leg even if they did it while jumping from a balcony while drunk . 
  my sorrow however is somewhat diminished because i also have to deal with the consequences too and people and evidence were trying to stop them doing it the whole time . 
  now perhaps i can agree that there should be a bit more teeth on verified bullshit in the press . 
  however i 'm way more comfortable with brexit happening than us trying to create some organisation for absolute truth . 
  and it concerns me that when you start writing these `` anti-lying '' laws then suddenly that kind of `` anti-bullshitting press law '' starts getting used for political point scoring or similar . 
  and like it or not a lot of these stories even the most outrageous immigrant lies are based in an initial fact that is then twisted and details are added to give it context . 
  and how are you going to write a law to stop people elaborating on a story outside of subjective opinions ? 
  while i get your sentiment i 'm a lot less optimistic on doing anything about it without opening up some pretty dark doors for the nature of democracy . 
  people should be taking more responsibility for themselves and other people should shame them for being ignorant while still having the responsibility of a vote . 
  a lot of this was because people just smile and nod politely when their friends or colleagues say `` yeah it 's the polish 's fault '' or `` the eu did this '' and we all have a racist grandparents or stupid aunts etc.
