  but now after years of reductionist distortied sloganeering like `` unelected eurocrats '' , `` united states of europe '' , `` take back control of our borders '' and `` 350m '' then suddenly a simplification of an argument that retains it 's truth this is suddenly literally the most ** egregious ** assault on the truth in history . 
  well technically yes surely ? 
  douz fish . 
  and . 
  chips . 
  mate, 
  [ this thread irl ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzjhlscd6i8 ), 
   all these people saying they would rather not give education to immigrants are basically asking to revoke the aforementioned treaties . 
  no trust us this is different , we do n't need to think about human rights because they 're ~ ~ jewish ~ ~ from muslim countries . 
  now you are being black and white . 
  there is n't and wo n't be one single solution . 
  i agree personally that people smugglers come out on top . 
  but there are a whole bunch of things that can be done right the way from eu application centres in africa through to operations in libya to improving processing processes in europe to ( and this is the most important in my opinion ) actually deporting those whos applications are refused and/or commiting crime . 
  any policy that starts from an assumption of `` all refugees are x '' or is going to be a shit policy leaving aside the whole `` pre-crime '' factor . 
  like it or not but this vote came out of some very angry people who absolutely hate the eu . 
  this `` we 're still working with europe '' thing johnson and co spout comes after them leading a campaign calling 27 other countries a collective basket case and the eu that represents them as a group a bunch of incompetent mini-eichmanns . 
  and then following this many of their citizens have experienced personal attacks and violence on our streets . 
  denying the situation is just ostriching . 
  may is the leader of the uk and makes the decision . 
  but the negotiation team is led by david davis who seems to be quite unsure what his own governments position is . 
  yes i absolutely do think this is going to go really well . 
  it does n't no . 
  but changing the role of coastguard to shoving ships in distress off to sea leaving people to drown is about as clear a consequence as you can get . 
  so yes , it is pretty black and white here if you follow to it 's conclusion . 
  `` do n't rescue people sinking or drowning in the ocean '' is a way for people to avoid saying `` leave people to die for the pre-crime of being brown '' . 
  he seems to be avoiding the answer `` drown brown people '' because that would be admitting what 's actually being demanded . 
  gove and johnson were the official campaign though . 
  as said it was completely and thoroughly debunked and farage did n't have a word to say about till after the referendum was over . 
  hell farage in the video i think was full of bollocks but fair enough he can disown that claim i do n't blame him at all i just blame him for doing the race-baiting . 
  likewise gove and johnson were very quiet on the race-baiting of farages campaign as it was also convenient to bring in the nutters but keep them at an arms length politically . 
  350 m is just the cleanest most concise example of how the leave campaign was all things to all people and did n't have to be based in reality or internally consistent . 
  hence how they 're now stuck in this mess of hard v soft brexit and trying to re-write recent history . 
  [ yes i wonder why it gets brought up so much ] ( https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/7eb9b2f2373ad9ff583c2056b41e95145940ad02/0_210_3000_1800/master/3000.jpg?w=1920&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=max&amp;s=34045fd36365be1293d40814d09958d2 ) , [ really ca n't imagine ] ( http://i4.mirror.co.uk/incoming/article7943774.ece/alternates/s615b/js89532410.jpg ) in seriousness it 's not the actual lie that 's the meme the funny part is the constant attempts to whitewash it or claim it was n't a central campaign plank or `` oh they were just speaking figuratively '' and various other straw graspings . 
  well this is a doddle . 
  you 'd have to ask . 
  i 'm not really in the group that gets really worked up about this even if i am proud to be british . 
  i do n't think it 's a debate personally more a rise in nationalism in 50 % of the population . 
  and the scottish referendum and the fall out from this eu referendum has stoked this up pretty heavily . 
  scottish nationalism is built on grievances about being constantly treated as inferior to england , feeling westminster does n't represent them . 
  ( there 's more but those are the big ones ) english nationalism is also built on grievances about the feelings that every other region of the uk gets their own political independence . 
  it is n't really part of brexit but you 'll struggle to find an english nationalist who is n't also a brexit supporter . 
  funnily enough something i notice is that english nationalists also tend to bitch that `` english '' stuff ( e.g st georges day ) get 's put on a second tier compared to `` british '' stuff . 
  which sounds rather familiar when talking about scottish nationalists too . 
  there 's a fair bit of angers fanned because of politics and how it was felt policies like tuition fees in england were pushed through by scottish mps that would n't have their own constituents affected by them ( lot more complicated than that but that 's the grievance ) . 
  if i 'm honest both come down to grievances more than being a genuine political movement ( hence why whenever someone says scotland wants a choice there is always a few angry nationalists to shout it down with `` no we voted as the uk ! '', 
  and whenver there 's a brexit thing there 's always some angry scottish saying all english people are all stupid little englanders and they ca n't wait to leave . 
  funnily enough both hate westminster a lot . 
  both dislike `` britain '' and feel it does n't represent them . 
  disclaimer these are just people on the internet but its an extreme version of what 's happening in the politics . 
  it 's been a thing for years . 
  just came up with brexit as `` german influence '' was being banged about a lot . 
  as is usual with a lot of these types of things it 's based off of a joke ( like `` the germans took our bikes '' in nl ) . 
  problem is some people get it 's a joke and some of the more uninformed and insulated peope think it 's serious and either actually mean the joke maliciously or genuinely think the germans are nazis . 
  more concerning is there are a lot of politicians like farage who knowingly play up to it with wolf whistles like mocking juncker with `` who do you think you are kidding mr juncker '' ( a reference to a song from a famous comedy called dads army originally with the name hitler ) . 
  usual story really it 's the dishonest leading the uninformed and angry . 
  some of them may be so old to remember the war and still harbour some grievances but anyone who thinks the germans are nazis is as dumb as the americans who think russia is still the ussr . 
  i was 12 then so no i dont lol but yeah its a long running trope of people stuck in the past or whove not got a better joke to hand . 
  they seem to actually be having less when looking at polling surprisingly . 
  it only seems to be such an inevitability on the internet . 
  support for a referendum is low and support for independence is marginal . 
  possibly fatigue from several bitter referendum campaigns that have all sewed dischord and allowed postfact politics to take root in the uk . 
  the snp deny it because it opens them up to accusations of putting their independence goal before the national interest of scotland and the uk . 
  a quick new indy referendum they would lose atm so unlikely shes looking for that right now . 
  while scotland voted in , their turn out was low compared to uk and many believe sturgeon was putting independence before campaigning to stay . 
  the snp as governing party of nine years are part of said establishment that neglected poorer areas and caused brexit . 
  pretty victim blaming stuff imo though its nice to see the starts of acknowledgement that it was govt not eu policy that got the uk to its current state . 
  give it till friday . 
  in fairness if you say `` you change diapers when it gets messy '' ( which is often ) then the metaphor kind of holds well . 
  the problem is when politicians or parties can get complacent . 
  economic growth like this isnt the same as artificially creating shittier business conditions . 
  magnitudes are hard to predict but the consequences of raising costs of import on imported goods in an import heavy economy are pretty easy to figure out as one example . 
  people say `` experts '' they just mean people who can count . 
  its reminding me the south park episode where canada goes on strike for internet money and destroys itself . 
  then eventually claims a couple of discount vouchers as a momentous victory . 
  but what 's your point here ? 
  i would argue due to interdependencies only russia really is a genuine `` opponent '' and that 's a temporary state of affairs due to sanctions . 
  i think your standard of `` opponent '' is lower i 'd think of someone like china or the us and yes russia as competitors . 
  genuine `` wiping off the planet '' opponents do n't really exist in the same way . 
  but i 'm still confused as to how this is something to do with the original point . 
  i think we have geopolitical opponents . 
  none that can seriously destabilise the west economically though . 
  i 'm still not clear as to your point though . 
  i was mainly wondering if a literal copy and paste could be done . 
  especially as the amount of work involved in eu trade agreements is way way too big to possibly be handled by a scrabbled together brexit department and a bunch of inexperienced trade personnell in the depth and precision necessary . 
  most likely some would change as we 're a smaller market alone but surely these already existing agreements can be used as templates . 
  ( can people do that ? 
  wonder you could be sued for copying a trade agreement like this ), 
  ok but the soviet union does n't exist now so i 'm a bit confused on your point . 
  who 's trying to destabilise the west/europe with exports ? 
  and soon we can possibly experience the joys of drumpf too . 
  perhaps in berlin tech-start ups . 
  but not in any serious german business no . 
  english is an essential second language for many jobs but that is n't the meeting or internal communications language . 
  you joke , that 's exactly what 's going to happen i absolutely gurantee it . 
  if we do n't brexit hard enough it 'll be a brussels stitch up and we go full retard it 'll be a brussels stitch up that everything went to shit . 
  these are the same people who think `` remoaners '' being negative can bring down an economy and positive thoughts will save it . 
  it 'll never be their fault , they ca n't justify it , and most will just quietly dissapear or act offended when called out . 
  i 'm kind of curious to what extent we could copy existing eu trade agreements they have with other countries to bang out some sort of passable solution here . 
  it 's retarded situation we 're in thanks to some very uninformed people but it seems unlikely that we 'll spend all the money to start inspecting all these goods again from countries producing to safety standards that we already agreed to while in the eu . 
  i think only the most hysterical of brexiters would be against just using standards that have served the uk well for a long time .
