  reality is , at that stage of development it 's hard to hope for more than 2-3 % annual growth . 
  either way , if you look where most of british gdp comes from , you will see why being outside eu will be of benefit . 
  i dont doubt it at all , as said the uk will be fine it 's a big economy ( 6th or 7th in the world ) and at worst will drop a few places . 
  i 'm not predicting a return to turnip bartering systems or anything however brexit will not be beneficial and there will be a lot of social unrest caused by a needless sacrificing of jobs to fulfil brexiters dreams . 
  i am very much not opimistic even if the pound dropping means my student loan gets cheaper every year as someone working in germany these days , my parents and friends still work there . 
  i 'm not disagreeing however a large drop in living standards will cause some large issues in the uk nonetheless even if we drop from 7th to ( say ) 17th in the world . 
  wow calling people mentally ill is a really compelling argument . 
  talk to me in a year . 
  you 're mistaking the existing state of affairs with the dynamic trends . 
  e.g you 're bullshitting about brass-plating offices and i think you know it . 
  stagnant wage growth is n't anything to do with brexit agreed but it is a very real issue that is going to be exacerbated by it . 
  just like ` oh its just a currency devaluation get over it ' turned out to be a problem with higher prices that is causing the current slowdown in only the uk . 
   uk gdp might not grow by as much as it would have done in the eu , but i think if you are realistic you can see that the uk economy will probably continue to do very well . 
  the economic danger to the uk from leaving the eu is extremely long-term , but nobody knows what 's going to happen to the eu in the long term . 
  i dont doubt that the uk will be one of the top 20 economies in the world even in the most retarded of brexits . 
  however i 'm just very sceptical on what that will mean for the quality of life for citizens with higher unemployment and even slower growing wages . 
  and for no benefit other than the emotional feels of brexiters . 
  so how much of a leg to stand on do pis have ? 
  brexiters in the uk we still have one of the largest economies in the world to fall back on , even the most retarded of brexits would n't result in proper ` turnip economy ' poverty it would be an extremely large recession and the accompanying problems but poland it seems like it is that fragile that a proper act of self-sabotage could be properly ` society destabilsiing ' catastrophic it . 
  would they ( pis ) really go ahead with a ` hard prexit ' if it came down to brass-tacks ? 
   looking like it 's going to be a shit-show . 
  this is called a prediction in the future tense . 
  unless you have economically sound reasons it wont every single major indicating is pointing to ` shit-show ' . 
  is that actually viable to keep going like that ? 
  even for the uk the whole leaving the single market thing is looking like it 's going to be a shit-show . 
  for a country like poland that 's developed a hell of a lot but is still not exactly on the level of the uk economically i could imagine that would be apocalyptic to lose dev funds and single market access if the process of pissing off the other eu countries comes to the logical conclusion and they end up outside the single market . 
  in seriousness what am i looking at here ? 
  of curiosity if they did do this and poland loses its voting rights ( and it does n't get vetoed by orban who 's likely scared of similar actions ) what happens next ? 
  all that happens if article 7 happens is poland does n't have a vote what would they then do ? 
  i totally would . 
  [ they could be drinking out of teacups like this ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/c0/04/31/c00431c3aff5a379c972a065ffab760d--cup-of-coffee-coffee-break.jpg ), 
  the bill is a different issue . 
  i 'm talking about the fact that the leave campaign set up a load of expectations unrestricted by mere triviliaties like reality talking constantly about being like norway or switzerland and there wo n't be any economic disruption and everyone will still have the same benefits as before while also saying ` we 'll leave the single market ' . 
  and when challenged on this they 'd either say ` nuh-uh ' or start talking about how germany needs to sell us cars . 
  they knew that selling an actual hard brexit by talking about what that would entail would n't win outside a core of ideologues but the ` flavouring ' of truth they added is now running into reality . 
  as said it 's irrelevant though . 
  you can get a degree in the most in demand field of chemical engineering or whatever and still be unemployed and/or in low paid work . 
  a career is always what you make of it . 
  funny way of showing it insulting everyone else in europe . 
  the eu is just the mouthpiece of all of the other countries . 
  acting like it 's some alien entity is why brexiters keep failing to understand the negotiations . 
  it 's not punishment it 's just all the other countries do n't want to have the piss taken that someone else gets to freeload the benefits of co-operation . 
   firstly the uk has already stated multiple times that it is leaving the single market ; hence why residency and working rights of eu citizens are a topic of discussion to begin with . 
  people keep constantly talking about continuing having the benefits as well though is the issue . 
  it 's like me saying ` i 'm a straight man , but i am going to continue sucking cocks ' . 
  there 's plenty of platitudes but no acceptance that there will be consequences . 
  e.g david davis being shocked that the eu moved regulatory agencies out of london or people being surprised companies are leaving . 
  why would you ignore that though ? 
  the point is that tertiary education is useful for more than the direct vocational application of it . 
  latvia , potato choose one . 
  im not at all surprised it was obvious it was going to happen from about july 24th . 
  and the ground is also being prepared to blame everyone else for the consequences in the tax evader owned brexit tabloids . 
  it 'll all the the eus fault for being mean or the govt sabotaged brexit or something and ` they 'll have to give us a deal so stop worrying ' will simply be forgotten . 
  that was the whole of both brexit campaigns saying ` stop listening to project fear well have the same trade conditions as before the german cars etc will save us ' . 
  to claim otherwise is pure revisionism . 
  its almost getting beyond parody now watching the lines on all the issues turn from ` everything will be amazing ' to ` we knew it was going to be a shitshow but its not that bad ' . 
  the comparison of brexit to monty pythons black knight proclaiming victory while getting his limbs chopped off was very apt imo . 
  see now we 're getting somewhere why not use that source that gives a nuanced and more accurate less editorialised picture that more rescues are happening closer and closer to shore ? 
  and not the right wing post-fact source claiming it 's a deliberate conspiracy by ngos ? 
  yeah i 've read this one before . 
  i simply get very sceptical when people link the moral ambiguity of closer and closer sea rescues to ` the ngos are doing it deliberately to ensure white genocide ' or similar narratives that go around post-fact echo chambers . 
  yet again it 's facts twisted into some grand narrative and used to wind up low-info voters just like isis does . 
  its still a bollocks looking v dodgy source by someone who clearly is spamming this video everywhere along with spouting right wing talking point . 
  is a different discussion . 
  because the only primary source talking about it is an ` investment advisor ' gefira which has various right wing and eurosceptic talking points as their about page . 
  plus a load of other dodgy ass websites citing gefira as the source . 
  looks like op is just spamming this link to get around the auto-removal of fake news sites . 
  thats not the source of the video nor does it say make any mention of the allegations . 
  its an infographic about where deaths happen . 
  of curiosity where is this coming from originally for you ? 
  the only other place ive seen talking about it with some actual context is this site [ gefira ] ( https://gefira.org/bulletin/ ) which purports to be an investment advice firm but on their about page every single issue they talk about is just white genocide claims eurosceptic and anti-immigrant talking points and ` avoiding political correctness ' meanwhile every single other place ive seen it [ example ] ( http://www.newropeans-magazine.org/en/2016/11/10/caught-in-the-act-ngos-deal-in-migrant-smuggling/ ) is linking back to gefira , that seems to be the original source here . 
  seeing as youve posted this same link multiple times in multiple threads without any further context this source is just looking a wee bit fishy imo . 
  not if i can help it . 
  i love taunting my danish friends talking gibberish and interspersing it with words from this skit . 
  i thought weed is already decriminalised ? 
  at least here in berlin ( granted not quite the same as n\u00fcrnberg ) if you 're not acting a prat you can walk past policemen wirling a baggie of weed with a lit spliff in your mouth and nothing will happen . 
   and furthermore , i just do n't want to live in a country in which i know that people get unconditional money from my taxes . 
  as soon as ubi will be introduced in the netherlands , i 'm gone . 
  find yourself someone else who 's willing to fund this project . 
  a country full of artists and people who work ` when they feel like it ' just does n't run . 
  yeah because who would want to set up a company in a high demand economy with higher money velocity and not slowly stagnating demand ? 
  [ you 're hopelessly out of date this chap summarises it ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/foodanddrink/foodanddrinknews/8260319/top-french-chef-declares-london-capital-of-cuisine.html ) as said the problem is paris 's central districts are just the same french restaurants hocking the same generic foods to tourists . 
  as a city it 's trading on a brand nothing more . 
  claiming london is n't diverse in terms of cuisine is simply absurd . 
  your stereotype is extremely wrong . 
  i live in germany these days but we ( the uk ) have the highest consumption of cooking books in europe and london is repeatedly listed as one of the food capitals of the world . 
  now i am no nationalist but i assume you are french ( judging from your name ) . 
  i also dont mean to disrespect you in what follows as an english person quite passionate about food ( in particular french cuisine ) . 
  your food is overpriced and stale , any idiot can cook a cassoulet it is on the level of a steak and ale pie , any idiot can cook coq au vin it is on the level of a lasagne , even an american can cook steak au frites better than the french ( belgians ) can . 
  your french cuisine will need to move on with the modern world to keep up with british food culture rather than trading off of the name of ' a la carte ' and trying to sell expensive meals to tourists . 
  there are undoutably pisstakers . 
  my aunt is a pisstaker and takes no small amount of pleasure telling us she is one despite my mum ( her sister and a prosecutor ) telling her this is going to bite her in the arse eventually . 
  do n't use ` working class ' as a code they were both raised in the same environment . 
  this is just stupid people . 
  the brits hate our own government too we deffo cant laugh at the greeks about being dysfunctional atm . 
  i can make a pretty good cassoulet . 
  you want to put baked beans in tomato sauce in that lol ? 
  im sure it was a great joke if i could speak hungarian or romanian and i will always appreciate an obscure joke even when i dont get it . 
  in the context of a fried breakfast or a baked potato there is no other proper bean . 
  granted if we 're talking about a mexican burrito or a schnitzel or something i 'd agree with you but we 're talking about british comfort food and the baked bean is integral to that .
