  and how does the spending stack up against international ones ? 
  or if you work for international ones how does the german spending come together ? 
  is it r&d spending or what ? 
  absolutely agree . 
  but the question is are we just at the point of `` obsolete '' . 
  most likely not in car manufacturing ( although that 's just what i imagine ) but things like internet infrastructure here in berlin is very out-dated , while it is trying to be a big technology city . 
  foreign companies generally invest quite a lot and shops are modern , payment equipment is up to date etc. 
  a lot of the german ones it looks very out-dated just on the customer side , on the business side if this is the same then it could be costing quite a lot of money in terms of foregone productivity . 
  it 's all the small bits like that . 
  granted i 'm extrapolating from where i am in the north ( and hey i did n't even mention that bloody airport ) but it 's interesting on whether it 's `` good enough '' or falling behind . 
  not necessarily when it gets in the way of macroeconomic goals that it then costs more money down the road to catch up with anyway . 
  investment to create assets and growth is n't the same as buying a bottle of champagne on credit as a lot of people seem to simplify it down to . 
  what area is it in ? 
  at least someone must be . 
  i see and hear of a lot of faffing about both anecdotally and claimed in this article . 
  as you say its a good environment atm . 
  depends where you are . 
  if youre hanging around kottbusser tor looking for currybuden then yeah ... its probably going to look like a toilet lol . 
  in seriousness its areas like that where the station is nearly falling apart and concrete that is what i think of when i think of underinvestment . 
  im in the hipster zone aye . 
  hipster cafes are one thing but an empty room with open brick walls employing two americans isnt exactly the type of capital investment the article means . 
  well indeed . 
  this was why greece and italy were so pissed earlier on when the rest of europe was saying `` lol nmp '', 
  it is curious . 
  for a developed country a lot of businesses and state stuff is very out of date even if it still works . 
  i get that much of it is pure old fashioned tightness . 
  but especially here in berlin shops and `` stuff '' generally look very dated compared to few places like mcdonalds that do invest in re-fits etc. 
  im curious how much is concentrated on the much vaunted manufacturing industry . 
  i think a lot of their machinery is actually very old . 
  and people seem to freak quite a lot about debt and i worry if that carries to commerce stuff . 
  depends where you are . 
  the highest concentration is in london . 
  i dont dispute there are pockets around ( e.g bracknell , reading etc ) but most people voting no are going to fixate on the ones they can see obviously whether thats dumb or not . 
  im sure we will all be absolutely disgusted that a man of turkish descent is allowed in politics . 
  the cultures are not compaitable and he can not be trusted around women . 
  theres been a 10-20 year campaign against the eu by murdoch are you kidding ? 
  he is freaked by the possibility that the eu would launch an anti monopoly action against him . 
  youre surprised he betrayed cameron ? 
  these guys are huge rivals for years bj only cares about himself winning . 
  when he shuts up about trident and stupid distraction shit a lot of people will listen to him when he 's in `` his '' area of talking about equality and labour stuff . 
  many people respect him for not going with the mob on a lot of issues and articulating well ( much like one mr farage funnily enough ), 
  shes controversial like most big reformers are . 
  dont believe anyone who claims everyone agrees on her being bad or good . 
  there were some parties . 
  other people were pissed about the partiesand believed all her criticism should be whitewashed from history and we should be treating her like jesus . 
  both are very partisan . 
  you can dislike the unpopular bits they did just like you can dislike churchill for a lot of stuff he did . 
  but its pretty hard to argue with the case that we 're one of the worlds most desirable countries to live in because of them . 
  especially as someone living in germany , the positive aspects they see of the uk are almost all from their legacy . 
  blair and in particular iraq , minimum wage and the freedom of information act make his a very mixed legacy that cant just be dismissed with `` omg must be mentally ill lol '', 
  londons probably the one bit benefiting from it . 
  its the rest of the uk that suffers as london is so economically strong pulling in all investment and employment because it attracts so many professionals . 
  its the rest of the ukthat gets beggars and unskilled workers that sees the crap side . 
  the leave side has the dankest memes . 
  theyre pretty visibile on the internet compared to real life polling . 
  a man brought up on rugby versus football defaulting to instinct . 
  thats fine i too can cherry pick cases . 
  at the end of the day the reasons of people sending men first and then having the families join later are well established . 
  the problems of that are where the debate should be not on `` this one time the media showed a refugee and they didnt look rapey , le bias '', 
  im not eliminating the other too . 
  but the first is what creates the incentives . 
  huge fines and anonymous reporting services . 
  honestly who ? 
  where are they going ? 
  i live in germany and ive barely seen refugees let alone people leaving . 
  most of the press stories coming from here are just algerians and morrocans whove been here years . 
  everyone just gives a crap because the refugee thing is in fashion atm . 
  oh theyre leaving ? 
  wouldnt mind a source for that im sick of being told im living in a shariah lawzone where i am in germany just to point out some of the shite said . 
  if they enforcrd the rules on businesses in the first place it wouldnt be an issue . 
  thats fine we both read the sub im sure . 
  but just saying it axiomatically you are well aware it isnt true of course youll be challenged . 
  just as cheerleading gets you shit in that sub too . 
  go read the primary sources . 
  not that youll be convinced youre in full on historical denial mode . 
  i just want anyone reading not to be taken in by this denial of the first massacres so you can delude yourself of simplicity . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/civil_uprising_phase_of_the_syrian_civil_war you seem to be forgetting recent history . 
  i love these protest denialists . 
  isis didnt just pop out of nowhere . 
  enjoy some light reading and dont be such a simpleton next time . 
  i know it feels cool and edgy . 
   assad dealt with protesters the wrong way , but he said they were foreign protesters being paid ... and whaddya know ... 3 years later , we now know he was right . 
  no we dont know that stop trying to rewrite history . 
  the foreign influence came into the chaotic vacuum created when the army started refusing to shoot protestors . 
  reading breitbart and russia today is not being informed . 
  sorry sunshine but sure bias exists but what is said and protests do not lie . 
  assad created this mess . 
  not the party . 
  but his own self . 
  ah ok youd fight for the guy who machine gunned the protestors when they were peaceful and set the whole thing off ? 
  the guy with the torture prisons and the barrel bombings ? 
  point is neither side is one you want to fight for . 
  pack in the call of duty rubbish . 
  so who would you fight for ? 
  isis or assad ? 
  i swear to god this `` how dare they have pics with a kid ! '', 
  thing is almost getting funny . 
  i feel like youll only be happy if its only swarthy large muscular men with devil horns and dick dastardly moustaches or something ( which is definitely not biased ) . 
  its a picture stop being paranoid . 
  more importantly if theyre afghan theyre not refugees .
