  but do i want them to actually bloody enforce the rules when people just come along and commit crimes and pump out kids ? 
  yes what 's so bloody bad about it ? 
  i will absolutely speak out against racism 100 % of the time but there would be very little racism if people were confident in the knowledge that people were n't able to come along and be pisstakers . 
  the hungarian thing today for example why would n't you detain 100 % of asylum seekers while their applications are being processed ? 
  that 's just normal you 'd do the same for any other situation with a large number of people moving . 
  as it is though it 's annoying as i 'm simueltaneously having to argue for rule of law at both sides at one side i 'm saying `` no if someone commits a crime they get deported '' and then the other side i 'm having to say `` no you ca n't just make it a pre-crime to be muslim it 's racist and unenforceable '' . 
  i heard they even [ play football halfway competently now ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grwbioir04c ), 
  i am devastated to have all my prejudices about cornwall smashed like that . 
  the lancashire rose will never be vanquished from it 's rightful place on the throne #mlga, 
  apparently not such a great system of reading comprehension though in your case . 
  seeing as no-one was comparing the quality of different healthcare systems . 
  although there is of course plenty of literature out there if you want to go talk about other things . 
  perhaps wrong is the incorrect word . 
  fuck all to say outside of moving goalposts and failed attempts to make it personal is probably the better phraseology . 
   it 's just made them saltier . 
  apparently that 's the extent of your contribution there `` hurr durr salty librul tears '' . 
  well done big hand for you . 
  oh i wouldnt dream of it . 
  its just achieving russian foreign policy objectives of destabilising the eu in favour illiberal irrational politics . 
  its purely coincidental . 
  if it 's some sort of `` warsaw '' pact , then we will know that poland is in control . 
  because you ca n't come up with anything other than `` oh yeah well you should do more '' and then when i have actually done it all you 've got is `` well you lost get over it '' . 
  which was n't the argument at all the argument was if this is actually beneficial for anyone who does n't own a health insurance company . 
  as said you have no arguments because it is indefensible thus your retreat into ( unsuccesfully ) trying to play the person not the argument . 
  i love how apparently the only way we can expect things to be done properly and for the good of all in the country is that everyone who is against the destruction of our societies infrastructure has to jump through all of the hoops u/bakersdozen sets out before they are allowed to point out the self-evident bollocks . 
  because `` fuck it we 'll just have to destroy it '' is not a solution that 's a betrayal of british people in the interests of big business . 
  but yes other than that i did campaign ( i actually came back home from germany to go knock on doors myself for a while ) and i am an active member of a political party . 
  so perhaps save us all your goal-post-moving bollocks and play the argument not the person or if you have nothing other than constantly moving goalposts then just accept your argument is crap . 
  that 's not on me . 
  it 's on the people who voted for this government and the people in government doing it . 
  i voted against this current government and i voted against brexit and have repeatedly said what a crock of bollocks the promises were . 
  although lol at the pivoting of course whenever there 's no argument then it must be the fault of the people opposed to the policy . 
  no we can watch it underfunded for years by the conservatives having enjoyed a budgetary surplus for most of the 90s and 2000s . 
  then watch the same people who underfunded it and talk about the merits of american privatisation then say `` if we leave the eu we can give 350m to the nhs '' then say `` whoops we made that up '' the next after the referendum is over . 
  so i bloody will blame brexiteers it is their fault on their little ideological conquest . 
  [ rest of britain whenever the `` who inventend the cornish pasty '' thing kicks off again ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/1pilujb60ccgw/giphy.gif ) - #greenarmy, 
   the two companies have been feuding for years ever since harry hocking poached one of polglazes top crimpers , sidney `` some boy '' stevens , from drump road redruth . 
  well this is definitely legit cornwall . 
  well the netherlands has a healthcare service as does luxembourg . 
  we on the other hand consider it an unnecessary surplus that is being cut to the bone to make way for our lovely american healthcare friends . 
  not to mention that the conservatives also do not give a shit . 
  rather than trying to dig into semantics realistically look at the difference in political climate and ask yourself `` hmm are these hard brexiters going to set us up like the netherlands and make quality of life good for people ? '', 
  yes pacts with russia have always turned out so well for poland in the past . 
  that 's the point of the guy . 
  this was the greek finance minister pointing this stuff out and saying why the eu needs these principles to be taken on board to make any long term settlement viable . 
  yes they 're literally crying into not turning into a tax haven or having to give trump handjobs for money . 
  the uk parliamentent is one of the main architects both the concepts of balancing of power and representative democracy . 
  hence why ** liberal ** democracy being the important word . 
  talking about versions of voting systems is a 4th grade understanding of the topic both the us system and the french revolutions owe influence to the concepts that came from the british parliament . 
  we can talk about the flaws of fptp all we want ( i hate it ) but the idea of a man so dangerous to centuries of work put into building up liberal democracy addressing the place where these concepts were first fully implemented and practiced is absurd . 
  tl : dr democracy is far far more than voting systems . 
  especially if one does n't understand why a voting system is a certain way . 
  which has what to do with parliament and the birth country of liberal democracy how exactly ? 
  well the law in germany says different it would seem . 
  if you demand freedom to make shit up about muslims on privately owned sites sue them, 
  great answer and contributed so much . 
  go on then ? 
  i do n't think it 's 100 % but definitely the big world leaders who are n't too controversial sometimes address parliament on the biggest state visits . 
  angela merkel also addressed the parliament fairly recently ( well 2-3 years ago ) ( and a relatively rare moment of her publically speaking english as well ) . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmusv-7bmzm ), 
  it 's one marxist activist guy with a very strange sounding obsession with scotland according to the article . 
  far less interesting than it sounds . 
  but yeah it 's kind of shitty even if i disagree with brexit myself i do n't want the uk to break up or people to be campaigning for it against the wishes of the majority of people in scotland who voted to remain in the uk ( and polling indicates would likely still remain by quite a convincing margin ) . 
  chap is of course free to do it but i 'd personally say he 's a bit of a plonker . 
  lol someone did n't read the article . 
  it 's a couple of weejieboos having a little event . 
  what 's the scottish equivalent of a weaboo ? 
  because these guy 's really like scotland to a quite creepy extent lol . 
   a `` marxist , peace activist , internationalist and trade unionist '' , he says he has been `` crazy for scotland for years '' and founded the group in 2013 . 
   he has visited scotland more than 20 times and says it feels like a `` homecoming '' every time he arrives . 
  riiiigght ... 
  they 're doing precisely the opposite of letting him say something dumb by not having him address the parliament . 
  he can be friends with theresa may and the queen and all that without dirtying up the worlds greatest democratic institution . 
  aside from some of the more delusional tories and kippers . 
  no , but they have to like him as the us is an important ally and there is local political context that has been talked about to death here that makes us pretty open ( some might day desperate ) for allies at the moment . 
  if i 'm honest i have a feeling this is the inevitable bodge that allows us to jump on trumps dick within a week of him being inaugurated but still distance ourselves from being seen to like him too much in front of the various european states that are not such great fans . 
  i really could n't give a shit . 
  anything pushing further towards a single payer healthcare system is a win for everyone according to all statistics . 
  trump is not going to do that . 
  thus hilary is the better candidate on healthcare . 
  you just said there are no positives and i gave you some . 
  trump is a shit person and all you can talk about is how the losing candidate from an election that happened 3 months ago is flawed because you got triggered by a joke summarising the stupidity of people . 
  may i recommend you get a life and start finding better arguments than `` but i do n't like hilary '' 3 million more people did than trump at the end of the day . 
  i 'll be honest mate i 've answered your question from a perspective of experience and even linked mark zuckerberg talking about his own companies policy on it to which you 're saying `` nope not real '' . 
  i think what you really want me to say is `` yeah you should totally be free to demean people anonymously and fuck the facts even when proven . '', 
  i 'm the one putting in all the effort sourcing things and you 're just saying `` no it isnt real '' everytime i show you evidence and reason it through . 
  if you think facebooks policy is shit then go complain at them . 
   you have no defense of hillary without pointing to trump . 
  well knowing what the seperation of powers is , understanding the constitution , working on extending obamacare and not going off on rants about how everyone is about to get them every 15 minutes all seem like very positive strong points . 
  but as said if you want to talk in depth and re-right the election and pretend hilary was n't a completely and utterly superior candidate and person to donald trump then go off to r/politicaldiscussion . 
  i 'm not spending hours talking about her bloody emails again or refighting the republican benghazi enquiries . 
  i 'm just making a joke that summarises how delusional the people who got hung up on all of that made up shit are . 
  and you 're actually responding beautifully coming flying in with `` but she wasnt a perfect candidate ! '', 
  thus implying trump is anything more than incompetent and mentally unbalanced . 
  if it lets you feel smart go for it . 
  i 'll be honest i 'm genuinely thinking that my joke is actually going to be used as a negotiating strategy by david davis when he 's negotiating these severance payments . 
  we do n't use euros so our $ contribution is 0 . 
  checkmate eu . 
  indeed it is interesting and important . 
  but when i say farm-work apprenticeship scheme i meant fruit picking in the context of how the dwp would use it .
