  youd think people wouldve learned by now that right wing reactionary candidates suddenly spouting progressive sounding stuff are going to drop it the moment theyve got into power . 
  gay people who voted trump got mike `` electroshock '' pence , indians who voted brexit believing no more freedom of movement meant more indian and pakistani immigration got told to fuck off etc. 
  forgetting `` oh no we just want to invest more money in the nhs '' anti-immigration and reactionary movents spouting progressive sounding stuff are going to drop everything that isnt convenient the moment they win . 
  voting for reactionary populists and hoping they just go for other groups reactionaries dont like is never going to turn out well . 
  having your rights taken away by people of the same race to head off an impossible chance of them being taken away by people of a different race is foolish . 
   all you did was handwaving . 
  yeah well stephen hawking supports my theory . 
  i do n't actually have any source showing it but here 's a link to his website lol which proves my point [ source ] ( http://www.hawking.org.uk/ ), 
  that 's not how sourcing works at all lol . 
  i ca n't just link to a blog by a random economist and say `` yeah this guy says some shit that totes backs me up and he 's smart that beats what you 're saying '', 
  the analysis `` earnings of undocumented immigrants '' is completely irrelevant it 's about undocumented workers which is a completely different context to it compared to long-term migrants living within the german system and protected by minimum wage protections etc. 
  in fact if you control + f the paper the word `` remittance '' and `` sending '' does n't even appear in it . 
  just mentioning someone smart and then providing something completely irrelevant written by them is n't sourcing an argument that goes completely against all logic . 
  tl : dr that which can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence . 
   depends on the migrants , but usually they keep local consumption to a minimum ; and within their migrating community . 
  which is still in the country and which then also gets spent in the country by the shop owner . 
   roughly speaking , let 's say 0.90 stays locally in one case vs 0.55 staying locally , to be consumed in the migrant community . 
  that is a completely ludicrous figure where are you getting this from ? 
   putting pressure down on low qualification salaries tiny amounts at best as most do not compete for the same jobs . 
   increased welfare spending to support the native population losing their job  increased welfare spending to support the migrant here 's schrodingers immigrant again , which is it ? 
   and i have n't even talked about the cultural cost ( fancy yourself some burkinis ? , some ak47 rampages maybe ? ) . 
  massively overstated by the same people who think immigrant remittances are a significant issue . 
  the paper you link is about undocumented workers in the us not immigrants in the uk . 
  you 're also seamlessly conflating the refugee crisis with long-term migrant populations with eu freedom of movement . 
  just chucking out buzzwords about burkinis and terrorism commited by radicalised second-third generation citizens does n't actually say anything . 
  they normally vote by post or appoint a proxy to vote instead of them ( or at least that 's how you normally vote from abroad most places ) . 
  as said to do that we start searching all mail coming in from turkey for illegal voting papers . 
  so now we have created a system where all mail from turkey is being searched , so then they route mail through other countries , so now we 're having to scan all of that mail too . 
  so to head off an authoritarian we effectively re-create the stasi . 
  perhaps they can vote in the turkish embassy ( i know danish people can ) but as said you shut that down you 've still got the problem of them just voting by posts . 
  even if you do all of this shit then you 've still not solved the actual problem here which is erodgan whipping up nationalism not a bunch of the turkish version of uninformed hicks . 
  akp voters , brexit voters , trump voters etc they 're all an outcome of the same issues of nationalism being used to whip up the disaffected and those who feel left behind by the modern world . 
  stopping people voting does fuck all and will likely add to their grievances . 
  a final issue as well is even if you may dislike the politics of akp voters just like aforementioned similar political movements you ca n't start fucking with the politics of people living in your country . 
  you effectively have to criminalise the whole of a nationality as you ca n't possibly know who 's voting akp and who is n't . 
  e.g i voted in the brexit referendum by post if the german government was stopping me from taking part in politics in an attempt to make things more favourable to what they wanted then they could n't possibly know how i was going to vote , and banning everyone from voting out of fear of leave voters would 've been counter-productive . 
  do migrants not buy things in a local area like everyone else ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  no you do n't but the uk is already in the eu , meets all standards as a member and contributes a lot to budget . 
  you remove the variable of this brexit thing ( as it would have to be in this super theoretical near impossible situation where the uk does this and does n't actually just accept freedom of movement and join the eea type agreement talked about before the referendum ) then what actually makes sense here ? 
  create a hard brexit just to provide some good political posturing based on a vote based on lies 2 years ago ? 
  no-one is just accepting it though ? 
  they 're telling him this is a silly and incorrect thing and to be quiet . 
  as said if they reacted to insults with something then just like with brexiters over gibraltar and trump over `` le media bullying me '' he 'll just start playing the victim . 
  post-fact assholes can only be fought against by sticking to high standards and letting them hang themselves anything else is a waste of time . 
   insults that 's all they are . 
  if he does anything concrete in actions then the eu will do something . 
   i guess they are more economically dependent on the eu than the other way around . 
  the eu can destroy turkey economically in a matter of months . 
  russia has been in recession for 2 years or so now and that 's likely to get worse if they 're genuinely mad at the americans over the syria stuff and russia is a larger and more self-sustaining economy with natural reserves of oil . 
  as said over-reacting to some jumped up idiot is the only reaction in this situation where erdogan does n't look like a petulant little fool whereas insulting him back demeans the countries of the eu to his level . 
   brussels has not listened at all . 
  what the hell does this mean ? 
  brussels can not do anything without at least someone supporting it from the country level and pushing it as policy . 
  hence why nothing has happened on this for years . 
   why the fuck ca n't germany , the netherlands , austria , france , etc strip their turkish citizens ' ability to vote in turkey 's elections ? 
  how would you go about this ? 
  turkey decides whos votes to count . 
  unless you 're going to physically stop turkish citizens voting which seems like creating a pretty dark and scary power . 
   ou literally said yes to letting every 3 mps in parliament veto anything . 
  since golden dawn have more than 3 mps , they get to veto anything . 
  maybe slavery would still have gone away eventually , but it would have taken much longer . 
  how is it a straw man ? 
  yes but your question was in the uk . 
  in the uk we have a system where constituencies are represented by their mps who are elected by the people of the constituency . 
  greece has a different system . 
  i gave my reasoning in the answer that it would make local represntation more meaningful . 
  you ' r clearly not discussing in good faith when you ask one thing and then trumphantly proclaim i support it in entirely different circumstances . 
   it 's not authoritarian to want 97 % of the eu supporting something to mean that the eu should support it . 
  that 's democracy . 
  normal eu business is qmv not unanimity . 
  unanimity is only for the biggest issues like membership applications and foreign policy . 
   but the eu can not kick them out , so what do they have to fear from `` pressure '' ? 
  states can have voting and representational rights withdrawn under [ article 7 ] ( https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/consolidated_version_of_the_treaty_on_european_union/title_i:_common_provisions#article_7 ) . 
  i do n't know where you learnt this but it is incorrect . 
  it 's being mentioned as an action to take against poland by a few people right now actually . 
   not anymore . 
  we consented to the eu 's laws overall , we certainly did n't agree with every single one of them . 
  that 's called democracy . 
  though again i 'm confused how this is an argument of yours when in the first sentence you 're saying nothing can pass because anyone can stop anything . 
   i do n't even know what that means . 
  it means that you 're acting as if the eu has a mind of it 's own , all it is is a talking shop where a load of different countries agree by a certain set of behaviours . 
  the eus behaviour is an aggragation of the countries that make it up . 
   as i said , it 's quite likely that far left and far right parties continue gaining power in europe , you are a lot more optimistic about the chances of the post-fact parties than most people are at the moment . 
  brexit and trump seem to have killed enthusiasm for people with loose grasps on reality but many big promises . 
  certainly france and germany you are likely to be very dissapointed . 
   and we should n't want them to have veto power . 
  wait why not though ? 
  if they win fair and square ( as said unlikely ) then you think we should just start ignoring the countries ? 
  that seems very un-democratic . 
  you ca n't just have democracy but only for people you agree with . 
   we have already seen how impotent the eu is in responding to crises due to the necessity of `` broad and deep consent '' . 
  so what you 're saying is the eu should be integrating further and having more power to deal with large international crises ? 
  what are are you an eu federalist wanting an undemocratic superstate now ? 
   holy shit i did n't believe you would actually admit it . 
  we 'd still have slavery and women would n't have the right to vote under your system !, 
  you would let golden dawn have a veto in the greek parliament ? 
  every government in the world would be paralysed . 
  why stop there ? 
  if you need unanimity to pass bills in parliament , why not require unanimity to form a government ?
