  seeing as it 's the same mix of genetics as most of europe and probably even more diverse than most . 
  but thats the unfair nature of stereotypes i guess ... 
  anyway i 'm going to go outside and drink a beer and throw a chair at some policeman . 
  this is the bit that bugs me . 
  while i 'm not on the brexit side i can get that if sovereignty really does outweigh everything else in cost benefits analysis then yeah the obvious choice for you is to vote out . 
  but this delusion that there are no consequences and economics and politics do n't real is just ridiculous . 
  especially when anyone who does think this through is isntantly shouted down as a fear-monger for commiting blasphemy against everything being perfect . 
  omg stop fearmongering . 
  if britain becomes more hard and expensive to do business in there is literally no reason international companies would move . 
  i do n't know how you can possibly make that connection other than as shameless remain propaganda . 
  yeah i think there 's a lot of people on remain who are also a bit confused by what the eu actually does too . 
  as said all i want is a hard minimum standard . 
  we may well have more in our law right now but a ) many countries do n't and could try and undercut our labour in a race to the bottom b ) as said it 's a minimum , and we may not always have these greater protections ( framed very nicely by the current governments assault on workers ) . 
  not much else to think if there are people who do n't understand being a coalition minority partner means you do n't get to enact your policies . 
  i do n't hold all voters in contempt just the ones with a moronic way of thinking . 
  when was he in power ? 
  he was in a coalition with a right wing party . 
  and i think in the context of the uk an economically sensible free-market government which was restrained from going crazy with surveillance legislation and political cuts was probably one of the best governments we 've had in recent times . 
  i think he 's worth listening to . 
  i think you 're showing the problem of people expecting him to be something he was n't just like a lot of people in america were dissapointed that obama did n't solve all their problems . 
  what benefit is there of not putting a fork in the plug socket next to me ? 
  you 're just listing the punishments of electricity without actually giving the benefits of not putting a fork in the plug socket you fear monger . 
  there 's a show called game of thrones that 's pretty much all british that might disagree with you there . 
  although in serious talk if you have a generally fitter population you 're going to have more attractive people in terms of `` i would sleep with them '' . 
  and we are a pretty lardy country statistically . 
  you 're living in the benefits of it at the moment if you 're in the uk . 
  if you 've ever bought anything , had a job , breathed air , travelled or whatever it 's improved co-operation with other countries has benefited you . 
  the specifics have been stated over and over again but it 's just met with `` do n't real ! '', 
  or `` what about this one specific regulation i do n't directly benefit from '' or `` we 'll do our own trade deals where we will never have to compromise with anyone ! '', 
  ( often very actually in caps ) people seem to simueltaneously think that the eu is like the royal family or something and does n't do anything while controlling everything we do which to me is a pretty classic sign that somethings getting screwed up in the debate . 
   and nobody cares what nick clegg thinks about anything anymore . 
  which sort of shows the calibre of our voters that we disregard all opinions from a sensible centre right politician with an understanding of individual freedoms and socially responsible capitalism . 
  because tuitition fees and that we ca n't wrap our heads around the concept of a coalition . 
  i ca n't imagine us blaming the eu for uk government problems . 
  or our politicians using it as a convenient scapegoat . 
  how much would the eu have to do to protect more though ? 
  if they actually imposed ( for examples sake ) frances levels of worker protections then we would have a freak out about over-regulation and brussels control and would actually have a point . 
  i think people are expecting the eu to be doing things they are n't meant to do . 
  as much as everyone says they 're controlling everything this is a good example of how subsidiarity works in practice . 
  personally i 'm happy enough that they gurantee a minimum level ( which is still more than the us for example ) . 
  and then any extra protections a national government can add in . 
  not particularly `` left wing '' granted but i 'm comfortable enough with a centre right framework that 's not a race to the bottom with working conditions . 
  it 's not as if they 're stopping anyone having extended worker protections . 
  indeed the guy fits the profile of angry nutter . 
  if it was n't the eu it 's something else . 
  transplant the same people to america they 're angry about mexicans and the liberal media . 
  hey . 
  theres a reason americans are freaking out that all their hollywood lead men are british at the moment . 
  we have the scandis and germans to thank for it knocking up all the women on their travels . 
  although yes britain first supporters and hooligans do often have a very trollish appearance . 
  well good luck with fisting ourselves in the ass economically then . 
  i 'll be pissed as i 'm working in germany but that can at least be handled . 
  what exactly do you propose then as our outcome ? 
  worth noting but this was and is done in germany and the uk ( you often see these types of rooms at airports ) . 
  there 's a controversy at berlin university and a few others ( i live in ber ) that the uni shut all the shared prayer spaces as they were being dominated by islamic students and they were trying to enforce male/female segregation etc. 
  basically the rooms were creating more problems than they solved . 
  feel free to move to a country where religion is more important than education then . 
  hardly seems arguable if it applies for other religions too . 
  this is the bit i do n't get , the uk economy is strong enough to weather short term slow-down due to a brexit ( the point escapes me for the moment but let 's just go with it ) . 
  why are we pretending that nothing will happen though ? 
  it 's almost like the inverse of that heuteshow sketch with extrawurst . 
  i do n't even know what they want anymore if i 'm honest i 'm really burnt out on this shit and stopped giving a crap . 
  as far as i know some of them want norways deal without freedom of movement or paying into the market and the rest are sort of scattered around switzerland or canadian type deals that somehow do n't have any of the disadvantages or compromises because british power or something . 
  if i was going to negotiate for brexit i would honestly just take a canadian type deal and deal with the inevitable tarrifs . 
  ideally focusing on service and financial industries for the most concessions as that 's one of the more important parts of the economy . 
  if i do n't like the common market i do n't get why i 'd suddenly be pushing to retain full access . 
  this is the bit i 'm still not getting . 
  if we re-applied there is fuck all chance of either escaping freedom of movement or retaining the exemptions and rebates we currently have . 
  for christs sake im on the remain side and i could do brexit better than the brexit campaign . 
  nah it 's been ruled out . 
  at some point people have to make a grown up decision with no take-backsies . 
  bojo was trying to float this as some bullshit option as if us threatening to leave every year is somehow a viable plan . 
  as said i do n't give a crap with the nutter wing . 
  you can give all the evidence and arguments in the world and you 'll just get `` no this !, 
  i dont like those facts '' . 
  there is n't a debate to be had , and then they 'll cry about you being mean or conceited or whatever . 
  as said , i do n't give a crap . 
  yet again i 've made the mistake of answering a question with an answer you do n't like . 
  tough shit unfortunately . 
  as said there is n't any point , i 'm just providing my reasoning why i do n't bother rather than yelling `` no this '' whenever anyone makes a point . 
  where did anyone say that ? 
  i 'm just talking about thick people . 
  stop being so sensitive . 
  as said people do n't want to be convinced or listen . 
  there is nothing left to say to loonies other than make jokes about how we 'll power the economy with crumpets and patriotism . 
  or how we 'll get the same trade agreement as norway but not have to have freedom of movement as well . 
  or how we 'll somehow get a better trade deal from large countries when negotiating as a weaker economic entity . 
  it 's farce at this point . 
  there is n't any point for the people who do n't want to think it through and dont know any facts but just want to yell about le turkish somehow coming in despite everyone veto-ing them . 
  as said i can absolutely respect people who actually want to have a debate and i was on the fence for a fair while . 
  but some people seem to think that just yelling buzzwords the loudest and most aggressively somehow constitutes a debate . 
  and then when the logical argument is lost they just do what you do and cry that having a weak argument pointed out is somehow insulting . 
  as said `` i do n't like your answer lalalala i 'm not listening , everything will be great '', 
  that sums it up perfectly . 
  you got an answer and then you react with `` nah i do n't like that answer , i 'm going to go with my version '' it 's exactly the same as the crazier wing of the scot-nats . 
  because after a while you just get sick of any logical argument being completely ignored . 
  there is n't anything left to say to people who wo n't listen to any reasoning and are convinced that statistics are some sort of conspiracy . 
  the brexit demographic out in force . 
  definitely not embarassing at all . 
  ok if you want to be pedantic but united statasian doesnt roll of the tongue very well :p,
