  but it is in the public interest to know how some person who supposedly owns only a small launderette is declaring 1,000,000 of income a year . 
  it is how you make it harder for organised crime or drug money/corruption to be hidden in the country . 
  contrast this with when ukraine recently declared it and they have `` public servants '' who are using their positions to skim off absolutely obscene amounts of public money . 
  as said though just saying `` bias bias bias '' is n't the same as a paper reporting things and having an openly stated viewpoint in their editorial section . 
  bias is when someone is pretending to be fact based but then completely twisting facts out of all porportion in order to make facts look different . 
  e.g `` we 're from europe '' or portraying all muslims as illegal refugee terrorists . 
  i 'm not whining it 's a joke . 
  jumping down someones throat for putting it clearly in quote marks is only making yourself look like a tit . 
  whereas of course the daily mail and the sun etc are well known for being extremely measured and mature about any idea to the left of hitler . 
  oh just something amusing about a lot of british people being super sensitive to take jokes made about us now after the brexit thing . 
  probably a bit meta lol . 
  some guy posted a thread here saying `` i do n't feel welcome anymore because everyone generalising about british people being stupid after brexit . 
  and it turns out this guy was a ukip supporter and posted about how romanians have ruined his town and he 's uncomfortable hearing other languages and generalised about everyone else in europe . 
  the hypocrisy made a lot of peoples heads explode . 
  waah ' i dont feel welcome anymore ' / s, 
  breitbart said it once . 
  that isnt profiling though thats just enforcing the law properly against known criminals . 
  noone credible has an objection to that . 
  just stopping people for `` looking criminal '' though ( aka black/arabic ) is where it starts to get a bit silly if not done right . 
  youre using how people live in refugee camps as a guide to what the country is like normally . 
  and youre ignoring evidence that syria did not have some completely backwards economy ( hence requiring educated people ) . 
  plus the obvious bit that the upper classes and middle classes were leaving ages ago as they have the means . 
  you very clearly have a conclusion before the evidence . 
  hence why im saying you sound racist because you want to just group a whole bunch of people together based on some characteristic even in the face of evidence . 
   by trolls i mean paid ones , not just complete assholes . 
  as said theres the trolls/paid ones and the gullible who are doing it to be assholes . 
  e.g it 's very obvious when russian trolls are still trying to claim ukraine shot down mh17 or whatever with a plain that ca n't even fly that high . 
  i 'd agree that most likely the magnitude difference is different . 
  however i really am quite curious about it as you ca n't know . 
  but stuff like `` sweden is in a race war '' etc and stuff that 's properly out there . 
  e.g when i see reporting on dodgy areas of berlin where there has always been crime and suddenly it 's a refugee sharia state or whatever then i do wonder where it comes from . 
  certainly there is a lot of work going into undermining angela merkel and eu unity , and there is a lot of stuff going into hacking hilary clinton and making sure the inexperienced and easily manipulated guy is in power . 
  and most important it 's the difference in how this is talked about in english versus in other languages that makes me wonder . 
  as said , simply no way to know 100 % but would be interesting . 
  kinda makes sense `` fee fie foe fum i smell the blood of an englishman '' is in jack and the beanstalk ( why the fuck do i remember that ? ), 
  interesting anyway thanks . 
  yeah in a state of hubris i ordered level 4 once having gotten used to 3 . 
  i regretted eating those in front of a girl i with a girl i was hooking up with at the time tears are not a good look but super nice and i dont know what mutant us steroid chickens they were but the wings were huge . 
  theyll need their guns to defend themselves from glasweigans . 
  `` eesti can finally into nordics ! '', 
  `` how tell eesti nordics not exist since last week ? '', 
  no were not doing risk in real life . 
  i 'm split on this . 
  the us has gone in pretty hard on bp over oil spills which did hurt global pensions and they had no chill on fifa for example . 
  i think the american feds are crazy enough to do it if ( as you say ) it looks even vaguely recoverable . 
  obviously if the germans have to bail it out that 'll blowback on them so i think you 're right there . 
  i think they know how to prepare a lot of meats better . 
  schweinhaxe etc is absolutely perfectly cooked pork with a really crispy skin . 
  sauerbraten is marinated beefs as a german replier mentioned . 
  it 's interesting , i like it ( in particular i love that pork belly is so cheap in germany relative to the uk still ) but it 's just a different place . 
  you have `` continental '' cuts , we do it closer to the americans ( or the americans do it closer to us ) . 
  rib roasts etc are a very different way to cut the cow , and unfortunately i do n't know enough to know why it 's a thing . 
  meh german beer is still fantastic i 'm drinking paulaner helles right now , love it and i 'm used to it and when i go back to the uk you notice the quality drop ( and im kind of curious why only really becks , bitburger and warsteiner are the big beers you can find in supermarkets from germany ) . 
  but yeah it 's kind of hard to get `` interesting '' stuff , even here in berlin there 's only a scattering of shops selling ipas craft beers and other stuff and everyone seems to look down on weizenbier . 
  british thinking is me claiming we invented the currywurst in a similar manner . 
  so glad al murray got brought in . 
  mexico 4 eurovision, 
  but surely if we wipe out sweden and norway the levels of smug in europe go down by 100 % ? 
  that 's the spirit . 
  that 's what makes it funny . 
  we make mexico european and wind up the argentinians . 
  seeing as the plan is to kick the uk out and replace us with mexico the only way the uk will agree to that is to fuck with argentina . 
  [ mfw people suggest the uk still being in control of northern ireland does n't make any sense ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-td_7oil8nxa/unkkvacskni/aaaaaaaagjm/wf3xoj7ht60/s1600/blackadder+christmas24.jpg ) we 're still a great world spanning empire and an important country dontchaknow !? 
  fee , fie , foe , fum ; ok this sounds like bullshit but also incredibly interesting . 
  is there a credible source on it ? 
  please tell me you are n't just fucking with people . 
  [ sure thing , we 'll leave plenty of british cold weather clothing lol ] ( http://newcastleuncovered.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/geordie-snow-3.jpg ), 
   will you leave northern ireland btw ? 
  [ absolutely not ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/vk7vesvyzewui/giphy.gif ), 
  sweet . 
  so can the uk have the sombreros then if mexico wo n't be needing them in its new ice age ? 
  we 'll leave behind plenty of pac-a-macs and umbrellas . 
  we have hadrians wall already , it 's already built in . 
  and we 'll sell scotland to the us to pay for it as they both love mel gibsons version of braveheart so much . 
  i 'm all in favour of this . 
  better weather , more south american women cheaper cocaine and cocktails ( was going to say tequila and mexican food but i just realised mexico wo n't be there anymore ) only downside is we have to change the queens name to elisabeth but ca n't have everything i guess . 
  it 's a chance to do over the mistakes made with australia where we sent all our criminals to the paradise with the nice weather rather than us all moving there and sending our criminals back to the uk . 
  i actually live in berlin and spent a fair amount of time around bavaria/francony a while so i am very aware of the high points of german food ( i actually really like sch\u00e4ferle i was just being mean ) . 
  this is kind of my point . 
  british and german cuisine are incredibly similar . 
  e.g to take your sauerbraten it 's similar to a roast beef with different sides ( we normally have roast potatoes instead of klo\u00df for example , roast potatoes most likely being a bastardisation of french fondant potatoes in terms of how they 're cooked ) . 
  the uk has different cuts ( e.g a rib joint is pretty hard to find in germany ) but the principle of `` braten '' vs roasting is largely similar . 
   and no pies ? 
  there are tons of german classics like the `` schwarzw\u00e4lder kirchtorte '' pie in this case refers to hot food type pie . 
  e.g chicken and mushroom pie or steak and ale pie  and we also have the best sausages and beer . 
  that 's fighting talk on sausages . 
  beer undisputably though . 
  although i still think that 's cheating as the purity laws basically means the bavarians are writing the rules . 
  comparing the british specialties of ale and cider against pils and helles is like comparing apples and oranges . 
  i 'm not even going to try and explain black pudding . 
  i 'll never understand the north either . 
  is that actually going to do them in though ? 
  it 's mentioned specifically in the article but i 'm curious if the us/the banking authority has the stones to pull a full wildcard and actually collapse a bank that will likely screw a whole load of their banks too . 
  as said i 've been aware of deutsche bank in trouble but i 'm way behind on the specifics of this outside of the generalised stuff i 've been hearing `` shits going down ! '', 
  from the internet every couple of months for a year now so i got tired eventually . 
   although brexit provided enough cover to obtain some external assistance . 
  uk to the rescue of the european project , hurrah for us !, 
  no thanks necessary guys . 
  i did try chips a couple of times in holland , did n't immediately die of a coronary eating them 1/10 . 
  we execute the concept better .
