  we can change them but that is a deliberate process based on a wider principle . 
  mainly laws . 
  we dont just remove the laws if we dont like a person . 
  trust me pc is so far from peoples minds, 
   why is london suddenly the place where cocaine is used the most ? 
  extremely rich city with many on high incomes , island closest to columbia lot of drugs come through meaning they 're generally cheaper and better quality , lot of bankers and wealthy people . 
  large clubbing scene so young people use it too . 
  i 'm still not understanding . 
  as said what you do on your public profile reflects on you . 
  e.g if i get my dick out near a junior school or suck a mans dick under a bridge and get filmed . 
  those will both reflect on me . 
  this is n't any one person enforcing an opinion on people like the `` under putin everything is great '' thing . 
  as said it just is n't the same game . 
  the beer bikes ... beer bikes everywhere !, 
  nah it 's not that bad , my personal theory is that we get blamed for everyone who does n't speak german so speaks english instead . 
  as someone living in another stag party city ( berlin ) ... do n't be those people . 
  it gives the rest of us brits a bad rep. just get really drunk quietly and subtly like the rest of the europeans, 
  i do n't get the problem here . 
  if i was in a job and called my co-worker a slut i could probably expect to be fired under normal circumstances anyway . 
  every single one of those is an example of someone who has views based on hatred having bad things happen . 
  internet lynch mobs are complicated i agree . 
  but if i declared myself a nazi and started hailing hitler everywhere i went i probably would n't last long in my job either if i was in a customer service role . 
  yet again you 're trying to equate this really badly . 
  at the end of the day all pc means is that people who did n't get a voice before ( aka non-white non-male ) now get to have their opinions heard which can be uncomfortable if you 're used to not having someone replying . 
   do you honestly believe that bullying by the society is somehow better than bullying by the government ? 
  no and not only that , but i did n't say that anywhere . 
  you 're just grasping at straws to claim that it 's oppression or bullying that a black person might call you an asshole if you call them a nigger . 
  these anti-pc people who claim people should stop feeling victimised by rude words seem to have the biggest fucking victim mentality ever . 
  imagine a normal british stag party in warsaw and multiply the violence and alcohol consumption by 20 . 
  enjoy :p, 
  while being possibly the most extreme scenario . 
  that 's called a consequence . 
  you are allowed to say it , but not everyone has to clap and congratulate you . 
  i think there 's a problem with twitter mobs too and internet drama but that is n't the same as being found dead in a ditch for pissing off the wrong people or fearing that someone is going to look at your response on a private survey as here . 
  this actually happens to critical journalists even today or the harrasment endured by stasi victims in germany . 
  it just is n't the same league , it 's not even the same sport . 
  do n't think it 's a huge effort to get british squaddies to a country with cheap alcohol , decent nightlife and hot women . 
  i could literally walk out of my office here in berlin go out on the street and yell `` i hate muslims and refugees '' and nothing would happen , i could say `` i fucking hate the immigrants '' in every convo . 
  at worst someone would call me a racist or i 'd get told off by the police and told to quiet down . 
  there are no pc thugs on the streets , no-one informing on you to authorities , no-one was found dead in a ditch for speaking out against pc . 
  just pack in the little bitch victim mentality . 
  [ triggered ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hocklnsolc ), 
  that 's another argument , but my main point is that no-one in business has ever gone `` ooh that guy 's a bit dodgy on another issue '' . 
  and refused to trade . 
  hence how absolutely disgusting dictatorships continue to function . 
  us withdrawing from a human rights act is embarassing but pretty low level on the scale of crimes against humanity . 
  [ the music playing in my head as a brit when immigration , human rights and the eu all come up in a single thread . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nugm9syqfvk ), 
  in fairness id say its a stretch to say that a uk law that is codifying european law is completely seperate . 
  theres strong arguments but that isnt one of them . 
  well thats the most moronic generalisation ive read today . 
  and thats even in the middle of an immigration thread . 
  polling would disagree . 
  even in the face of bait articles about immigrants etc its still hovering around 50/50, 
   leave all treaties and lose business . 
  im anti the uk leaving treaties but lol at the thought of anyone in business giving a crap about treaties . 
  see every oil state ever . 
  a ) this hasnt been done yet , a stay could be put on them while its appealed b ) the issue isnt four guys . 
  but the thousands the would use this precedent to jump the queue . 
  you should say 10 $ and watch the freak out . 
  too late british eu-blame-boner already engaged . 
   spitfire shooting crumpets love this, 
   norwegian part of me did you swallow last night ? 
  good banter ? 
  american flag ?!, 
  what 's going on here ? 
  honestly maybe i 'm more pessimistic . 
  but the papers would lie like hell before and get away with it , where the hell was anyone else going to get information from ? 
  i think the market determines what we get . 
  and the closest thing to a large relatively neutral one is the bbc ( watch the downvotes come flying in now from people on both left and right ) . 
  and the other notable one is factcheck.org and fullfact . 
  both of which are very small websites and compared to the opinionated news `` unsuccesful '' . 
  the news is out there . 
  but it 's always going to have a bias on it . 
  as long as you 're aware of it i do n't think it 's exactly the end of the world . 
  well this is the point , how far do you go back ? 
  i would say it 's best to look at it politically rather than getting into the ethnicity argument . 
  in my opinion i would go back to about the first foundations of the country as a state . 
  which in my opinion would put it back to somewhere between 600-1066 ad due to harold the great and/or the normans and the creation of the domesday book and the first vaguely recognisable english monarchy . 
  at this point the celts are n't the only significant influence . 
  in fairness activist press is pretty much anything outside of `` x event happened at x time today '' pretty much any word you put into that statement can be intepreted as you putting your bias in . 
  i do n't think your idealised factual only reporting exists , that or it never existed outside of specialised scientific journals . 
  edit : removed double negative, 
  weird mix of scandinavian from the norse who settled , celtic and the normans / settlers from what 's now known as france makes up the bulk of the rest for the people who built up the current country of england and its history . 
  bit of a minefield as it depends on how far you go back and what you mean by the uk but i 'd argue that that explains about 80 % of it . 
  does n't seem exactly surprising reading the article i thought this was common knowledge that the `` native '' english/british are a mix of saxons scandis and normans depending on area . 
  what is that as a percentage ? 
  seems low . 
  i know we 're all used to wildly inflated figures from breitbart and the usual copypaste sources but that 's like really low . 
  i do n't think that 's the same as not being involved . 
  the uk voted to join in with airstrikes on syria as an ally of france ( two years after they were incredibly close to bombing assad the first time with the us when assad was massacring everyone and creating the current civil war . ) . 
  and russia ukraine that depends on your view but the general consensus was the uk and us were taking a more aggressive approach on ukraine ( [ not ruling out intervention ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/ukraine/11404010/britain-not-ruling-out-providing-lethal-force-in-ukraine.html ) , [ serious proposals for arms deliveries ] ( http://news.sky.com/story/1432020/ex-army-head-uk-should-consider-arming-ukraine ) ) ) some interpreting that as playing bad cop in co-operation with france and germany . 
  in eastern europe it 's the british who are most likely going to be deploying troops into poland if a nato presence is set-up there . 
  and it 's the british who are training troops in ukraine now . 
  to give counter-examples the uk has made some ( and controversial ) huge steps with diplomacy with china making itself one of their biggest investment partners bringing in chinese nuclear power . 
  specific cases aside isolationist is definitely the wrong word to describe uk foreign policy . 
  there 's a case i 'd say to be made that the uk is n't very `` helpful '' when it comes to being in a united team when it comes to europe ( e.g germany redistribution plans for refugees ) . 
  but that i would n't say is necessarily always a bad thing . 
  ( in that case the uk was pursuing a strategy of stemming the flow of refugees in turkey ) . 
  you do n't have to do much digging to see our tabloids are always very forgetful when it comes to their history and their real loyalties to defending british values,
