  uk citizens lose rights , large parts of service sector lose market access - uk walks out no trade deal , has to go around giving handjobs to everyone in the world for trade terms even people who hate us , tries to be a tax haven , shit-show for british people - eu countries all agree to shoot themselves in the face to give uk a superior trade deal . 
  we also know what the effect of brexiter arrogance has been . 
  no one has been intimidated and there is no salami slicing effect . 
  so yeah true this is a case of ` let 's wait and see what happens ' but this is a person standing in front of a train coming towards them while saying ` oh look that trains 1km away dw , that trains only 900m away dont worry , oh it 's only 800m away you ca n't be so sure it 'll be bad ' . 
  and once it happens then all the brexit backers and suporters will just dissapear just like all the iraq war supporters dissapeared when all the warnings were proved right . 
  the funders and tabloid backers meanwhile already know it 's a failure hence the campaign to blame the eu countries for being vindictive ( not giving us everything we want ) and create massive grievances , even before , as you say , negotiations have started . 
  just like people informed on the topic said way before brexit that they would n't allow cherry picking and the money for the nhs was a pipe dream to shouts of ` project fear ' . 
  this argument of ` oh we ca n't know this despite all of the evidence reminds me of [ this amusing onion piece ] ( http://www.theonion.com/multiblogpost/this-war-will-destabilize-the-entire-mideast-regio-11534 ) from the time of the iraq war . 
   the exchange rates ? 
  be specific . 
  yes the exchange rates and all of the consequences stemming from a sudden currency devaluation . 
  the ones that first were n't going to happen then they did and brexiters were putting their fingers in their ears and going ` lalalala exports are up lalala it 's all ok ' until it turned out that was n't ok and now they 're claiming it was all intentional anyway . 
   the negotiations have n't started yet . 
  why is this hard to understand ? 
  the uk has made no demands to date . 
  i 'm saying the uk has already pissed away it 's diplomatic capital with stupid statements , machismo posturing and sabre-rattling before negotiations even started . 
  you can sit around and scream ` we didnt do nuffin ' ! ', 
  till your face turns blue but this is the simple fact of the matter on the other side . 
  reality does not bend to the will of brexiters just as it does n't for the other post-fact movement of trump . 
  and the reaction of the uks politicians egged on by the press of getting angry and blaming everyone else is n't helping . 
   the uk refuses to guarantee citizens rights unilaterally , and that has nothing to do with the above quote . 
  it has everything to do with the above quote , that refusal to make any diplomatic goodwill and be perceived as putting peoples lives on the table has cost any tolerance or goodwill from other countries . 
  the uk is like a guy a party who 's drunkenly shat on the carpet and is then getting angry at people for not agreeing that it 's good banter . 
   you made the assertion , and i 've asked you to explain it . 
  i do not need to provide counter-evidence as you have no yet managed to do so . 
  happy to do so if you ever explain yourself , and also happy to change my mind if i agree with your points . 
  as said these goal posts seem to just keep shifting at the speed of light now if i have to fill in the gaps for you . 
   eh , no idea what you 're on about . 
  i 've never mentioned gibraltar , why bring it up ? 
  because it sparked a load of brexiters off like michael howard saying stupid stuff . 
  it 's shit diplomacy and people are n't giving the uk the benefit of the doubt at the moment because the brexiters were such arsehats when they were still under some delusion of advantage . 
  this is what social safety nets are for though . 
  leaving the eu does nothing about immigration from the rest of the world ( which the tories currently show little genuine sign of wanting to cut ) and just limits working abroad to rich people and those who are in demand at the current moment in time . 
  this is why poverty is so bad in the uk at the bottom compared to other western european countries . 
  vote leave was the official leave campaign , mainly consisting of conservatives and some labourites led by boris johnson and generally talking about softer brexit and claiming economic benefits etc. 
  they made the 350m claim leave.eu was the unofficial campaign led by nigel farage that campaigned more on immigration and was more populist in its rhetoric . 
   there wo n't be a sudden change that disrupts the economy . 
  there was  we will talk to our friends in europe and discuss the best way to agree a new uk-eu relationship . 
  discussion = making demands that we have everything the same as before and throwing a tantrum when rebuffed as they do n't make sense . 
  just watch how blatantly they 're moving now to blame the eu countries for everything when before we were supposedly in such a good negotiating position that they 'd have to give us the same deal . 
   when we do make changes we will make them carefully . 
  i do n't know what careful means but slagging everyone off and threatening other countries with becoming a tax haven and screwing everyone over and not guranteeing eu citizens rights is not careful by my understanding of english that 's just pointless pissing away of much needed political capital . 
   perhaps , but you 've not gone any way to show me that the quote is incorrect i 've pointed you to clear evidence of economic disruption and a lack of carefulness by brexiters . 
  you refuse to accept it as evidence without providing any counter evidence of your own that being seen sabre rattling over gibraltar is actually being careful . 
  well you 've missed the effects of currency devaluation , refusing to unilaterally gurantee eu citizens rights , ridiculous diplomatic gaffes , people flapping gums about military action on spain over gibraltar and people openly hoping for a collapse of the eu and the election of a far-right leader . 
  living in germany myself at the moment outside the british media bubble ( let alone the right wing brexit bubble ) i can gurantee you that the conduct of brexiters has destroyed any possibility of the amazing special deal that wont cause any disruption promised here . 
  it 's political suicide to be seen making concessions to the people who are allied with other anti-rationals like trump . 
  tl : dr if you do n't see anything wrong with it then you 're in a bubble at the moment . 
  the problem is though there is a rearguard action by brexiters to deny reality . 
  do you remember when brexit was going to lead to more money and no economic disruption and we 'd all reasonably come to a compromise ? 
  [ e.g to quote vote leave almost 1 year ago ] ( http://www.voteleavetakecontrol.org/vote_leave_for_a_fairer_britain.html )  finally , when you are talking to people - please reassure them that after we vote leave , there wo n't be a sudden change that disrupts the economy . 
  the day after the referendum , nothing changes legally . 
  we will talk to our friends in europe and discuss the best way to agree a new uk-eu relationship . 
  we wo n't rush into it . 
  when we do make changes we will make them carefully . 
  now they 're down to claiming ` ha it 's not as bad as people said yet ' and even more concerningly the daily mail and the funders and backers of brexit are now trying to blame other european countries for being unreasonable not doing them a favour and trying to poison the relationship with europe so that this ca n't be undone or made sensible in the future . 
  hint if you do n't want people to react negatively to you then do n't talk about ` the muslim problem ' like a certain group of people are a hivemind . 
  what people want = / = what will happen when other sides are involved . 
   you know , i do n't think it 's very reasonable to start a discussion by calling my country a backwards shithole . 
  ah ok but you 're all ok with certain groups of people being somehow worth less and not requiring to be judged on their actions but on their background ? 
  people are going to react negatively when you suddenly start saying that one group is somehow not worth as much as another group without any crime being commited on their part . 
  i 'd argue that 's pretty unreasonable on your part . 
  we dealt with the same shit in the uk of people being sparked up by tabloid lynch mobs about slovaks , poles etc and we all agree that this was bad yet somehow muslims picking their nose and being slapped on every tabloid as ` muslim terror ' is all ok when it happens to other people . 
  it 's simply a meaningless conversation and i 'm finding it hilarious that poland , czech etc are so into the lynch mob mentality having been on the other end of it for so long . 
   i am , disappointed in the president of the us who is christian and white and is in a unique position to mobilize christian whites in the is , against this alt-right extremist wave . 
  yet , he is not doing anything of the sort . 
  for this problem to be fixed , it is european-americans who must single out those among them who would murder other ethnicities again and again . 
  while there 's open borders for central and eastern european people to immigrate to other countries and take advantage of western european economies and a single marke continuing to develop them from being backwards shitholes then there are also open borders from western europe to central and eastern europe . 
  like it or not , it is your problem too . 
  waldo is strong and stable . 
  you shut your damn mouth . 
   makes me wish the usa lost the war of independence to uk . 
  our electoral system is even worse . 
  you do not wish that at all gurantee it . 
  it 's like the electoral college with added cronyism in the house of lords the whole of the current ongoing shit-show is only 11 million people in the uk ( population 70 million ) voted for david cameron and everyone elses votes were wasted , and that was a normal state of affairs for about 40-50 years and everyone right wing , left wing etc was just ignored no matter how shit their life was because of safe seats . 
  i think if trump screws with the queen that will be grounds for recolonisation . 
  i 'm not even that pro-royalist but i 'd sign up for the army myself . 
  we 've certainly declared war over lesser things . 
  none translated into english you can think of ? 
  i was fairly well abreast of things as i studied ukraine and ex soviet-blocs countries at uni doing international relations as part of course ( did n't realise how relevant to the world that would turn out to be in the current times lol ) but obviously not in massive exhaustive depth . 
   but they 're all in ukrainian unfortunately . 
  how hard can it be, 
  ah completely different issue i thought you meant something more dramatic . 
  not a clue how that would work i 'd have to look into it , cheers . 
  link ? 
   inside the eu we can not ignore this rule because eu law has primacy over uk law . 
  the only way we ignore this rule is by leaving the eu . 
  this is one of the reasons why we are leaving the eu . 
  it is only by leaving the eu that we can change laws like this . 
  yep we are , but it does n't look there 's going to be any benefits from going round the world scraping for wto rules if we go with leaving the single market too . 
   and we should unilaterally lower our trade barriers . 
  for example , outside the eu we should remove protectionist eu policiies , like netflix content , tariffs on agriculture etc. 
  fair enough at least you 're consistent , but this would be pretty unpopular with a lot of farmers and manufacturers etc with a lot of job losses and there is 0 gurantee ( and a very low chance generally ) of reciprocation from anyone else , if i 'm honest i 'm not sure i can name any countries that have unilaterally removed all trade barriers so i 'd be curious to know if there are any examples of this and what happened . 
   however , a lot of the world is not as protectionist as the eu single market . 
  the eu 's single market is very protectionist , hence crazy laws like content on netflix . 
  as said i would n't know but every other major market globally definitely has similar protections to the single market and most ( e.g china , me countries etc ) even more . 
   the eu law on content for netflix is protectionist . 
  it seeks to protect inefficient eu business over efficient business from the rest of the world . 
  this is bad for consumers . 
  not quite sure how this follows , afaik the eu law aims to remove the protectionism that netflix enforces on behalf of content rights holders and their refusal to dismantle the monopoly of refusing to licence in certain markets or asking higher prices etc.
