  hence why i think one time is impractical . 
  3/whatever amount for a pattern is what we 're looking for . 
  many perfectly nice people have one convictions for assault for a bar fight or something dumb they did when young . 
  but very few nice people have multiple convictions . 
  the goal is n't to chuck out everyone who commits a crime , but those who show a pattern of it who are the big offenders . 
  because three is the arbitrary number i chose for a pattern . 
  i do n't think it would be fair or practical to have an approach in which anyone perhaps who gets involved in a fight but does n't initiate it ( these things happen even in normal society ) is immediately chucked out . 
  the point is i do n't want to be malicious because they 're refugees or to mendaciously set traps to chuck out as many people or possible , but to remove those people who are just clearly not going to function , do n't want to function even with a threat of sanctions and are going to make the country nastier as a result both for citizens and for other refugees . 
  it is n't fair on the majority who do play by the rules and who are having their own rights violated by aggressive and nasty people . 
  it 's a pretty damn clear set of goalposts and those who really ca n't deal with the fairly simple concept of being kind and tolerant to others clearly do n't want the same compassion shown to them . 
  it really shocks me that we ca n't have some sort of 3 strikes rule for violent conduct/crime or general intolerance in these processing centres . 
  it just seems like that should be over-riding basic law article 1 when they are violating everyone elses dignity treating them as sub-humans , the government should be taking action to ensure this right is fulfilled not just for those who are aggressive violating others access to article 1 , but are then protected from it themselves . 
  i 'm happy for my german tax money to go to genuine refugees but i really hate the fact that it also goes to people who are acting like dicks and will most likely continue to act so when they are coming into the wider society . 
  even though it 's a small minority a small minority of refugees from the marzahn center are coming into berlin around kotti and places and just being absolute cocks with what seems like no consequences and it has definitely had an effect on these areas . 
  i 'd hope there 'll minimum some sort of assesement of conduct when considering people for permanent settlement . 
  kinda funny in a dark way but ...  boat was sinking so logically  thrown over board `` clearly a sacrifice to poseidon will stop the boat sinking ! '', 
  would n't say incredibly so , a lot of the cheaper private security personel here in germany is lower educated and a lot of that group is turkish-germans or similar descendants of guest-workers , would n't be surprising if they have dicks among them as the security industry as a whole in every country suffers from the roid-rager types on a power trip . 
  couple of guys who i always meet and talk to sometimes at my gym are a couple massive turkish guys who work in security as well for example ( they 're nice guys but can imagine plenty of similar who are n't ), 
  the muslim angle does n't come into it . 
  the fact that a deportation is ordered and then the person just stays with no further action is very worrying . 
  forcible deportation is quite a complex process and i really do n't think it should be at all if you are n't entitled to be in a country and refuse to leave . 
  this is the bit that 's actually worrying and being covered up when everyone just jumps to `` kill all teh muslims ! '', 
  and other dumb shit . 
  how can there be that kind of gap where deportation is supposed to happen ? 
  surely if you 've got a deportation out and you 're getting picked up by the police regularly this should be happening immediately at highest priority possible ? 
  i and most do n't really care about refugees/immigrants etc if they 're legal but i do care if they 're allowed to get away with crimes repeatedly getting one over those who play by the rules . 
  this is what i 'm finding funny living in berlin and i think for a lot of germans as well . 
  it 's a safe place but there is scum around and they commit crimes . 
  it 's just now it 's a big deal whenever it happens and the suspect is morrocan or algerian . 
  somehow random scumbags are assumed to have agency for a muslim invasion . 
  and whenever evidence shows otherwise the goalposts move . 
  what i 'm liking is the huge shifting of goalposts now it turns out the guys white and has zero immigration background and is just a nutter . 
  this happened in munich but i can hear the creaking of moving goalposts all the way from my office in berlin . 
  ok well the standard i have is a full article/credible report not a brief release press statement based on a very initial police report + whatever people are saying on twitter and filling in the gaps . 
  atm it sort of feels like we 're picking up on something that would n't make the news at any other time and then we 're all jerking off on how we should get rid of all the muslims . 
  i do n't know if it 's a british thing or something but if the irish terrorism thing had happened nowadays we 'd be doing exactly the same just mixing together all real terrorist attacks and minor crime into one big hysteria that stops anyone having a sensible conversation on seperate issues . 
  indeed , i 'm waiting for the downvotes for daring to question the super sensible policy of deporting all muslims and refugees from germany for one guy getting stabbed at a station in currently vague circumstances . 
  i await these loud calls to deport all polish people from germany next time a polish person steals a car or kills someone, 
  wait so the extent of islamic terrorism from a million refugees imported into germany is one guy stabbed at a train station by another german citizen who 's most likely lived there for decades that may or may not actually be connected to terrorism ? 
  that 's your `` told you so '' moment ? 
  as said lets wait and see what the actual facts are , obviously we wo n't because there is sweet sweet karma to be gained from loud grandiose impractical statements of deporting everyone brown in a a hysterical mis-directed rage . 
  but it would be nice to think . 
  i look forward to everyone waiting for at least a semblance of the full facts before jumping on the outrage train . 
  where/how ? 
  show workings, 
  words words words i do n't understand eu freedom of movement , i blame the eu for uk domestic decisions brits are special yadda yaddah you must be a leftie if you do n't think so unpatriotic remoaner traitor etc why don you go to eu , the leave campaign never said stuff that they said on video etc etc. 
  yep great mate just insult away it 's really convincing me when i point out why this exceptionalism does n't exist and i 'm met with the usual culture warrior bollocks . 
   there 's so much wrong with that post that i do n't even know where to start ... firstly i was n't saying that right wing parties are going to sweep every election in europe so your incredible revelation is that there is a right wing in europe and it is more active at the moment ? 
   there 's definitely a feeling of eurosceptism is many european countries . 
  which has been going down by almost all accounts and support for federalisation has gone up . 
   secondly that 's not an opportunity denied to future brits , you do n't even know what 's going to be negotiated post brexit . 
  why would the germans turn away skilled/talented people from britain ? 
  they would n't . 
  this is exactly what i mean by the bubble mate . 
  you call me arrogance but the core of this brexit thing is `` yeah but we 're good immigrants and are special '' . 
  the whole of this issue is reciprocation . 
  as said it is absolutely impossible to believe that everyone is clamouring to give us this amazing deal where they screw themselves and not to be absolutely completely deluded as to what is thought outside of the uk . 
  e.g to highlight the folly of your british exceptionalism on freedom of movement [ here ] ( https://d25d2506sfb94s.cloudfront.net/cumulus_uploads/inlineimage/14491/fom1.png ) . 
  the people like you still deluded on this are like usain bolt cutting off his own legs while declaring himself still the best runner in the world . 
  just actually listen to what 's being said by the eu countries and not what you wish to hear . 
  that is why even normal people in germany who make these floats are taking the piss . 
  this stuff of people being screwed around in the uk does n't happen in a vacuum ,  i just said that your comment about brexiters i 'll stop calling it retarded when this brexit thing stops being retarded . 
  why everyone has to stfu and be quiet after years and years of `` the eu are nazis '' or `` our country is ruined by the eu '' blah blah is a complete mystery to me . 
  why are you on the internet ? 
  it 's prayer time here in berlin . 
  absolutely haram : o, 
  at the very start where you challenged anyone to name a country with a muslim minority that did n't have a jihadist problem . 
  except `` jihadist problem '' for you seems to range from syria to a handful of people in switzerland who believe radical ideologies and are known to the government . 
   ` on one hand denying the existence of problematic ideologies , which occasionally produce episodes of violence , within small cross-sections of the muslim community does not seem to be a constructive position . ', 
  that 's exactly what no-one credible is doing . 
  we just are n't advancing `` the muslims are out to get us '' because that is n't true . 
   you do n't have to insult people just because you do n't share their point . 
  no you do n't have to but you 're perfectly entitled to say when they 're just spouting completely false bollocks . 
  i 'd laugh at someone trying to claim the earth was flat . 
  there 's no `` point '' sharing this is just wrong . 
   leave the country , both will be equally as pointless though . 
  i work in germany these days , hence why i 'm saying you 're in a bubble it 's either merkel or schulz in charge . 
  france is either macron or filon once the second round happens , le-pen is n't going to be anyones second choice . 
  but dont worry i will still be voting for a good long time in the uk having registered again today . 
  but yeah i 'm quite smart and i was able to take advantage of a german culture of training people . 
  an opportunity denied to future brits . 
  so yes i do somewhat object to this spot of silliness . 
   brexit happened , you need to grow a pair and get on with it . 
  right wing rising blah blah nothing for me to get on with , i have a job and my student loans cost less , from my perspective brexits great . 
  as said i point out why the rise of post-fact politics is being sabotaged by the mishandling of brexit ( which as said before , i do n't oppose in itself , just the incompetence around it ) and all a sudden you 're telling me to fuck off out of the country and how i 'm stupid etc  you might be able to see the world in a much more pleasant way , i err ... think you and me may have a different definition of pleasant , you seem to be getting angry at anyone laughing at brexit or disagreeing with it , and you seem to have not asked any of the people living in the uk who 's lives are being fucked around on the whims of a home office playing up to the knuckle dragger brigade ( which i will continue calling them until i see a single rational and credible argument for brexit )  and possibly have slightly more optimism for the future . . just some advice for you there man  i 'm all good for advice from someone who seems to be so angry as you as to be triggered by a satirical float or anyone pointing out the emperors clothes . 
   muslim minorities  jihadists pick one and then talk about that . 
  then we can have a dicussion . 
   read some books or even some wikipedia pages and then come back . 
  it 's kind off sad apparently you ca n't even manage a coherent concept to be talking about so i somewhat doubt your knowledge of the middle east is much more than what i 'd get from going on breitbart or russia today and googling `` muslims '' for a couple of minutes . 
  according to your view of the world switzerland is under a radical jihadist campaign as well ( sorry `` switserland '' as you spell it ) so i 'll probably demurr on just taking your word as gospel or your assesment of intelligence as meaningful . 
  especially as for example you take a source that opens with `` yet swiss authorities are not complacent and argue that `` switzerland is not an island . '' counterterrorism officials have consistently claimed that there is ample evidence suggesting that some of the same radicalization trends that have long characterized other western european countries also exist in switzerland , albeit on a smaller scale . 
  this report seeks to assess the size and dynamics of jihadist radicalization in the country . 
  its main findings are as follows : \u2022 while it is impossible to provide anything even close to an exact number , it can be argued that radicalization of jihadist inspiration involves a negligible cross-section of the swiss muslim community . 
  ** there are probably only a couple of dozens of individuals in switzerland who are actively involved in jihadist activities . 
  similarly , it can be argued that the number of those fully embracing jihadist ideology is somewhere in the hundreds , and of those with varying degrees sympathizing ** '' and try and push it as evidence of radical islam in switzerland . 
  [ ops source here ] ( http://www.css.ethz.ch/content/dam/ethz/special-interest/gess/cis/center-for-securities-studies/pdfs/ch_radicalization_report.pdf ) tl : dr you are just trying to push an agenda hence the interchangeable language and the loose grasp on facts and the spamming of links to rt , zerohedge and abusing credible studies to claim they say something they do n't . 
   no matter how butthurt that makes you ... we have very different views yes i seem to believe in actually backing up my views with why something is happening . 
  and you seem to believe calling people stupid the most times in a sentence or saying `` haha '' is a replacement for actually saying anything . 
   no matter how butthurt you 're the one getting butthurt at a statue at a parade that does n't agree with you . 
  i 'm just saying why people think that outside of the brexit bubble where everything is great and we 're going to get some magic deal and everyone is going to agree that fucking around with the lives of citizens of countries that we 're about to negotiate with is going to turn out really bloody well .
