   uh , i am not saying brexit was a smart move . 
  i 'm saying that the most likely outcome is that london will still retain its position as the top global financial center and that , if another city will claim the title , it wo n't be in europe as currently there 's no european city able to take london 's place . 
  i do n't think anyones predicting doom and gloom , but as said if we lose too much of our critical mass of expertise ( e.g lloyds moving large numbers of people is one example ) then that will destroy londons `` momentum '' that keeps it as the centre at the moment . 
  i 'm sure there 's some genuine `` wanting to fail '' out there but most people are just saying `` there is no way they 're getting all of this free shit out of the eu '' especially not having ran a campaign for 2 years saying what a shit-hole europe is and how it 's all about to collapse . 
  that is n't hatred that 's just being informed on the issues . 
  there are still people trying to play the `` german cars '' game and they 're absolutely feckin deluded when pretty much everyone who matters has pointed out with evidence why that does n't make sense but apparently that 's `` talking down britain '' as said brexit = / = britain . 
  you have something to say ? 
  because i gurantee no-one ever won an argument by saying `` ur arguments r shit '' they do it by actually advancing a better argument . 
  well that 's your opinion , but as said stacking up the facts here the brexiters are using security threats to bargain against economic agreements . 
  same with the eu citizens . 
  the fact that it was even mentioned is purely the british fault and saying `` yeah well they should reciprocate '' does n't cut the mustard . 
  i 'm sure you 'll be blaming the eu for `` betraying us '' and `` being vindictive '' in a couple of months too when before it was all `` they 'll have to give us a deal '' . 
  as said you think if the eu threatened to cut off security ties with the uk if they did n't get what they want that would be received well by the daily mail/brexit bubble ? 
  but as said it 's as obnoxious a stance as our stance on eu citizens in the uk , where we initiate the action demanding special treatment and then demand reciprocity to do the decent thing as part of it . 
  so it is a threat then . 
  `` if we leave we wont share our data anymore and we 're going to be negotiating on how much we share reciprocally '' . 
  this stuff should n't even be on the table when we 're trying to curry diplomatic favour . 
   because its competitiveness , unhindered access to the one of the worlds largest markets  its skilled workforce built from a combination of top universities attracting very bright students and low bureaucracy for hiring the best people from educated modern countries . 
  and a reputation for open-ness and friendliness to foreigners   and its ability to attract foreign investment are vastly superior to most other cities in europe and the west . 
  see above as said i do n't think it 'll be devastating , but trumpeting londons advantages as an eu member for it 's advantages when it is n't an eu member is a bit like usain bolt cutting off his leg and still claiming to be the best sprinter in the world . 
  as said the manner of brexit we 're pursuing has squandered a lot of londons assets and there 's a lot of delusion that london is somehow magically in the position it 's in . 
  how about giving the full context and then let the person reading judge ? 
   your complaint about 4 deaths could only make sense if you assume that ireland is part of britain . 
  i 'm giving the deaths in london 's the exact same concern as i would give to four people getting killed in montenegro . 
  that 's why i 'm calling you egotistical , you apparently literally believe that there is nothing outside of your own personal universe , it 's a statement of fact , not an insult . 
   to repeat , you accuse me of deflection . 
  this does n't make sense when you bear in mind that ireland is n't part of the uk . 
   since the eu is a political union , choosing to leave is a political gesture . 
  you also again refuse to accept that british people are responsible for what they vote for . 
   a democratic state choose to wage a sectarian murder campaign to uphold a brutal apartheid regime on its own soil . 
  the ira used bombs to terrorise the british people into stopping , after you voted for killing . 
  when you start such a nasty war , you can expect that british people could die as part of the retaliation . 
   the british army poured out a cup of wrath , and then they had to watch as civilians back home were forced to drink from it . 
  most british people were anti-irish bigots back then , and they voted in governments and formed armies that reflected their values . 
   history consistently shows that appealing to british people 's good nature does n't work , threatening to blow up them up does . 
  i ca n't help it if you 're as beasts in human skin that only understand violence . 
  the rest of your comment just shows your knowledge of irish history is weak . 
  there is little point spending the time to engage with it . 
  you 're doing exactly what i 'm saying mistaking criticism of british historical actions and brexit with hatred of british people . 
  that whole discussion is you trying to act like the troubles started because the irish just felt like a spot of terrorism for fun . 
  this is exactly the type of ignorance that you are mistaking for other people hating all brits when they just hate you for being ignorant . 
  so what does she mean then ? 
  is it  `` we need to have an agreement with europol to make sure that we continue to contribute and we continue to take out . '', 
  or is it  this is ` we 're not going to hand out info if we 're not getting anything back ' `` look if we do n't get what we want we 'll start not giving out stuff that you want on serious security measures , but do n't take that as a threat that we 'll stop giving out data if we do n't get anything back for it '', 
  but there were two issues 1 . 
  not deporting people into a risk of torture . 
  the government made arrangements and fixed it . 
  the government simply had a crap case . 
  as evidenced by the fact that when they actually did it properly they won . 
  the court did n't `` block '' anything otherwise it would 've never happened . 
  this is what 's happening 99 % of the time when things like `` oh he had a cat so the echr blocked us '' are blamed for crap government cases . 
  she 's full of shit . 
  about as credible as `` the germans need to sell us cars so we 'll get free single market access '', 
  right so how we going to use this exactly ? 
  `` well we wanted tarrif-free fish exports so we 're not going to tell you about the terrorist attack being planned '' . 
  yeah fuck off mate the day that happens i 'll renounce my citizenship in shame . 
  this type of arrogant stupidity and lack of understanding of other people is what 's sinking brexit far more than anything else . 
  but as said there 's a massive difference between abuse and people disagreeing with you . 
  and people coming in claiming that the eu is an evil nazi empire and how we 're going to screw them all over and get all this free shit then react to `` well no that 's not going to happen because x , y , z '' is then `` omg british people are getting abused '' e.g [ one of my favourite examples ever ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/56dm1c/as_a_fellow_european_i_feel_im_no_longer_welcome/ ) `` waah everyone is abusing brits we 're leaving the eu not europe etc etc '' [ turns out same guy is a kipper and fucking sick of eastern europeans ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/51mz5m/peter_hitchens_visits_probrexit_boston/d7dbogd/?context=3 ) as said there 's being polite and there 's coddling people who are full of shit . 
  and if i 'm honest as a country the current situation we 're in is because we just nodded along and acted like we agreed with complete siht just to get our angry uncles and grandparents to shut up , and it did 0 good . 
  tl : dr laughing at brexit is n't laughing at britain . 
  if it is n't `` yeah fuck those british assholes '' then no problem, 
  well it was a mistake ? 
  and if i 'm honest i 've experienced absolutely 0 abuse , the only people getting mocked are brexiters trying to argue that the sky is green and they 're not even mocked they 're just not coddled and allowed to say hateful deluded shit without being called out . 
  `` i knew the all the promises were lies , it was about sovereignty ! '', 
  aye , checks out, 
  the problem is for the people who actually suffer from the discrimination though . 
  i think they 'd prefer people just were n't allowed to discriminate and the racism became de-normalised . 
  your loss if fear keeps you from seeing places . 
  literally rolling in 350million pounds right now none for you . 
  ok , but as said in europe it 's far more of a worry that putin gets bored and rolls into ukraine and then starts threatening latvia etc with all the accompanying economic issues ( and the whole death thing ) that war brings . 
  i 'm still on the reservist list for the army and i have very little interest in getting blown up pointlessly in a latvian forest for the sake of putins ego trips . 
  as said the chinese are definitely an issue , but not a dangerous issue and they still play within international rules mostly unlike the guys who did the first permanent annexation of another country by force . 
  as said if it was n't for ukraine we 'd be all about china but putin made himself into a priority . 
   the only reason it is tolerated is cause the western world has lost the stomach for another confrontation . 
  but confrontations are a natural part of diplomacy . 
  that and currency manipulation is massively over-exaggerated as a problem by commander carrot . 
  ip theft and lying to their citizens are kind of dickish , no-one likes them , but no-one is worried about them invading another country to distract from the effects of their last invasion . 
   china is expanding all of the way from iran and kazakhstan to infringing upon the territory of chile . 
  it 's an expansionist threat unlike any other . 
  meh they 're a large capitalist economy , bad as anything else ( ok maybe a little bit worse as it 's governmentally controlled but generally they seem to play nicely outside of asian islands )  both sides are sleeping on a threat far more dangerous than the ussr , cause china wo n't be going bankrupt of its own accord . 
  [ ussr i thought that country broke up ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqkzestq0wo ) in seriousness probs a convo for another time but i have a feeling whenever the putin thing collapses there 's going to be some evidence of truly godly levels of corruption and the amount of fingers they 've had in different pies with that money will be pretty earth-shattering, 
  i was mainly using the india thing as a joke and a reference to the days when `` negotiating '' meant walking into a totall militarily inferior countries taking all their stuff and shooting anyone who disagreed . 
  not quite so much of a deeper insight on geo-politics although yes i see your point ( kind of , putin is far more of a threat in europe where the uk is located ), 
  i do n't know how about we have a load of elections where we run post-fact eurosceptic candidates against people after brexit and see how that goes ? 
  how did old geert do in the end ? 
  how 's marine le pen doing ? 
  where 's that afd surge after brexit ? 
  if there 's one positive of brexit and trump i can see it 's that we let the stupid people take over for once and show everyone else that they really are as incompetent as they sound . 
  post-fact politics killed itself on its own stupidity lol . 
  you do n't even understand what 's going on but then you 're claiming to know what 's good for everyone else ? 
  how very embarassing to share a country with you . 
  just to suit you and a load of other numpties ? 
  seeing as it 's heavily supported by every other country in the union i 'd say that you seem to be mistaking a referendum on what the uk wants with a referendum on the thoughts and political decisions of 27 other countries . 
  you absolute buffoon . 
  i do n't know how anyone can really believe that this was ever going to happen . 
  unless you 're in an incredibly delusional bubble where only you have self-interest . 
  do they think we 're negotiating with india in [ `` do you have a flag ? 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uex5g-gos1k ) era india or something ?
