  i 'm just wondering where you 're claiming this expertise that the presented facts are somehow not enough . 
   awful lot of downvotes in this sub for anything that is n't anti-russia . 
  is this r/r/nato or / r/geopolitics ? 
  probably because you sound like a massive berk more than anything to be honest mate . 
  only to the extent that water is `` just wet stuff '' . 
  if you 're really using such a simplistic view of everything do n't be surprised if you sound like a dumbass constantly . 
  go look up what greece and italy had to do with this as well what the original speech said . 
  and do n't talk about anything until you 're informed on it . 
  then why you 're so bitter at the eu and the countries that make it up for threatening exactly the thing that they said they would ? 
  perhaps save your anger for the people who lied to everyone ( and continue to lie ) and came out with the golden toilet seats for all `` and the eu wo n't do it because german cars '' guff ? 
  perhaps be even more pissed off at boris johnson for destroying our diplomatic relations with everyone else in europe so much to the point that this is actually on the table ? 
   saw in letting a million young healthy men into the country , who come from areas where violence is the go-to solution i 'll let you speak for you again . 
  your statement was made-up bollocks and irrelevant to the convo and you got called out , and you still have stayed well the hell away from trying to justify `` let in '' because you know it 's made-up . 
  leaving aside that that has n't been confirmed at all . 
  you seem really bitter and yet i 'm kind of assuming you likely voted for it while being told that 's what would very likely happen and you also did n't listen to the reasoning why . 
  good job captain clever . 
  as they said `` we have to take back control , no matter the cost '' . 
  i work in germany hassle free ( for the moment ) the uk is n't in schengen . 
  not quite correct it 's eu nationals . 
  change the title to turkey and post the same thing and watch the collective shit getting lost again . 
  but do n't forget they should always open up their markets allowing our businesses to expand into their markets and destroy jobs . 
  duh it 's only fair . 
   saying russia is `` playing empire '' ads nothing to your argument as it pretty much comes down to `` russia is the bad guy '' right so if the uk started demanding we get hong kong and india back again and threatening everyone else if we did n't get it and then invading bits of other countries then we would n't be the bad guy ? 
  listen to yourself . 
  creating jobs in tourism industry bringing money and the knock on effects of that same as any other tourist . 
  what a bloody imbecilic question . 
  indeed , and yet there were plenty of old people who voted remain in brexit and genuinely do vote in the wider interests of their society . 
  you 'd have to ask a doctor on if that abstract thought thing is true but i 'm a little sceptical its as easily explained as that . 
  that 's about as insightful as brexit means brexit . 
  you need to understand what polling and statistics mean ( hint : it is n't what you do ) . 
  that 's why everyone thinks post-fact voters like yourself and your friends are uninformed . 
  getting mock outraged at generalisations for polling is n't a rebuttal of an observation . 
  if they people genuinely want to do that they have a funny way of voting for large state investment , and against worker protections and social safety nets that were generally the hallmark of 50s and 60s policy . 
  i think more likely it 's just the selfish generation being selfish again . 
  they got protections , then cut protections when it was inconvenient for them , then vote in populists to roll it back for them when the protections they voted away come to bite them in the arse . 
  and they got fucked in the uk in the brexit vote when they voted along those lines ( as warned ) most likely the left wont fall for that again seeing as they 're normally communicating with each other . 
  i 'm not being aggressive with anything i 'm just saying that there is pretty clear evidence that 200 military personnel is n't a significant number . 
  and it 's pretty clear if the russians actually were worried about this they 'd not just be screeching about the big mean nato or the west or whatever . 
  you 're the one making the assertion that 200 troops is somehow a threat to russia large enough for them to have risked a war . 
  where did you read this assertion and what is it backed up by ? 
  because it sounds like a very interesting foreign policy journal whatever it is . 
  also worth noting is i did not downvote you and i very very rarely even use the comment voting thing anyway , and i also only have one downvote even if i did . 
  and to anyone with an understanding of the 3 to 1 guideline and can count to more than 600 which is what the russians easily have many times over . 
  not even the russians ever believed 200 military personel ( likely admin bods as said ) are a threat it 's cry bullying . 
  which seems fair enough , the title says prior to crimea crisis . 
  probably makes sense to boost it when your allies are getting jittery at heavily armed russian tourists turning up in your country . 
  they 're actually 4 fighter jets and 3 transport aircraft looking at it . 
  just for perspective the uk has 4 fighter jets on the falkland islands and that is still only really a deterrence against such a fearsome power as argentina . 
  the part that makes it look inconvenient to this `` imminent nato invasion feels '' narrative that 's spouted by the kremlin and assorted useful idiots on the far-right and the far-left . 
  because we are n't counting russian troops on russian territory or `` on holiday '' either . 
  you start making it fully honest like that it just looks even more ridiculous . 
  well the word substantial would seem to be quite important here as well . 
  edit : 4 fighter jets , 3 transport aircraft and 200 military personnel many of whom will be paper-pushers and remfs is n't exactly a substantial amount . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're intentionally quoting the spectator on the pound as a sign of virility [ article here ] ( http://www.spectator.co.uk/2016/11/britain-holds-the-aces-in-brexit-talks/ ) but you seem to have most of the same talking points . 
  they 're basically making the same mistake i think you 're making and over-comparing single specific things ( e.g pound low ) with other points in history where the pound was low but ignoring everything around it . 
   the post-referendum recession that the treasury forecast has failed to materialise . 
  instead , unemployment has dropped to an 11-year low , and at just under 5 per cent , it is half that of the eurozone . 
  the pound has lost value , especially against the dollar , which will push inflation higher . 
  but considering that the pound was too high for too long ( last year the international monetary fund said it was 13 per cent overvalued ) its fall is not entirely a bad thing . 
  currencies are not national virility symbols but economic shock-absorbers . 
  several european countries right now desperately need a more affordable currency , but are stuck inside the euro straitjacket . 
  e.g this `` it was overvalued anyway '' talking point only came about after `` no it 's not going to crash everyone is going to want to buy pounds for this amazing brexit rush . 
  this is a rearguard action happening here . 
  likewise saying `` we have fantastic universities '' is currently true . 
  but after the vote applications have now dropped [ 9 % ] ( https://www.timeshighereducation.com/news/eu-applications-uk-universities-down-9-cent-after-brexit-vote ) and a lot of people are a lot more iffy about it . 
  and would n't you be too if you applied to a university and you were n't sure of what would happen ? 
  it 's all very well saying `` that ` st just an exaggeration '' but the effects are very real , just as europes tourism has suffered because of a perception of terrorists running around everywhere even if that is n't true . 
   too does highly in demand skilled people coming here rely on them actually wanting to and not feeling as though they 're only welcome as long as they are directly useful . 
  countries like usa , canada and australia take this approach and do well from it . 
  uk can too . 
  we can , but will we ? 
  and as importantly will everyone else realise that ? 
  we already lost a lot of prestige from the chaos caused by the current uncertainty around if uk researchers will still be able to participate in eu programmes . 
  there 's a lot of other factors around this other than `` well we 'll just do this and then it 'll be the same '' . 
  and most of those factors are not directly under our control but are a reaction to our actions . 
  in fairness on that specific case the eu is under less pressure from the daily mail and the accompanying drongoes and blogs who spout it credulously actually believe it about a massively exaggerated health tourism scare . 
  that was purely a political show . 
  which in another conversation i 'd talk about how this its way beyond ridiculous now how un-evidence led the approach is but it 's not relevant here . 
  and you know what we could talk about that because i think it 's an issue too . 
  but you came flying in with the initial `` they 're all violent nd single men and merkel invited them here and therefore bad people and violent blablabla '' that just shows there is no good faith in this conversation . 
  if you ca n't set out an honest initial position why would anyone trust you to try to row back to a reasonable position now that we all can see you were just hoping everyone would start circlejerking with you ? 
  that 's fine but these are investments where the decisions have been made a year or two ago . 
  all current kpis look bad for the future . 
  if you do n't think the gravity of higher prices , weaker purchasing power , less investment and a more bureaucratic business environment will eventually hit things then i 'd say that 's pretty solidly deluded . 
  now what actually happened with nissan for example ? 
  a quick hand shandy from tm was n't going to sway their minds so what gurantees did they get ? 
  either they 're secretly going to cave on this freedom of movement nonsense , they 're deluded or they have some sort of mind control device that 's going to change everyones mind . 
  on the scientists yeah . 
  great for you i absolutely agree , but as you say yourself you are n't the one in charge and you do not control the minds of scientists thinking about whether to move to the uk or to the eu . 
  whatever we 're pulling out the bag it 's going to have to be pretty bloody persuasive and not just `` come here its great '' . 
  just like this `` in the single market without immigration thing '' relies on everyone else agreeing , so too does highly in demand skilled people coming here rely on them actually wanting to and not feeling as though they 're only welcome as long as they are directly useful . 
  well yeah that 's my point though . 
  we start going down this line of it being determined by a citizen level subscription fee and not the state then it opens up a whole can of worms . 
  leaving aside the wider context of why that was handled the way it was . 
  the germans will not be voting only based on the migrant crisis . 
  it 's like everyone freaking out at the uk government for brexit but not understanding that there are wider issues in the uk about austerity that feed into it . 
  well yeah but this solution barely does anything for the ones who want to work in the uk . 
  and after the negotiations are done they 're the ones deciding on if its acceptable or not . 
  hence why article 50 is meant to be such insanity . 
  i 'd agree it 's probably better than going back to full visa stuff but it just does n't seem like something that its in anyones interests other than the uk .
