  the violent words and exaggeration are ridiculously over-used these days . 
  you 'd have to ask them but broadly a lot of religious people object to it as they feel it 's the same as abortion . 
  * shame u/rust95 deleted their comment here it is . 
  pure class act *  well yes , you 'd be happy for something which benefits you , and only you no matter what the impact in britain and for your fellow citizens . 
  that is the quintessential militant remoaner attitude . 
  `` this will make things slightly more difficult for me '' . 
  i do n't think you 're going to get it though . 
  unfortunately for you , as you found out last year , not many people actually give a fuck !, 
  you seem really obsessed that i suffer when i 'm really not going to lol . 
  you 're so obsessed with me suffering that you 're cheering on something with absolutely 0 benefits to anyone in the uk outside a few tax-evading media owners and billionaires . . as said i 'm already abroad and was able to get training in another country , now i 'm a well paid and skilled developer and can get a job anywhere now . 
  unfortunately others wont have the option to follow that path now and a lot of people will be denied life experiences that opens them up to the world rather than being some bitter person angrily yelling at everything foreign like yourself . 
  if there was some benefit then i 'd not be sad about it but all i can see is a load of crackpot delusions and blue passports . 
  if the brexit that was campaigned on with more money for the nhs etc was going to happen then i 'd be all for it , but it 's not . 
   that is the quintessential militant remoaner attitude . 
  what using the idea of costs and benefits for the country to arrive at a decision ? 
  you seem to think this is somehow insulting . 
   unfortunately for you , as you found out last year , and unfortunately for post-facters this year , trump and brexit are both revealed as a crock of shite and everyone else is rejecting it . 
  that domino cartoon was a pretty funny illustration of it . 
  the worlds moved on . 
  of curiosity how hard is it going to these countries now ? / under the previous non visa-free regime ? 
  what was the problem ? 
  as far as i know the main influence they had while i 've been in germany ( 3-4 years now ) was running interference on the morning after pill , till a year or two ago you had to go see a doctor and have them prescribe it and they could turn you down ( as i found out thanks to a broken condom and a stressful morning running around various doctors with girl ), 
  if i 'm honest i 'm not even sure that 's the debate they 're on at the moment . 
  there was heavy grumbling about lack of funding when munich was heavily hit when the refugee crisis was completely out of control but they do n't seem to be freaking out about the refugee thing that much compared with the long term plans . 
  mainly the debate is ` ok we 'll deal with the refugees in emergency need for now but we 're not just going to automatically make everyone a citizen ' which is pretty similar to how germany dealt with refugees from the kosovo crisis deporting many when the war was over . 
  i know on the internet people love to say `` oh yeah they 're all given a passport at the border '' but that does n't seem to be either true now or where the political direction is going . 
   suggesting that brexit will be watered down to avoid economic impact . 
  awesome , i 'd be very happy with that i think the uk should 've been in the eea or something similar from day one . 
  i 'm just not happy if it 's hijacked by a bunch of immigrant obsessed loonies who still think the world works the same as when we had an empire . 
  brexit itself is n't terrible , brexit in the hands of delusional thought is . 
   suggesting there will be a large currency devaluation ... if there is open borders and free trade ( as you implied in your first comment ) then there wo n't be a currency devaluation ... not the sharpest tool in the box are you , i 'd be asking for a refund on those loans anyway !!, 
  there already has been one . 
  that 'll get worse with a full-retard brexit . 
  or there 's open borders and free trade which is great , no end to freedom of movement and less of a fuckabout for me . 
  i 'm happy either way . 
   not the sharpest tool in the box are you , i 'd be asking for a refund on those loans anyway !!, 
  that 's like ... your opinion man . 
  i 'm not german for starters . 
  but i do n't seem to recall germany starting the syrian war . 
  the crisis was already happening when merkel said that we 'll take refugees from italy and greece . 
  as said what do you think would 've happened to greece with millions of refugees and no money to deal with them ? 
  the system was woefully outdated from the start and ostriching the problem would n't have done anything . 
   you wanted the refugees so you can keep them . 
  or do you have some problems with them ? 
  well i live in germany and i see a fair few , nope not really and i 'm happy to pay the taxes so that there is an actual process for them rather than having a shitload of people dumped on the street and/or paying masses of money if greece and italy collapsed , word is long-term view rather than virtue signalling for the benefit of the perpetually angry xenophobes . 
  the refugee crisis was just something to point at . 
  before that it was ` sending money to the lazy greeks ' and before that it was something else . 
  immigration is a tabloid favourite for years even if there was n't a refugee crisis they 'd have been banging out pictures of calais camps and polish rapists etc. 
   cdu has n't been more conservative in the social area . 
  are the csu ( aka the more conservative wing of the cdu who merkel is throwing bones to ) really that conservative though ? 
  as far as i can see they 're more just god squad type conservatives ( e.g freakouts over contraception and gay marriage ) than actual ` kick out the muslims ' type looney conservatives . 
  i think it 's more referring to greece and italy with massive borders with the refugee area who basically get stitched up by the current refugee treaties . 
  it 's very well saying `` haha unlucky '' from a distance but if they collapse under the pressure then that shitstorm will spread and that means no more development funds for the countries gleefully saying `` not our problem '' while taking the money . 
  thanks to brexit we give up the european medicine agency and saved the eu from the absurdity of the strasbourg shuffle . 
  no problem everyone you 're welcome . 
  and people said brexit was a dumb idea pff . 
  too hot to stay inside in an office all day . 
  the fools enjoying their lives . 
  no seriously i do n't know i pulled that our of my arse i doubt there 's any causation one can look to that is n't explained better by governance . 
  i have a feeling you 're the one who 's about to be very dissapointed on what brexit actually means even with theresa may in charge . 
  but feel free to shout mindless slogans if it makes you feel better because politics totally works like a football match i 'm happily working away in germany and look forward to my student loan being worth less , i 'm just pointing out the delusions , 
  there are no promises at this point in the game the game here is does the uk leave the eu but retain some flavour of the current economic arrangements with the eu with the associated obligations ( aka freedom of movement being the sticking point ) which is a soft brexit . 
  or does the uk prioritise immigration over economics which is a hard brexit . 
  both of these and every shade inbetween are possible outcomes from the triggering of article 50 which is just a notice to quit . 
   they are going into negotiations with a very weak hand . 
  not too controversial a point but it does depend a ) on how it 's played b ) what the uk actually wants . 
  for example if may goes for a token control on eu workers but ` meets ' the obligations of the single market then strength of hand does n't really matter . 
  the poker metaphors come from the clash between brexiters wanting all the good stuff of the single without the obligations that make the single market what it is while the countries of the eu are n't going to accept someone getting those benefits and not paying the costs that they have to pay because it would destroy the co-operation they all benefit from . 
  that 's an impasse and as you say the problem for the uk is the eu countries can wait it out while the uk cant , however a uk crashing out wo n't be consequence free for the eu countries either . 
   there is no quality control wrong there are plenty of ways to remove people who are long term unemployed and/or dangerous . 
   no evidence that they are a net benefit . 
  [ yes there is . 
  the main argument is how much ] ( https://fullfact.org/immigration/do-eu-immigrants-contribute-134-every-1-they-receive/ ) more brexit bollocks . 
  the vote was on leaving the eu not changing reality . 
  ah that yeah . 
  to answer you , almost certainly under anything other than a war or something . 
  i speak the language am a year or two away from qualifying for permanent residency while were still in eu s and even in the worst of all possible cases im in a well paid job in s technical role so a visa would be easy enough ( bureaucracy is definitely a much bigger pain in the arse than insulated people who just say ` get a visa ' realise ) . 
  main interest i have is that i was able to move to train when economy sucked when i had no skills ( no way would an employer sponsor someone for a visa just to be a trainee/intern ) and people like me in the future wont be able to do that which is a shame for something with no benefits . 
  how so ? 
  i think you need to read up on the topic a wee bit article 50 doesnt mean full ukip wet dream brexit and sellout to aaron banks ' friends, 
  and eu migrants on average are younger and more qualified and are a net positive whats your point ? 
  shes strong and stable and everyone strongly agrees with everything she says in a stable and strong manner . 
  dont look at the people who dont for they are not strong and stable . 
  yes which is why all conservatives just shut up forever when blair won in 1997 . 
  bugger off to turkey it fits your attitude to democracy better . 
  brexit =\\ = hard brexit no matter how many times the bullshit is spouted . 
  give him a position as steve bannons assistant . 
  seriously mate why so angry ? 
  i said the ideas dumb thus people believing it are dumb and gave reasons . 
  youre the one jumping down peoples throats for daring to disagree . 
  if youre going off in a huff at people for disagreeing dont go run outside and shoot anyone about it now , 
   brexit is happening deal with it , are you incapable of paraphrasing ? 
   you seem deluded because you act like it wont happen if you hammer out enough essays on forums . 
  when did i say i wanted to stop anything ? 
  i 've given no indication of my opinions either way or the other i 've simply stated facts on brexiters delusions of free shit . 
  you 're the one getting angry telling everyone to shut up and stop pointing out the emperors clothes . 
  get over it or move to turkey if you hate people disagreeing or pointing out facts so much the mentality is the same . 
   alienating people is why brexit happened in the first place . 
  sure thing `` oh my god some people said this stupid thing was stupid , that 's why i 'm going to vote for the stupid thing to prove them wrong '' . 
  definitely nothing to do with a coalition of loonies lying to a shitload of people about money for the nhs and free golden toilet seats for all that have now evaporated .
