  * triggered * oh for gods sake i ca n't even read r/europe without theresa mays campaign slogans . 
  i do n't i have a problem with people assuming to guess this womans beliefs and social outlook and her support for policies in random other countries from entirely different interpretations of a religion based on a head accessory . 
  likely if she is at some march for europe thing she 's likely a lot more progressive than all the people who suddenly seem to care so much about womens rights when it comes to her saying she 's european . 
   fair enough , some racists probably do come out of the cracks and use it as an excuse to be racist , but criticising the way islam treats women and fighting for these women 's rights is not racist . 
  fair enough i 'd agree as well . 
  but as said the inconsistency here is what 's making me think that the hatred against this women who no-one knows anything about is is n't actually dry theological criticism of womens rights . 
  i can criticise the religion without saying practitioners are n't european or the various other implications . 
   i had no idea nuns ( who choose to dedicate their life to christ and are a minority of christians ) could be compared to muslim women ( who are mathematically half of their population ) . 
  right so what you 're saying is some people can choose to dress more conservatively and some can choose not to ? 
  so what 's the problem with this woman wearing a hijab if she feels like it ? 
   and why the heck elected the queen ( which queen btw ) as the fashion role model ? 
  i 'm using her as an example because she 's from a generation of women that also wore headscarves for reasons of modesty . 
  but i do n't see anyone freaking out about this . 
  as said this women in the picture is free to wear whatever the hell she wants without being held personally accountable for everything that loonies do in other countries . 
  fair enough i know it 's his official line as well i follow the far right quite a lot . 
  but as said i 'm quite sceptical that 's what he really means when the actions and what he proposes speak to different reasoning . 
  once these people get into power then it 's a bit hard to stop them as a muslim by saying `` but you said you were only going to go for the intolerant ones '' . 
  weird you do n't see the same freakouts when the queen wears a headscarves or no-one is railing against the plight of nuns though is n't it ? 
  as said i get this sneaking suspicion that actually the people freaking out here are n't really freaking out against the idea of women dressing conservatively , they 're actually freaking out gainst this woman dressing conservatively because of her perceived background . 
  ok at least your honest that it 's just your prejudice against her based on your anecdotal evidence . 
  finally we 're getting some honesty here . 
  i did n't read the bit where he clarified muslims ( who do n't show tolerance ) are n't welcome in europe . 
  weird i would 've thought they should 've put a lot more emphasis on that because it kind of sounded like it was based on a prejudicial judgement of everyone from a certain background no matter what their actions or personal atttitudes were . 
  ` you 're totally losing the argument ' said no-one with a good argument ever . 
  as said there 's massive inconsistency here all i 'm doing is pointing it out . 
  well seeing as there 's gaping inconsistencies here that no-one seems to give a shit about conservative workplace codes or old christian ladies or nuns then it certainly gets a bit hard to avoid the fact that perhaps these people are n't actually concerned about the role of conservative morals in society but only give a shit because it 's someone who looks muslim . 
  we do n't even have any concrete evidence she 's a muslim outside of a headscarf . 
  my girlfriend went through a phase of wearing a headscarf when she was younger and shes zorastrian from an indian family . 
  [ todays headlines : british monarch declares implicit support for sharia law , beheading of non-believers , and stoning of homosexuals , ] ( http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/52747000/jpg/_52747026_a114150839.jpg ) or it was a bit windy we 're not sure but we do n't have evidence either way , get the muslim, 
  if you hate other europeans because of their religion or background then you are n't a european nationalist . 
  he 's an ethno-nationalist . 
  if someone american wants to come along and wave a european flag and say they support eu integration are they going to be stopped from doing it ? 
  likewise is someone muslim in a hijab going to be allowed to go along to a front national rally and wave a french flag and say they like being french ? 
  there 's your difference . 
  as said why is she somehow accountable for everything done in the world because of her clothing choices on one particular day with 0 supporting evidence that she is even particularly religiously devout ? 
  well if you go around shouting at companies with conservative dress codes , women who wear long dresses or try to dress modestly or the aforementioned bavarian old ladies in headscarves that are all also symbols of conservative morals in society then i 'll be less sceptical that this is n't just a convenient stick to beat muslims with . 
   and being conservative and religious is not the same as being oppressed . 
  as said you do n't know shit on why she 's wearing it . 
  plenty of people wear it without compulsion outside of thinking that 's what they should do and that is 0 difference to the old lady headscarf . 
  you have 0 evidence for this though . 
  i have as much evidence to say she is n't muslim and she was hungover in the morning and could n't find a hat . 
  the women a couple to the left of her with the red hair is wearing a shemagh scarf , i do n't take this as tacit support for the palestinian militancy and start railing against that either . 
  you have 0 evidence for any of this though . 
  i see conservative old ladies when i 'm in bavaria wear headscarves all the time when going out because ` thats how ladies dress ' . 
  this is also a symbol of a conservative religiousness but i do n't instantly assume that they should be held accountable for everything ever done by christianity . 
  and skinheads also have a different context between far right demonstrations and cancer wards . 
  not exactly the most shocking thing ever . 
  is the person a shitty person ? 
  do you know that this person really is that religious as opposed to just wanting to wear a headscarf like old ladies also do from more conservative areas ( e.g i saw lots of people dressed like this when i was in n\u00fcrnberg frequently ) ? 
  how do you know all of this about the person to the extent that this person should be excluded from saying they belong to a place ? 
  triggered post-facters lashing out as theyve been having a bad week . 
  two minutes hate of muslims lets them ignore the collapsing realities of trump and the far-right in europe . 
  because theyre talking about tolerance and gay people are one of the groups who knows what happens when that acceptance doesnt exist for every person . 
  because european flags are a statement of cooperation between nations while fn supporters want less cooperation and positivity only for people like themselves . 
  just saying `` hurr durr dey da same '' is a moronic remark . 
  bet just like with tsa pre-screening programmes you 'll eventually be able to carry a laptop if you just pay a fee of some sort . 
  as everyone knows terrorists dont have money . 
  and that 's the two issues here a ) the debate on what happens to refugees when the war is over , at the moment that debate is ongoing on if the time as a refugee counts towards citizenship and various other minutae b ) how to actually enforce the decisions better . 
  they were really slack before on deportations and enforcements and that they 're stepping up the pace of them and closing loopholes etc. 
  as said no problem instantly has the perfect solution for it ( and if it does it 's probably a shit solution ) they 'll have to work on it . 
  there is a reason it 's called the united states though . 
  they are still `` states '' in a federation and when you can even find nuances and differences in tiny countries like the netherlands surely it 's pretty hard to ascribe a monoculture to something as huge as the us . 
  and the difference between california , texas , connecticut and missisipi to take a random sample is huge in almost every aspect of their society from what their economy is based to how much they 're taxed and their outlook on public infrastructure to the terrain and climate . 
  i think it seems a bit unfair to say `` us '' as a homogenous place . 
  everyone laughs at americans when they say `` europe '' as one country while the us is 50 still 50 something entirely seperate states with different climates ( across a larger area as well ) . 
  but it 's your preference fair enough . 
  horses for courses but i only say because i was there a couple weeks ago and was thinking how nice some areas of connecticut and boston were and i love a bit of us bashing from time to time . 
  people were incredibly nice in a really genuine way even in nyc ( perhaps i 'm just used to german bureaucrats ) , very good library systems and facilities in ct and there was loads of good food of various unhealthy types . 
  i think the us gets a bad rap because we constantly see pictures of it 's poorest areas and state government failures . 
  why ? 
  it 's a bloody stupid policy why would you want to reciprocate that ? 
  honestly it 's a great country go see new england outside of nyc . 
  am i mad for thinking that sounds fucking cool ? 
  could fire a load of people from the uk to australia on an icbm though you 'd have to be careful about mixups would n't want australia turned into a barren desert wastel-oh ... 
  that was nothing compared to the last two years first of all . 
  second of all , is n't that really a sign that something should 've been done properly to control the borders at a european level in the first place rather than overlook the problem ? 
  everyone was saying ` well we need to control the borders because europe is a free movement area , but greece and italy can pay for it ' . 
  as you say nobody cared until it + gr got sick of it and stopped covering for everyone when it got really bad . 
  it 's a classic case of short termism leading to bad consequences . 
  to me this is an argument for having a proper system and procedures ( personally registering closer to the conflict zone and tightening up deportation procedures cutting off aid for morroco and others that refuse to take back deportees are the two main policies here i 'd like to see ) . 
  there 's a hell of a lot of exaggeration on how much pisstaking and opportunism there is but there should definitely be a system to deal with people that do . 
   i also totally understand if poles , hungarians , czech , etc. 
  do n't want their cities to look like mine . 
  i 'd say many people here regret the state of many of our cities in comparison to how they would ( presumably ) be without mass immigration . 
  that 's their choice but this word `` mass immigration '' is a scareword nonsense when talking about refugees which conflates the wider immigration topic with a specific topic to do with the syrian war . 
  as said the system for refugees needs enforcing properly but at the moment the refugees thing has turned into a cause celebre for people who just hate muslims and totally removed itself from the discussion of policy and what 's actually happening . 
  thanks for stopping the abuse . 
   i understand that a lot of citizens do , but more do n't , and i would argue if it was obvious that an fta would remain in place once we left the vote would have been closer to 70 % . 
  as said an fta is not the same as the current arrangement by a long shot . 
  do n't be under any delusions . 
  as said what are the benefits of screwing ourselves economically because some people freaked out too much about polish people ? 
  the rest of the argument i pretty much agree with and is an argument for why staying in the single market and leaving the political organisation that we want no part of makes sense . 
  we never gave a shit about the integration aspect and i only barely voted remain because of it . 
  the concern is the hijacking of this by people who want us to be a deregulated mini-america like aaron banks and they 're trying to shout down anyone who points out their bollocks and the evaporation of all the nice sounding promises and `` it 'll all be fine '' hand-waving as wanting to overturn the vote . 
  the time now is for discussing what brexit looks like and brexiters keep dodging the question or deluding themselves because they know the reality is not great , shouting down people as remoaners wont change that and if we go charging into something with wishful thinking we 're just going to have another iraq type fuck up on our hands . 
  is there even any effort to any macron economics puns ? 
  macroeconomics isnt even a pun it 's just a word . 
  to call it low-effort is to do disservice to low effort . 
  `` slams '' 90 % of the time seems to mean someone said something passive aggressive on twitter . 
  i hate the word in the press .
