  [ quick history ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/annexation_of_crimea_by_the_russian_federation#crimean_crisis_begins ), 
   if you used military force to redraw borders you 're in the wrong . 
  no ways around it, 
  oh yes it was n't an invasion it was just concerned citizens in russian military gear i forgot . 
   also crimea is predominantly ethnicly russian so `` intimidation '' was n't something that contributed based on the fact that most people would 've voted to join russia anyway . 
  yes of course . 
  and ireland is basically ethnically british so if the uk invaded ireland tommorow no-one would have an issue with it we 're just `` taking back what was always ours '' . 
  as said and i 'll quote myself again as you 're not understanding . 
   you used military force to redraw borders you 're in the wrong . 
  no ways around it , even for post-fact loonies . 
  if ireland had invaded northern ireland and then had this referendum and intimidated protestant voters and rigged the vote . 
  then yeah , they would be the bad guys . 
  it 's pretty simple mate . 
  you used military force to redraw borders you 're in the wrong . 
  no ways around it , even for post-fact loonies . 
  again though . 
  the greeks experienced a shitload of it when their thing was going on . 
  brexit is a topic at the moment . 
  be a good chap and come back to me when someone actually says anything on the matter . 
  the only news i 've got thus far is the offer of associate membership being punted around by the negotiators . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/11/26/britons-could-pay-keep-eu-citizenship-brexit-top-negotiator/ ) that is the only thing i 've heard from anyone who is even close to influencing the decision . 
  and from what i 'm seeing you seem to be mixing up an application programme with a visa waiver [ here ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/sep/09/britons-may-have-to-apply-to-visit-europe-under-eu-visa-scheme ) if this is what you mean then  the scheme would cover all visitors to the passport-free 26-nation schengen zone -- of which britain is not a member -- from countries that do not need a visa to enter , eu sources confirmed . 
  this would also apply to ukranians anyway . 
  so there you go most likely no-ones getting more sweeties anyway . 
   holy shit you 're comparing an established religious belief which is clearly the source of discrimination with a fucking furry . 
  no i 'm comparing a large head garment that announces your quite extreme personal beliefs that you should wear an item of clothing to symbolise them . 
  with another headgarment that also announces your quite extreme ( and strange ) personal beliefs that make you want to wear clothing to represent them . 
  some people will `` get it '' most will simply not . 
  do you know many people who wear overt political or religious imagery to job interviews or work routinely ? 
  screw it ** tattoos ** still freak out a lot of hr people and that is way more unfair as that does n't even necessarily reflect a persons actual beliefs . 
   and then you say `` look they can integrate they even have one famous tv lady '' . 
  no i did n't i said that there are so many that it is normal . 
  konnie huq is just the most recognisable . 
  british asians have been a recognisable and integrated part of our country for ages . 
  you 'd struggle to find people who genuinely object to `` muslims '' doing anything in the uk . 
  ( ok there 's nutters as there are anywhere ) . 
  what you do find is people who react negatively to overtly religious people and people who are anti-social or canot communicate . 
  to claim that 's somehow steeped in latent british racism is as ridiculous and outrageous a claim as when breitbart claims that all muslim refugees are rapists or lying about being refugees . 
   what the fuck is wrong with you people that makes you unable to notice how stupid that way of reasoning is . 
  i 'm not sure where `` you people '' is coming from but i find it pretty silly to take a very statistics light piece on british muslims who are wearing hijabs and not integrating as evidence for some unique british racism . 
  e.g this piece actually says a lot that the girl in the anecdote gets a job when she stops wearing her headscarf . 
  if it was genuine discrimination that would not have helped . 
  and this girl even recognises it herself . 
   tens of comments in this sub that are anti-british . 
  sweet lord no . 
  i 'll be honest mate as said i browse this sub a lot and i 've never experienced it . 
  if you genuinely do then you 'll just have to suck it up that stereotyping exists . 
  try asking someone greek or german about being stereotyped for the actions of others . 
  as for the visa thing . 
  as said nothing is decided or even properly proposed by anyone in a position to make a decision . 
  and visa free does n't mean without charges for security checks etc which is what is actually being proposed by the eu wholesale like the esta in the us . 
  and do n't for one bloody minute think that `` being british '' somehow means you 're inherently worth more than `` someone ukranian '' because of your passport . 
  this is to do with politics and what we want out of brexit , and apparently what the british want is to cut immigration by huge amounts so do n't be shocked if that attitude ends up reflected . 
  blame the idiots pushing this attitude . 
   for five years haniya had been striving to secure a job in digital marketing . 
  it seemed not to matter that the 28-year-old had the qualifications , the aptitude , the ambition . 
  friends watched her confidence drain away . 
  haniya considered removing her hijab , the islamic headscarf . 
  burying the fact she was a muslim became the final option . 
  ________  for five years hans had been striving to secure a job in digital marketing . 
  it seemed not to matter that the 28-year-old had the qualifications , the aptitude , the ambition . 
  friends watched his confidence drain away . 
  hans considered removing the cat ears that he always wore . 
  hans realised at this point that burying the fact he was a furry was the only option . 
  people just were n't tolerant enough to hire a furry for a digital marketing position ... _______ how the hell is this shocking ? 
  people with overt religious preferences tend to be regarded negatively in a professional work environment ? 
  jesus christ all of this is predicated on muslim when the article is very clearly only talking to people who wear huge religious symbols around colleagues and who are not willing to integrate with the work force and clearly believe themselves above the rest of the team . 
  to elaborate how is it that iranian , cypriot etc muslims have had very few problems when they prize education , dont insist on shoving religious beliefs down everyones throats ... 
  it 's not like being brown or south asian looking are automatic disqualifiers based on the race alone or we would n't have such a large number of asian celebrities and cultural influences . 
  e.g konnie huq is on the edge of being a bloody national treasure and she is both muslim and more british than most people you will ever meet in your life as well . 
  it passes without notice in the uk but where i live in germany you do n't see anyone of asian appearance without a big label of `` turkish-xyz '' in front of it . 
  i 'll be honest for starters i 've not actually seen this definitive proposal outside of `` it 's on the table '' as is associate citizenship from the negotiation team so it 's all over the shop thus far . 
   anti-british tripe i 've genuinely not experienced a single word of anti-british hatred for brexit . 
  there 's a lot of negativitity towards british people demanding special treatment and that we still get to be treated as an eu member after voting to leave . 
  but actual hatred of british people i 've not experienced once and i actually have a flair up for all to see . 
  if i 'm honest i 'm surprised how little negativity there is after we 've just spent the last year and a half in a campaign where half or our country was calling europe and the eu a complete basket case and how we 're going to be so much better off without them . 
  certainly greeks get way more stick for the actions of their fellow countrymen voting for someone they did n't want . 
  as are all germans constantly held accountable for the actions of angela merkel etc etc ( especially by the `` let in a million refugee men rapists '' type post-facters ) . 
  possibly the expression is `` welcome to the club ? '', 
   i 've had enough of the anti-brit bashing here , and again why let ukranians roam around free and charge the brits who spend way more on eu goods than the ukranians . 
  and i think you 're mixing up seperate issues here . 
  ukranians are ( possibly ) getting visa free travel , not the same as the right to work or eu citizenship americans and canadians also have this but they ca n't just get a job . 
   the brits who spend way more on eu goods than the ukranians . 
  the politics behind that are completely different but an eu member leaving and then continuing to get the benefits is a worry for a lot of them . 
  there are completely different political stakes at play . 
   punishing us will hurt the eu just as much . 
  no it will hurt the eu 1/28th as much . 
  this has been debunked as an argument when it was a leave campaign talking point . 
  although they 're still spouting it for some god forsaken reason . 
  well the agreement is that nato can not station a substantial number of troops . 
  in eastern europe . 
  - either you think 200 troops is not insubstantial and justifies russias actions . 
  in which case the question is why ? 
  - or you agree that 200 troops is insubstantial and you 're just trying to win an argument that you 're losing by saying `` nuh-uh '' over and over . 
   where did you ? 
  not by me and not in this thread . 
  try and stay on topic . 
  well i read the numbers in the original post . 
  and i have military experience . 
  not that you need it to understand the insignificance of 200 troops against a russian armoured division for example .
