  agreed but for people who voted because their lives are shit it 's kind of like that video where the kid punches the wrong guy . 
  [ found it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9ot5puc74o ) they 've blamed the eu and immigrants for the fact we repeatedly elected governments that concentrated wealth in london and underinvested outside of london . 
  if i 'm honest one positive about brexit is it 'll be much harder for them to just blame the eu for everything as the standard strategy was before . 
  wo n't stop the angry idiots but everyone sensible should see it . 
  these fucking cancer research scientists man , literally getting off on fucking cancer . 
  sheer depravity . 
  to indulge this , then even then , where would you put a couple of nukes ? 
  even just taking syria it would be pretty hard to find a main spot , perhaps raqqa i guess , but as said the ones that harm us are living amongst us already . 
  it 's very well calling for extreme actions but without any specifity they 're either big talk or just flailing around, 
  dude the guy explained it . 
  if i explain how a plane crash happens that does n't mean i 'm saying i like plane crashes . 
  i know the internets shitty for nuanced discussions but try and have some standards in yourself . 
  i understand their point . 
  but they already have a community . 
  as said theyre free to do it . 
  but saying its community integration really set off my bullshit alarm . 
  while i get that this is a private hire event and they 're free to do what they want  a community group in marseille arranged the day , giving access only to women wearing the all-over swimming garment . 
  the group was set up to `` encourage women to join in with the community '' . 
  definitely a bit of a funny way of going about joining in with the community . 
  as said though they paid to rent the place they can do what they want . 
  if an s&m group wants to hire the pool privately and have a gimp themed pool party likewise they can do that as well . 
  info dump is great and all i 'm pleased you can use copy paste but what is your actual point within context ? 
  e.g a load of different polls on different people in different countries is probably as consistent as if you polled non-muslims between different countries on what they thought about something . 
  an american white supremacist who advocates for a white homeland for europeans ? 
  that 's it ? 
  and how does that show the remain campaign had racism in it ? 
  i thought at least you were going to refer to some continental right wingers who accept the eu as an inconvenience . 
  who ? 
  leaving that aside the campaign to remain was n't built on pictures of scary immigrants or `` turkey is about to join '' etc. 
  at points the campaign felt like we were voting on whether to become part of the islamic state . 
  and then constant denial of this afterwards as well as with everything said . 
  what actual lies ? 
  distortions like the world war 3 thing from `` stability in europe '' thing i can name but remaining was a defined outcome based in reality . 
  but no-one misled anyone as the vote was to stay in the eu . 
  just saying `` wah they did it too '' when a ) it 's patently bollocks b ) that does n't change the point is grasping straws . 
   experienced plumber is n't counted as educated while a social studies student is . 
  and perhaps the poor and uneducated voted leave because they 're the ones hurt by immigration , while you attended white english schools in white english neighborhoods . 
  if the plumber ( or the student for that matter ) has no fucking idea how the eu works or what it does as evidenced by so many public tests on the eu then why are we listening ? 
  so many people were and are deluded on what we 're actually going to do now . 
  they were expecting us to just leave the eu and everything would be great and now they 're angry and confused as to why we ca n't just leave and why people are even talking about retaining freedom of movement etc. 
  you can call it elitist if you want but if someone ignorant rich or poor is banging on about something they do n't have a fucking clue about then why should we listen to them ? 
   and perhaps the poor and uneducated voted leave because they 're the ones hurt by immigration , while you attended white english schools in white english neighborhoods . 
  fine , so what did the eu have to do with pakistani etc immigration again ? 
  yet again the vote is n't achieving anything to do with the problems . 
  stupid  and do n't dismiss the sovereignty argument . 
  people go to war for sovereignty so it matters for some people . 
  i 'm not dismissing it at all . 
  i 'm saying the way the brexiters deployed it was bollocks . 
  in any environment where we 're making trade deals we 're giving up sovereignty . 
  the question is sovereignty to do what exactly ? 
  again what does it achieve versus the aims ? 
  yet again we have n't got more sovereignty in any of the possible outcomes . 
  stupid again . 
  as said if they 'd actually been forced to state `` we will leave the single market '' they would 've lost . 
  or if they 'd said `` we will stay in an eea type arrangement '' there would 've been no point . 
  so they just said a vague goal and then changed what was wanted whenever the downsides were pointed out , hence the constant move between norweigan/swiss/canadian / turkish type deals, 
  you can , except that is n't true is it ? 
  whereas it 's pretty well documented statistically how uninformed most brexit voters are in polling . 
  not to mention demographically lower education levels . 
  not to mention that calling out racists when they 're being racist is n't worse than racism itself as many racistswith a victim complex want to imply . 
  what you do n't understand was brexit is n't racist , but all the racists voted brexit . 
  they made their bed playing up to them and now they have to lie with them . 
  not to mention the massive farce happening right now as people realise what they actually voted for and that the solution to all of our problems does n't actually exist by leaving the eu . 
  350 million was made up , turkish coming into eu was made up , bendy bananas etc were made up . 
  etc etc etc. 
  there 's just overwhelming evidence for stupidity here ( of course evidence is just a project fear plant ), 
  i 'm aware it was a hoax and that was n't what i was talking about at all . 
  just talk to the average brexit voter who now does n't have a clue what they want or the ramifications of it they just yell `` sovrunty '' without understanding how to get it . 
   for big things like the eu most people will actually read up on it yeah , err google `` british eu referendum '' :p anyway in seriousness , ttip is kind of a wedge issue . 
  it does n't matter on if people care or not they can be whipped up by opposition to it . 
  it was used to stoke fears in the eu referendum for example . 
  it 's easy to say and dilute into arguments so it 's easy for people to get riled up about it . 
  i agree with you on the fact that it 's the same bullshit , but referendums are direct policy making so i think should be treated differently with much higher legal requirements for political arguments not being bullshit . 
  and i ca n't wait for the inevitable slap in the face from reality and the accompanying butthurt . 
  plus from now on thick people will be easy to shut up . 
  what are you saying ? 
  people can be easily manipulated by bullshit in the media ? 
  and that could cause them to vote in a completely uninformed manner ? 
  im shocked shocked say . 
  joke must 've steamed right past me . 
  choo choo indeed . 
  please god do n't be like berlin airport . 
  i actually agree if i 'm honest . 
  i wrote another comment but basically it 's more likely only really going to affect commercial property in london/places that are affected more . 
  the main problem is the trend . 
  there will not be some sudden crash off a cliff except for unusual circumstances . 
  but the long term decline is the bigger problem . 
  so wait one person in brexit is n't representative but 52 % of people who voted for reasons ranging from racism , to immigration , to sovereignty concerns , to 350 million for the nhs are all a unified voice ? 
  i 'd be careful as that sort of leads us down towards an eea type path that all the foaming mouth ones are freaking out about . 
  not quite sure what you 're replying to here ? 
  nothing that bad , yes i 'm being slightly tongue in cheek . 
  they 're just known for liking a drink is all . 
  and being really drunk in the uk and starting fights . 
  that and crashing tanks and destroying peoples shit . 
  indeed it 's a part of a large collage . 
  and while i do believe brexit will have some pretty calamitous effects , in particular a full on brexit that a lot of the idiotic parts of brexit are demanding . 
  this particular problem is most likely only tangenitally related to brexit stuff . 
  if i 'm honest i would only expect construction to be slowing in areas more affected by it . 
  e.g i 'd expect demand for commercial property in london to slow down as it 's not exactly a great time to move there if you wanted to be trading throughout europe , meanwhile the demand for residential property somewhere that would n't be affected so much would most likely be staying mostly the same as before as brexit most likely wo n't have an effect on the amount of people living in a post-industrial town with smaller local economies . 
  ha i 'm probably harsher than most .
