  leaving aside the impracticalities . 
  if you genuinely think 100 % sovereignty is worth trading off against our political and economic power then fair enough . 
  i think it 's dumb , but i can get the argument if i squint my eyes a bit.theres a lot of different flavours of brexiter from very rational to completely deluded `` resurrect the empire '' types but lexit is probably the stupidest of all of them all because it does n't even make sense internally let alone when confronted by reality . 
  indeed . 
  unfortunately brexit is a solidly post fact movement . 
  its like arguing with trump supporters on why to fight oligarch 1 % ers and their property interests you need to elect one of said oligarch 1 % ers who has possibly the most interests in property . 
  youll only get slogans yelled at you for asking the question . 
  in this case the contradiction that the eu is both too free market and too protectionist at the same time from nigel farage and other anti-ttip supporters who think the eu is also too bureaucratic and socialist . 
  and the lexiters were the worst of the lot being completely misinformed on greece but just banging on about it as though all of the eu was like that or if it was the eus fault . 
  called it . 
  but at least we 'll probably take it in the uk under a different name after brexit . 
  which will make me laugh at all the people who voted brexit claiming to be anti euneoliberal globalist blahblah . 
  ill be honest ive been away from the uk a couple years but i didnt hear any stereotypes about turkey outside of `` kebabs '' . 
  suddenly this brexit campaign is on and everyones banging on about `` turks '' as if `` turk '' is a dirty word all of a sudden . 
  pretty shameful really . 
  science bitch, 
  not quite getting your point ? 
  as in the government should ban it ? 
  i 'd disagree with that personally but i 'm not sure you 're saying that . 
  as berliners with real jobs ( aka ... foreigners ) we 're all laughing into our fantastic cost-of-living and huge flats and our non-cultural wasteland-ness :p, 
  in fairness berlin will catch up with everyone else eventually . 
  just still too many entitled morons living here who think the height of life is taking smack at 8 in the morning . 
  indeed , as said i bet it 'll finish in something in germany as well though . 
  it 's coming up to election time , merkel has to contain her base and it sounds good at an intuitive level to think `` terrorism = mulsims , burkas = muslims  less burkas = less terrorism . 
  wo n't make a difference , i really am not an islam apologist or anything and i hate burqas personally , but if people want to really do something then this is the stupidest single action . 
  the important thing is people can feel like something is being done , because actually using intelligence on the people who are actual threats is a ) hard b ) does n't yield such media-friendly results to point to . 
  i 'll bet they will introduce one though or try to do it in bavaria as it 's election year next year . 
  not sure how many people give a crap up here in berlin but i see more people banging on about letting people wear it than not . 
  i strongly dislike it but i do n't see what banning it is actually going to achieve here . 
  if you want to tackle extremism then go after actual extremists strongly . 
  deport hate preachers . 
  crack down extremely strongly on domestic violence . 
  go after the people actually commiting the extremism . 
  e.g this rubbish about hiding bombs under them is basically an argument for everyone to be naked . 
  it 's a drop in the water versus the actual issue , even if it makes everyone feel like they 've achieved something . 
  although granted my personal proposal is a reverse saudi arabia rule . 
  women are only allowed to wear a burqa if accompanied by a man wearing one as well . 
  then we 'll see how important it is to men for their wives etc to wear a burqa . 
  and if women really want to wear a burqa they can pay a man to walk around with her with one on . 
  hey presto jobs created as well . 
  indeed , as said there was a lot of work catching up from `` can i write select * '' to using logs to optimize an etl job etc. 
  but yeah as said university got me the initial position , learning from the job is what got me a career . 
  i 'd kind of describe it as an accidental apprenticeship in the role . 
  had i done a computer science degree likely i 'd know a lot more about the really high end parts of things but day to day stuff i do n't think it makes a difference . 
  if i was working at the super high end bits of machine learning etc then most likely it makes a larger difference . 
  once you 're in with a company a lot of times if you 're quite pro-active you 'll end up learning cross over skills ( e.g i was working with sql queries as an analyst on my own stuff , and then i was working with sql queries on the wider system ) and then after a while if you have a good reputation with a company they 'll let you transfer within the company a ) saves them recruitment hassle b ) they keep a good worker with a lot of accumulated knowledge c ) knowledge of the wider context of the companies systems can make up for an initial lack of theoretical knowledge . 
  indeed , this is my `` non-moron ceritificate '' point . 
  and it 's also why i get irritated at people saying university etc is n't essential nowadays . 
  unless you have a specific vocational training it absolutely is for anything outside of shop work . 
  even low level office work that in earlier years could have allowed you to work your way up and create a career requires a degree . 
  should n't be , but it is . 
  especially irritating when people try and apply their experience of starting to work in the 70s to modern days . 
  even in a shitty economy there were jobs with a potential route to work your way up . 
  i like fixing problems and making stuff do other shit better . 
  this is a good way for me to achieve that so yeah i 'd say so . 
  bizarre story , but yeah i started in an analysis position , then some vba developer we had was unreliable and i was getting pissed off with him being slow so i just learned to write vba and did it all myself . 
  then it escalated to sql and various other stuff and then i found myself working with the database team and it went from there . 
  not exactly uncommon i 'd say especially as a lot of people need tech people at the moment . 
  i think the more useful statistic is what are graduate vs non-graduate incomes . 
  a lot of this may well be masking people working in cafes or doing jobs they 're over-qualified for . 
  agreed , but i think these are seperate issues . 
  there is working outside of the field in terms of subject area etc and working in a field you 're over-qualified for . 
  grads working in cafes etc are most likely the latter category ( saying that i live in berlin and there a fair few people who have degrees etc who just want a low stress job so likely they 're happy enough ) . 
  i dont think its crazy to expect people to be outside of their field . 
  e.g many science grads end up in banking in the uk due to mostly crap pay in science . 
  im a politics grad but now im a database developer etc. 
  theres this very strict idea on reddit that people can only go into one field once they have a degree when this is only true a certain amount of the time . 
  most of the time a degrees only purpose is to show you arent a moron . 
  i agree that data would be more meaningful when adjusted for grads working as baristas/over qualified etc but that data is more patchy . 
  as it 's effectively a bunch of trade deals and regulation mashed together then no i 'm not sure i would agree with that . 
  to take ttip as an example , we were the ones pushing for it , we 've always been the ones pushing against protectionist instincts in the eu . 
  hence why the french and most other countries in the eu are likely to veto it in any form containing isds and why we 'll likely take it if we ever do a trade deal independently with the us . 
   people blamed the eu for large amounts of immigration resulting in stagnant wages , despite unemployment being so low . 
  and they were wrong , repeated studies debunked this . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/watch-the-moment-boris-johnson-admits-he-hasn-t-read-a-report-after-misquoting-it-a7082996.html ) i know boris johnson is n't a real eu sceptic but he was acting like he was one for political points and played a part in this . 
   he germans do have an interest in selling us their goods and so some kind of compromise is possible . 
  obviously , there are counterpoints to this , but nah - let 's just mock the opposition and act confused when people vote against us . 
  yeah they do , but not enough to tear apart a system they benefit from . 
  at the end of the day they sell cars globally not just to the uk which was the fundamental problem with the ukip line of [ the germans need to sell us cars ] ( http://www.ukipdaily.com/get-eu-facts-right/ )  did they promise to do that ? 
  or to reduce investment in london ? 
  that does n't really mean anything we have a set amount of budget a year , how it 's allocated is a different issue , as said it 's a problem of our political system that everything seems to be set up with `` london '' as the centre of investment and projects like hs2 set up to make london bigger . 
   this was a big problem with the leave side . 
  i agree . 
  it 's why i did n't support them , but pointing out the issues was a problem , because the remainers would n't listen . 
  all you 'd hear was some strawman crap/get told leavers are uneducated morons and never any acknowledgement that there are problems with the eu . 
  as said i 'm super open to pointing out the issues and i wo n't deny patronising talk . 
  but at some point along the line `` diverting our whole economy into london and neglecting the north east '' became `` too many eastern europeans '' and then the debate just got silly and post-fact . 
  it irritates me too as i can have a sensible conversation on the management of the uk . 
  i 'm personally in favour of an eea deal i voted remain but i 'd like us out of a federal political project we clearly do n't want to be a part of . 
  but stuff like `` 350m from the nhs '' or `` manufacturing in britain killed by eu '' etc is clearly blaming the eu for things that they have no part of . 
  i 'm just sick of hearing the word from people who do n't have a clue what they 're talking about if i 'm honest i really could n't give a crap . 
  so what are you proposing then ? 
  which other organisations shall we be leaving on our quest for sovrentry ? 
  nato ? 
  every trade deal ? 
  come on obviously you want sovereignty back so if you do n't agree to all of this then you 're throwing british sovruntry under burocracy . 
  sovrunty !!, 
  ** downs drink **, 
  they must be having a laugh looking at the angry comments at least . 
  there was a debate .
