  not just blindly dismissing the whole lot as genuinely unpopular as it is to not just blindly condemn the whole lot . 
  a ) i live and work in germany and am a german taxpayer so i have `` some '' skin in this game if that 's somehow the qualification for having an opinion . 
  b ) holding me accountable for the actions of `` my '' government even if i had n't voted against them is just a bullshit get-out as it always is . 
  c ) that is n't true either as the uk is putting huge amounts of money into the camps within turkey and jordan as well as taking a ( small ) amount from them . 
  which is probably a closer action to what i would say is the sensible action in the first place , control the flow , do n't let illegals jump the queue , ensure it goes to the correct people , dont come up with bullshit excuses and obfuscation to get out of dealing with a humanitarian crisis or pretend it is n't happening . 
  because of course sticking it all on germany and hoping it will work out will work well . 
  we already overloaded greece and italy as well by doing the exact same thing . 
  as it is we 've got this situation of `` rarr they 're all coming illegally '' , `` ok can they apply somewhere to come to europe legally ? 
  '' , `` no , and if they do they 're all economic migrants so neerr '' . 
  cue people moving illegally anyway and unregistered and internet angry people having a freak out . 
  just have a sensible quota of people taken by us directly from camps and then deport the ones coming illegally/intern them till they remember where they come from . 
  but as usual the goal posts keep moving so anything over 0 is literally le white genocide , which stops anyone doing something sensible like pulling from refugee camps or distribution . 
   blamed for the influx of migrants ( yes , i call them migrants , not refugees ) you 're a dumbass then as it 's two seperate issues . 
  people can agree that we should be taking extremely strict action on economic migration and enforcing the law on migrants . 
  just sticking our fingers in our ears and saying `` lalalala there is no war and international humanitarian law does n't exist '' however is a crap way to deal with syrian refugees . 
  all that intentional stupidity and simplification does is shut down debate for a sensible solution . 
  -10 here in berlin at wknd , not much better today . 
  fuck this real winter thing . 
  as we say in the uk , no flag no country . 
  no-one knows . 
  most likely 2017 . 
  they have to conclude the negotiations and then we can start arguing about if it 's good or not . 
  who seriously thinks immigrants are stealing women ? 
  lol thats some real issues there . 
  but yeah moving on i think if you think deep down youll know why youre somehow `` better '' as an immigrant than others . 
  i get the same thing to the point that i speak to guys in bars and get the full immigrant ranting and point out that im an immigrant to germany too . 
  nothing seperates me from an eastern european person . 
  out of curiosity why do you think its so incredibly unique ? 
  i would argue the actual refugee crisis in syria is pretty much the same as before . 
  the mixing in of others is new but that is solveable through strict processing and enforcement . 
  but the challenge of large numbers of people noping out of a war to go elsewhere isnt unique, 
  it 'd be a long time to explain and think about , i was super into joining the army , not so many prospects at this point etc. 
  but what springs to mind with the bnp was it seemed very simple to just ban `` immigrants '' especially when backed up by a lot of stories that were all super black and white in terms of the outcome . 
  i would just trust `` mainstream media '' was all lies and trust `` non-pc `` sources more . 
  if you trust that view of the world through news the views on what should be done are very clear and simple . 
  i used to be super into the bnp and right wing politics when i was just slightly more active in politics + before i could vote . 
  i would argue a lot of the reason why internet support is so strong versus real life could be kids like that just being edgy on the internet . 
  you should be careful with that my friend dabbed some clarky-cat in with a beer and jessop-jessop-jessoped himself . 
  im in my mid 20s and ive got naked photos of a few different girls just on this phone thay i 'd never put anywhere public . 
  i think it 's a fair enough rule its cunts who put stuff up who ruin it for everyone else and create a need or it . 
  i remember when the putin bots were here in force . 
  it becomes hard to tell a lot of the time . 
  its selective stupidity . 
  to avoid confronting the moved goalposts when people are brown and say allah . 
  not letting people drown en masse is pc gone mad ? 
  are you even listening to yourself right now ? 
  that probably couldve been clarified earlier . 
  im curious on of there is any source on if said lack of allegiance makes people violent still seems a very brave assertion versus `` violent people are violent '', 
  again we 're back on women and children . 
  why ? 
  where is this rule coming from that we have to split up families just to suit your titanic fantasies ? 
  my personal opinion is safe zones in controlled areas and applications for refugee status from syria and dangerous places . 
  avoiding the big sift we have to do at the moment . 
  but i dont buy blind hatred of people based on our assumptions . 
  firm but fair ( and i mean actually fair ) otherwise were just making emotional gut decisions . 
  shouldnt we be prioritising families in refugee camps then and rejecting/deporting those jumping the queue then ? 
  i agree on prioritising the vulnerable but dont buy this thing of civilian men being somehow less vulnerable to bombs and bullets . 
  if anything id argue that surely removing all men from a warzone and leaving just women and children would be a far more effective solution for peace . 
  why exactly ? 
  that just sounds like bollocks personal opinion . 
  where are you getting this truth from ? 
  why the exceptions all of a sudden ? 
  i assume these rules apply when it 's you too ? 
  again why are men last ? 
  we fulfill our obligations to refugees and get rid of economic migrants thats the only game . 
  i dont get why we have to introduce special rules and goalposts for some groups without a reason . 
  its the `` theyre all violent '' sweeping assumptions im concerned about here . 
  remember these are the people who dont want to stay in a warzone otherwise theyd stay and go fight . 
  no they arent . 
  but this is being used as a cover for something else noones goijg to be able to have a sensible conversation if its just `` theyre all men '' ( not true ) , `` theyre all economic migrants '' etc etc. 
  im fucking sick of this constant recycling of tropes based on mis-used stats . 
  `` they '' . 
  you sound like one of the loonies mate . 
  just take the cases on their merits and stop dehumanising a whole group based on your selected cases . 
  what ? 
  war ? 
  how is that solving choose between death , totalotarianism or islamism ? 
  i know its a thing people like to say without thinking but a ) why are mens lives so worthless to you ? 
  b ) is europe a nightclub with a gender ratio policy ? 
  c ) isnt this like locking two cats in a bag to make them sort out a conflict ? 
  aka how british people treat alcohol health guidelines . 
  indeed . 
  but the problem is , as we seem to agree , that theyre in a catch 22 while applications are processed . 
  and allowing them to work even while not accepted as asylum seekers would be very politically `` brave '', 
  yes imagine if there was some sort of commododity that was used to fuel economies that producer countries constantly blackmailed buyers with ? 
  you 're right i 'm completely mad to imagine countries using trade and charity as a tool for diplomacy . 
  theyre normally not allowed to work till the claim is accepted . 
  what we dont want is a load of off grid people dealing drugs/cash in hand working . 
  whichever one is most reliant on our money for foreign aid . 
  most of the homeless germans in berlin are there entirely out of choice there is huge amounts of help here in housing terms . 
  given a choice between one of the mostly nornal refugees with a small chance of being a looney and one of the german smackheads from kottbusser tor who spend all day drunk pissing everywhere dealing lightbulb coke i know which one i 'd take . 
  so yet again i 'm guessing all the gullible people saying `` oh no they 'd never do that you guyz are just western media sheeple '' are going to make a big fucking apology now ? 
  just like they all did after `` not russian soldiers '' crimea and then `` lo and behold '' putin confirmed he did a few months later . 
  will they fuck ... i 'm guessing they believe the guy who tripped over and raped a girl too ? 
  it 's one thing that annoys me about the internet is there are no consequences for being a dipshit so the gullible and conspiracy theorists do n't just get bitchslapped when they come out with more dumb ideas that are completely miles off . 
  that we declared and did n't lie about for several years . 
  too right fucking monkeys lying about being rioters they 're actually just here to sponge off of the dutch state !, 
  i know this because i read it on the internet !, 
  probably downvoted because an individual person has about as much over their countries actions as you do . 
  do n't blindly personalise people into the actions of their country .
