  why ? 
  george soros has never held a political office . 
  trump never held a political office . 
  trump if anything was more involved in politics because he was trying to undermine obama with the birther thing and various conspiracies . 
  soros makes vague pronouncements and funds political think tanks with his hedge fund money but never actually does anything himself . 
  it 's not even about the numbers . 
  it 's the fact it does fuck all . 
  even if every muslim in europe wore burqas banning them does nothing to stop extremists trying to indoctrinate people or those people going out and commiting terrorism . 
  it 's virtue signalling at its very purest . 
  aye that was a typo my bad . 
  apparently that 's fine when i do it in fairness . 
  i went to germany for the job most europeans taking advantage of freedom of movement are filthy economic migrants ( myself included ) does n't mean thats inimical to contributing to a culture . 
  never heard anyone accusing me of destroying german culture and many brits are way worse doing all the things everyone hates like not learning the language , bringing their own traditions and holidays etc. 
  stupidity was responsible for brexit . 
  refugees dont have freedom of movement , we are not in schengen anyway . 
  why they would go to the uk after getting to germany is a mystery . 
  the only responsibility for that goes to the people who lied through their teeth and fear-mongered and the people gullible enough to believe it who are now getting spanked by reality . 
  because trump ca n't be defended without mentioning `` hilary clinton '' in 4 years they 'll still be banging on about her to avoid having to defend trumps record . 
  people saying the policy needs improvement or modification is n't quite the same as the wholesale rejection and uprising that a lot of the people on the internet seem to be wishing so hard for it to be . 
  so you would say george soros is also not establishment ? 
  he 's also a billionaire and never been in politics himself . 
  love all the people talking about virtue signalling lefties while simueltaneously screeching for a policy that could not be more of a virtue signalling policy in terms of it doing fuck all to solve the problem . 
  i 've been told not to speak english when i was speaking to a friend who did n't speak german by sad old drunks in germany . 
  does this reflect anything more than an asshole being an asshole ? 
  and there 's some people who try to ban vaccination and lots of other crazy shit as well . 
  but they are only a minimal threat to society when they do n't actually have any power . 
  nutters dont justify making pre-crime for being x. 
  i think he 's more referring to the first line of the german constitution which states `` die w\u00fcrde des menschen ist unantastbar '' ( the dignity of people is involable ) . 
  this was introduced due to some sort of nasty business a few years ago where they made people not citizens and then did some quite nasty stuff to them . 
  the point being that everybody has dignity citizen or not , and it simply is n't a concept to say `` these muslims/these refugees/these whatever '' will be treated less well because of that . 
  aka they are n't going to just shove them in camps just to look good for the screechy-right wing . 
  that 's at the core of the thinking at the moment , and then on top of that you have all the international conventions and all that jazz . 
  web developer is perfect . 
  10 years ago that was a seriously hard thing to do . 
  you 're basically writing the site from the ground up . 
  now there are frameworks like node ( i 'm just learning it myself for a laugh ) , django etc that make it easier and easier to do to the point that people who are n't `` technical '' people can just about manage a ( shitty ) website . 
  plus people know it 's an indemand field and are attracted to it . 
  the concept of `` skills '' meaning you have a job for life is kind of outdated . 
  hence my point about the data scientist thing , it 's an indemand field but there is no inherent barrier to entry in the same way as lawyers or doctors etc have . 
  this `` skills '' talk or saying `` i 'm skilled and these people are n't '' is kind of outdated in the way things work now in my opinion . 
  i run a data warehouse for a company and do various associated web admin etc jobs associated with it . 
  sql developers used to be a thing , they are now increasingly rare positions just because 90 % of stuff involving sql can be done with a basic knowledge . 
  and it 's just sort of expected that one knows sql in pretty much any technical area . 
  also what is a talent stack lol ? 
  as long as you have rarer skills . 
  you think if everyone knew python pandas then data scientists would be well paid still ? 
  you get rid of worker protections that applies to everyone though . 
  hence why poor people in america got so fucked last few decades . 
  the eu only sets a minimum and even then its pretty bad what happens to people . 
  not everyone can be a programmer and if they could youd be in the same situation . 
  as said though oil costs more now and goods dont arrive in shops via african swallows . 
  oil is now more expensive as its priced in dollars plus increased goods costs . 
  this is my main point . 
  this cant be seen in isolation . 
  thats under normal conditions though . 
  im not quit sure where oil is coming into it for you if you could elaborate ? 
  from my side perhaps oil being cheaper might mitigate things slightly but oil is still purchased mostly in dollars . 
  plus our costs for transporting it here increase on import . 
  plus the goods themselves cost more . 
  the difference between an x % oil price rise and the current situation is immaterial as both have the same effect downstream . 
  leaving aside hoping for the low oil price to continue isnt quite the same as brexit being well thought through . 
  youre revising history if you think that people like david davis werent promising few economic consequences . 
  likewise normal inflation is fine but this is a shock to both demand and supply thats incoming its already starting and i was expecting it would wait for after christmas stock is cleared . 
  perhaps the magnitude isnt as much but to deny it is denying gravity . 
  they will , and have . 
  if its any consolation at least they actually take action on it and tenants have rights still . 
  uk they need them because our gdp is largely built on a house price bubble to mask everything for the last 20-30 years . 
  hunt punts mobile cunt hunts, 
  imnot sure they were in the remain camp so much as putting out stuff like `` inflation will increase massively '' and `` the 350m for the nhs is made up '' that leads to the conclusion that we should remain . 
  well ... are they going to ? ... im dying of suspense here . 
  go on be a good sport not like the uk ever did anything bad to ireland right ? 
  the initial guest workers didnt leave because they were allowed to stay thanks to employer demanss . 
  and on staying illegally in germany while im sure that its possible the set of incentives is no different for ukranians so im not sure what your point is . 
  youre freaking out about ukranian illegals too after all its the ` rational choice ' surely ? 
  yes sure . 
  and then we can include the number of russian troops based in the european region in russia as well . 
  that will look even more ridiculous . 
  i 'm just talking about the fact that there was a proposal for visa-free travel as a quid pro quo for not collapsing greece a while back and people lost their fucking shit claiming 80 million turks would now be able to move and get jobs etc because they do n't understand the difference between visa free and freedom to work . 
   strange because i never hear them say this . 
  i 'm not denying that there is definitely islamophobia and racism lurking around in the dregs of society . 
  but next time you read an article like this try and spot if the person being discriminated against is saying they want to wear a hijab/burqa/whatever at work or if it 's genuinely because they 're a muslim . 
  there 's a lot of wider problems that do cause discrimination e.g british working social culture normally advantages those who have a couple of drinks after work with the team at a team social etc. 
  and that 's a different issue . 
  but this particular article is not particularly helpful when it does n't control for education levels and is pretty much based around an anecdote . 
  [ older study ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/would-muslims-get-better-jobs-if-bosses-didn-t-know-they-were-muslim-a6690621.html ) this study goes a lot more into the depths of why this happens and what is being done about it . 
  i hate the `` muslims r terrurusts lol '' bunch but i hate this demand that people are allowed to wear overt religious symbols when others would also get funny looks for doing the same as well . 
  [ you do n't say ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wboggjn_g-4 ), 
  no it 's because i studied american history on this and regularly debunk this . 
  calling people `` little '' does n't counter-act the complete bollocks being spewed here . 
  this is r/badhistory bread and butter . 
  the common knowledge is that lynchings were based on convictions too dodgy for even courts in the deep south to convict on or were completely extra-judicial . 
  think about that for if you genuinely think that was a system of justice . 
  or actually do n't im pretty sure that internet loonies will only ever be happy with entirely prejudice and emotional based judicial systems . 
   when they committed rape or murder . 
  hmm think you need to be reading your history a bit more there old boy . 
  by demographic disharmony you mean the old and/or the deluded screwing the rest of us ? 
  you mean the illegally elected mayor of sevastapol who declared crimea as an independent state overnight right ? 
  `` a russian mayor for a russian city '' was the quote i believe ? 
  fuck it mate you 're deluded . 
  i 'll just leave you the history here for anyone who bothers to read through all of this drivel from you they can judge for themselves .
