  they werent going to do that . 
  i didnt leave shit i voted in and live in germany anyway . 
  im sure therell be an impulse to blame the english as usual but there is a very clear split here . 
  ah fair enough . 
  yeah the reputational damage is going to be a bitch . 
  if something sensible happens now ( as in , right now ) well be able to weather it after a year or two ( disclaimer , opinion ), 
  indeed . 
  i hate to sound like im deflecting but in the right conditions this could happen anywhere i europe even in germany . 
  not funny for the rest of us who are n't in on his debate society hijinks . 
  he 's embarassed as he 's unleashed stock market crashes , a tide of racists thinking they 've been encouraged , and the possible destruction of his own party and likely his career . 
  but yeah we are where we are . 
  he fucked up , idiots voted for it based on the lies he said . 
  hopefully someone grown up will be along to pick up the pieces and put us into an eea agreement and shut up the loonies who get butthurt about it having freedom of movement and still paying . 
  but also do n't have the balls to destroy our country economically . 
  ok but in a world where there are big governments like the us and china ( and i see your point there ) we 've basically voted to get rid of our membership of one of the mechanisms that lets smaller governments work together and not get steam rollered by large countries and have better outcomes in public goods type scenarios . 
  it 's fair enough . 
  i actually wrote this the other day . 
  i have a similar degree myself with ir & economics . 
  if you actually are happy with this outcome and not in denial about the consequences of actually leaving the eu and the single market ( as we 'd pretty much have to do to get everything demanded ) then fair enough . 
  i disagree with you , but you weighed up costs and benefits in the context you 're in and decided this is worth it and beneficial for you . 
  i 'm not too freaked about leaving the eu concept ( my ideal outcome myself is eea with a time limit on benefits which would shut up the people banging on about benefits tourism and not discriminate against people who want to work keeping the other side happy ) . 
  the bit that freaks me out is the chance that we epically screw ourselves economically just to wallow in a vague feeling of sovereignty that does n't really exist in practicality unless we never ever make another trade deal . 
  as said though the people convinced that we 'll somehow cut immigration to 0 , retain freedom of access and all of our economic clout and not be under any regulations are completely deluded . 
  and even worse are the uninformed people who 've voted and regretted being lied to despite being told repeatedly who in my opinion should never be allowed to vote again . 
  that to me is the lower educated part of this argument and they are clearly poorly informed as they are n't going to get what they want despite reams of information about it . 
  and demographically like it or not they are far over-represented in the leave side of the argument when taken against formal qualifications . 
  i do n't think they are personally , granted i 'm biased as i live in germany so i probably see more of the nuances . 
  they 're basically just setting out their position and how they will behave in the negotiations . 
  most likely representing the wider eu position that was already announced as well . 
  no-one has said `` you should refuse to act on the referendum '' or whatever , dissapointment was expressed and now they 're looking to move forward . 
  which is a different thing to immediately caving and giving us whatever we want and screwing themselves and their own interests . 
  the more helpful bit is for our government or the guys who led this campaign to actually announce what `` we '' want . 
  jeremy hunt ( who will now run for the tory leadership ) floated a starting position of eea with a time limit on immigration ( as was fucking proposed at the start in a remain vote , but what 's done is done ) , which seems unlikely but at least it 's a start . 
  but mostly we 're in political limbo at the moment until a new leader gets elected and the leave campaigners have just gone to ground . 
  oh do fuck off . 
  german fucking masters ? 
  were you not there when that whole immigration crisis happened and a big split happened with the visegrad group ? 
  if there 's one good thing about this bullshit at least delusional idiots like you have had your `` plan '' put into action and it 's a complete busted flush as expected . 
  trust me any day now they 'll all come crawling to us ... annny ... dayy ... now ... 
  out of curiosity why would you say not in this specific ( still very unlikely ) case . 
  seeing as so much of the public were misled and it has been thrown into sharp relief how badly , eurosceptic myths and the grass is greener thing is going to have a lot of trouble seeing as no-one wants to do it now . 
  especially now the eu and the important players are ** shockingly ** doing exactly what everyone not retarded and capable of considering other peoples interests said they 'd do . 
  most likely this also kills a lot of this type of feeling in the other countries as well as we got shot in the foot by our least educated people who clearly were n't even qualified if they regret their decision the next day . 
  it does n't , but we already had this argument and it was dubbed unpatriotic fear-mongering so just do n't bother is my advice . 
  in fairness the argument most likely incoming is that it was a vote on eu membership and not immigration . 
  the deluded people who thought we 'd have 0 immigration or whatever are n't going to get it anyway , most likely they 're softening people up for freedom of movement anyway . 
   the eba is already on the move out of london . 
  in fairness why would the banking regulator of the eu stay in if we vote out ? 
  i 'm not being denialist but we shall find out on the rest , as said freedom of movement is a non-mover for the eu , single market is immovable for us . 
  it just seems inevitable that the eea type deal happens ( lol we pay full whack on fees and still have immigration , exactly as predicted ) and we deal with the riots from the deluded parts of the brexit camp for a few months . 
  long term pr wise we 'll see how london recovers , there wo n't be a referendum like this again and it was a mistake in the first , and london was very pro-remain and for the moment still retains the critical mass and depth of expertise while still in the single market . 
  the longer this bullshit goes on the worse that gets . 
  jeremy hunt already floated an eea type deal ( with a time limit on benefits which while unlikely , would most likely shut a lot of the benefits tourism concerns ), 
  yell about taking back sovereignty while getting raped in the ass and acting like the situation is reversed . 
  basically seems to sum up the leave campaigns plans . 
  we 're like the black knight from monty python or something at the moment . 
  just a complete arse . 
  this kind of thinking can only come from someone who 's always got whatever he wants . 
  why would anyone possibly think that negotiating with europe is the same as negotiating with a colonised country or something where you can just roll over all of their demands ? 
  what a complete numpty . 
  i cant do anything but laugh at this point . 
  at least we arent the bastards who knocked out the lovable plucky underdogs . 
  we 're about 2-3 hours into the economic shocks . 
  that 's not the short term stuff . 
  short term is the next weeks when companies who 've been preparing for this contingency activate contingency plans and this trickles down into the economy over the medium term . 
  and long term is when the ???? 
  rebuilds our economy and makes everything great again . 
  i feel kinda bad as it 's my own country but i 'll just be laughing from germany . 
  were in the the comfy situation that we can be self reflective . 
  its a positive to me . 
  that we 're great goes without saying . 
  i live in berlin myself . 
  yep they 're definitely a thing . 
  even if `` stalin '' is most likely historically innaccurate ( someone else would have to take over on who did it and if it was stalin and not the ddr govt etc ), 
  i actually elaborate below on how you 'd basically have to rip out a huge part of the uk and london dependig on how you define it . 
  but yeah most of the city would have to go having been grown on colonialism and slavery . 
  although the gherkin in specific ? 
  if i 'm honest i 'm not even sure how much would be left of the uk if we really got rid of everything connected to nasty people . 
  everything royal would have to go for starters . 
  pretty much all of the city of london due to being built off of profits from slavery and colonialism . 
  lot of oxford university ( probably not cambridge quite as much though unless someone has some more knowledge here ) . 
  even if we reel it back to just direct building benefactors i think most of our most famous buildings are built/funded/named after someone who killed at least a few thousand foreign people armed with pointy pieces of fruit . 
  i did read that in a sheldon cooper/alan partridge type voice . 
  military . 
  that parts and the basics if you 're serving you deserve a bollocking for as you said that 's basic and in all queens regs and taught at pretty much any phase 1 training whatever branch you 're in or if you 're reserve or regular . 
  the bit 's i never knew so much about was all the hierachies and the nature of flying banners or the procedures for half mast etc. 
  i 'm sure it 's buried in some guards manual but it 's just something i never came across . 
  holy crap i thought i 'd learnt a lot about flag protocol from forces but that was ridiculous levels of spotter-dom . 
  indeed i 'm pretty sure there 's a lot of significant buildings across europe that you can connect to some nasty people in one way or another . 
  e.g berlins iconic tv tower was built by the east german government under the ddr . 
  and pretty much every old building in the uk is connected to someone who was a bastard at some point . 
  cant see this being controversial at all . 
  kind of assumed wed be at a higher level in uk as were so closely linked with them and nsa, 
  worth noting but bbc worldwide does actually make money licensing shows . 
  it mostly goes back into the bbc so youre till right kinda but thought it was worth noting, 
  i 'd expect he likely asked about it and/or co-ordinated it with the remain team . 
  the meddling is mainly a practical thing to do with telling tusk and any eu or eu associated people ( e.g merkel ) to shut the fuck up and not say dumb shit or be preachy at the uk . 
  e.g they moved back some big conferences to after brexit and the eu is basically silent at the moment . 
  if they were to announce any policies they 'd be twisted round into the new banana curvature law that everyone likes to bang on about and weaponised . 
  which seems an unfair stereotype if we 're going to make `` ugliness '' as a fixed concept .
