  combine that with their relatively low levels of education , and most of these people become damn near unemployable . 
  screaming `` give them work '' is easy , but actually finding them any meaningful employment is not . 
  that 's fine i 'm not saying give them a compulsory job ( although perhaps there are arguments for that in order to make them work in the society ) but at the moment you are actively banned from employment . 
  some may well be low educated no english etc , but other 's are most definitely not . 
  as said every person integrated lowers the burden of unintegrated unemployed people and starts them paying their way . 
   but you misunderstand . 
  by all means , help the syrians - to the best of our abilities - but why are the afghanis , the albanians , the pakistanis here too ? 
  they have no business seeking refuge from war . 
  yeah that 's fine that 'll come up in the processing stage as their asylum applications are done . 
   there are millions of people coming here for an all expense paid life which we can not provide . 
  honestly i 've really not seen evidence of this being widespread . 
  i 'm sure there 's morons everywhere but most of them just seem to want to work and do their own thing like they did in their own countries , and as it is while in processing you 're only allowed to sit around , not to work or to integrate or learn the local language or anything useful that would allow them to `` pay their way '' as you 're saying when asians come . 
   though i am sure as heck that if i end up unemployed , i am not going to disguise myself as a syrian refugee and run to germany . 
  there 's a war , not an unemployment crisis . 
  that 's why the syrians are here . 
  it 's not quite the same motivation . 
  do n't disagree there 's chancers and pisstakers mixed in but i do n't think we should be jaded and just assume everyones taking the piss . 
   that 's not sociopathy , that 's common sense . 
  1 person is an anomaly , 10 million is a statistic . 
  that 's pretty funny you said it 's not sociopathy and then pretty much directly paraphrased stalin not sure if that was intentional or not . 
  the chaps point with the automation stuff is that we 're all sitting on here bitching about lazy immigrants/welfare spongers etc. 
  but when the boot is on the other foot and we are also in this situation ( and most of us will much as we all convince ourselves we 're `` above average '' etc ) will we then be thinking with the same attitude or would we also be asking for help ? 
  heya , speaking of living under a rock quick reminder https://www.google.de/search?q=syrian+war&amp;oq=syrian+war++&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j69i60.2097j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;es_sm=122&amp;ie=utf-8#q=syrian+war&amp;tbm=nws not denying some may well be economic migrants . 
  but wilful ignorance and sticking your fingers in your ears whenever the news is on does n't somehow mean the current situation does n't exist . 
  some people taking the piss does n't invalidate every asylum applicant in the same way that jimmy saville does n't make all white people paedophiles . 
  bit excessive , in effect the guy is just bitching that it takes six months where he literally can not do anything . 
  he 's not some entitled pervert sponger exactly , sound 's a bit like another of these exagerrated soundbites that r/europe loves at the moment . 
  i think the guy 's lucky as well and i also do n't like this thing of `` shopping for germany '' etc , but if you 're treated like a criminal when you are n't one even if you 're a refugee sub-human you are allowed to complain and have human reactions . 
  well good luck to them changing the law as a tiny minority in a country with ( no danish legal expert ) a relatively fixed constitution . 
  sounds just like the americans who believe schools shouldnt teach evolution and that the law in us should be made religiously . 
  honestly i agree with this . 
  everyone wants to rail against stereotype cartoon versions of people that exist in real life . 
  so you have ( to a few of reddits enemies ) - super brooklyn vegan arts student `` heard it before you '' hipster barista , - the fat angry modern tumbler feminist who thinks all men should be dead , - the wild-eyed abortion hating fundie , - the arrogant generation y hating , computer illiterate baby boomer - the cigar smoking bank owning workers rights hating republican ( on r/europe ) we have the angry entitled fundamentalist muslim from syria lying about being a refugee just here to live off welfare for free and pop out children . 
  the list goes on and everyone picks a couple of these stereotypes and hates them . 
  but none of these perfect stereotypes actually exist in real life . 
  it even breaks down to sub-reddits ( e.g claiming muslims are sub-humans and gypsies are incapable of integrating is basically farming karma at the moment . ), 
  at best some people might act like them some of the time . 
  in this case everyone likes to rail against the stereotype tumblerina feminist because it 's an easy target , and this quite legit article pointing out some facts is now being co-opted for that . 
  lol man you have an extremely short memory if youve forgotten when we used to hate gypsies and freaked out at roma coming from romania or how bulgarians were all uneducated etc. 
  would you say that about romania or poland or bulgaria so blindly and glibly ? 
  too many whats ? 
  persians ? 
  arabs ? 
  kurds ? 
  and why ? 
  yeah i agree with it as well . 
  queue jumping should not be encouraged that was a mistake by germany . 
  i 'm not so much an expert on if we were actually going to be picking the most skilled or if it was more to do with the most vulnerable/avoiding the ones who have money to jump the line but not sure it matters . 
  i agree it 's a superior approach . 
  but there 's still going to be problems with people leaving the camps if they continue to be under-funded . 
  and all of this is still going to be happening while the war continues . 
  the uk can control it better because we 're an island and not in schengen ( and even then we struggle just to guard the channel crossings ) but that is n't going to work for everyone else nearly as well . 
  and just putting our fingers in our ears and shutting the borders and ignoring it is n't going to deal with anything . 
   20k only by 2020 so you got only a couple thousand per year ... more arrived on a daily basis at the hungarian serbian border this year . 
  i am almost certain that number is going to increase due to political pressure . 
  it wo n't be up at the german level ( i actually live in germany at the moment myself ) but i would n't be surprised if it doubled eventually depending on public mood . 
  but yes i think something 's going to have to happen `` upstream '' for the sake of everyone who is n't the uk . 
   the tory home secretary has signalled her support for a brussels initiative to return the migrants who have surged into mainland eu countries in recent months back to africa . 
   she is understood to believe the move will help britain by raising the possibility of migrant camps at calais being cleared . 
  if you read the article it 's because they are n't asylum seekers . 
  that makes perfect sense . 
  that 's different to ignoring international law on asylum seekers for people from syria clearly fleeing a war-zone . 
  if their application meets the criteria then we take them , i have no problem with that but we ca n't just rip up international law when it becomes inconvenient . 
  not even every person in syria/afghanistan/other shit-holes has come here let alone countries like iran etc where the standard of normal living is n't terrible . 
  what a retarded statement . 
  this is an extremely practical plan of course . 
  we round up x thousand people , women children etc. 
  we hire all the planes needed to take them back to syria ( pretty cheap obviously ) . 
  and then we can easily land these planes in the middle of an unusually violent war-zone with russian , israeli , american and syrian combat aircraft milling around . 
  and then we let civilian men women and children get off the plane in the middle of the government who machine gunned thousands of protestors and tortures opponents or the religious looney guys who decapitate people . 
  oh and of course we completely avoid people fleeing . 
  and then after that we close a european border of several hundreds of kilometres long . 
  this all sounds very practical i agree . 
  i personally agree that we ca n't take them all at all and it 's better to be supporting effective efforts closer to the area and discouraging them from queue jumping . 
  but glibly saying `` fly them all back and close the borders '' is just karma hunting on reddit , that is n't a practical plan in any sense we have to deal with the people here and stop the flow the other end . 
  so wait if angela merkel resigns then the wars in syria and afghanistan will just stop and everything will be ok ? 
  i agree . 
  but its funny everyone seems very keen to emphasise this guy isnt representative etc. 
  but when some refugees are pictured doing something it just goes straight in the `` evidence '' bag, 
  it is n't in terms of eu participation etc ( thanks ukip ) . 
  but the fact one of the worlds biggest economies and military powers and one of the worlds most important financial centres ( london ) is `` in '' the eu makes the eu itself a more legitimate looking power and boosts a lot of key indicators like gdp . 
  the difference if it was just germany and france as major eu powers would be huge . 
  increasingly germany is acting like the major power it should be but the eu having a influence on america commericially and politically is far more to do with the uk than it is with france and germany . 
  oh thank god . 
  i 'm so bloody sick of any talk being completely diverted with `` all muslims are rapists/paedophiles/criminals / etc ( atm replace muslims with refugees ) here is a breitbart article proving it , lalala not listening to anything else '' . 
  completely diverts from real issues . 
  thanks . 
  well the problem with immigrants is as everyone always complains about is they end up as long-term unemployed and unintegrated in society thus making them even less employable which then worsens said problem . 
  incentivising their employment means a ) we do n't have unintegrated immigrants b ) it 's a solution to the initial problem of `` not worked in country , ca n't get experience , need experience to work etc '' . 
  it would also probably work quite well with the long-term unemployed and i believe quite a few countries have schemes aimed at this . 
  definitely cheaper to temporarily pay some money so that less people are taking welfare the whole rest of their lives or paying the costs of the criminal justice system . 
  in short it seems practical enough and would do some damage limitation . 
  will freak out the very angry people though so probs a bad move politically . 
  well indeed , i 'd personally ( based off fag packet thought ) that i 'd discontinue it after a year or two . 
  even if the employee gets fired afterwards the fact they 've been in the workforce and have most likely integrated far better would mean much less likelihood of being long-term unemployed and ghettoised which is the main goal of all of these types of polices . 
   pushing up property prices and limiting building is not something anyone sane would do to inflate stagnating economies . 
  sure looks good on paper though to say your gdp has grown by x % even if it 's all from houses . 
  real economic growth is hard and requires tough decision on investment and stimulus that do n't make good political headlines . 
  seems kinda smart actually after i thought about it for a second , reduces the problem of unemployed people and the resulting higher crime rates . 
  aids integration and most likely costs less than paying for the whole shebang of housing , welfare etc + gets another taxpayer paying in .
