  agreed those are pull factors , but it is n't the professionals choice at the end of the day . 
  for the companies/decision makers the big problems are german tax/running costs etc , german labour laws and already having market access . 
  if i save five billion a year by not paying tarrifs i do n't really give a f *** about if my employees can see a ballet . 
  removing the third part changes that equation a lot . 
  if you 're paying money you can attract people from all over as seen in the uae and its constituent parts . 
  dont they know we have a queen !? 
  we 're special !, 
  in fairness there is n't any particular reason they could n't shift . 
  ib/m & a ops perhaps would have to stay near where the rest of the businesses are definitely but germany is only an hour ahead of us if that so fx , fixed income equities/hedge funds etc would be very easily capable of moving and the german government has been trying to encourage them for years . 
  this is what irritates me if im honest . 
  i 'm biased in it as i 'm a beneficiary of free movement in my job and i prefer living in germany . 
  but have a debate and talk about how we can reform it ( i personally have some sympathy with free movement arguments when it comes to working class people and unskilled labour for instance ) . 
  but there 's this constant assumption that we 'd get special treatment `` because so '' . 
  it 's like speaking with the ??? 
  type people . 
  then once you get past this it gets into some ridiculous argument about sovereignty etc that completely ignores facts about who runs what in the eu and goes for emotional words . 
  the guy used it wrong dont worry . 
  but yes antithesis basically means opposite . 
  not really , the people who read the telegraph will continue reading the telegraph and the people who do n't will continue not reading it . 
  if they were caught being dodgy on the bbc most of their readers would probably agree anyway . 
  it 's not the same as how much disgust the news of the world readers felt at phonehacking of a dead child for instance . 
  i would disagree . 
  its a slightly right of center magazine with an economic/political focus . 
  both sides like to rag on it claiming its biased when most of the time the articles are pretty well sourced . 
  i disagree with this articles implications . 
  but it seems to get the same stick as the economist of bbc news that whenever something is criticising your side its `` bias/propaganda '' add to that in this case i think a lot of non-german speakers are missing the point that its about european perception of germany not directly criticising german policy . 
  wie europ\u00e4er auf die deutsche blicken = how europeans are seeing the germans . 
  i never noticed we didnt have a plural you actually . 
  always funny reading conversations about english from non natives . 
  you normally gets pluralised in the context if its important its said in e.g `` you guys/you lot/is everyone going '' against `` you going ? '', 
  not really euch or eure for instance like in german ( im assuming itd be fairly similar in dutch so using that as an example ), 
  hide yo kids , hide yo wife . 
  where the hell is this anger coming from ? 
  i 'm just telling you what the definition of it is in germany as i live there and have a clue what i 'm talking about . 
  you can go read the constitution if you want but the point is in germany the dignity of all people is unviolable . 
  that 's point 1 sentence 1 of the german constitution and arguably the main starting point from which the rest of it flows . 
  then you can see how article 2 about personal freedom is limited by not violating the rights of others [ best translation i could find , see page 15 ] ( https://www.btg-bestellservice.de/pdf/80201000.pdf ) . 
  also note article 5 as that 's the section on freedom of expression . 
  notice the specific sentence `` there shall be no censorship '' i happen to think seperate to that it 's reasonable to not be allowed to directly threaten other people as other people should n't have their right to safety and freedom violated . 
  i also do n't think compulsory seatbelt in cars are the start of a fascist state either despite being an infringement on my freedom . 
  to take your `` what if it was you argument '' what if you were muslim and people were saying you were sub human/an animal and calling for you to be expelled from your country/killed based on the actions of others with whom you have fuck all connection ? 
  either way i would say it 's a bit of a stretch to say that a practical and justified concession to ideological purity somehow means i endorse a fascist state oppressing all political opinions . 
  but hey maybe i 'm the crazy one here . 
   moral judgements dont come into it unless specifically written . 
  e.g aggravating factors , mitigating factors etc. 
  that 's an example of your point . 
  but i did n't disagree with that . 
  but normally ( ok i 'm sort of applying british law here ) it has to be stated that certain factors can be taken into consideration . 
  morality comes in the sentencing but not in the consideration on if a crime was commited or not . 
  so i can say im going to put a bomb on a plane as a joke ? 
  you can insult away but complete and utter ideological purity of freedom of speech simply doesnt and can not exist . 
  the compromises you make with the ideal vs practicality is normal and there is no inevitable slide into totalitarianism . 
  feel free to criticise where the limit is but a ) understand why that limit exists b ) just saying it isnt 100 % totally pure ideologically = totalitarian dystopia is just silly . 
  i think you got the wrong end of the stick . 
  my point is that the law is , as you say , written by the german people ( simplified a bit i know ) and applied by their legal system . 
  moral judgements dont come into it unless specifically written . 
  youre allowed to say you want to kill the president or all the blacks or that youll commit a terrorist attack ? 
  if you arent then it isnt freedom of speech and the us will turn into a police state through salami slicing, 
  morally yes , but that isnt how law works . 
  the question is for example the old biddy yells at homosexuals or people drinking and a muslim man yells at homosexuals/people drinking . 
  if theyre carrying out the same action whats the difference ? 
  if you watch the video theyre just being dickheads im the same way as i see druggies or punks etc being dickheads in some areas of berlin going around yelling at anyone with a job for being a yuppie or whatever . 
  as said im curious what will happen with it in the future . 
  i for one hope hes punished with a days kicking in the nuts from an mma fighter but the legal aspects interesting . 
  its understandable but the goal of taking refugees is to home them for a few years till the war is over . 
  all standard of living things are for legal immigrants who apply and get visas etc. 
   leaving us to pick up the pieces amid thousands of closing mobile phone repair shops . 
  very wry . 
  even if i disagree with the wider statement . 
  got to respect an amusing sentence . 
  how is that different for any country ? 
  absolutely no country has absolute total freedom of speech . 
  you can make the salami slicing argument on any country . 
  apologies , i dont see your point ? 
  in the eyes of the law these sharia numpties are also individuals arent they ? 
  im pretty ok living in a country ( i work in germany ) where no-one is allowed to openly call for extermination of a race of people . 
  if anything germany does better for actual protection of freedom of speech than my own uk in terms of both constitution and actual practice . 
  this is something i found weird as well when i read this case . 
  if they werent violent whats the actual difference between them telling other people they shouldnt drink and when some old dear tells me not to cross at a red light or the druggie near my office on kotti who yells at tourists to speak german in germany . 
  i hate it because of the religious aspect and the people doing it are cocks but im not sure how the line is going to be demarcated legally . 
  seriously kids this is great advice for dealing with the police in any country . 
  unprecedented numbers isnt in itself scary on its own without context . 
  its like people yelling `` hordes ! '', 
  without actually knowing what happens . 
  id bother discussing the flaws of the execution and probably agree on a couple of points but you 're far too gone to even bother with . 
  youve conflated several issues and non-issues into one big tangled mess that i cant possibly begin to untangle for you . 
  if you dont want to listen to someone who actually lives there and knows whats going on thats cool mate , you think what you want in your basement . 
  im going to go to work and then go party tonight as its a bank holiday tomoz . 
  especially fun as im less likely to die in a terrorist attack here than be shot in the us `` colonisation '' aside . 
  no-ones mad . 
  more just bemused at how deluded you seem to be . 
  theres been muslims around for decades in europe and suddenly now is a crisis because fox news says so . 
  noones downvoting you . 
  but i just think youre hugely misinformed and have likely never seen or had any understanding of germany or the uk outside of sensationalised internet memes . 
  there are still koolaiders on the fence between whether it was ukraine or a us falseflag/homosexuals so it seems worth it . 
  the brits put an end to it as much as ireland put an end to their unicorn rampage problems . 
  as a brit living in germany . 
  get a clue then have an opinion . 
  hell if you ever want to come germany come stay at my flat in the `` muslim '' area of berlin and you can see how little of a fuck anyone gives in normal life . 
  are there ?
