  fuck me sideways . 
   the only institutions that should be destroyed are the ones disobeying the rule of law and democracy . 
  so you 're saying the daily mail and the leave movement should be destroyed then as they hate the judgements given out by our incredible common law system that everyone just loved to bits and wanted to protect from the evil eu pre brexit vote ? 
  see problem with extremist statements are they tend to come back and bite you in the ass if you havent thought them through . 
  and now the leave campaigns supposed love of britain and democracy has just gone out the door the moment they 've lost and they dont even recognise their own statements fired back at them . 
  hence why i say alt-right political campaigns should never be trusted by anyone who is n't of that group . 
   do n't you mean the anti-democratic surge of people not accepting the results of an election/referendum ? 
  oh god here we go again ... one more time ... `` i do not like this , and here is why we should n't destroy ourselves taking this course '' = / = `` i do not accept this '' . 
  meanwhile post-facters and culture warriors having won in the uk and us with small mandates `` we won , having been allowed to have our turn now no-one else can ever say anything bad and everyone must agree 100 % , destroy all democratic institutions and courts , any judges who rule in a way we dont like are [ traitors ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cwxwe6axuaqsicp.jpg ) ! '', 
  _______________ this is why they ca n't be trusted with power . 
  face it mate , the shouty ideologues behaviour now after 20 years of largely unchallenged yelling from the sidelines just shows that they are the fascists that we always said they were . 
  and as said i feel bad for the lefties who fell for the `` oh no this is totally a progressive reformist movement '' guff before waking up and seeing farage making the uk governments policy , immigrants getting beaten up on the streets and screeching for a hard brexit that only ukip wanted and trump cleaning the swamp up with a big pile of shit and moving against the free media . 
  both of these on very narrow mandates as well . 
  dw it 's fine we 'll just bring in some dutch engineers and sea reclamation experts without loads of paperwork and then they can upgr ... oh bollocks ( yes im being disingenuous jesus christ brexiters stop getting triggered ), 
   if they know that after a storm water might flood the city why they built everything so close to water ? 
  blame the romans . 
  but yeah most of the big skyscrapers etc came up after that barrier was put in place , there 'll be a disaster eventually if it is n't upgraded but that 's young peoples problem of course . 
  its unfortunately necessary . 
  most in germany were a lot more pragmatic in the first place , and those that were n't have seen what happened to the us with `` bernie or bust '' and brexit with the left-wing brexiters both getting completely screwed by the assumption that they could take some ideologically pure position just to feel better and the status quo would win and they would n't have a set-back . 
  except in effect they both voted for the candidate they hated the most and screwed themselves . 
  i 'd vote merkel as well if i was a citizen in germany just to keep out the angry idiots ( also because all i want from a government is competence with the economy and not being led by ideologue loonies on social policies ) . 
  we 've seen the anti-democratic surge that happens when they get in charge in the uk and the us with `` you lost get over it ! '', 
  branding any opposition as traitors , going after any media or experts and pushing through hardline agendas . 
  you 'd be a fool to not oppose the alt-right if you 're on the left even if the status quo is n't perfect . 
  are you kidding ? 
  it couldn ` be more obvious without an embossed restaurant menu of the british demand and the answer . 
  fuck this for a game of charades we 'll stay in the eu '' - `` sure thing , saves us a lot of hassle '' 2 . 
  `` we 'll leave the political organisation but accept freedom of movement , take the benefits of single market our economy is built on and no special treatment '' - `` dissapointing , but that 's already been done before '' 3 . 
  `` immigration first we 'll leave the single market and eu '' - `` ok we 'll have to do an agreement and all 27 countries will have to agree to it '' the options could n't be more clear , it 's the uk wanting bits of all of them that 's the issue . 
   the uk refuses to accept free movement and looses all of the four freedoms . 
  at best , the brits currently abroad get their rights of residence grandfathered in , but even that would depend on the grandfathering being mutual , which . . uhm . 
  not even that , at worst brits abroad will just revert to the normal non-eu procedures and get visa sponsorship/residency/citizenships etc. 
  we do n't need saving by our government . 
  we are n't the ones getting chased up for paperwork or feeling worried about being kicked out , and it 's laughable that may is trying to claim we 're being held hostage when we 're the ones who just want our own government to get its shit together and stop trying to give it the billy big-bollocks . 
  which in fairness , is true , we dont , but the us vs the single market is a small part of our trade and our economy is n't set up on the assumption that we have free trade within it . 
  this is a bit more like saying `` well i 've sat on this chair for ages and been fine , so now i will remove the chair and then sit down and i 'll be fine '' . 
  that 's known as being `` anti-business '' and `` creating red-tape '' in the uk and is electoral suicide . 
  and then we wonder why workers get undercut and blame the eu even though everyone else does n't have this issue . 
  finally . 
  fuck these guys we cant have a policy of helping people if the rules arent enforced properly . 
  cut them the fuck off if they 're going to take the piss sponging fucks . 
  where 's political correctness !? 
  cleary the left censoring the truth again : o, 
  pfft , call that an empire . 
   terror prone populations leaving aside the racist assumption this means fuck all . 
  even if all refugees from the syrian war evaporated tommorow youd still be left with the existing ciizens who were radicalised on the internet and in local mosques who commited all of the worst atrocities . 
  knee jerk reactions from the far-right like shutting the borders and letting a sitload of people die because theyre brown and arabic looking doesnt solve anything . 
  nor does germany shutting its border and leaving greece and italy fucked . 
  this assumption of terror prone is rubbish . 
  actions like processing outside the eu , tightening deportation procedures for people who commit crime or try to defraud etc , those are productive actions not creating race based pre-crimes . 
  it was definitely pretty crazy in strasbourg couple weeks ago . 
  even compared to any tourist area of london or germany ive never seen a soldier on a street outside of northern ireland when i was there ( as a soldier so kind of cheating ), 
  not for why this is ** very high ** which is a weasel word without a frame of reference . 
   germany 's national security has been crippled by the influx of people from the middle-east in these last few years . 
  if i 'm honest it 's more been crippled by years of under-spending and complacency . 
  if it really was correlated with the amount of people then germany would have suffered a huge number of deaths . 
  as it has its death toll remains relatively low because there are more complex issues than `` number of muslim refugees '' at stake here as inconvenient as it makes the blame the muslims game . 
  it is a point though , cancer one can manage the pain and you can come to terms with death . 
  minutes of abject terror as your plane falls from the sky and panic breaks out and then being consumed by fire while knowing you wont see your loved ones again is n't quite as clean a death as one thinks . 
   sexual violence which is extremely high . 
  very high compared to what ? 
  and by what definition ? 
  if you cant give a good source on what and why this is high for people to scrutinise then your opinion can be dismissed as weasel words . 
  there 's plenty of people spouting rubbish about mass rapes etc who 've never even spoken to a german person let alone been there let alone understand what they 're talking about . 
  as someone living in berlin this seems rather obvious , just go look at the reaction on r/germany whenever we have some american alt-right basement dweller coming in yelling at everyone that they 're living in a muslim terrorist wasteland and that they should be more angry as if going outside and punching a random brown person is somehow going to stop terrorism . 
  if i 'm honest it 's way more noticeable in france when i visited and there were troops running around in full gear everywhere . 
  berlin where there was a terrorist attack a couple of weeks ago i genuinely would n't have even known an attack happened without the news and that there 's a couple more police discreetly around tourist areas . 
  yes i did . 
  as someone in my twenties living and working abroad in germany i had twice as much incentive to vote as my lifes been fucked about by reactionary idiots since i was a teen anyway . 
  plus i had the fun of seeing how press reported it , hence why i said so . 
  e.g when the eu was compared to nazi germany . 
  hence why i said so . 
  it doesnt matter what the mindset is if i shit on your rug while yelling `` fuck your rug ya cunts ! '', 
  but dont want it taken as an insult i dont get that choice to yell at everyone else not to be offended . 
  well if you vote that the cooperation of europe is shit and lie and say europes a basket case and fuck them all then dont be surprised if when you say `` look guzyz were still good rite ? '', 
  then people dont respond well . 
  epicenter of hipsterdom hurt because its true . 
  post-facters dont give a shit about anything good . 
  from trump to brexit the only thing they care about is `` lol trggering le liberal elites '' . 
  hence how theyve got a midas touch with everything turning to shit once theyre in power . 
  im calling for a complete ban of americans from europe till we can figure out what the hell is going on !, 
  these arent negotiations though . 
  this is the eu gives us a deal and we take it or leave it and go off the cliff . 
  everyone knows the hands dealt and the market info is public knowledge . 
  as said this is the same logic that gets debunked constantly and this guy saying it doesnt fill in any of the gaping holes in `` why would they agree to undermine their own cooperation to do us a favour after we told them to fuck off '' ? 
  noone has even started to rationalise that more than `` remoaner talk '' or `` they need us more '' or other platitudes . 
  what he says is pretty much word for word the same though . 
  its relying on assumptions that everyone else is just going to roll over for us because we 're special . 
  lest us forget this is the guy who presided over the hollowing out of the british economy into a game of housing musical chairs . 
  isnt this just the usual rehashed guff where brexiters say `` assume everyone ives us a deal so good that they are screwing themselves ... then it follows that ... '' rtc etc. 
  can we just call these stupid people papers now ? 
  it 's not like politely nodding along with the rubbish made them and the readers of them suddenly see sense ? 
  if theres one thing thats sums up our `` englund '' types its the inconsistency they always have on everything . 
  ah so anyone who disagreed was a traitor ? 
  yeah that sounds familiar . 
   that 's what happens when you let a bunch of military aged men from a country plagued with violence march in . 
  should have did what canada is doing and only let families in . 
  that 's assuming refugee , it 's assuming muslim , it 's assuming syria is plaqued with violence and not in a civil war where a shitload of people noped out because they are n't violent . 
  we 're always calling for restraint when it 's a mass shooting in the us or whatever and it 's obviously a white guy . 
  lets be consistent .
