i 'm from putin 's personal internet guard , i have only one . 
  uh , no , i did n't downvote you at all . 
   you didn \u00b4 t need to lock your bike back then . 
  no one would have stolen it . '', 
  `` everybody had work . '', 
  these are almost exact words that i heard from my parents . 
  nah , they 're pretty comparable . 
  what , why ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  what eu members do n't make weapons ? 
  they are also going to ban all vpn services that can be used to avoid rkn blockage . 
  at least half tatars and bashkirs are not muslim as well . 
   we should have put many of our bankers on trial with what charges ? 
  paris agreement does n't have a monopoly on enviromentalism . 
  this is not the only reason . 
  pope francis says way too much controversial stuff , from catholics point of view . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  there are tons iraqi pmcs as well , and many middle eastern countries have those . 
  do you know why ? 
  because protecting foreign oil companies ' factories and extraction sites is profitable and in very high demand . 
  but it 's not all about oil , though . 
  mine clearing in ex-yugoslavia , iraq ? 
  pmcs . 
  catching contrabandists , preventing illegal mining in africa ? 
  pmcs . 
  protecting endangered species ( yeah , even that ) ? 
  pmcs . 
  escorting ships ? 
  pmcs . 
  regular army training in developing countries ? 
  pmcs . 
  etc , etc , etc. 
  you can find these companies pretty much everywhere . 
  at the same time , pmc ! = paramilitary . 
  that 's very common misunderstanding . 
  honestly , i saw this news in russian , then googled `` macron syria '' and that was the first link i saw . 
   hiding it as a private company what do you mean ? 
  nobody is hiding anything , one company just hires another to protect its stuff . 
  1 ) inner politics . 
  i would n't want my taxes wasted on guarding someone 's billions , as well as i woud n't want to be drafted to do the same . 
  2 ) international politics . 
  i doubt iraq or iran would allow presence of actual nato military in their territory . 
  if something happens , they would prefer an accident to be related with random mercenaries , not with national military contingent . 
  private military is the only way oil companies can protect their oil wells and processing plants in middle east , for example . 
  they 're also used for guarding sea routes from pirates , for training national military bypassing political interaction , protecting non-governmental missions ( including charity and missionary ) , etc. 
  what the fuck are encryption backdoors ? 
  encryption algorithms are either safe or not . 
   to protect people who are unaware unaware of what exactly ? 
  they make sound louder if they do n't hear it clear enough or are just accostumed to louder sound . 
  i doubt that a text warning will stop them from raising a volume . 
  moreover , there are headphones with physical volume controller - how this message is any help for people who use those ? 
  in russia winter is something unexpected every year too . 
  extremes may , or may not have to do anything with the climate change . 
  weather anomalies have been occuring since the beginning of time . 
  this is just crying `` wolves ! '', 
  now . 
  i sometimes do that when i do n't want to wash my hands after . 
  actually , i was eating kfc stuff with a fork yesterday . 
  yep . 
  more like story of icarus . 
  yes . 
  several years ago a woman was fined for posting a photo of her yard made in 1940s for having a swastika in it . 
  `` old tsarist empire '' my ass . 
  we are heading back to ussr . 
  how not knowing about a new toy equals being lucky ? 
  with these conspiracy theories you sound like these mentally ill people from `` the national liberation movement '' in russia . 
  20 \u00b0 c is enough for me . 
  it was +25 today and it 's already horrible . 
  i liked the +15 summer several days before so much . 
  there was nothing said about the length of her pregnancy . 
  moreover , there was nothing said if she made an abortion after this . 
   but what came after it is even worse arguable . 
  reds were a collection of different groups as well . 
  bolsheviks did n't have a monopoly on revolution . 
  this comment is retarded . 
  now i ca n't unsee the image of inflating erdogan screaming with thin voice , who then explodes . 
  i hope you 're happy . 
  in russia you can actually be forced to pay an alimony for a child that 's not yours , if you were married when the baby was born . 
  yeah , it 's that bad . 
  it sure did back then . 
  anti-abortion movement is not about forcing to have children . 
  with these charges , they should be put in single cameras . 
  extremists must be broken by penitentiary system , not just temporarily kept away from the society . 
  otherwise it 's just pointless . 
  well , this is not the only thing she 've said . 
  why everyone is pissed off ? 
  after all , it 's true . 
  title :  montenegro bars 149 russians first sentence :  montenegro has reportedly barred 149 russians and ukrainians, 
  there is also a 600k population drop since 2013 . 
  they are n't ultra-nationalists either . 
  depends . 
  unfiltered beer is far better in germany . 
  i think these are refugees coming back to dnr/lnr . 
  we took quite a lot of them in 2014, 
  oh piss off . 
  because he could call them out without standing next to putin . 
  i 'm sorry , but comments like `` he is so brave '' , `` i 'm so proud '' remind me russian `` patriots '' who praise unprofessional but `` honest '' approach to diplomacy . 
  i think he does this shit for free . 
  communism was n't `` the most viable alternative '' , there were many less radical revolutionaries . 
  communists just wiped out all their political opponents .
