  i 'm also from a bilingual home , but identify as finlandssvensk . 
  most of us ( ~ 5 % of population ) also speak finnish . 
  the people who only speak swedish are usually from rural areas where a majority speak swedish . 
  well stubb is a swedish speaking finn and his wife is british , so i assume they speak swedish and english at home . 
  although the kids probably speak some finnish , just not as mother tongue . 
  a french politician has a scorned ex lover ? 
  well i never ... 
  well exactly . 
  you guys have a gdp that 's one third bigger than russia 's , and you guys are n't intimidating switzerland or norway just because they are n't within your `` sphere of influence '' . 
  this whole empire shit is just so frustrating . 
  well the eu just does n't have the proper internal workings to be a strong player in this . 
  in russia the plan is made by six guys in a room , but we do n't work like that . 
  we are a union of sovereign nations , and we just ca n't jump to action . 
  it sucks , but that 's how it is . 
  our economic problems make this even worse . 
  we still have the nuclear option ( economic , not actual bombs ) . 
  it would destroy the russian economy , but it would also fuck us too much . 
  the russian people does n't care about trains running on time , they care about being strong and feared and relevant ( obviously not all but a big part ) . 
  russia has a gdp that 's slightly bigger than yours , but they want to hold this image of them being a superpower that the west should fear and respect . 
  they want to have a `` sphere of influence '' , and they think that it can be done by weapons . 
  care to provide a better one ? 
  i 've seen the art in question , and it 's shit . 
  it 's just really really offensive art . 
  it 's not thoughtful or thought provoking , it 's from the `` i 'm 14 and this will shock 4chan '' school of art . 
  he is undoubtedly a racist asshole . 
  but this was a person that not a lot of people knew about . 
  if the swedish government did n't charge him i would have never known who he was . 
  the current conviction makes the guardian write about the racist asshole in question . 
  the artist get 's huge amounts of publicity granted by the swedish judicial system . 
  the conviction made him famous . 
  his racist art will spread across the media . 
  the world ( or sweden ) did n't become less racist because of this conviction , so what 's the actual point ? 
  well are n't you very enlightened , over here we just have the politburo deciding who gets shot behind the shed . 
  the charge in question is not like murder or theft or fraud . 
  it 's by definition political . 
  that 's the reason why your neighbour matias does n't get convicted for `` defamation and inciting hatred against an ethnic group '' , even though he spews racists shit constantly . 
  the charge is designed to suppress people who through their actions might cause harm to others based on their race or religion . 
  my opinion was that the charge against this artist was counterproductive , in the same way that putting your neighbour matias in jail for posting racist shit on the internet would do more harm than good . 
  by going through with this charge they expose hundreds of times more people to the art that they are trying to suppress . 
  i was n't aware of that . 
  he obviously should have charged with this , for harassment/defamation , whatever the legal term is for this . 
  in fact i think it would have better publicity for the government . 
  the current conviction makes him look like someone who made art that the government disagrees with , rather than a man who harasses people who work against racism in a way that 's incredibly vile . 
  you did n't include the part about him being convicted for fraud and animal cruelty . 
  that 's how the finnish government responded to his art . 
  the actions of art societies or universities are not the finnish government and do n't represent the finnish people . 
  i think there 's more to it than language . 
  i believe that british universities have a better public image , people associate them with their own romantic images of oxford/cambridge academic life that they have seen in movies or read about in books . 
  kind of the same reason why a huge number of people around the world dream of moving to america , because they associate it with that whole `` rags to riches '' mythology . 
  this whole thing is just so silly . 
  jailing people because they make offensive art is not something that a civilized nation should do . 
  furthermore , how is this `` defamation and inciting hatred against an ethnic group '' ? 
  defamation sure , but inciting hatred ? 
  he 's is not some public figure calling for people to `` defend '' their neighbourhoods against muslims , he 's just an asshole making bad art . 
  i doubt that anyone will get the urge to beat up some immigrants because they saw one of his pictures . 
  secondly , this is the very definition of the streisand effect . 
  he 's going to become a martyr for the white supremacy movement , and people all around the world are going the spread his works . 
  infamous art sells , and i 'm pretty sure he 's going to earn a decent chunk of change once he gets out . 
  all of this could have been very easily avoided . 
  we really should just change ours . 
  [ finlandia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5zg_af9b8c ) is in every way superior compared to our current [ national anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzz_uk8flmq ) . 
  there is quite an important difference between spying and mass surveillance . 
  and my point was that his tune is likely to change . 
  these are just his own personal opinions on the matter of nato . 
  come 2015 `` we should join nato '' will change to `` we should explore the possibility of joining with sweden and within parliament '' or something along those lines . 
  i find it unlikely that he would campaign on trying to push the issue through parliament , since there just is n't enough support . 
  ** finland ** new prime minister !, 
  [ alexander stubb ] ( http://imgur.com/hdaj2lz ) was elected by the national coalition party as the successor for the recently resigned former pm . 
  his domestic policies are still a bit of a mystery since he has mostly worked in foreign affairs , most notably as the minister for foreign affairs ( 2008-2010 ) , and minister for eu affairs in the current government . 
  he is the first pm to actively support joining nato . 
  what is known about his domestic policies is that he is certainly much more economically liberal than his successor , and he has consistently stood for lower taxes . 
  other than that he 's mostly famous for his active twittering , fanatical athleticism , and his glorious teeth . 
  stubb was n't elected . 
  the former pm resigned , and stubb was chosen by his party as katainen 's successor . 
  these are just his earlier statements regarding nato , not something he ran on . 
  this got me really inspired . 
  i think i 'm going to head to the chinese embassy and protest the actions of russia . 
  i guess they are , in that eurovision type silly way . 
  they are everything 10 year old me would hold cool and awesome , all rolled into one glorious act . 
  quite true , and the 2006 winner from finland , [ lordi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gah9nrgnhuu ) is a prime example of this . 
  did they win because they had the best song ? 
  did they win because they were dressed in monster costumes and played metal ? 
  yes . 
  as you say , it 's supposed to be weird and funny and a bit camp . 
  it 's only now that a contestant is tied with something political , namely the [ gay agenda ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bw7op86ox9g ) , that people are calling injustice because someone won on a gimmick rather than the merits of their song . 
  * disclaimer : my legal knowledge is based on mostly forgotten articles and things overheard in pubs . 
  * is n't the biggest obstacle for any european state granting asylum to snowden that in order to do so they must first legally rule that the asylum seekers country does n't qualify as a `` justice state '' . 
  which is one thing when it 's a saudi woman accused of driving a car , and a whole other thing when it 's an american accused of treason . 
  basically the danish government would have to state that the us does n't really meet their standards of a western legal system , which as you might imagine is a bit problematic . 
  it would also open the door for future asylum seekers from the us citing the snowden case as legal grounds for the danish government to protect them from the us legal system , which i imagine would make the diplomatic relation between denmark and the us slightly more shitty . 
  this has been one of the best ways to get old school soviets on putin 's side . 
  russia has really milked the `` strong russians against fascism '' ww2 angle when it comes to the ukraine crisis . 
   everyone knows the free world wo n't stand up for a non-nato country it has n't as much to do with nato as it has with the fact that currently nobody really knows what ukraine is . 
  the interim government is fragile , and no one knows where it will be a year from now . 
  this is exactly what russia wants . 
  nothing would be worse for russia than a formerly pro-russia ( in their pocket ) government successfully limiting corruption and gaining liberties in a general `` westernification '' . 
  the success of the new government in ukraine poses a great threat to the whole idea of the eurasian union , since the idea of a peoples revolution could easily spread across the countries in question . 
  whether or not the rise of new fascism in ukraine is perpetrated by kremlin , it does damn well does play in to their hand . 
  it 's a hitchhikers guide to the galaxy reference . 
  in one of the books the section in the guide about earth gets edited down to `` mostly harmless '' .
