i do n't want to sound like an asshole , but who does n't proofread their coming out announcement ? 
  i mean it 's a pretty big deal and it 's going to get retweeted and printed in newspapers . 
  other than that , good for him . 
  not to nitpick , but i assume you mean coming out rather than being gay . 
  the big thing here is that a foreign minister of an ~ ~ eastern ~ ~ european country can come out on his own terms , and hold his post , not that he 's gay . 
  it 's the openness that pushes the lgbt movement forward . 
  edited : for unity, 
  meh , campaign finance has n't got much to with the voting system . 
  the supreme court decisions that allow for that kind of corruption would still be the same no matter how you decide to count votes . 
  the only form of corruption that is a direct consequence of first-past-the-post voting is gerrymandering ( strategically drawing district lines ) . 
  it 's got nothing to do with actual history , it 's just typical conservative populist fear mongering language . 
  it 's always about `` stuffing down our throats '' or `` chipping away at the foundation of our country '' etc combined with something scary from history , preferably nazis or communists . 
  just last week the leader of the true finns party called gay marriage supporters `` cultural marxists '' . 
  it does n't mean anything , but it sounds oh so very frightening . 
  the fact that someone has learned to speak many languages does n't mean that they did so easily . 
  i * could * learn german and french , but to be honest i could n't be bothered . 
  the reason why i 'm not going to do that is because it takes a fuckton of hard work . 
  not the same guy , but i 'll take a shot . 
  voting in the us and the uk works by the [ first-past-the-post ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first-past-the-post_voting ) method , which almost always results in a two-party system . 
  voting in finland is based on the [ d'hondt method ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/d%27hondt_method ) , which usually creates a system with many parties . 
  we currently have 8 parties in parliament , 4 big and 4 small . 
  in 2011 the true finns , a nationalist populist party , made a huge electoral win , changing them from a small to a large party . 
  this messed up the power balance , which ended up in a 6 party government with a two party opposition ( centre party , true finns ) . 
  the government was led by the national coalition party and the social democrats , essentially the big right wing and left wing party respectively . 
  as you can imagine that is a somewhat tricky starting point . 
  since 2011 two parties have left the government , the pm resigned , the finance minister/leader of the social democrats internally voted out to name the big ones . 
  the former leaders of the government were both centrists , which meant that it sort of worked , but that 's no longer the case . 
  the new leaders ( pm stubb and fm rinne ) are much closer to their parties ideological standpoint than their predecessors , making cooperation pretty darn difficult . 
  all this is happening while they 're trying to somehow complete the biggest reform in social welfare and healthcare in decades . 
  currently the government is just creaking under it 's own impossibility . 
  ** tl : dr a government formed by the major left wing and right wing party makes things difficult . 
  [ the video is better ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbmgub89huy ), 
  it 's nice to know that my mother tongue is not actually swedish . 
  maybe we could call it `` almost swedish '' or `` did n't quite make it swedish '' ? 
  also , what happened 60 years ago ? 
  ahhh ... ok . a lot less weird now . 
  a lot of things have changed in the last decade . 
  still , it sucks that it happened . 
  the shitstorm would be located here , not in the us . 
  obviously they wo n't make a statement , but if someone here caught a sniff of this story it would blow up . 
  did this happen recently ? 
   i had a navy buddy whose ship made a port call in finland and they had to leave early because some locals were harassing black sailors . 
  i would just like to point out that if this actually happened it would be a huuuge media shit storm . 
  much in the same way that white people come in many shades of beige . 
  as a beige person with shades of pink i totally agree . 
  yeah that 's the whole thing , which is really beautiful . 
  the hymn part starts at 6:10 ( although without the lyrics ) . 
  [ finlandia hymn , the song that should be our national anthem but sadly is n't ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dggu5iwp5z8 ), 
  as far as i 'm aware the amount of money the us military spends on ready troops in europe is negligible compared to the middle east . 
  nato : s primary function is to serve as a deterrent to russia , which actually does n't cost that much . 
  bases the us has in germany or poland are really not the first place the us military should look to trim considering the the billions simply lost in iraq and afganistan . 
  other than that i agree with you . 
  there should be a military alliance in europe without the us . 
  the reason why countries join nato is because there is no realistic way to coordinate the armies of eu countries against an invader , and there is no agreement to do so . 
  a proper military alliance would both strengthen the eu internally , as well as decrease the reliance on uncle sam in military matters . 
  they really should . 
  as far as i 'm aware there is n't a forum that 's this big and diverse when it comes to europe . 
  considering that the general atmosphere , compared to many other parts of the internet , is civil as fuck and the people eu friendly , it 's just silly that they do n't reach out more . 
  the swedish military released a grainy photo of what appears to be a periscope/top bit of a submarine . 
  some internet detective figured out [ what it actually is . 
  personally i suspect the estonians . 
  this is exactly the sort of thing they might do . 
   fight any forms and manifestations of racism , xenophobia , aggressive nationalism and chauvinism breaking news !, 
  in an unprecedented move putin has declared war on russia !, 
  all national tv stations have been shut down , and the army is preparing to bomb the kremlin . 
  soldiers that really love russia but hate women have been seen jumping from tall buildings to their own death . 
  the current situation is chaotic . 
  meanwhile , physicist at cern are concerned that the occurring paradox might cause a black hole , consuming all human life . 
  the director of cern was last seen running away , screaming about unprecedented levels of bullshit disturbing the space-time continuum . 
  next for the weather , which is chilly with small dose of radiation . 
   sometimes with milk and lemon . 
  these demands are truly ridiculous . 
  before oslo cities like stockholm , krakow , and munich all withdrew from the bidding . 
  the only countries left are china and kazakhstan . 
  is n't that wonderful . 
  there 's no need to make new ones , there 's plenty left for everyone since the last go around . 
  i know what you 're trying to say , but it honestly does n't make me feel any better . 
  this whole return of the cold war rhetoric is in itself a very unpleasant thing . 
  oh thank god we have nothing to worry about . 
  for a second there i thought americans might be injured . 
  thankfully we 're in / r/murica , otherwise people living near the border might find this comment silly . 
  if you want to venture outside of italy i really recommend croatia . 
  i believe there are ferries that go between italy and croatia . 
  it 's an incredibly beautiful country , and quite a bit cheaper than the big italian cities . 
  i went to split and had an absolute blast . 
  what countries/cities are you planning to visit ? 
  that 's interesting , over here i do n't even think it 's possible to leave the church through the tax agency . 
  we have a web service ( eroakirkosta.fi ) that you use to resign . 
  it 's not a government sanctioned website , but it sends your info to the church and they have to resign you . 
  you input your name and social security number and then it 's done . 
  it 's been kind of shitty for the church , 420 000 people have used the service to resign ( yesterday 87 ) . 
  that makes sense . 
  but why do you need to go to the tax agencies webpage , does n't it stop automatically once you resign from the church ? 
  can you stop paying if you 're a member of the state church ? 
  it 's not a membership fee . 
  if the church started sending bills to your home , and expelling people if they failed to pay , then it would be a membership fee . 
  and at least in finland , it 's literally a tax , as in 1 % of earned income . 
  if those who earn more pay more then it 's a tax , not a membership fee . 
  that exchange perfectly sums up the experience of doing the military service in dragsvik . 
  i used swedish speaking finn as translation for finlandssvensk , i 'm not really sure what it actually is in english .
