  exactly . 
  there essentially no scenario where finland would be invaded without sweden being utterly and completely fucked . 
  even though russia could invade finland pretty easily , the following occupation would be very costly to the russians . 
  finland has a pretty big reserve , but even more importantly a command that 's designed to function after helsinki has been lost . 
  since the last go around with the russians essentially all infrastructure is built with national defense in mind . 
  there 's weapon caches all around the country , highways have landing strips , all bridges can be easily detonated etc. 
  even after extremely heavy losses there would still be a 100 000 dudes running around the forests conducting a guerrilla war , which the russian would have to weed out . 
  the finnish defense is more about making it as big of a pain in the ass as possible , rather than defending the border at all costs . 
  i heard that the whole `` surrendering french '' stereotype comes from the fact that a lot of brits emigrated to the us , where as few french people did . 
  obviously the brits having fought a shit ton of wars with the french are going to tell themselves that the french are a bunch of cowards . 
  so the myth of french military defeats spread from the brits to the yanks , and from the yanks to the rest of the world . 
  it 's important to note that one of the many things yanukovych did was to push trough constitutional changes which overruled the 2004 constitution , essentially turning ukraine into a presidential democracy instead of a parliamentary democracy . 
  if obama greatly reduce the power of congress , hence making his position different than the one he was elected for , would his actions be legitimate because he was elected by the people ? 
  is n't the reason why there is so many young men among the refugees that they plan on applying for family reunification ? 
  the big family with the children and elderly are in some camp in jordan or turkey ( or still in syria/iraq ) waiting for the young men they sent to get asylum . 
  there was an interview with some of these young men on tv asking why they were planning on going to finland , and basically the only reason was lenient family reunification laws . 
  i 'm afraid you 're right . 
  there are loads of young men in northern rural finland without jobs or a future , who are bored out of their minds and already aboard on the anti-immigrant rhetoric . 
  if something horrific like a rape were to happen there 's a real possibility of honest to god lynch mobs . 
  if that happens it would lead to a shitstorm of absolutely massive proportions . 
  we `` care '' more about cecil because it 's an incredibly simple narrative that takes 1 minute to get . 
  it makes us angry in the same way that horror movies make us scared , safely and without consequence . 
  it 's something that everybody can rally around and let out some steam . 
  the migrant crisis on the other hand makes you sad , scared , and confused . 
  there are many simultaneous narratives , and it 's difficult to form a coherent opinion about what 's happening . 
  add to this the subject matter dealing with racism , crime , islam , inequality , terrible wars etc. 
  and suddenly people just do n't want to read or talk about it . 
  most will just rather not think about it . 
   it 's rather incredible how fast they 're growing , although the media is strongly biased against them . 
  i think that 's a big reason why they are so successful . 
  people feel a strong disconnect between the political debate and reality when it comes to immigration and it 's effects . 
  one thing i remember from the last swedish election is a svt interview with some professor of political science who was shocked and appalled , and could n't understand why 13 % of swedes would vote for sd . 
  which either means that a ) she 's really bad at her job , or b ) there 's a huge amount of self-censorship going on . 
  i think a lot of the rise of sd has to do with the discussion around immigration , rather than immigration itself . 
  when a party that proposes immigration levels similar to that of the rest of the nordic countries , and gets crucified for it , many people feel like the media and politicians are taking crazy pills . 
  people are tired of the endless `` was this statement racist ?! '', 
  `` famous person offends with controversial joke ! '', 
  style witch hunt headlines . 
  if the only way to start discussions about immigration without fear for one 's reputation and livelihood is to legitimize sd , that 's what people are going to do . 
  sd 's support is going to drop once other major parties start to actually discuss the issue . 
  it 's worth noting that the 54 000 $ fine was calculated from his 2013 income , 6,5 million euros . 
  50 000 is n't all that much to state , and there 's only a handful of people who make over 5 million a year in finland . 
  someone making 300 000 $ / year ( your average rich person ) would be fined 1480 $ , which is literal pocket change for the government . 
  increased patrolling in rich areas is n't free , so at the end of the day i do n't think they would make that much , if any . 
  as far as i can tell you did n't really say your opinion . 
  you claimed circlejerk and went on whining about downvotes . 
  you said nothing regarding why this film should be banned or not . 
  `` bordering nation '', 
  to be honest it sounds like a cheap airline . 
  yeah , it got the `` born in the usa '' treatment . 
   ukraine and georgia are good examples of this . 
  neither of them are eu members . 
  it 's all very much murky waters . 
  i have a hard time imaging an invasion of finland/sweden not escalating to a russia v nato conflict . 
  the eu would be at de-facto war with russia . 
  russia would be kicked out of swift , russian assets would be freezed , gas/oil trade would stop etc. 
  all this would inevitably be seen as an act of war by the russians . 
  and if russia is at war with the eu it 's by extension at war with nato . 
  the traditional thinking is that joining nato will increase the risk of conflict rather than deter it . 
  the risk of invasion has for a very long time been 0 , so why piss off russia . 
  it would more likely that we would get dragged into a conflict because we 're nato , than a conflict starting here requiring nato help . 
  obviously things like eu and how russia has been acting lately has made all this very complicated . 
  still , the realpolitik calculation stands . 
  will the backlash from russia be greater than the protection for an unlikely attack ? 
  currently yes . 
  until the threat becomes bigger it 's not worth the inevitable reaction from russia . 
  yeah , stubb is going to go . 
  he has been really unpopular during his short reign as pm , and his party 's support has declined significantly because of him . 
  in a different government and different economic situation he might have made a decent pm , but he 's not the right man for the job now . 
  stubb is personally pro-nato , but the government is n't . 
  public support needs to increase significantly for it to even be considered seriously . 
  also , the election is one week away and stubb has 0 % chance of remaining pm , so there 's that . 
  in finnish their name has always been perussuomalaiset , which literally means basic or average finns . 
  to be fair the original translation true finns has a much worse connotation than the original name . 
  makes very little difference in an all-out nuclear attack . 
  it might intercept a couple , but we 're talking about hundreds of missiles . 
  it 's like getting shot a 100 times instead of 110 , you 're dead either way . 
  i like the two thread solution . 
  i agree that it 's admirable that some people put huge amounts of effort to compile articles they see as important . 
  for some countries ( like russia ) it 's actually very helpful and informative . 
  for others ( like finland , belgium , or portugal ) it often becomes a bit overkill . 
  the huge submissions create a standard that discourage people from posting less comprehensive/researched posts . 
  i think there could be one serious and one not so serious . 
  the former about what happened in your country and the latter what was talked about in your country . 
  i 've had mixed feelings towards the whiyctw threads . 
  on one hand they are great for finding out about events that would n't get much attention on international media . 
  but on the other it felt like people were answering the question literally , as in a comprehensive collection of all the events of the week . 
  reddit is not my job , it 's something i do in my free time , and if i 'm honest i wo n't read 20 google translated articles about the current events in hungary . 
  how many people actually read through the massive collections of links ? 
  personally , i think whiyctw could be a bit more lighthearted . 
  a few articles that were the most talked about/controversial in your country . 
  could be serious political stuff or a celebrity scandal . 
  more what people are talking about , rather than what * actually * happened this week . 
   europeans are not only afraid of guns , but think they are uncivilized . 
  i do n't think most europeans see guns as uncivilized , but rather the us gun culture . 
  many european countries ( mine for example ) have very high rates of gun ownership . 
  the difference is we do n't go to the shops with a pistol in our holster , living out some wild wild west frontier fantasy . 
   when they do they are instructed to aim to legs . 
  there is no way this is true . 
  guns do n't work like they do in the movies where shooting someone in the leg is an easy and non-lethal way to magically stop a person .
