  the definition of certain races may change with time to include or exclude certain people , or new races come to existence , but ultimately , racial identity is a very real concept which wo n't go away in the forseeable future , and as such it is meaningful . 
  well , you see , if some interpretate differently what the concept of human life is , there is significant subjectivity to laws . 
  full out extinction is going to take very long , but losing its dominant position in their own country is very much reality , even the us official ethnic census predicts us becoming majority non-white this century . 
  spme european cities will under current trends become majority non-white this century as well . 
   it does n't , really . 
  show me a single court case in which the judge did n't go with the general meaning of the law . 
  abortion . 
  despite international laws and treaties on human rights defending the right of humans to live , abortion is legal because judges reject to recognise the humanity of unborn children , even though biologically and historically human life is considered to start at fertilisation . 
  that 's why i 'm saying it all depends upon who interpretates laws . 
  cntinual calls for muslims to be kicked out can just as well be seen as part of an campaign with intent of destabilising the mental well-being of muslims and muslim families and as such their life chances within society , which do n't seem to me as innocent things . 
  it 's the issue when people talk about laws they do n't understand how subjective the interpretations of such is , and why having a good lawyer is so important . 
  with laws it always depends on who interpretates them . 
  basically mockery can be interpretated as hate speech just as online threats , but they can also be interpretated as jokes . 
  for example , if someone says ` all you white people shall be burned alive once we take over germany ' , do you think it has the same legal outcomes as ` all muslims should be kicked out of germany ' ? 
  i certainly do n't . 
  no , you ca n't in germany . 
  i know since people from germany told me they had uninvited guests as result of writing facebook comments . 
  so you agree with him then that germans do n't embrace that concept or why do you seem surprised ? 
  right , but it 's not fun when mocking and ridiculing people or the right to exist of only particular groups is legal . 
  i do n't think it is funny to make fun of the extinction of a race or ethnicity , and even question the validity of being against that . 
  they are mocking people they identify as white supremacists , and that is basically anyone who is against ethnic/white replacement within his country , especially if identity is one of the arguments . 
  never heard about the concept of racial purity ? 
  cool . 
  i love the bridge . 
  yeah , and that is because of the power of the western liberal media . 
  well , the official video on yt was taken down , the comments on their fb channel about it do not seem too positive either . 
  it 's not satire if it 's true . 
  well , there was a shitstorm . 
  i think what you are meaning is ` shitstorm in the western liberal media ' . 
  1 minute and 8 seconds . 
  but still a lot more than any other record on the map . 
  the author has some points , but yes , i agree , starting from the title the article is clearly heavily biased , sensationalist and/or propagandistic in nature . 
  lol monaco, 
  how is this real if our eyes are n't real ? 
   in lithuania , 100 citizen cyber-sleuths dubbed `` elves '' link up digitally to identify and beat back the people employed on social media to spread russian disinformation . 
  they call the daily skirmishes `` elves vs. trolls . '' is n't that trolling ? 
  it is . 
  both are used all the time , but i do agree that using ` germany ' is politically more correct . 
  how do you mean ? 
  a european federation has been suggested and envisioned by many people . 
  america has been supportive of the eu , but they did n't come up with the idea . 
  if it ever comes to croatia , i 'll change my legal gender just ridicule the system and make it collapse faster that way . 
  just because citizenship has been granted on politically motivated terms , stripping citizenship off due to political motives ca n't be acceptable . 
  well , if english/american cultural exports are more popular than your own production ( music/films/tv shows ) , it certainly threatens your national identity . 
  i do n't think that threatened national identity is really a result of the eu but of americanisation and the post-ww2 world order . 
  generally , the eu is shaky , but disbanding it is a bad option in my view . 
  people will complain about corruption or policy making within the eu , but realistically - no matter how you organise society , whether as nation states or members of the eu , that will still remain for the forseeable future . 
  shut it down !, 
  i do n't think it 's possible to force equal prices whether on national or eu level . 
  it 's normal practice to equate governments and people subject to that government . 
  i do n't think anyone thinks how every single german out there is involved in that scheme . 
  ` shocked ', 
  britain has gone completely mad . 
  i blame their tabloids for that . 
  i 'm reading propaganda from both sides . 
  i am aware of a lot of the issues regarding relations between baltic states and russians . 
  i am not siding with russia , i am just saying you guys need a better foreign policy that takes into regard how to protect your peace in a changing geopolitical environment . 
  so you are saying that there 's no issue ? 
  i agree that she 's insanse . 
  eurostat autumn 2016 i am not saying anything that you are saying is n't truthful , i am saying that if people have a majority bad opinion on it , trying to force it regardless is undemocratic . 
  i hope bulgarians will inform that business association what they think of that . 
  bulgarians should organise a trollstorm on key affiliates of that association and their family members if it 's possible . 
  that 's crazy . 
  why would they do that considering bulgaria is doing perfectly fine ? 
  there is no different rule for gay people , only for men having sex with men , regardless of their orientation . 
  that is not going to happen . 
  i do n't think eu had ever a sincere relation with turkey , but always wanted to control turkey due to its vital geopolitical position for the eu . 
  this was nothing unexpected . 
  you call me insane , but maybe for once listen to others because maybe at one point things will get too far and it would be far too late to fix them ... 
  merkel is a ultra-nationalist which endorses a highly aggressive foreign and economic policy through which it seeks to dominate rest of europe and through the eu the rest of the world . 
  i know most germans are not interested into that and are genuine people , however you are led by mad people very thirsty for power . 
  is business really possible without relations ? 
  to me it seems that germany is trying to revive the ribbentrop-molotov pact and involve itself in other shady activities regarding shifting balance power in europe and the globe in their favour through it . 
   gender studies oh wow it 's retarded ... 
  it was catering to our religious part of society really . 
  i do n't see it as a direct threat , but it is n't random , either . 
   one notable target of repression is central european university , a bastion of open debate , teaching , and research in hungary , which is funded by george soros . 
  can anyone confirm this claim , or is it as i would assume just a place where debate means ` leftist circlejerking ' ? 
  calling for help of god does n't threaten society . 
  however , someone calling for help of god may be more likely to threaten secularity . 
  regardless , secularity is n't as threatened . 
  i really hope i am not imagining that younger people as me do not give relevance to the opinion of the church , which is essential in maintaining secularity . 
   independent.co uk  brexit will fail ` shocked ', 
  looks like they are injecting pee into the euro . 
  how do you mean ? 
  anthony bourdain made an interview with a german where they touched nazism and race . 
  the german said the only solution was for the whole world to mix up and become ` capuccino skinned ' , when asked , he reaffirmed no white people would exist any more . 
  just to clarify - i was quoting a german leftists saying he hopes everyone becomes capuccino skinned eventually and no whites are left as the ultimate solution to all world 's problems . 
  if you need the link to him , i 'll gladly provide, 
  it says it 's a different building , not modernised or restored . 
  there 's leftists openly predicting and calling for europe to become capuccino skinned in the future . 
  why would it be weird if leftist media did so as well ? 
  so you are anti-establishment , but link an article which explains why anti-establishment parties have no chance in germany ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  i assume germans , but it 's not like ethnicity plays a role into that ? 
  thanks for your contribution . 
  yes , you did . 
  you are continually talking about necessity for or lack of education - when education has absolutely nothing to do with the conspiracy theories i put out here . 
  oh i am vocal , most people offline are completely defenseless debating with a skilled ` online troll ' and get very upset very quickly . 
  it is true they try to lecture me , though , but they do n't talk about lack of education since nobody offline questions my education , as do some west europeans as soon as they see my flag .
