  honestly , i do n't even remember ever seeing anyone offer that type of pizza in croatia , ever . 
  if there were , i would n't know . 
  increase minimum wage/reduce income tax . 
  well , there 's other ways , they just are n't as good . 
  anything they want to . 
  they can just raise people 's income or invest in something else . 
  croatia ahead of sweden in 8 years ? 
  i assume this is a joke ... 
  not really . 
  germany has to spend more , and that is that really . 
  everything else will balance itself out . 
  i just find it ironic when people claim to be of some pure ethnic origins disregarding their whole history . 
  like throughout europe , people have either some jewish , roma , turkish , inuit , mongol , arab ancestry considering our history , and now in modern times it will also be other ethnic groups that will add admixtures . 
  in america , many ` white ' people are completely unaware of their sub-saharan ancestry , which regularly scores at least few percentages on ethnic dna tests there . 
  it 's complicated . 
  they do and do n't . 
  y-dna haplogroups are used in population genetics to describe migrations often , though . 
  but there obviously was a failure when the whole migration crisis basically resulted in fences and borders to return . 
  i am not saying that the eu is to blame any more than the national governments for the failure , but that the eu did n't do anything to stop the national governments in their policies . 
  weird . 
  i know that iranian and aryan have the same origins , so he probably is n't even incorrect in that , but the haplogroup considered to be most tied with indo-european expansions were r1 subclades , [ which seem rather low in iran ] ( http://realhistoryww.com/world_history/ancient/misc/data/map_r.jpg ) . 
  i do and do n't agree . 
  the eu is siding with the national governments over how to treat the migration crisis . 
  they do not pressure the national governments enough over an incredibly unpopular policy , but the ones opposing it . 
  that 's how the eu 's reputation is negatively affected . 
  i think that the term ` countries of the eu ' also had a negative impact on the poll . 
  just labelling it ` the eu ' would have done better . 
  regardless , yes many people are naive , disinformed and lack self-respect , but ultimately the eu gave itself a bad reputation due to the migration crisis . 
  so you are saying muslims moving to sweden comes as payback for sweden burning their mosques and looting them centuries ago ? 
   but , ffs , the whole point of this thread was `` hungary to support poland '' . 
  and the hungarians and slavs all have this anti-immigrant attitude . 
  [ false . ], 
  ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/15/ec/aa/15ecaa788e9a2472b1cec2877d32fee2.png ) it is true that there are more negative opinions on non-eu immigration , but it is n't as universal as you present it , or that different than rest of eu . 
  putin is turning russians into zombies . 
  lets say that everything is fine now ( it is n't really considering russian economy is contracting ) , but what when putin dies ? 
  the country might just as well turn into chaos until another ` strong and stable ' leader reestablishes total rule ... 
  he said basically nothing of substance . 
  thinking it is better if other people replace your own people sounds like self-hate to me . 
  it 's not about caring of other people 's skin colour , but the existence of your own ethnicity . 
  many take pride in their ethnicity and do n't want it to be vanished . 
  not saying all , of course , there 's also self-hating people . 
  it is replacing a dying population with foreigners . 
  if trends remain unchanged , europe will become ethnically non-european eventually . 
  nowadays far-right means to be against population replacement apparently . 
  ` shocked . ', 
  i disagree that we could influence them . 
  china does grow but that is also already slowing down . 
  we should offer them reciprocity , i. e. give chinese businesses and investments a headache when dealing within the eu . 
  the less we as the eu deal with prc the better . 
  cool . 
  i do n't know what segregationism means , but from what i know , they want the ethnic non-europeans out , or something similar . 
  it seems to be really chaotic walking through there . 
  like many people just walk in the middle of the street rather than by side . 
  i may be not well-informed on that subject , but is n't it also an issue that meat producers have higher subsidies and support than producers of plant-based ` meat ' ? 
  i personally am very fond of plant-based protein products , even though i consume meat regularly as well . 
  people will say that it threatens our traditions , which is true , but innovations always threaten traditions . 
  we ca n't just decide to freeze our society in time to remain forever as it is . 
  is n't it ? 
   barely a week goes by without a tale of inappropriate public pooping going viral . 
  i really do n't get why people do this . 
  but again , i 'm not a hiking type of person . 
  is it normal for hikers to defecate in the open ? 
  there are lies and made-up stories on almost all fronts . 
  however , i see censorship only towards right-wing media . 
  here 's an example of msm bs : https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2015/02/20/is-vladimir-putin-hiding-a-200-billion-fortune-and-if-so-does-it-matter/, 
  i 'm very annoyed about the bias in labeling certain sources as ` disreputable ' . 
  no data for 2016/2017 ? 
  the idea is to get more votes by granting people the right to vote . 
  oh , how naive they are ... 
  i love the way you think . 
  i 'm pretty sure it is n't considered any more , and to be honest , probably even never was . 
  i would vote for it but i 'm not going to give any personal information , so that 's that . 
  i always knew that west europeans largely lie when it comes to racism . 
  they just pretend to be cool with ethnic people due to political corectness , but in reality they are n't any different , in fact even worse according to this map . 
  it 's guardian , what did you expect ? 
   in years past , germans developed a vision of a cohesive eu run from brussels , steered mostly by germany and underwritten by american power . 
  now they fear a future in which strongmen in washington , moscow and beijing divide europe and push around the pieces . 
  germany led the g20 meeting confidently , but it feels increasingly insecure . 
  if she feels threatened by overseas strongmen , let the eu have its own strongman . 
  the eu should have its leader elected directly via proportional voting , and should have equal or greater influence than the ep and be the one directly deciding on the eu foreign policy and future . 
  do n't let online commentators steal your dreams and ideals . 
  if you genuinely like the eu , keep doing that , if you do n't , fine with me . 
  so brexit really means brexit ? 
  oh goodness me ... 
   latest poll dutch seem to be still salty about that plane . 
  lol !, 
  very aggressive and hawkish attitude towards eu members . 
  the issue is merkel 's ultranationalist policies . 
  her rule over germany is having a negative impact upon the rest of the eu , i feel . 
  i completely agree with the article even though i did n't read it . 
  he seems cool and genuine . 
  i think that , yes , both eu and uk should take great consideration into each others interests . 
  i am aware that it wo n't happen , but i do n't see why we as people/citizenry should support them in that . 
  oh , here un croatia they said he was greek . 
  my apologies . 
   i want the uk gov to serve the people of the uk , not ireland . 
  they have a duty to continue with brexit regardless of whatever impact it has on ireland , a foreign country that has its own government looking out for it . 
  it 's not our fault ireland is vulnerable and weak in this situation . 
  i think it is uncool to just bother with your own interests . 
  ( for france ) 1 . disagree 2 .
