  ] ( https://youtu.be/tdrl3qxjyvw ), 
  i do n't think a divided eu is in the interest of any eu country , but population replacement is a non-negotiable issue regarding east eu . 
  interesting , but if i posted from the same source how 20 icelandic women fear of being infected with hiv by a refugee there , it would probably be considered as irrelevant and deleted . 
  i wonder if the eu will realise on time how serious poles are regarding their opinion on non-white immigrants . 
  also , if poland leaves , similar events can be expected in rest of east eu . 
  it was a yes or no question . 
  are you telling me that you are obese ? 
  which is a good thing considering the issues of obesity . 
  i guess us manufacturers do n't have such big issues meeting their standards as they basically do n't exist . 
  the map is completely misleading and false . 
  croatia was last occupied by yugoslavia in 1992 . 
  also , slovakia occupied by czechoslovakia and montenegro occupied by serbia and montenegro - what ? 
  i 'm croatian and ca n't stand it . 
  istrians are a minority in croatian part of istria . 
  most do n't self-identify as istrian . 
  some may have been misled by the title as they assumed it was about the animal , not sport . 
  i do n't get what you are trying to say . 
  we do n't celebrate the misery or tragedy of any individual . 
  i do n't know why serbs always come up with their own theories and pretend to know better than the ones who actually celebrate . 
   if we serbs celebrated the ethnic cleansing of kosovo , the west would go nuts . 
  it 's not a celebration of any kind of crime , ethnic cleansing , hate , etc. , but of victory . 
  i genuinely thought they liked [ actual crickets ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/cricket_ ( insect ) ) . 
  so we are to expect another set of neo-colonial policies towards africa predating on their solar energy capabilities ? 
  i disagree . 
  people lose their property all the time because they ca n't handle changing times , like loss of income . 
  it is n't just tourism . 
  not surprised at all . 
  because in order to perform there you need to ultimately cooperate with the government there , and as such it is seen as an act of recognising their authority there . 
  it 's perceived as such . 
  but do people achieve anything on their own ? 
  do you think that a smart and hard-working person born into an tribe can achieve as much as one born in a more developed place ? 
  we as such are born into societies through which we inherit certain rights and privileges , and some societies give more opportunistic rights and privileges . 
  we actually achieve not as much on our own , but mostly through society and what we made out of that society . 
  it 's not about doing a good or bad thing , but about giving legitimacy to the government controlling crimea right now by performing there . 
  that 's all . 
  not sure if you are politically naive or insincere . 
  performing in crimea right now is seen as a very hostile act by ukraine . 
  the most reliable news is the one gathered from multiple sides and filtered down by someone who knows how things work in the media . 
  serbs dispute the authenticity of this claim based upon there being no visible remains of such civilians and lack of evidence ( claims of croatian witness does n't seem too reliable when its supposed to show serbs in a bad light ) . 
  i do n't see why anyone should self-censor . 
  open dialogue , i. e. shitstorms , are part and parcel of balkan culture . 
  nothing wrong with it . 
  there 's people which assume that as soon as a female acts nicely towards them , that she wants the d. 
  happy victory day to all my compatriots !, 
  i just did a copy-pasta from the article above . 
  the same year taliban 's cut doen on 99 % of their opium production , nato intervened there . 
  the same year taliban 's cut doen on 99 % of their opium production , nato intervened there . 
  if dirt in water was a concern for them , i assume they 'd know as it is a natural occurence in nature . 
   no , when he says ` nobody wants muslims / gypsies as neighbours ' he is factually incorrect , because there are plenty of people who will be perfectly happy to have muslims or gypsies for neighbours . 
  he did n't say that . 
   and yeah , if you are prejudiced towards an entire group of people and move away from an area purely because of the presence of such people then you 're a racist . 
  possibly , but even a person who thinks of all as equals is negatively affected by it if he lives there due to damage done to property values , unless that person itself plans to buy property . 
  well , he has some points . 
  for example , large influx of roma and/or some other racial groups often take down property values throughout the west . 
  you can blame racism on that , however , even non-racist people will be affected by such effects . 
  i do n't mind a no-restriction on submissions here , however , mods do n't like it, 
  the source is about perceived crime/safety . 
  pretty sure this will get deleted . 
  many people here do not condemn islamophobia and/or racism , which is why you probably got confused since you assumed it is a given . 
  how can croatia regulate its import tax by itself when its part of the eu ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  you think it 's fake news ? 
  the regional court did , however it still has to be approved by the supreme court . 
  the appeal is based upon him being under threat of unfair trial and treatment in serbia . 
  this is strange that due to such an incident serbia demands extradition from other countries . 
  they have n't . 
  they had stoped temporarily an ngo ship from departing on their previous mission ( no , no lives were threatened by the way they did it ) . 
  howeverm this mission is not about stopping ships from departing or on their routes , but the thing i mentioned up there . 
  you are just inventing things and believe fake news rather than the claims made by the organisers of this mission . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  the mission 's goal is to monitor ngo activities which the organisers believe to be involved in illegal human trafficking , not to repel migrants . 
  i 'n seriously tired of west eu trying to force diversity on the rest of the eu . 
  apparently , there is a book titled ` europe and the people without history ' , which apparently many black supremacist and other pro-black sites quote . 
  that 's probably the explanation why such images show . 
  i do n't know what they claimed , all the things i read about this specific mission was about exposing illegal human trafficking conducted by ngos . 
  regardless , article removed . 
  censorship on r/europe at its best . 
  it 's too long for me to go explain what is being said in the video , check the video out if you are interested about it . 
  because it is n't the same mission . 
  that mission 's goal was stopping ngos from departing from ports , and this mission 's goal is to monitor their activities to expose their illegal acts on camera . 
  that 's not the same mission . 
  here she claims that they just want to do journalism and to expose the work of ngos . 
  i do n't watch all her videos , so can you link that one where she claims otherwise ? 
  elaborate ? 
  are you trying to ridicule her ? 
  view the whole video . 
  why is there a large-scale attempt of sabotaging the mission when its only purpose is to monitor ngo activities and make sure there is no illegal human trafficking going on ? 
  lauren southern dismisses claims in [ huffpo ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/defend-europe-ship-c-star_uk_5970bfdde4b0110cb3cca59c ) and [ independent ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/anti-immigrant-ship-far-right-refugee-boats-stopped-suez-canal-c-star-defend-europe-islamophobic-a7851341.html ) as fake news . 
  i 'm honestly not bothered with other people in restaurants as long as everyone minds his own business . 
  i do n't recall ever being bothered by other people while eating out . 
  i disagree with most what you said . 
  i guess there 's different mentalities in place where no discussion has a point . 
  i think it 's crazy to avoid an apolitical restaurant , or to deny service to customers based upon their political views . 
  it 's either you like the food , or you do n't . 
  not that i care , though , but it gives a quite negative image of germany when instead of communication and open debate people prefer censorship , isolation and segregation . 
  absolutely . 
  due to media control in germany you would n't even know if a politician did something illegal , unless he was seen as a threat by the establishment . 
  you probably have absolutely no idea what sinister plots merkel and co are up to . 
  i am just voicing my opinion . 
  you are free to agree or disagree .
