expulsion is n't same as genocide, 
  wikipedia claims it were psychologists that started developing such tests . 
  i would n't compare that to homeopathy the very least regarding the relation to science . 
  i see the flaws in the study , but for czechia more xenophibic and racist attitudes than the average in europe , even east europe , is something i see on every occasion possible . 
  as i said , it 's not about judging or condemning anyone , but just that it really keeps being a thing over and over again . 
   implicit bias is to science what homeopathy is to medicine not true . 
  implicit bias tests are considered relevant and regularly used in scientific works . 
  ze germans are at it again . 
  issue is those results do align with [ iat scores ] ( https://gdb.rferl.org/fa3c848c-bd46-4d9a-9a28-d0e4cfa0b773.png ), 
  it is good , as it was just . 
  shut it down !, 
  if europe becomes significantly muslim , they will portray the reconquista as a crime and genocide . 
  i 'm pretty sure even now muslims in portugal and spain have their ` opinions ' on it . 
  shut it down !, 
  i personally believe that we should shut the dirty , smelly and bloody animal industry down . 
  that 's all . 
  you can agree or disagree with that , but i personally do n't feel comfortable with it existing . 
  these animals are largely being slaughtered and used for food . 
  sadly , animal abuse and torture for food is still a practice in majority of the world , inc. . europe . 
  you are asking too many questions ... 
  i personally could n't care less where people place my ethnicity and country , whether east/south/south-east europe , balkan , or else . 
  there always are differences between countries , cities , even villages that neighbour each other . 
  however , i strongly identify as croatian and slavic , and personally feel highly offended by westerners , muslims and asiatics which have been enslaving my people for centuries and using them as sex slaves and others , and now try to lecture us how we should take in refugees whose ancestors raped and robbed our people . . that 's where the name ` slave ' comes from - from the ethnonym ` slavs ' . 
  only thing i can find : https://www.tineye.com/search/52bca1cafb950ebc3de7512f23754455679737fe/?sort=crawl_date&amp;order=asc, 
  if you know the original creater , feel free to source it . 
  not my content , i found it on a site i ca n't source . 
  same was said in the croatian media , and some days after that ` dutch eggs withdrawn from stores ' . 
  i guess some want to shield the current dutch administration or the netherlands as a whole from negative feedback . 
  my core beliefs are what i consider truthful , and as such i believe the most the sources which do align with my core beliefs . 
  rt does n't pretend it is n't propaganda , while the msm does , which is what makes me like rt more . 
  if you trust western media , then you will obviously distrust russian state media . 
  i personally am sceptical about both , and choose to believe what suits my core belief , which is that there is massive propaganda , media control and censorship in western media ( not that there 's any less of that eleswhere ) . 
  [ same for germany . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/xji1sdvjvg0 ), 
  albania never even was part of yugoslavia or had ambitions to become such as , while some did want bulgaria to be part of it . 
  it 's weird , but i guess we all are weird so nobody is ever to blame . 
  obviously . 
  all those indexes are made up in a way to push a narrative . 
  they are not supposed to be objective . 
  i doubt race has anything to do with it , but demographic in sense that locals/permanent residents are being forced out of historical centers due to being overcrowded and rising prices . 
  [ mama merkel open the door !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/q_qqxlqyklu ), 
  as i said , you depend more on russia than vice-versa . 
  if global geopolitics suddenly shape in such a way that that the baltics are left alone against russia , they have the capability to destroy the baltics . 
  it 's in your interest to prevent such a case from happening . 
  this map is cancer . 
   tbh you 're one of the intellectually most dishonest and spineless people i have debated on reddit for a long time . 
  i get the feeling you are very young . 
  i only get the feeling that you are really butthurt . 
  i see no reason to justify anything , and it 's not just an east/west eu thing . 
  for example , my parents claim that certain branded food from croatia tastes differently in bosnia than here . 
  companies engage in many unethical practices , not only in germany , but everywhere . 
  if companies sell different products for certain markets , it must be labelled differently , whether it be food , tech , cars or anything else . 
   who decides the balance ? 
  i said it in another reply , holocaust denial is part and parcel of neo nazi ideology which does damage to society so i would n't , at least in germany , see it as separate . 
  the other things you 're mentioning are also legislated against so i do n't see why you think they 're being taken less serious , an example may help . 
  here is an example . 
  in croatia , you can see people all the time denying the magnitude of the holocaust in croatia and even claiming that croats were the actual victims . 
  how does that exactly affect society any more significantly than a random person making people feel insecure about vaccinating own children ? 
  it does n't . 
  i think that germany plans to censor only holocaust denial , while issues which actually affect people are ignored . 
   why do n't you just come out and say that you sympathize with this ideology , then at least for once you 'd be more truthful and less goalpost movy and contradiction dodgy . 
  i do n't know what sympathising with an ideology is supposed to be for you , but i do value people which do n't blindly follow mainstream narrative and think and research on their own . 
  i personally strongly self-identify as anti-establishment and as such i can relate to radical groups , even though i am completely non-violent and endorse such means of perpetuating change . 
   so you 'd be a good ruler because you 'd filter truthfully but since there are only interest groups doing the exact opposite we should just give up ? 
  well , i guess there needs to be balance , which is hard . 
  i do n't consider holocaust denial a threat to society equal to spreading misinformations and lies regarding pharmaceuticals/alternative medicine/vaccinations , however , in germany holocaust denial seems to be taken much more serious than those . 
   i 'm also still confused about your point of banning islam but letting people voice their opinion and feelings about it , effectively nullifying the ban . 
  tbh you come across as a little confused and ranty while avoiding addressing some simple contradictions your ideas pose . 
  my idea is such that i ca n't elaborate on it as i would get banned , but the ultimate result would be that there would be no islam in europe at least . 
  oh please . 
  i did n't read the whole article , but it is probably another article making unverified claims about putin having direct connections to fake news , hacking etc. 
  the ` reputable news ' keeps over and over again making unverified claims and even going as far as spreading clearly fake news . 
  it is both tiring and entertaining at the same time . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not denying that russia is highly likely to be interfering in the ways described , but that ` reputable news ' are quick to publish conspiracy theories , while they themselves make fun of anyone outside their own narrative doing so . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  throughout the world there 's peobably some inbreeding in rural areas . 
  why not mention the online shop so we can check it ourselves ? 
  i 'm not saying you are making things up , but if you actually were n't making things up , i would n't know . 
  not necessarily . 
  a girl i know wanted to have a baby as soon as she finished high school , and she did . 
  she does n't drink or smoke , but wanted a baby instead . 
  i do n't see problems with that . 
  nothing wrong with teens having kids . 
  better that than smoking or drinking alcohol . 
  i do consider the attempt of exterminating jews in europe ( the holocaust ) a fact . 
  i do n't consider the issue of current replacement immigration and forced political corectness untied to the post-ww2 order . 
  i 'm not trying to spread lies , only make people think for themselves beyond the mainstream . 
  that 's all . 
  it just further perpetuates the idea of jewcentrism in the west . 
  there 's indisputable evidence of hitler calling for the extermination of jews in europe , and that is not the issue in this whole lot . 
  the issue is that there 's right now a constant push for replacement immigration in europe resulting ultimately with native europeans/whites being reduced to a minority , and that the current mainstream establishment ( media , politicians , education ) largely ignores that , and those that speak out are beig bombarded with various labels , threats and censorship . 
  it 's not how it works . 
  everyone will always complain and ask for more money to their own , and present their issues as the most important for the state . 
  you always need an unbiased party to determine the real situation . 
  as i said , i 'm not saying he is n't right , i 'm saying that even if he were right , he should n't be taken as objective on the matter . 
  people in charge of defense will always claim their military is collapsing and present the situation in a way that validates increased military expenditure . 
  i 'm not saying the things he says are n't true , i 'm saying that he certainly is biased regarding the things he says . 
  because in serbia latin is more popular than cyrilic . 
  i 'm demanding that on a state-level , so whoever is part of my state , is going to be affected by it .
