  no , there are ` mainstream facts ' , i. e. informations being presented as factual by the mainstream . 
  just because you believe in those , does n't mean that you are a person listening to reason . 
  i myself question what is being pushed by the mainstream my whole life , and choose to not believe everything taught in schoolbooks as factual , but instead have an open mind . 
  i personally believe that the disbelief into mainstream ` facts ' is to blame on the mainstream , not the ones questioning them . 
  nothing to do with my sense of compassion . 
  how would i know that ? 
  i am not into such things , i am just saying that the comparisons are made with intent of misleading others . 
  the only relevant way to compare the amount or rate of eggs produced in either country infected with salmonella is by determining the number of each through ways which give acceptable results . 
  afd elitist ? 
  did n't know that . 
  any unbiased person can confirm that ? 
  i mean , they all probably are elitist . 
  even communists had their elites . 
  but that they present themselfes as elitists or are perceived as such sounds weird to me . 
  higher confirmed salmonellosis cases in the eu does n't mean european eggs are n't safer than us eggs regarding salmonella . 
  i really do n't see the point in such misleading comparisons . 
  the whole issue of our society is that it 's so backward you ca n't really do anything . 
  when special interests are given the ability to push lies as truth , present paid research as facts , there is no genuine future . 
  i personally am for strict information control to filter within society false , deceitful and junk informations , however , issue is that that is impossible as such means of control would be abused by interest groups , so anything you do in regard of controlling informations , is just worthless as the rulers are n't interested in the truth , but their own interests . 
  denmark sweden uk - srsly ? 
  i personally believe islam should be banned , but people should be free to voice their opinion on islam and isis . 
  yeah . 
  i think it is completely unacceptable . 
  i do n't consider those as valid reasons for jail . 
  i really hate the cruelty of the animal industry . 
  all state benefits to them should be cut and be redurected to plant-based proteins or lab-grown meat . 
  it 's not allowed here to go against the mainstream narrative , but i personally do not consider those numbers or studies as relevant . 
  you can mention them , but they 're meaningless to me . 
   it 's considered to be hate speech/incitement to racial hatred , which is a jailable offence in many countries . 
  and inpersonally consider that as irrelevant . 
  nobody should be jailed for denying the holocaust . 
  in which countries is hate speech a jailable offence ? 
  lets keep numbers out of this , as they keep changing . 
  as for the rest - not the first , not the last , and certainly not the most recent time . 
  i guess it 's me being butthurt over jewcentrism . 
  it means that the holocaust and issues revolving it are given more attention than they should be given on a global scale , and if i went into details i would be banned . 
  because the term is inherently jewcentric , but i guess that 's how the world is so we should just conform . 
  i do n't care , i just personally would n't ever consider such sources as relevant . 
  also - he got 7 years for denying a historical event ? 
  is this a joke ? 
  it 's ( i suppose ) a bit more subtle way of signalising the ( ( ( echo ) ) ) i guess . 
  lol ... 
  and how is this not irrelevant ? 
  i personally believe that the eu should take a stance against population replacement . 
  people say that all the time , and i personally think it is n't like that at all . 
  ` average european admixture among self-identified white hispanic americans is 73 % ( the average for hispanic americans regardless of race is 65.1 % ) , contrasting to that of non-hispanic european americans , whose european ancestry totals 98.6 % in average . ', 
   and hostilities/criticism against those are already at an all time high . 
  as that migration builds up steam , resistance grows harder . 
  recently for the first time , italy has targeted an ngo smuggling migrants to europe . 
  libya 's government has given green light for naval action in libyan coasts . 
  i do agree that changes can happen and i hope they do , but thing is i , just like any other person , ca n't know how exactly things will unfold in the future . 
  that 's why you need to be loud and not be afraid to voice your opinion because at some moment in time it could be far too late . 
   i fail to see the issue as to why someone 's skin color would be a problem . 
  can you expand on this ? 
  i do n't have issue of accepting current ethnic minorities of the eu , my issue are current trends and to what point that goes . 
  it is an issue of identity to me . 
   ` current trends ' . 
  yes , fertility is higher among non-whites , but it is decreasing faster than that of whites . 
  fertility rates of non-white will eventually catch up with that of whites . 
  it 's not only that . 
  there 's waves of mass immigration and refugee waves into europe . 
  germany got in less than 2 years more than a million new inhabitants . 
  it is something not predictable at all , nobody knows how many more are being let in and how many more will be let in . 
  do i have to mention that all major media predicts not less , but more global refugees , specifically from africa , coming to europe in the upcoming periods ? 
  america has had a [ rapid shift ] ( https://www.brookings.edu/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/divx-keynote-white-and-minority-populations_16x9.jpg ) in ethnic make-up in the past 50 years . 
  from 1870-1970 america was 87-90 % white according to 10-years ethnic statistics . 
  this is a contemporary phenomenon not only there , but in west eu as well . 
  major west european capitals have a very diverse population and ethnically significantly differ from themselves 50 years ago . 
  people can keep denying that , i am just saying they are deluded if they expect east eu will just go along with that and adopt similar policies . 
  eurobarometer autumn 2016 . 
  i checked it and the numbers do align . 
  there is a later eurobarometer for [ spring 2017 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/commfrontoffice/publicopinion/index.cfm/resultdoc/download/documentky/79557 ) . 
  what people perceive as ` non-eu ' immigration probably has to do a lot with that , however , croatia had also the highest approval rates for a non-muslim country in east and central europe to accepting syrian refugees according to a recent poll . 
  do you think paris and london will become majority non-white by 2050 ? 
  america is becoming majority non-white by 2050 according to their own predictions . 
  people say it 's myths , it 's not easy to predict things in 100 years future , but , with current trends , i absolutely see that happening eventually in at least some west eu countries . 
  maybe you maybe are n't , however , i see both west eu and east eu agreeing to that , especially west eu as they seem to feel quite threatened by immigration from east eu , especially the uk . 
  also , croatia is n't the one leading in regards to negative opinion on non-eu immigration , [ it 's slovakia ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/15/ec/aa/15ecaa788e9a2472b1cec2877d32fee2.png ) . 
  well , you maybe are n't , however , i see both west eu and east eu agreeing to that , especially west eu as they seem to feel quite threatened by immigration from east eu , especially the uk . 
  but that 's what i 'm saying - it is like that only since people do n't perceive it as their reality . 
  if that changed , there would be a strong reaction . 
  i think it is common sense for people to realise i do not speak in the name of everyone , but i do believe majority of croats do not want to embrace diversity . 
  at best it would be accepted as the cost of being part of the eu , but it would be still that - a cost , a negative aspect of it as a whole . 
  depends . 
  i personally advocate separate freedom of labour within the eu between east and west eu in case non-white minorites start becoming the majority there , just to filter migration to better suit both sides . 
  if west eu wants to become majority non-white that is their right and their decision , but we do n't want to also be dragged into that . 
  by muslims , blacks , etc. 
  do you have anything of substance to add ? 
  many people perceive things like that . 
  call them crazy , racists , xenophobes , fascists , but it does n't change reality . 
  right , but it 's ultimately about popular support . 
  according to polls i 've seen , poles do n't mind sanctions as long as they are protected from being replaced . 
  they will keep voting for pis as long as they give them a sense of safety regarding that . 
  we resonate well , do n't worry . 
  it 's not only them , some simply are quiet for now because they do n't think this will be repeated , but if this issue comes up again soon ( forced ethnic replacement/non-white immigration ) , things will certainly be different . 
  in the east eu ethnic replacement is frowned upon , and divisions will come up again eventually over this as it is long-term a non-negotiable issue in the eyes of east eu . 
  poles genuinely do n't care about that as much as long as they are protected from being replaced . 
  it actually is ... 
  those are non-issues for poles and not a reason they 'd ever consider leaving . 
  [ i guess it there 's a summertime sadness in me .
