  agree 7 . if it were , i would n't know , i like quiche , though 8 . as someone that is n't into fashion , no clue, 
  well , you see . 
  someone that reacts aggressively to a slap is no good kid . 
  that 's my point . 
  http://youtu.be/hnt1powxhou here 's what happened . 
  i still do n't exactly know what happened , but as i said , the black guy did react aggressively , even though i do n't kno, 
  for a good kid the appropriate response would be to just get out and report the police if you feel like getting support ? 
  i mean , a slap is used as a disciplinary measure , he was n't trying to hurt him such as , and self-defense was not needed . 
  his actions were towards further escalation , which resulted fatally . 
  i am not saying that the serbs were good guys , just that the victim was neither . 
  i do n't know what ` good kid ' means to you , but someone retaliating to a slap with smashing a glass bottle does n't sound like a good kid . 
  how would you know who delivered the fatal blow ? 
  there was a greek amongst them . 
  how sweet putin is watching over europe like our big daddy . 
  i 'm far from a fashion expert but no tie and white pants seem to be off . 
  i do n't know , just saying that germany should not act dumb . 
  they go to germany , and the government should either tax hoarders stronger or pressure those which hoard money to spend it . 
  ` brexit can still be stopped , even after brexit happens . ', 
  germany should reinvest its trade surpluses , whether domestically or overseas . 
  wow i will now totally call it czeczia just to trigger some czechs . 
  never knew it was an actual thing . 
  not really . 
  if you look at demographic trends ( fertility rates ) in europe the past century , it was not necessarily tied with wealth . 
  i personally believe some of the most significant impact on natality in europe have been urbanisation and feminism , and overall lifestyle/mindset . 
  some countries in europe , notably france , managed to increase fertility rates through pro-natality policies . 
  there are ways to make people produce babies . 
  i think they do . 
  your interests won . 
  if their methods work in protecting their interests , maybe take notice of that . 
  ` completely independent and unbiased report on a study ', 
  basically . 
  fox news/rt , something like that , but with european perspective . 
  because muh pensions, 
  * why europeans need to produce more babies, 
  it 's true . 
  russia has a lot more developed propaganda than europe . 
  euronews is a joke compared to rt , for example , whether when it comes to graphics or content . 
  there needs to be a more conspiracionist approach to selling news , people like that . 
  just reporting the vanilla version of news is n't enough , there needs to be added flavour . 
  the eu right now only needs itself to protect its borders and curb the immigration waves . 
  he 's literally hitler . 
  not my point . 
  i am just saying that a country does n't have to ever catch up to western standards to threaten global world order , especially if the country has more people than europe and america combined . 
  this keeps coming up over and over again , but i still have no idea what it is about . 
  why not instead of copy-pasting massive chunks of the text and just say what the main point is ? 
  but that would mean jews are a race , or that acts aimed against jews are based upon their race . 
  neither is true from what i know about either the bds or endorsers of such . 
  that explains it . 
  people that ca n't control themselves will stare at you for being half-asian . 
  it can be multiple reasons . 
  if you are black or asian , you will get stares in croatia and probably most of europe outside of places like london or paris . 
  for example whenever i notice a black or asian person i 'm stressed since i force myself to not stare , even though my inner instincts keep telling me to monitor them . 
  if you are white-appearing , there is good chance you are n't behaving or dressing properly . 
  and the third are stares of sexual kind . 
  if you are very attractive and show it , you might get stares , but that 's everywhere like that . 
  maybe the levels are different , though . 
  they do n't have to catch up . 
  the ussr never caught up economically to west europe or the us , they were still a major geopolitical threat , and that with a similar population as america . 
  whether or not china will succeed in challanging the west is a question , but they certainly are n't someone you can ignore whether on regional or global scale any more . 
  there 's massive amount of ` independent and unbiased ' ranking sites . 
  it 's the same with those ` living standard ' or ` innovation ' indexes or credit ratings of credit rating agencies . 
  they just take data ( or make them up ) to push whatever agenda they want . 
  i am not saying they are completely irrelevant and out of touch with reality , but they should n't be taken as too relevant . 
  in croatia there is a well known gradation that goes like - ` lie , big lie , statistics ' . 
  i still do n't get what it has to do with racism ... 
  i still do n't get it . 
  bds racist ? 
  am i missing something here ? 
   last time such a coalition was formed in 2000 , international sanctions and condemnations from the eu flooded austria . 
  neighboring countries tried to cut the nation off from international summits and accords , protesting the government formed with a xenophobic party founded by ex-ss officers things seem to have changed quite a bit since 15 years ago . 
  i do n't see that happening again , or ? 
  i agree it wo n't completely fade away as it did n't in texas either , or catalonia , scotland , corsica , brittany , but i very much think that eu/pan-european nationalism is a thing already , maybe not as direct , but it is there . 
  is online hate speech such a big issue in germany really ? 
  also , is hate speech censorship only reserved to that aimed against left-wing pet groups , or all groups universally , including germans , christians , whites , far-right groups , etc. 
  i think the eu helps in a way to make people transition from nation-state nationalism to eu nationalism . 
  it is easier to bring former enemies together if they feel they are fighting for the common cause , or against a common enemy , than if they are left to fight for conflicting interests between nation-states . 
  i never said it were . 
  we all should commemorate historical events , but in a way to bring people together , not divide or judge each other . 
  that 's how i see things . 
  i have the feeling that often , whenever there is talk about things which involved territorial conflicts that resulted in ethnic cleansing , there is always the suspicion of others trying to redraw borders and take advantage of that . 
  there needs to be a lot of trust between people that had conflict in order to genuinely feel sorry and respect victims of the other side . 
  instead of judging and blaming others for that , we should invest more into bringing people together , listen and acknowledge the other side , so that giving respect to victims of our former enemies never is an issue to begin with . 
  what 's up with bruges ? 
  i may misinterpretate some poles , but i have the feeling that poles are buying into the victimhood and martyrdom mentality , which i do n't think they need or will have use of , at all . 
  i agree , even though i personally have no clue what 's going on there and whether there is genuine progress or things are too slow . 
  it 's too much in my opinion . 
  i understand the propaganda which poles are probably subject to , however , chilling a bit down and understanding that things are n't so black and white would n't hurt them . 
  population will also grow due to increased average age of living , assuming that it will continue . 
  too many calories for me . 
  i think you have a point in that macron wants to contain african demographic growth to represent a lesser security or other type of risk for france/eu than it does now without actually comitting to solving the root problems , but the thing is , is europe even capable , ready or willing to solve them ? 
  why is this being downvoted ? 
  it 's just an article of what happened . 
  i rarely see myself buying western food brands since croatian ones suit me best . 
  only things i do find better quality , taste or ca n't substitute are nesquick cocoa powder , nescafe instant coffee , uncle ben 's rice and wasa bread . 
  do n't you know ? 
  it 's because the czechs have no sea and are n't used to fish , so their taste buds prefer less fish in fish . 
  glad to hear . 
  hopefully there will be compromise and a good deal ultimately . 
  we should n't be enemies . 
  how is it a conspiracy to claim media outlets cater to their sponsors ?
