  we will take at best the amount we would take if the rest of the world equally participated , and that 's all . 
  it depends . 
  if death rates of civilians in certain areas are significantly altered by military involvement , or threatened by genocide , it should qualify . 
  but then there is again the issue of proving that when people do not have valid documents at all . 
  he has a point in sense that large countries can generally take care of their refugees on their own better than smaller ones . 
  no , the standard route refugees take to croatia is greece-macedonia-serbia-croatia . 
  so in essence greece is the point of entry into the eu , but i guess they were n't registered there or if they enter eu from another point again it does n't count . 
  the article claims they plan to start charging services . 
  a more recent article from the croatian national television about the austrian equivalent has a comment which claims the croatian hgss ca n't charge services - [ january 2016 ] ( http://www.hrt.hr/316708/vijesti/evo-kako-funkcionira-austrijska-goska-sluzba-spasavanja ) . 
  i could n't find anything more than that . 
  croatia either way is n't ready or willing to take such a huge responsibility for asylum claimants . 
  even the ones who do not have a completely safe stay back at their home , are largely going to be deported probably . 
  the ecj should have been aware of that prior to this ruling . 
  i would n't know , i just do n't want my country to give asylum to someone from there unless they are certain how deporting them will lead to him being unjustly threatened . 
  we know there is quite some abuse of the current asylum system and we should n't give into the abusers . 
  i hope they all are denied asylum unless there is strong evidence they are being persecuted in the place they come from for unjust reasons . 
  how do you mean ? 
  i do n't think it 's cringy at all , to me the video simply is n't making any important statement . 
  i do n't , but i know what he 's been doing . 
  they could be , but as a group they are n't as terrible as certain other groups . 
  but i guess we are all just individuals so these all are just incidents which had nothing to do with anyone 's group belonging so i guess nobody is ever to blame for anything . 
  they so obviously are pushing their agenda just as contributors with their submissions mostly are . 
  nothing new or surprising . 
  everyone wants to give the image of the most ` unbiased , neutral and objective ' judge/source etc. , yet reality is that nobody is , it 's just different shades of how much someone makes it apparent or not . 
  i mean , how would she know he was asian if not for the skin ? 
  i guess there are facial features that can also give some information on someone 's background , but i would n't be too sure of that . 
  also , saying someone has brown skin is n't offensive , right ? 
  well , to me ` asian man with light skin ' ( i assume it is south asian as it is defined asnsuch in britain ) is still brown , just a lighter note . 
  anybody , or just those which resemble the perpetuators , i. e. brown-skinned males ? 
  rogozin is disgusting either way . 
  i know most of russian government is , but rogozin is a special case . 
  it 's no hate , but there are some issues which did n't exist or were n't as apparent 10 years ago . 
  why did you remove your comment ? 
  it seemed to have some pretty good insight on this topic . 
  thanks !, 
  i agree , but thought it could be interesting to r/europe . 
   i 'd love to read a realistic investigation into his activities with a serious valuation of his net worth based on verifiable information for once . 
  why bother when you can just make up numbers and they will be allowed to be presented on r/europe as relevant sources ? 
  note : not my content . 
  if anyone knows who did this work , feel free to credit him/her . 
  it 's that time of the year again ... 
   newsweek.com  `` i believe he is worth $ 200 billion , '' browder told the u.s. senate judiciary committee . 
  seriously , this site is very propagandistic . 
  and it 's not the first time . 
  berlin looks very nice . 
  does it still look like that ? 
  i know the reichstag had changes . 
  a weak government wo n't be able to get the approval for a brexit deal ? 
  there 's differences between countries though . 
  i personally am not picky when it comes to mcdonalds , but people from croatia told me mcdonalds tastes worse to them in spain , switzerland , austria . 
  croatia 2.56 euros if it still costs 19 kuna as i last time paid it . 
  same situation in croatia . 
  mcdonalds is overpriced , but there 's still always people there . 
  i mean they have tasty food , but it 's smaller size . 
  you have to be aware that all these various indexes by western agencies mostly exist to push a narrative which is supposed to be in the interest of the west . 
  not saying it is completely baseless , but i would n't think of it as unbiased at all . 
  the refugees honestly gave themselves a really bad name . 
  i know not all refugees are like that , but they as a whole are n't making anything of this easy , and on top of that are very ungrateful . 
  many people are due to that really indifferent towards them , some even hostile . 
  lets say having all those refugees here is n't too popular . 
  croatia is n't immune to russian influence , it 's just that russia , or at least russian government officials , [ openly support people like \u0160e\u0161elj ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ttk98lqxf8w ) and thus are automatically isolating themselves from croatia . 
  same reason why russia has no way to influence albanian politics - they are simply incompatible . 
  i think you have a point , but i do n't know the details . 
  if i remember , poor treatment of refugees on the mainland is the main issue . 
  i can already see all the problems with refugees protesting they want to go to germany . 
  [ even now with a few hundred , they regularly complain . ], 
  ( https://youtu.be/jphfaejw8km ), 
  i agree , but the eu themselves decided that greece is unsafe . 
  so what does that mean ? 
  what if the first eu country is unsafe ? 
  well ... maybe postpone brexit for now ? 
  i think it 's really sad . 
  i really believe climate change is happening . 
  i do n't recall temperatures getting this high in the past . 
  actually , the concept of a european/caucasoid/white race is not new . 
  and , in fact , europeans are the ones which came up with the idea of races and was very popular especially in times of colonialism . 
  so i disagree with your statement . 
  i think most people which are against ethnic replacement do not care about being superior , but use arguments of superiority to further validate their ideology . 
  i and many other simply want to preserve our race due to feeling attached to it , due to identity . 
  i think it 's mostly on that line . 
  i do not like the label of racist because some might think i think of myself as superior to others or that i hate others based upon race , or that i pretend to like people of other races while i do n't . 
  it 's non-sense . 
   `` we are europeans and on stx we can not accept being treated worse than the koreans , '' bono said on a conference call in reference to the shipyard 's previous majority owner . 
  some still do n't seem to understand how some europeans are more european than others ... 
  he still uses nokia ? 
  damn , it probably is also hacked and who knows who has access to all his phone conversations ... 
  depends on how you define ` pure german race ' as . 
  why ? 
   lmao , you 're just completely wrong . 
  there is simply no universal interpretation ( not even biologically ! ), 
  of when human life begins . 
  biologically it is universally defined . 
  why does it matter if someone is human ? 
  we are only atoms and molecules either way . 
  we could just as well remove all of humanity , and nothing would change , right ? 
  well , that 's not what many people think . 
   not to mention that there are n't even international treaties that specifiy when `` life begins '' . 
  that 's my point , and that 's what makes status of being human subject to personal interpretations . 
  it 's like saying english language is n't english because the english from 1000 years ago was very different . 
  yes , there is evolution , yes , races and people will change , but no , there is no , there is no evidence all races that exist today will become extinct .
