   this is where education could help ya out !, 
  i am sick and tired of western europeans or other elitists trying to lecture the rest of the world of how things actually are because of ` lack of education ' . 
  i know very well how things are , and very well that the conspiracy theories i put out there are not verifiable and not necessarily true . 
  i do n't need lecturing on that , but to dismiss secret societies as non-existent based upon ` we all could be lizards ' is just insincere and pretentiious . 
  secret societies did exist , and still exist . 
  you not knowing about their activities or even existence is exactly why they are secret societies . 
  ` shocked ', 
  if the media and politicians were secretly controlled by a bunch of people - would you know ? 
  how does education solve distrust into a society whose power-holders are clearly disguising intentions behind their actions , as politicians do ? 
  things in the world are n't always as they seem , there 's always some hidden agenda behind anything really . 
  that 's good then . 
  i know how hard it to manage a country under such big threat of being extinguished , but creating an atmosphere which is further igniting the conflict with russia instead of trying to tone things down and opt for more diplomacy does not seem smart to me . 
  no , not at all . 
  i think for germans that maybe applies largely since they seem to be keen on going to extremes from my experience on both sides of the political spectrum , but i do n't see that being the case here in croatia . 
  i know the context , i am just saying that treating russians like that is a grave danger for themselves . 
  they need to find a way to make ` kumbaya happen ' , because else it wo n't end up good . 
  oh , i am not talking about jews . 
  it 's ironic since that 12 % did more damage to croatia than 30 % russians in estonia during break-up of yugoslavia and the su , yet apparently , ` russians are the problem ' . 
  what risk of being ungovernable ? 
  you mean giving people of different ethnicity in your country a voice in a pluralistic and democratic environment ? 
  it is just excuses with aims of alienating and discriminating a population . 
  balts should be careful - never treat people of a nation as big and powerful as the russian one as human trash . 
  they may strongly regret it eventually when peaceful coexistence wo n't be possible . 
  and i am not trying to intimidate anyone , i am against bigotry from either side , but if i were in their position , i would be a little bit more careful . 
  maybe it 's because the media is controlled by one and the same people which control merkel and are pushing a narrative with aim of ethnic replacement despite public displeasurenover that ? 
  okay , i guess it is just coincidence . 
  i do n't see any difference between msm narrative for endless immigration/population replacement and this piece , so - who cares ? 
  no thanks . 
  if china or saudi arabia wishes to take endless immigration , they can do so . 
  i would n't be too glad if europe did that . 
  well , to me it does . 
  i continually see people trying to prove relevance of their opinions by stating their education status or even iq . 
  seriously , it 's irrelevant to arguing opinions such as these . 
  you either have a valid point for the one reading it , or do n't . 
  no , it has nothing to do with capitalism but with western fascism . 
  they intentionally put worse quality food for us in their attempts to poison and sabotage us . 
  but believe me it is n't only us , who knows what they put in food for african markets ... 
  overall bigotry and trying to isolate and exclude a group of people from the country they live in . 
  so were yugoslav immigrants in croatia . 
  in croatia , if you had yugoslav citizenship , and lived in croatia or some other factors , you had the right to croatian citizenship . 
  in the uk that is n't the case since the uk citizenship exists already pre-brexit . 
  i think many british do n't know that leaving the eu is n't necessarily going to decrease immigration . 
  if labour wins anytime soon , and they are really high right now , i only see immigration even further increasing . 
  but i guess that 's okay then , since it is a sovereign decision , and that 's the only thing that matters . 
  we also had immigrants from all over yugoslavia , and i do n't recall anyone ever not being given citizenship if they lived here . 
  from what i know , russians from there were n't automatically granted citizenship after collapse of the su . 
  even we in croatia which had a war just during that time did never withhold giving citizenship to any non-croat yugoslav citizen from croatia . 
   perspective of just another young individual with higher education , one of the many who took part in the protests . 
  sounds like elitist and ageist to me . 
  there is absolutely no reason to ever state your education or age for an opinion . 
  it may give some context , but to me it sounds more like bigotry . 
   the american conservative i 'm not wanting to hurt any american 's feelings , but the name of the site just makes me think ' i really could n't care less ', 
  why do russians still have no citizenship in some baltic countries if it has nothing to do with fascism ? 
  you should have added proper context to it then , and not just submit the article . 
  like you can still add a comment to the submission . 
  gosh , what 's the point of even submitting such articles without proper context or cause ? 
  i see elections are coming . 
  oh , here go hell come . 
  i love ` experts ' and their paid opinions . 
  i assume this does n't include the one for fresh fruits and vegetables , right ? 
  you would be suprised how many people still consider russia and putin as communist . 
  from what i gathered . 
  in slovenia , teran is the wine of the refo\u0161k grape produced in ` karst ' . 
  in croatia , it is the wine of the teran grape . 
  slovenes claim that there is no ` teran grape ' , but that it is identical to refo\u0161k , croats claim there is , and that it is distinct of the refo\u0161k ( they claim that according to dna analysis , they are part of the same family , but are distinct ) . 
  now i do n't know when and how either got their name in those areas . 
  tokaj is a region , teran is n't . 
  the thing is that slovenia named their wine ( tokaj ) after a region it is n't part of . 
  that is n't the case with teran , it 's simply that croats call a one wine sort teran , while slovenes call teran another wine sort . 
  maybe i 'm not sufficiently informed , but how can a country protect a name if it is historically used in other countries as well ? 
  makes no sense . 
  i think what many people are very worried about is long-term population replacement , which is what largely caused rise in parties which are seen as having solutions to that . 
  then , there is also the russian facror which promotes both right and left populist parties via it 's troll army and other propaganda channels . 
  the econ and refugee crisis just added fuel to the fire . 
  eu people are too protective of their nations . 
  i know how quickly people turn anti-eu over certain comments or actions which are n't even as relevant . 
  but we must stay strong and just learn how to ignore them and keep supporting what we actually believe into . 
  you can still watch it on their official facebook site . 
  i doubt in croatia many people are bothered with living next to other people from former yugoslavia , but i can see them not wanting to live next to gypsies . 
  in fact , there are always problems when the government tries to relocate gypsies to other areas in croatia . 
   taking our clothes off in public and not just public . 
  i remember when i was living in switzerland , my german friend would say that his parents were often naked in their flats and that that 's normal . 
  as a small kid , i was grossed . 
  romania has an unfairly bad reputation , which from what i see is n't covered here . 
  i know people will say it 's because of the ` roma people ' , but i 'm not too convinced that that is what it 's all about . 
  i think it 's because people do n't know anything about romania or romanian history , so they might feel alien to them . 
  no wonder they are collapsing with an ugly logo . 
  i did n't say it matters , i 'm just saying . 
  also , do n't call me an idiot , you do n't know me . 
  i like they way you think . 
  why ? 
  i read on it and there are different claims on it . 
  according to some , 30 % of white americans have noticeable sub-saharan ancestry , and according to others , only 5 % do . 
  but that is n't all non-european there is . 
  [ here ] ( http://youtu.be/ptsznttgcqa ) a prominent white supremacist founds out he is like over 10 % sub-saharan . 
  then , according to his dna test , one of the most known american nazis , andrew anglin , has 99.3 % european origins . 
  okay , that is much different than the former , but my point is that people should n't be extremely surprised by the idea of having ancestry of ethnic groups they never thought they had just based upon how they look . 
  i do n't see the reason for apologising . 
  if there 's people that like it - great . 
  i personally never tried it and do n't think i would like it if i did .
