  but be aware that this would n't be considered normal in many places outside of germany . 
  someone said that in countries where choice of ones profession depends more on economical security rather than personal interests , women will have greater representation in technical and similar fields . 
  i disagree . 
  i do n't think what they did is any achievement at all , but i do acknowledge that most people would agree with you . 
  and what if tomorrow homosexual people coming result in loss of revenues ? 
  would that justify denying them service ? 
  you can avoid a restaurant , restaurants and other companies should n't deny service to people based upon political views . 
  as i said , if they are n't disturbing anyone , they should n't be denied service . 
  denying service to people based upon politics it is just opening a pandora 's box where people would further segragate based upon politics . 
  we do n't need that . 
  the only ones which should persecute anyone for making their views public is the state . 
  restaurants should n't be persecuting or limiting their service to anyone due to their political views . 
  if the group is disturbing or threatening other clients in the restaurant , it is fine to deny them service , otherwise in most cases - no . 
  i disagree completely , and i will take notice of people and companies which target groups or individuals they perceive as nazis . 
  if their acts are n't illegal , they should n't be persecuted by anyone without the approval of the state . 
  no , it was deleted due to being ` local crime ' . 
  ironic how ` local crime ' is perfectly reasonable news for all major media outlets there , just not r/europe . 
  censorship at its best . 
  i personally think that the emigration we have is detrimental to our interests either way , no matter what people think . 
  we have a shrinking population even without it , and ca n't afford to pay for our people 's education just to be sent to work elsewhere . 
  i agree , and i did n't remove it . 
  i am not a moderator here , and moderator here suck . 
  this ` local crime ' was on all news , but god forbid it is published on r/europe . 
  i do n't think cutting access to goods and services to a certain political group is political correctness , but rather discrimination , i. e. intolerance of people who think differently . 
  very simple - if it is n't terrorism , it is local crime and as such irrelevant for r/europe according to its rules . 
  terrorist or non-terrorist , that is the question . 
  german tolerance strikes again . 
  i find it hillarious when people get excited about winning a sport nobody cares about . 
  sorry , but had to say it . 
  i know things are often exaggerated regarding ethnic replacement in west eu , but it is going on , and unless there are radical changes to their open door policy , they like the us will eventually turn majority non-white . 
  i do think that , yes , west eu is worse now than 60 years ago culturally and many other ways . 
  you do n't understand the issue . 
  it is about the ethnic replacement going on . 
  and also , minorities work better if they are a very small minority that is forced to submit to rest of society than if they have the oportunity to isolate themselves . 
  my neighbour is half-black half-croatian . 
  he is culturally croatian though , so it is n't a big issue . 
  but it 's not even about culture , but as i said , ethnic replacement and identity . 
  a few immigrants here and there do n't threaten it , but the way it is in west eu ( and as they want to force it upon us in such a way as well ) , it is a threat , and it is unacceptable to me and most my countrymen . 
  well , if they had been working in germany illegally all the time to eventually return with no pension , i very much assume they at least made something worthwile from all that work . 
  croatia can take care of their minimal needs , but i doubt they would want that . 
  regardless , it certainly wo n't increase emigration , so fine with me . 
  my issue is the diverse part of the population . 
  that 's all really . 
  most croats are lying and love to complain . 
  while there are very many issues , they are mostly leaving for the money , no matter what they say , and croatia wo n't anytime soon by any prediction i know be on the economical level of west eu . 
  i am for solving all the issues croatia has , but it does n't stop me from adressing the issues of uncontrolled emigration and immigration . 
  then call it a market that has everything a single market has except freedom of movement . 
  terminologies are something i could n't care less about . 
  if you have brain drain , your country likely wo n't become a better place by the day until that exact issue stops as the same people moving outside are the ones supposed to move for change here . 
  did a child write this ? 
  in east eu we are suffering not due to others taking our job , but our people leaving the country . 
  i disagree . 
  no , the single market and everything else should stay , the only split is in freedom of movement for labour . 
  but how ? 
  everything would be the same , just that uncontrollable amounts of people would n't be able to have jobs and claim benefits elsewhere . 
  fixed it . 
   those brains we 're losing ? 
  well , we were n't putting them to work anyways , that 's the reason they 're leaving . 
  false . 
  there 's established specialists in croatia leaving . 
  plenty of hired highly skilled people just decide to leave . 
  many hired people leave . 
  so , even if some people left due to inability to find jobs here , i would n't be too sure they form the majority or even a quarter of the ones leaving . 
  yes , freedom of labour . 
  it 's not only that . 
  brain drain and permanent loss of population due to emigration decrease our relative power with other countries and are a national threat . 
  i think separate movement of freedom between east and west eu is good for both and should be pushed . 
  i disagree . 
  brain drain and emigration from an ageing and dying population is not in our interest . 
  put it simple - east and west eu need independent migration controls . 
  that 's my opinion , i think it will benefit both of us , you are free to disagree , but i believe it is a good thing what i suggested . 
  we will harder get an agreement on that though . 
  however , i believe that once west eu goes full diverse it would all move eastwards either way . 
  but if finland wants your immigrants and you want finnish students , you can still arrange that , just that you would have control over it . 
  i do n't see any issues with passengers and free travel throughout eu . 
  i did n't vote . 
  i also believe we are safe for now , but on the long-term , i would n't be too sure . 
  once west eu is majority diverse , it will eventually start coming here as well . 
  we need to secure an arrangement within the eu that wo n't allow for uncontrolled immigration into our country while such would still be popular in west eu . 
  that 's not freedom of movement , but schengen area of no border checks . 
  fredom of movement is about working rights . 
  i think germany is an autocracy far more than poland . 
  i disagree with uncontrolled migration of workers within whole eu . 
  no , as i said now we accepted it , but next time it happened , there would be a different outcome . 
  and it clearly is n't about redistributing refugees , but about slowly forcing diversity into our countries . 
  i mean , a few hundred or thousand immigrants wo n't be the reason to leave the eu ( of which most will probably vanish in the upcoming years ) , but if it keeps being a reoccuring thing , it wo n't be tolerated . 
  i think there should be some serious reforms to the eu to save what can be saved . 
  in my opinion , there should be separate areas of freedom of ~ ~ movement ~ ~ labour within eu ( east and west eu ) , which would both solve issues of brain drain , loss of young people and fear of spread of islam in east eu , just as issue of stagnating wages and mass immigration in west eu . 
  i know they want to step-by-step impose immigrants on us , like with the recent refugee quotas . 
  we can sacrifice a little , well , some were smart enough to cut it from even the start ( pol/hun ) , but that does not mean we will tolerate this another time . 
  i 'm afraid germany and france want to centralise power in the eu . 
  it depends on what they plan further to push for , but if they try to force immigration upon east eu , we are out . 
  why are those 2 always singled out ? 
  max tax evasion and money laundering in net , lux and ire , ger protecting its coal and car industry which could end up in them not meeting their co2 targets , ita saving their banks . 
  the pol and hun issues are not as big problems to the eu . 
  i understand that . 
  croats during the 90s were also desperate to get as north as possible , preferably sweden and germany . 
  i as a croat , however , am not welcome to refugees from afghanistan or syria in an environment where burden would n't be fairly distributed globally . 
  i do n't mind taking international obligations towards providing asylum , but in a better regulated environment . 
  if other countries do n't want to participate in a well-organised global refugee system , we wo n't be the ones taking the burden of refugees due to that .
