how ? 
  serious question . 
  i do n't see how the uk fucked anyone over , so i must have missed something . 
  yeah , i 'm starting to think the eu wants vengeance more than negotiations . 
  i could see the uk just giving europe the finger . 
  edit : typo because apparently i ca n't spell . 
  swede here . 
  that hotel can fuck right off . 
  ouch, 
  not sure whether to condemn this or laugh my ass off . 
  it is funny , i 'll give you that . 
  well played , sir !, 
  agreed , my friend . 
  you nailed it . 
  apologies if i came off as terse earlier . 
  re : your second paragraph , yup . 
  i know , and it kinda scares me , i 'm not gon na lie . 
  yeah , well ... no one ever said politicians were smart , or did what made sense even half the time . 
  that first paragraph of yours is spot on , though i still have some outstanding concerns vis-\u00e0-vis the spanish extradition treaty with china and the potential for abuse there . 
  for the eu this is a bad move . 
  that 's my point . 
  if the prevailing argument is that the eu has grown too large , why would it do more ? 
  that just makes things worse . 
  if the eu gets its act together , i 'd be happy to see this initiative succeed . 
  but as is , i ca n't say this was good for either the individual states that signed up or for brussels . 
  all i 'm saying is that the eu should have considered public opinion * before * launching this . 
  i was doing some research for a paper , and i believe as of december 31 % of europeans surveyed trusted their governments to do the right thing , with 32 % and 36 % respectively saying the same thing about their governments and the eu as a whole . 
  this to me indicates a major trust deficit that should have been repaired before undertaking this kind of initiative . 
  otherwise , it plays right into the hands of eurosceptic parties everywhere . 
  between this and the extradition treaty with china , free speech in spain just got * a lot * worse . 
  good for sweden for objecting . 
  with trust in the eu as is , i ca n't see why this is a good idea right now . 
  i 'd have no problem with that . 
  the us can go fuck itself . 
  was young . 
  parents moved . 
  parents moved here when i was young, 
  agreed . 
  i 'm right there with you . 
  or just ban american firms from operating in europe altogether . 
  american influence is n't needed anyway . 
  i have no opinion on the matter , as i 'm currently living in the states ( unfortunate ) . 
  but i just was wondering about the implications of this law . 
  is n't that fourth piece illegal in and of itself ? 
  at least sweden respects international human rights and does n't bow to nonexistent entities or engage in blind worship of the military . 
  but it 's whatever . 
  if you 're just here to trash europe you can fuck off . 
  it 's true . 
  like not invading countries to achieve vague , undefinable national intersts , denying access to healthcare for groups whom religious politicans loathe , and frequently ignoring international laws `` because it can '' . 
  makes sense . 
  does n't that kind of defeat promotion and relegation , though ? 
  where 's the data source , if i might ask ? 
  i 'd believe this , but i 'm curious how you were able to obtain the data set . 
  hmm . 
  what does this mean for the top-ranked sides ( e.g. 
  spain , france , germany , et al ) ? 
  are the leagues grouped by the strength of the individual teams ? 
  call me uninformed ( well , i am ) , but why does n't belgium just split ? 
  makes sense . 
  i 'll hop on here and ask for the same, 
  erdogan can fuck off, 
  just think ... maybe erdogan would n't be able to act like a spoiled brat if this had been implemented . 
  just saw this . 
  i 'm from v\u00e4ster\u00e5s , roughly 100 km west of stockholm . 
  indeed, 
  op , take an upvote just for the username . 
  i literally lol 'd . 
  sounds about right for the homeland, 
  galveston sucks dude . 
  i used to live about 100 km from there . 
  hot and humid as hell . 
  currently doing * slightly * better , living in austin , but hoping to return to the homeland upon finishing graduate studies in august . 
  yup . 
  but serious question : is equatorial guinea even a popular travel destination ? 
  i do n't think so , but i 'm not perfectly sure . 
  also , if you do n't mind my asking , what part of the uk are ya from ? 
  three, 
  did you get it from coffee by chance ? 
  ( in case there 's a rush to downvote , this is obviously a joke ), 
  you guys would gain a * ton * of gdp . 
  this is an excellent write-up . 
  i 'm honestly a little surprised you did n't study international relations at university . 
  true, 
  good point . 
  i guess i never thought about that . 
  if there 's a case for not easing the sanctions , this is it . 
  tasteless , but absolutely hilarious . 
  it 's a hellhole !, 
  look at his city . 
  sad !, 
  now the russians , they 're not bringing over their best . 
  their bringing corrupt politicians , they 're bringing violators of human rights ... and some , i assume , as good people . 
  but the ones that leave for europe , frankly , they 're the best . 
  edit : sorry for the joke . 
  tough crowd . 
  i wish i could, 
  there 's enough of them in the white house . 
  america does n't need them . 
  dynamite 2 . 
  the pacemaker 3 .
