  the three-point safety belt, 
  if nothing else at least nazi germany left this lesson . 
  i hate saying this because of the implications ( no , i 'm not nazi . 
  i fucking abhor them and their `` ideas '' ) , but there 's a quote by hermann g\u00f6ring that perfectly describes this . 
  wow . 
  have you not heard * anything * about russia 's use of disinformation via front news , rt , and sputnik to incite tensions between ethnic russians and other groups ? 
  i would call you stupid , but you appear to be too thick to understand such a term , and i 'll not engage you further . 
  read the last sentence of my comment . 
  i called the whole thing ultimately silly . 
  what are you on about ? 
  one of them is the mayor of a city who is afaik loyal to the people who elected him . 
  the other * might * have been manipulated . 
  it 's not an impossible thing to imagine ( e.g. 
  like the montenegro assassination plot ) . 
  i 'm not racist/fascist/whatever you call it , since that appears to be what you 're getting at . 
  and i may very well be wrong about some things , which i will readily admit if it is proven . 
  but if there 's one thing i 'm not it 's racist/fascist , so take your rant/accusations elsewhere . 
  wow . 
  i understand the russian bit because of the threat that 's posed by russia , but english ?!, 
  that 's a bit off the wall . 
  though on the whole a suspension for the mere use of a language seems a bit silly , no ? 
  this is n't scary at all, 
  i like this, 
  not at all . 
  [ so we do n't know where we 're going before december ? 
  that was so meta my head hurts . 
  counter alternative facts ?? 
  would n't that just be facts ? 
  was ? 
  i know . 
  trump 's lies are more like bad standup comedy . 
  you mean providing * alternative * facts ? 
  why the city posts ? 
  honestly , i 've not a clue . 
  just do n't . 
  that 's fucking awful . 
  would you mind elaborating on your experiences as a diplomat ? 
  i 'd genuinely be curious to know what the day-to-day job is like . 
  what the hell spawned this trend ? 
  edit : no . 
  i honestly have no clue . 
  well then ... you 're not wrong edit : thanks for the link, 
  i 'm not familiar . 
  maybe you could clarify here . 
  honestly , i never heard . 
  and turkey wants to join the eu ? 
  hahaha . 
  kno, 
  fyi , i 'm not a supporter of the orange ass in the white house . 
  hell , i 'm not even conservative . 
  but since i do n't live in europe it 's hard to get a very good picture of what 's going on . 
  thank you good sir . 
  if it means anything , as a swedish-american , i 'm vaguely familiar with european politics , and i do speak german , so if english is insufficient to explain , feel free to revert to german . 
  i was referring to what appeared to be a sweeping under the rug , as it were , of legitimate critics of merkel 's open-door policy under the guise of calling them xenophobic , among other disparaging names . 
  i knew it was italian . 
  i was just wondering if they had an equivalent of germany 's hochdeutsch . 
  so fdp then is libertarianish ? 
  i have a better idea . 
  pull out * all * the troops , consular officials , diplomats , and related staff from everywhere . 
  we have no business being in other countries , anyway . 
  i say this as a swedish-american dual citizen . 
  but nice username . 
  trump really is a talking ass . 
  voted third party because of the shitshow that was 2016 . 
  in soviet russia , you no conquer territory . 
  territory conquer you !, 
  is there a standard language , so that for example , someone from sardinia could speak with someone from rome or milan ? 
  think of them like primaries in the us . 
  state-by-state elections , basically . 
  hahahahaha holy shit this is hilarious, 
  hahaha, 
  two italys ? 
  is ciudada\u00f1os right or left ? 
  i 'm not sure what to make of afd . 
  on one hand , they 're a bit right-wing . 
  on the other , if the main parties do n't respond to the needs of the electorate , this happens . 
  sorry about that . 
  makes more sense . 
  what do the other parties besides parti popular think of catalan independence ? 
  austin, 
  damn . 
  i used to live not terribly far from there ( v\u00e4ster\u00e5s ) and did n't notice anything too crazy . 
  but maybe things have changed in the years since i left . 
  currently living in the states ; nope . 
  tap water 's basically piss . 
  thank you for the explanation . 
  thank you for the explanation . 
  i did n't know that . 
  nice . 
  thanks . 
  is n't flanders a part of belgium ? 
  it 's all greek to me . 
  latin * and * ancient greek ?!?!, 
  wow ... 
  i would say thank you in slovenian , but i know nothing in it , so ... thank you . 
  haha . 
  take a compliment . 
  i knew you poles ( ? ), 
  were fucking awesome !, 
  german ?
