signed up to reply to this shit . 
  `` skunk litters are born in april . '', 
  the year 2007 was eight years ago . 
  give it like two weeks . 
  not gay but swooned at first pic . 
  other ones are kinda meh , you do n't suit that thin moustache thing . 
  maybe 7 ? 
  probably eight in the first pic though . 
  their date of death . 
  but it 's impossible to find out your own . 
  i will proudly serve the kingdom as prime minister and head of your legislative parliament . 
  while the king performs his most royal duties , i and my cohort will be happy to carry out the day-to-day of the kingdom 's management . 
  we had a good run . 
  oh god . 
  a slice of blue cheese . 
  with all these important jobs being assigned , you need infrastructure !, 
  power 's out , lines are dead !, 
  you sir , need a courier to take messages/packages around the small community . 
  as a simple person who does n't mind easy manual labor , i 'm your man !, 
  infinite copies of sun tzu 's art of war . 
  i 'm sure there 's a lot of potential here . 
  thanks for the advice !, 
  looking at it now , i see that i have screwed up somewhat with the orbit . 
  however , while i may not be a talented flyer , i do tend to think ahead !, 
  i stuck a bunch of rcs tanks to the station as well as those neat rcs boosters , so i could probably bump it back into a circle if i tried . 
  and yeah , it has one docking port sr. at the end of it , for if i ever catch it with another station part . 
  thanks for the love and support . 
  thanks a bunch , and i appreciate the advice !, 
  i have a bunch of mono-propellant tanks , as well as some of those rcs boosters , so i 'll see how close i can bump the station towards a circle today . 
  any recommendations about how far to put the orbit around the planet ? 
  great , i 'll probably give that a go now !, 
  thanks for the advice !, 
  i think that sounds reasonable enough , i 'll see about getting the orbit roughly circular around 150km or so . 
  on multiple people 's advice i 've gone and burnt up my rcs fuel to put the station in a circular orbit , apoapsis is roughly 160k , while periapsis is roughly 150k . 
  this was about the best i could do with my fuel restraints and lack of skill . 
  great advice , thanks !, 
  i definitely do want to avoid kessler syndrome , i had n't thought about the risks of my staging !, 
  i 'll probably just terminate the debris , though i may use a tug and bring them down manually for rendezvous practice . 
  i might just do that , it sounds a lot more fun to crash them back into the planet manually !, 
  also , if i stick a bunch of parachutes on i can recover the parts to save money in career mode . 
  awesome !, 
  `` sup , do n't be a dick . '', 
  you know what would be funny ? 
  if they were going to release fallout online , and then after the countdown went up , read all the shit about how pissed people would be . 
  and now bethesda 's hauling ass to design a trailer for fallout 4 in 24 hours . 
  awesome job !, 
  now stick some kerbals on it . 
  my first successful munar lander made touchdown with slightly less fuel than intended ( none ) . 
  coincidentally , my second munar landing was also my first successful rescue mission . 
  i 'd love to take part , how many people are you looking for ? 
  maybe less civs ? 
  other than that , looks okay . 
  pls not epic speed . 
  people need to have an impact on the game . 
  i agree with dragons up there , if you plan on doing any other aars , i 'd certainly like to see them . 
  please do . 
  a lot of the media focus on iran in the west depicts it as a corrupt dictatorship . 
  as an iranian , how democratic do you feel iran is , at the local and national level ? 
  thank you very much for your thoughts !, 
  i had worried about the space being possibly too small , but also did n't want the sprites to end up too small . 
  most graphics were from opengameart but the health and life tokens were made by me in gimp so i completely agree that they do not graphically hold up . 
  thank you again for what praise you had , i did try to pay particular attention to hit boxes . 
  this game was more practice in unity than anything but if i decide to make a new version , i think my first priorities will be a larger space to move in , and enemies clearing out if you die to prevent `` spawn camping '' . 
  i had considered the moving window before , but i decided against it because i felt it would be important to be able to see all of the enemies . 
  still , the kind of scrolling-screen way of doing things can work out really well for this sort of game . 
  i think i 'll endeavor to look into updating the game with smaller sprites all around at the very least , to give the impression of a larger space . 
  if i 'm doing so anyway , are there any other changes you 'd recommend i implement ? 
  i believe this is an issue with webgl games on newgrounds in general , which i have only recently discovered . 
  i do n't believe that there is a fix , but i will thoroughly investigate any possibility to improve !, 
  thank you very much , an expanded space should n't take too long in retrospect , but if i end up adding any additional features it may take me a couple of days . 
  a pixeley theme would work great with the whole vibe of the game i feel , but at this point so much has built up around the present sprites that i hesitate to change them out of emotional attachment . 
  it would definitely be an interesting challenge to produce all the sprites for a game , but i 'm definitely no artist !, 
  i absolutely intend on updating here when i 've uploaded a new version , and i will continue to be completely open for criticism and advice . 
  if anything this will be fantastic practice for post-release maintenance . 
  thank you very much !, 
  that 's a fantastic idea but i 'm not sure about my ability to implement it given my skill level . 
  for now i am reducing the scale of all sprites to give an impression of a larger space , which i hope will help somewhat . 
  if i make another space-based game in the future , i will likely use a scrolling background system , because it 's a great idea . 
  that 's a genuinely great idea , and i will likely attempt to implement this in the near future . 
  will do . 
  i 'll likely stick to a timed explosive to keep things from getting complicated , though they are all interesting ideas !, 
  i was thinking a 2-3 second timer on the bomb , but you only have a couple to work with . 
  maybe you can replenish them with pickups . 
  thank you very much !, 
  i would have no idea why , and i will look into that immediately . 
  i presume you mean the big enemies ? 
  the issue is that both you and them have more health/shield than a collision deals in damage , meaning you can fly through each other . 
  in the near future i will look into potentially increasing the damage dealt by the player 's ship so that anything that collides with it dies . 
  that 's been the most popular complaint , and i agree in retrospect . 
  at this very moment i am testing a slightly updated version which hopes to address this somewhat . 
  thank you very much for your help !, 
  update : i have managed to implement a quick-fix for some of the more basic issues . 
  firstly , i have lowered the size of all sprites and adjusted speeds accordingly , to give the impression of a larger playing field . 
  secondly , i added an actual starry background for the playing screen . 
  thirdly , i hope to have fixed the issue with the arrow keys scrolling the page !, 
  edit : i have also added in a feature which means that on your death , the enemies on the screen will be removed ( not counting as kills ) , but the faster spawn rate continues . 
  this i feel will make the game much fairer . 
  i will continue to work on additional features , potentially such as bombs , other pick-ups like shield boosts , and solve the issue with potentially flying through the larger enemies . 
  thank you all for your help so far which i hope you can continue to give me as i continue working on this . 
  thank you .
