i wonder what the kurds , armenians , greeks , austrians , russians , syrians , and on and on and on have to say about this . 
  theoretically the uk could join argentina , russia , australia , and the moon in a free trade agreement after brexit . 
  one is obviously more likely but they have both been brought up by an equal number of world leaders ( 0 ) . 
  do n't be dependent , then their will be a better chance you can get help . 
  well it 's one of the few things he has been consistent about so i 'd say there is a fifty percent chance it is what will happen . 
  that 's pretty funny because trump has basically said he will protect countries who can rely on themselves . 
  you really are n't that smart are you ... 
  canada is 30th best healthcare in the world , mexico is 61st . 
  http://thepatientfactor.com/canadian-health-care-information/world-health-organizations-ranking-of-the-worlds-health-systems/ canada is 8th in education , mexico is 71st . 
  http://hdr.undp.org/en/content/education-index in terms of freedom : canada is 6th , mexico is 62nd . 
  http://www.heritage.org/index/ranking or canada is 5th , mexico is 65th . 
  perhaps you should do some research or even read a wikipedia page . 
  canada has socialized health care , very little corruption , and a much better education , mexico is quite the opposite . 
  their is nothing racist about facts . 
  you did not even slightly understand what i said did you ? 
  if people are going to move they will move to the best place available . 
  canada is far , far better than mexico in terms of almost if not everything . 
  why do economic migrants from syria , pakistan , and the rest of the middle east go to europe instead of saudi arabia ? 
  people of the place that is the best option , canada is a first world country , mexico is a third world country . 
  plus canada and us are fairly similar so you would n't need to learn a new culture, 
  i do n't think we should have recognized kosovo either it just served to isolate us from allies . 
  truly this is the curse of obama !, 
  it 's always sad when barack obama unintentionally passes on his curse . 
  first he said brexit was wrong , then he said that trump was unfit to be president , then the thing with the colombian peace deal he endorsed and then it failed in a referendum , hopefully renzi will be able to break the curse , it 's always so sad to see the curse of obama in effect especially because he has such good intentions . 
  or a four more states, 
  the job of the government is to help the people who vote for it , not the people of the world . 
  no , the reason why communism is unfair is because if it worked as intentioned everyone would recieve the same amount even though they all gave different amounts of work/quality of work . 
  he was the fascist leader of portugal who lost goa , correct ? 
  if all vegetarians killed as many people as hitler then i sure would , communism has been almost if not more deadly than fascism all while being equally morally abhorrent . 
  in a federation each of the parts would maintain some autonomy , i 'd figure a european federation would be much the same as the current european union but with a more directly elected federal government , a joint military , and a unified foreign policy . 
  i hope you can achieve this goal , best of luck !, 
  they do , just not nearly as much as the people in the west . 
  i do n't k ow what they mean that americans do n't eat peeled fruit , bananas are the third most popular fruit and citrus ' are the fifth source : http://fortune.com/2014/11/04/best-selling-fruit-us/, 
  halloween is probably one of the top holidays here ( only ones bigger would probably be christmas , 4th of july , easter , thanksgiving , new years , and maybe saint patrick 's day ) most everyone dresses up or gives out candy or attends a party . 
  very few people raise issues with halloween and they are usually ridiculed or ignored , the custom for if you do n't want to participate is to turn off your lights so children do n't think you are giving out candy . 
  and some how their is still a push for them to be allowed into the eu ... 
  she only lied twice ? 
  that 's pretty good for a politician, 
  thanks, 
  thanks, 
  who is that in the checkered shirt ? 
  he looks familiar to me but i do n't know from where, 
  why not just have the whole globe on one timezone ? 
  the time it says on the clock does n't effect anything . 
  or they might just buy fuel for both ? 
  you are right he will . 
  lithuania , latvia , estonia-he plans on stepping foot in them once he invades them ireland-guess he just forgot, 
  i thought everyone had nuclear carriers by now/s, 
  estonia, 
  while dc does have a nice flag i would put it fourth after md , nm , and az, 
  us state with best flag paired with european country with best flag . 
  makes sense . 
  and also paired with bosnia for some reason, 
  same with the carriers of spain and india . 
  the u.k. 
  not on mobile, 
  i think scotland would try to join the eu and would vote for joining , it 's just based on the actions of an eu member i do n't think scotland would be let in . 
  scotland probably would n't be in the eu . 
  or at least i would n't expect them to be based on the actions of a member nation . 
  look at the flags of india and niger , they look similar at a low resolution . 
  i thought all of these nations already cooperated because of their nato membership ... 
  on closer inspection it is , the low res flag looked like niger to me . 
  he/she probably lives in africa , he/she has the flag of niger as a flair . 
  i wonder how an independent scotland would do with a large budget deficit , no eu membership , no military , and no nato membership . 
  once the scots unilaterally declare independence and have no military and are n't recognized by any nation , what do you expect the uk to do ? 
  `` you warn first , then you destroy . '', 
  `` just depth bomb them , they 'll back of . '', 
  `` it is not our responsibility to defend the greek states integrity , that is the greek armed forces ' responsibility . 
  and we should n't be helping a country that does n't defend its own borders '', 
  you have said that greece should attack the turkish aggressors and instead of being supported by their allies they should have to fight the war alone for not defending their borders , by attacking the turks who infringe their sovereignty they are defending their border . 
  democracy , human rights , space exploration , the list goes on . 
  they named it after the ( former king ) [ https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/juan_carlos_i_of_spain], 
  spain has the juan carlos amphibious assault ship which can function as a carrier . 
  the spanish built a different one with a similar ( maybe same ) design to thailand , currently they still have the pictured one and are looking to sell it . 
  if you want to keep the people down and force the people who are to fall to their level i 'm sure communism or socialism can work just as well . 
  if you want an economy where people generally do better over time you should probably have a economy with a free market / liberal aspect , that being said completely unregulated capitalism does not work either . 
  [ citation ] ( http://home.uchicago.edu/~vlima/courses/econ200/spring01/hayek.pdf ) it may seem more efficient per euro/dollar to you the consumer but is it more efficient per euro/dollar for the economy ? 
  high tax rates take money out of the economy and discourage spending take further money out of the economy whereas private companies keep that money in the economy . 
  it may be more efficient per euro for you personally but consider what it costs the government as well . 
  think of all the money they must take out of the market to fund it whereas with the private system that money stays in the market . 
  le pen is possibly the worst of them all , although melenchon is n't much better . 
  but the two candidates who seem to understand any amount of economics i meant fillon and macron , although i 'd say macron believes in what i think amounts to keynesian economics which is much better than what fillon believes in . 
  melanchon does believe in keeping money in the nads of the poor but also believes in a 100 % tax rate for the rich which will discourage advancement and does not believe in the liberalization of trade which is something that also can be said about le pen, 
  i 'm sorry i ca n't take you that seriously when you say that globalization has been a bad thing , globalization has seen a boom of incomes and huge shrinking of poverty internationally . 
  fillon definitely does not have the best ideas in terms of how to increase the flow of money to the economy he does seem to understand that privatization and deregulation boosts economic growth . 
  melenchon on the other hand is raising taxes to the point where it will decrease revenues most likely . 
  plus we all know that state runs businesses are extremely inefficient . 
  i believe that macron has a much better grasp of the economic reality such as trade being mutually beneficial and keynes being generally right but fillon seems to have moderated thatcher who moderated reagan who moderated hayek so it is quite obvious he also understands some basic principles like trade being mutually beneficial but i 'm guessing he believes wealth trickles down which could not be further from the truth . 
  i do not understand what you are saying , most economists will tell you that the best way to get more money into the economy is to give more spending power to the people in the lower income brackets . 
  plus 45 million is my country is 15 % . 
  from what i can tell all but two lack even the most basic understanding of economics . 
  i did n't know r/europe was into trump-spiracies . 
  nah , lets not continue the balkanization of europe , plus the government of the uk would have to be extremely stupid to let this happen . 
  i hope they pull out of nato then immediately get attacked but russia . 
  that would be very ironic . 
  [ world gross domestic product also grew significantly over that same time period , from 57 trillion to 75 trillion ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.mktp.kd?start=2005 ) so debt to gdp ratio grew from roughly 45 % to 77 %, 
  good to see relatively little trade with china in europe proper , it speaks well of the future, 
  completely agree time zones do n't really serve a real purpose . 
   so the nations which were better at killing people , get to rule over the smaller , weaker nations . 
  sure why not ?
