  would n't it be immoral to continue to allow a country which can not protect the needs of its citizens to exist ? 
  but what about diego garcia and bvis ? 
  since wikipedia does n't list any american genocides in latin america and neither does google , i 'm going to guess you got that info from something like `` usstatesecretsleaked.com . '', 
  yes things besides diseases killed native americans . 
  i 'm just counting what you said because i have already made my point , if you want russia listed do it yourself , i can show you three turkish genocides , you can show me `` two '' from other countries, 
  maybe because they are consistently generating surpluses which would show poor economic planning . 
   for the senate and state elections the big difference would be that a party will be able to put 2 people up for election in one state you ca n't have two people in one senate seat , also the people select who they want to be their candidate for senate beforehand unlike some parlimentary type systems where the parties make the choices  we have county councils who run things , not mayors . 
  both mayoral and presidential roles are largely ceremonial in ireland . 
  they act more as ambassadors rather than leaders . 
  we have county council as well . 
   the tea party is an extreme fringe with significant representation . 
  the tea party is a fringe , not an extreme fringe they merge a number of traditional conservative talking points with some more liberal ones , plus they do n't really have much representation at higher levels . 
  immigration can be very beneficial for the nation gaining immigrants and the individual if the country makes an effort to take only the and all of the best and brightest from the other country . 
  my local district is [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/36/maryland_us_congressional_district_4_%28since_2013%29.tif/lossless-page1-600px-maryland_us_congressional_district_4_%28since_2013%29.tif.png ), 
   it also removes the problem of the 2 party system and tactical voting two parties is not inherently bad i 'm sure you have plenty of positions with only one seat , do you cities/towns have multiple mayors ? 
   i realise that some bits would be difficult to implement in a country as large as america and the spreading of power has some disadvantages but i 'd take my country 's system over yours every day of the week . 
  i agree our system is n't perfect but it is still far better than most systems which allow extreme fringes to have significant representation . 
  so lets count all the things you claim are genocides despite not even falling into the loosest defintion . 
  turks-3 genocides , pontic , assyrian , armenian america-2 , latin america ( no idea what you are making up here ) , native americans uk-2 tasmanians/australian natives and india germans-2 jews and gypsys it seems like the turks lead the way , probably followed by the germans because unintentionally spreading disease to natives does not constitute genocide . 
  either , if she hates the english like she says she would n't be speaking their language, 
  perhaps if the french liberalized the way employment worked these people would have jobs and would n't fall for protectionist nonsense . 
   why does n't a nation have the right for break away ? 
  why must catalonia remain in a spanish union if they are not spanish ? 
  this is like saying that genoans are n't italian or the bavarians are n't german  should ireland have remained under british rule ? 
  the croatians and slovenes in yugoslavia ? 
  the innumerable nations under russia ? 
  yes, 
  you can get much more than four weeks vacation in some jobs in america, 
  most countries or peoples have done it , none more so than the turks . 
  i guess you must really hate how the international organiations pick their leadership then . 
  also we do n't have first past the poll for every election and the elections we have it for only have one winner , how else would you do it ? 
  you ca n't have proportional representation for a single seat . 
  genocide requires intent , i 'm guessing you ca n't show intent for natives starving because someone else used their land or catching diseases everyone else was immune to . 
  the germans might have the turks beat actually . 
  they definitely killed more people but over the course of fewer genocides . 
  if she really wanted independence she would have said it all in scottish . 
  the pontic , assyrian , and armenian genocides , the numerous ethnic cleansing campaigns against bulgarians , and the continued suppression of minorities that will likely lead cultural genocides . 
  you know what must suck ? 
  only having half a country . 
  except for the fact that argentina and mexico are already permanent members, 
  mexico is already in it ... 
  honestly kick out the two nations that do n't have a top 20 gdp and give the dutch and spanish the spots they deserve . 
  have any people in history committed as many genocides as the turks ? 
   everyone might get the treatment they need at a hospital but where the differences are between the us and most european countries , the treatment wo n't leave the individual or it 's close ones in financial ruin . 
  i said that that people ca n't afford to get the care they need in the sense that people will actually refuse treatment because they simply ca n't afford to pay for it in the long run . 
  people just balance what they believe is more important their money or their health , i 'm sure people do this in your country as well , some people spend money to belong to a gym and work out others would prefer to save the money or spend it on something else . 
   you views on lobbying seem to more focused on the idea behind lobbying and what its original purpose seems to be rather what is actually going on . 
  either you are being willfully ignorant or refuse to actually see it . 
  lobbying , while it does influence congresspeople , it is not very effective on visible or important issues . 
  it mostly comes in to effect when legislating minutia and still congresspeople will vote in what they believe is in the interest of their constituents no matter what ,  you make the comparison between your two party system and the election for the president of france . 
  yes , we have two elections just like france , except instead of just having it for president we have it for almost every position , senate , house of representatives , governors , state senators , mayors , some places even have it for garbage collectors . 
  the first one determines who will show up in the second just like france as well . 
   if you think your two party system is actually a good form of democracy then i think you should see how good other countries have it . 
  we do n't have two parties so much as two broad ideologies `` liberalism '' and `` conservatism '' just like france usually has a left politician and a right politician in their final elections we usually have the same . 
   i am personally from iceland and we just had an election for our parliament and we got 7 parties representing the people and we had a selection of 12 . more parties ! = more better . 
  in our congress we have every ideology that is n't wacko that you could imagine and some of the wacko ones as well . 
  while most of them like having a d or r nnext to their names they fall into these `` caucasus '' or what you would call parties in your country probably . 
  some caucuses such as the blue dogs or new democrats on the democratic side or business or rockefeller republicans on the republican side are willing to go into a coalition with those on the other side of the left right spectrum as they are all pretty close to the center , some other factions like the liberal democrats , neoliberals , or neoconservatives will sometimes join a coalition but not usually , finally on the far edges we have groups such as the progressives , the christian-conservatives , the paleoconservatives , the libertarian republicans , the tea party , and the alt-right are unwilling to join coalitions sometimes even if they originate on the same side of the left right spectrum . 
  so that is the equivalent of 13 parties in most countries , and they are all represented in our legislature , most people also have the option to vote for a green-socialist party or a libertarian party , so that makes what you would likely call 15 of your parties , thirteen with national representation , if you want to go to the state level we can talk about things like independent democrats , different types of libertarians , separatists , segregationists , and a huge number of centrists . 
   a two party system will never fully represent the will of the people . 
  you say that but when you have parties as big tent as we have it become very possible . 
   when you try to argue my point about the right wing and less right wing party you talk about how many are liberals . 
  being liberal and a right winger is not mutually exclusive , conservative vs liberal and right vs left are two entirely different things concepts , true , but the us is fairly centrist globally . 
   gary johnson is even a republican liberal . 
  this does n't really matter much but he is more of an incrementalist libertarian . 
   that is true but they do get cheap higher education . 
  they get that here as well , it 's called scholarships , financial aid , in-state tuition , and community college . 
   the education secretary is only the least important cabinet position if education is what is least important to you . 
  not really , the department of education functions fairly similarly no matter who is the sec of ed because the main thing the department of ed does is give money to state departments of education . 
  not surprising , most countries do n't let criminals hold office . 
   a system where people will not go to a hospital because they ca n't afford to except for the fact that hospitals legally have to treat everyone even if they can not pay . 
   a system where people ca n't afford to get the education they want not everyone can get the exact education they want but everyone can get the education they need for free , i 'm sure even in the most socialist society imaginable not everyone gets everything they want , they get what they need . 
   system where bribing is basically legal through lobbying this is a fundamental misunderstanding of what lobbying is and does . 
  i 'm sure you think lobbying is the corporate executives send a briefcase of money to a senator who then votes how they are told on a given bill , but in fact this image could n't be further from the truth . 
  the most important role of lobbyists is providing expertise on subjects the politicians are n't necessarily very knowledgeable about . 
  most of the time lobbyists simply offer advise to politicians that they then take or leave as they see fit . 
   where laws are more likely to pass based on corporate interest over public interest if this is true than how come corporation have n't reduced their tax rate yet ? 
  it seems like one of the first things they would do yet the us still has one of the highest corporate tax rates in the world and one of the lowest income tax rates in the civilized world which seems like would be the mark of a country who valued public interest over corporate intrests  then at the end of the day , if you wa n't something else to represent your best interest in the form of presidency or congress , you get to pick between two parties yes this is slightly true , to the same extent it is true about selecting the president in france . 
  we have a first round election , a primary , where each of the caucuses submit candidates to be voted on , those with the highest two vote totals move on to the second round and face each other . 
   the right wing party and the slightly less right wing party . 
  you say that but it is largely untrue , american politicians are pretty liberal on a global scale some just look far right because of all the nuts on reddit who talk about them and are very far left . 
   just recently you got your military budget increased to the point where almost the same amount of money could have provided free tuition for collage education but that is not where the money is at someone is mixing up headlines . 
  that was proposed , a new budget has not been fully constructed yet and has not been passed or even looked at by either branch of congress . 
  plus not everyone needs free college education or even college education , plenty of people get by fine with the 13 years of education they are already provided . 
   lets not forget that your education secretary basically bought her position oooh one of the least important cabinet position was by someone involved in the presidents polticial part for the past three and a half decades !!!, 
  you really got me there . 
   what an amazing system you got there thanks , it does a good job of protecting individual liberties while also promoting the common good . 
  yes the country with one of the largest corporate tax rates in the world and spends more on welfare than most other nations values business over people ... 
  there is a difference between being a democracy and a republic and being a democratic republic just like there is a difference between democratic socialism and being a democracy and following socialism . 
  if you do n't think the us government represents its constituents than you obviously do n't understand how the us government functions . 
  gerrymandering ! = corruption, 
  i guess some europeans ca n't understand that there are different types of government with different goals . 
  except for gerrymandering only has less than 10 % or so of congressional districts ... 
  america does n't claim to be a democracy though ... we are something far more effective , a democratic republic . 
  who will win the neo-ottoman fascist or the european `` fascists '' ? 
  this is getting ridiculous . 
  let them have another referendum in 20 or so years enough of this referendums everyday until we get what we want bs . 
  this map clearly illustrates one thing , the need to drive a wedge between russia and china . 
  two of the three i mentioned could deal with both , together we could recreate the opening of china . 
  it 's sad that we stepped in and meddled where we did n't belong .
