  i 'd like to see a united eu then we can divide what 's left of the world between the eu , the us , and russia, 
  most of spain is a federation in confederation with the rebellious parts, 
  spain is unitary , people wish it was a federation , and it acts like a confederation . 
  in any other country rebels like those in catalan , basque , and galicia would be disallowed but in spain the government makes it easier for them to leave, 
  what do you mean ? 
  it is russia 's , they won it fair and square by having a significantly better military than ukraine . 
  yeah you can , send in spec ops to kill of members of the ruling party or sponsor acts of terror at important voting sights for united russia to make their rigging unimportant . 
  the turks love destroying ancient landmarks from the colosus of rhodes , to the great library , to the parthenon . 
  perhaps france should respond by influencing future russian elections . 
  britian was n't under roman control at all until 43 ad under the rule of claudius , it took much more time after that for the romans to take over the full island and consolidate power . 
   no , basically i think that of the eu nato countries the uk is the last one that can afford 2 % i mean if you do n't count luxembourg , greece , italy , spain , or portugal , then sure . 
   huge budget deficits just like the nations i listed , plus deficits are n't necessarily bad . 
   step up to fill the gap the point of collective defense is that all nations protects each other , all nations that do n't meet 2 % should step up  nhs is the nhs even something you want to save ? 
  is it worth it ? 
   raise taxes raising taxes does n't always raise revenue . 
  it 's democratic , not particularly , comparatively , oppressive of minorities , they are n't expanding their military , and they have made minimal territorial readdujtments . 
  it 's only hypocritical through a very certain worldview , while i support russia owning crimea and serbia owning kosovo , i think you 'll find nato interventions in both are consistent . 
  the idea behind both is that it would be better for nato for them to expand their sphere of influence . 
  kosovo is basically albanian , albania is a member of nato . 
  ukraine is seen by some in nato as a potential future member and it would be good for natos strategic interests for them to have as much land as possible . 
  keep the british out maybe ? 
  so basically what you are saying is that nato nations should n't maintain a military and should instead rely on the us to help them ? 
  what about when during world war ii the nazis developed huge guns that could hit london from northern france ? 
  your question has nothing to do with what we are talking about , if it does please tell me how it relates . 
  we are talking about russia taking crimea , no fascist states involved . 
  funny how pro-trade groups support sanctions and anti-trade groups do n't, 
  what do you mean ? 
  the rn is quite clear that they do n't have enough ships and that they do n't have an air craft carrier . 
  plus they have announced they plan to retire the harpoon missiles and have not announced a replacement . 
  no missiles , to few ships , missing important capabilities . 
  does n't sound find to me, 
  so many problems with the british navy right now . 
  when the russian air craft carrier went through the channel they rushed to find enough ships to monitor them , they currently have no carriers , and they will soon have no anti-ship missiles . 
  depending on your definition of country , belgium does exist , it has a group of people who share a set of beliefs , claim citizenship , have a shared history , and it has international recognition , the only thing it does n't have is land . 
  the people of belgium do live under a democracy though and their `` country '' is held up as an example by the eu leadership to the rest of the eu, 
  it 's funny how many of you believe the soviet/russian-japanese conspiracy of finland or the originally french-german , more recently eu conspiracy of belgium . 
  nothing against the culture or the people it 's just interesting to see so many people talk about a land mass that does n't exist . 
  coal is a dead industry and barring a much cheaper way to mine coal or a discovery for a new use for coal it will stay that way . 
  how did he say that ? 
  `` there is no french word for entrepreneur '' - george w. bush / s, 
  what is truly surprising to me is how many people in europe can rely on public transport as their primary mode of transportation , very impressive . 
  when china succeeds economically due to having a working economic system ( i.e. 
  not socialism or communism ) then says they have a not working economic system ( i.e. 
  socialism or communism ) it makes those not working systems look much better which causes their spread . 
  nominal is much more reliable as instead of measuring constantly fluctuating variables it focuses on the economic output of a country , the best measure to see the quality of life in a country though is probably median income or hdi, 
  saying you are communist is as bad as being communist . 
  i 'd trust the imf over statistictimes.com ... 
  if you use the more accurate measure , gdp per capita , nominal you beat france, 
  ppp is terrible at reflecting trade , nominal does a much better job . 
  also ppp does not do a good job of reflecting trade, 
  us killed plenty in return . 
  about the american ambassador in benghazi . 
  us nukes could still destroy any nation that moved on us territory ... 
  actually a better statement would have been a country should only exist if it can protect its territorial sovereignty . 
  what 's your point ? 
  or nations who have protection from nations with nukes, 
  i 'd love for canada and mexico to try that , free land !, 
  ever heard of nato , nations can trade influence for protection . 
  actually they can look up abm and aegis . 
  plus nuclear annihilation of america would result in nuclear annihilation of russia . 
  countries are n't people, 
  they were the first country to put a screen door on a submarine . 
  but on a more serious note , they have a long history of fighting neighbors and being conquered . 
  winged hussars saved europe at vienna . 
  chopin created some great music . 
  lech walesa and his solidarity movement were able to stand up to the ussr without all being murdered , pretty impressive . 
  poland was home to many of the nazi extermination and concentration camps . 
  the sejm during the polish-lithuanian commonwealth holds the achievement for least effective government due to the liberum veto which allowed one person to stop any legislation from being made and the elective monarchy that often picked a foreign monarch with little interest in governing who then mostly ignored poland copernicus is why we no longer know the sun rotates around the earth . 
  marie currie discovered radium poland is one of the few nations who had a citizen become pope poland was one of the few nations to help the us in the iraq war poland is one of the top 20 most visited countries ( i do n't know what exact number ), 
  if the us and russia were able to get the nukes away from them , then the nukes obviously were n't enabling ukraine to protect it 's citizens . 
  do n't blame outsiders for helping the ukrainian people , blame their leaders for putting them in such a terrible position . 
  clearly ukraine could n't protect their citizens if russia was able to take crimea, 
  it is morally wrong to allow a nation which can not protect it 's citizens to continue to exist and not protect it 's citizens . 
  always sad to see these countries do away with freedom, 
  it 's better than hard currency at least, 
  if people do n't pay debts they get their stuff auctioned off , greece has lots of stuff , antiques , art , military equipment , land , and much more . 
  we the people of the ~ ~ united states ~ ~ european union , in order to form a more perfect union , establish justice , insure domestic tranquility , provide for the common defence , promote the general welfare , and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity , do ordain and establish this constitution for the ~ ~ united states of america . ~ ~ united nations of europe . 
  please keep them western aligned for four years so we do n't see a drift towards china/communism, 
  we already have people lined up , they are called the us army , navy , air force , coast guard , and marines . 
  they are sworn to the constitution and if a president refuses to leave the white house , they will remove them by whatever means necessary . 
  actually i just did the apportionment math and can tell you that even if every solidly blue state and new state from the uk voted one way , the rest of the states would cancel them out . 
  yes and the us is fairly united on the other side , most americans are pro-gun and anti-national health system , but federalism means they can have socialized health and some gun restrictions while we have our constitutional rights and a different health care system . 
  the democrats and republicans are hardly the laughing stock of the world , they could quite easily drive out the uk political parties , there house delegation would be 71 people . 
  the us political parties have some of the largest fundraising bases in the world plus they are much better campaigners , you might have a house seat or two from the us going labour but the democrats could easily push in to more contested uk districts that swap between labour and tories due to being between the two of them on many issues , but much more importantly having much better funding . 
  the two parties have experience squeezing out the little guys and incorporating them in to the two parties , in presidential years if a labour or conservative candidate is polling well they will just raise the % needed for debates to 20 % or 25 % or even 30 % until it is just the democrat and the republican . 
  republicans would never agree and the uk would never agree , but saying they would decide everything is a hyperbole . 
  ( assuming they would join as england , scotland , wales , and northern ireland ) that would give them a lot of voting power but overall politics would shift . 
  republicans and democrats would shift to appeal to new voters and in the long run they would likely be no more influential than any other big states . 
  if they joined as many , many states they could have hugely disproportionate control of the senate, 
  threat in what way ? 
  military ? 
  the uk could have more influence internationally if they became part of the us depending on how they joined . 
  i mean they would have no ( direct ) influence over foreign policy , be subject to all sorts of federal regulations , be forced to switch from the pound to the usd , the queen would lose any formal power/position she has now , they would have to pay more taxes , lose any right to regulate trade , and would have to do away with many laws they have now , but it will all be worth it when they can buy bananas with any curvature they want and not take any refugees , unless the us governments wants to take refugees , then the uk will have no influence over it . 
  north korea , the nation with the largest % of military to population , has 30 % of it 's population in the military . 
  i think that netherlands , the lowest % i see , would be able to do just fine with 15 % and likely would n't even need that much . 
  i 'm american and i sometimes put corn on my pizza , plus i was desensitized to pizza toppings by [ the ninja turtles ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=54au0ve5i50 ), 
  hopefully we can move forward by removing the vassal part of that headline . 
  i mixed up the years , world bank is 2015 , imf is 2016, 
  well they are from different years so it would be surprising and bad if they were n't different . 
  both those number seem low,
