it 's on the coast of africa , technically, 
  though getting a room is very difficult, 
  octupus is weird since when ? 
  yup . 
  we were also the first or second country to abolish the death penalty . 
  what is a lifer ? 
  portugal too . 
  that situation with the hiv + woman is horrendous . 
  you should try to get international help . 
  on cemeteries - wait , i 'm not greek orthodox , if i died in cyprus where would i be buried ? 
  about leaving the children orphan - ca n't a father die while the woman is pregnant after in utero fertilization ? 
  what a stupid argument . 
  holy crap !, 
  cremation and in vitro illegal ? 
  and i thought portugal was backwards ... another big difference is that cancer thing ... 
  here we love to whine about our health ... aids is still a taboo though . 
  we do have a lit of aids foundations , especially for ex-heroin addicts . 
  pretty sure the only thing with guaranteed employment is medicine . 
  honestly , most of the time it 's recibos verdes ( green receipts ) , which means you have no worker 's rights . 
  call centres : the only place you 'll find a job after having a bsc or msc in portugal . 
  my dad ( a maoist too ) says dur\u00e3o barroso was only in the party to get chicks . 
  and the same time , it 's a sort of a veiled insult ( like good riddance in english ), 
  how are you going to take a whole school outside in time ( earthquakes are n't like fires ) ? 
  this assuming there 's an open field to begin with . 
  not at all . 
  stay under desks or doorways, 
  for real . 
  here in portugal every caf\u00e9 has tea and my dad was in spain and asked for tea at one and they were like '' ... ? '', 
  at the beach ? 
  very rare . 
  as underwear , most of the women in their 20s do . 
  at least in portugal it 's becoming increasingly more rare and nobody young ( unless they 're a certain type of upper class ) watches them . 
  i think they stopped showing them on tv . 
  now , if only they stopped getting state funds ... 
  i 've seen some nasty shit rescuing animals and in university . 
  your dog has no idea it has balls , ffs, 
  portuguese here . 
  normally , both male and female cats are neutered/spayed but normally only female dogs are spayed . 
  obviously this is around more educated people . 
  most people just let them breed and create more unwanted kittens/puppies \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  dogs do n't have periods , they go into heat . 
  spaying prevents nasty uterine infections , not to mention overpopulation . 
  ivo and iva are entirely separate from eva . 
  where in canada ? 
  nobody does that in quebec , . 
  my house has a well . 
  yes . 
  i 'm a masters student and i 'd say like 30 % of the students smoke , plus some that only smoke when they 're drunk . 
  i would n't say it 's a semi taboo in the us , it looks like a full on taboo . 
  smoke free streets , weed being better tolerated than cigarettes ... 
  i think every child should be a wanted child . 
  keep it safe , legal and free . 
  everyone and their mom has had herpes since they were kids , nobody bats an eye . 
  there 's commercials for topical zovirax everywhere . 
  my neighbour was in the portuguese colonial war for like a month before he fell off a pole and became wheelchair bound for the next 40 years of his life . 
  his wounds never healed and he died a few months ago after another attempt at closing them . 
  portugal peanut butter - seen as a novelty ; some larger supermarkets carry it but it is n't a staple . 
  spent part of my childhood in canada and my parents never bought it . 
  jam/jelly/preserves - marmalade is a portuguese invention , but made from quince ( `` marmelo '' , hence marmelada '' ) . 
  it 's very common in children 's snacks ( or at least it used to be ) . 
  also , strawberry jam . 
  ready to eat meals ( such a this ) . 
  basically a frozen meal you can throw in the microwave and heat then eat . 
  not very popular , unless it 's lasagne from lidl . 
  common breakfast items - lots of people do n't eat breakfast . 
  if it 's at home , cereal or toast ; at a coffee shop , a coffee with milk and a croissant or toast . 
  some older men like their beer or their aguardente cereals - healthy cereals like all bran or overly sweet things like cheerios . 
  no lucky charms or froot loops . 
  common beverages - sparkling water ( if you 're feeling ill ) , fanta , coke , fruit juice . 
  common condiments - mayo , ketchup . 
  mustard not as common when it comes to pasta do you buy dry pasta/canned sauce or make from scratch ? 
  - i buy the pasta dry and make my own sauce . 
  common alcoholic beverages ? 
  beer , shitty bottled cider that should not be called cider , wine ( universal thing , not trendy or for moms ) , gin is a huge fad nowadays , absinthe/tequila/vodka shots , older men like their aguardente, 
   i ca n't speak for all of us , but one elephant in the room is that when americans describe their heritage , they are also describing their appearance . 
  i know it sounds strange because europe is very diverse , but there is some similarity in appearance between those who are ( for example ) ethnically greek ( olive skin , dark hair ) , or scandinavian ( light hair , pale skin ) . 
  see that 's exactly what i do n't like . 
  jennifer aniston is greek-american . 
  bjork is from iceland . 
  is jen dark and bjork fair ? 
  also , there 's super blond and blue eyed italians . 
  portugal is suffering from a g & t epidemic , unfortunately . 
  we also like shots , mostly vodka , tequila or absinthe . 
  it does work on rural roads . 
  the one near my house does n't go green unless you press the button . 
  went to berlin , ate blutwurst all week . 
  yum . 
  ok , well , do you know this song : `` do , a deer , a female deer ; re , a drop of golden sun ... '' ? 
  wow . 
  that 's amazing . 
  in portugal these benefits are really , really low and people need to either receive charity or work under the table . 
  teenagers mostly , and they have a flat brim . 
  i 'm more afraid of someone yelling `` bomb ! '', 
  as a joke in a crowd and everyone trampling each other to death . 
  portugal : you would fit in with the social democrat party ( which is not in fact social democrat ) , which is centre-right, 
  had an induction hob by them , broke . 
  was told it was top of the line when bought , but alas , now we have a bosch . 
  it 's happened . 
  now i need a cat names cipriano . 
  a black one , to go with the whole saint cipriano witchcraft thing,
