lichtenstein refuses to give back the lawnmower they borrowed from switerland in 1902 , and even a swiss person can only be pushed so far . 
  the beauty of conspiracies . 
  everything that is n't part of the explanation is an elaborate cover-up . 
  it all boils down to a `` them vs us '' narrative . 
  it always has , and it always will . 
  facist , communist , liberal , terrorist , all these terms have been drained of their original meaning and used as an exclusion term at some point . 
  the only difference is that these days we have so much information to choose from , it is harder than ever to see where `` them '' stops and `` us '' beginsm which is why these debates turn toxic so quickly , especially on the internet , where the information war has simply escalated relatively recently compared to , say , tv . 
  they also forgot to label slovenia . 
  which is kinda of unfair considering the whole country is right there on the map and also sort of involved in this crisis . 
  austria still has mandatory military service , so i most people here sort of know their way around assault rifles and handguns . 
  it 's just 1 year of service though , and you do n't get much practice time in ( most time in the austrian army is spent on a ) exercise and b ) trying not to die of boredom ) so do n't expect swiss levels of firearms competence here . 
  as for me , i was thrown out of basic training because of an undiscovered cardiac defect , my only experience is from going hunting in canada with a bunch of crazy canadian rednecks . 
  if you say so . 
  well yes , they did . 
  god damn you , wilhelm !, 
  and otto . 
  and that moltke dude . 
  and those italians . 
  that is entirely contingent on you guys finally accepting that we are n't just 8 million extra bavarians . 
  then austria should be off that list , we had five heat waves this summer and they 're projecting an abnormally warm september as well . 
  if i wanted temperatures around 39 \u00b0 c and 90 % humidity , i 'd move to thailand . 
  `` oh look , another thing we can latch onto to get rid of people who disagree with us !, 
  how convenient ! '', 
  and the worst thing is , as a lot of other people said , this is not limited to turkey . 
  they have that same problem with the votivkirche in vienna , but they decided to take the risk . 
  originally the clean-up was supposed to take about 2 years . 
  they 've been at it for four now and still nowhere finished because they have to essentially soak the entire building section by section . 
  true , but actually i think i have the wrong analogy alltogether , but what 's written is written . 
  yeah , how dare we not have a monolithic ootlook on life and a 2-dimensional opinion spectrum . 
  also : i like how your username is relevant to your point . 
  as a bunch of people said , the problem is that if you express a moderate opinion , you are roasted by both extremes of the spectrum . 
  `` all who are not with us 100 % are against us 100 % ! '', 
  is very popular on both deep ends . 
  shove their heads up their asses and their feet in their mouths at the same time , mostly . 
  in all seriousness , the parties are doing nothing and proposing nothing . 
  they are milking the whole thing for all it 's worth in political capital ( surprise ! ), 
  especially the far-right ( \u00dcberraschung ! ), 
  though the left is not without blame either , and not really solving anything while dragging their feet and artificially escalating the crisis because nobody is willing to risk their political careers for a bunch of brown people . 
  i wish i was using hyperbole . 
  they even forbade doctors without borders access to the largest refugee camp in the country until recently , something that does n't even happen in syria . 
  in my opinion that just should n't be happening in a civilized western country , no matter your stance on immigration . 
  it 's raining right now just north of vienna at 19 \u00b0 c. 
  finally august is the way it should be again , no more of this 39 \u00b0 c and sunshine silliness . 
  that 's actually a children 's game . 
  you start with `` donaudampfschifffahrtsgesellschaft '' and then just add word after word after word until someone gets something wrong . 
  can we finally start selling you wine then ? 
  so you 're from bologna then ? 
  look on the bright side , it could be udine . 
  the map omits vienna , prague , bratislava and ljubiana , but includes bologna . 
  and it also leaves out toronto . 
  i have no idea who drew up this map , but he apparently failed both north american and european geography . 
  objective # 1 : be higher on list than germans for a change . 
  * looks at list * yes , quite . 
  rest of list now irrelevant . 
  considering they keep questioning us about that too , i really do n't know any more , neighbour . 
  anti-science conservatives . 
  it 's nothing as elaborate as in the states , where people are against science because of god , or ideology . 
  it 's just plain greed here . 
  at least you still have a minister of science . 
  somebody around here thought it was a good idea to save money by incorporating the ministry of science into the ministry of finance . 
  sssh , just be happy we 're more free than anyone else for once , or the government will notice they forgot to restrict this sort of thing . 
  what 's funny is that carinthia is marked as separate from austria , in one of the few cases of reverse-seperatism . 
  it 's legal in austria . 
  not as well-organized as in other countries , but it 's an official business , they have unions , health checkups pay taxes , labor laws , etc. 
  the government likes to ignore it , and nobody really likes seeing it , but it brings tax revenue and is an official business , so there 's this sort of tacit approval combined with a blind eye . 
  so it 's still a seedy business ( pun intended ) and on the fringes of it there are ties to organized crime . 
  i personally think the government should actually stand by it as with any other business instead of this `` we take your money but wo n't acknowledge your problems '' which keeps pushing it closer to criminal organizations . 
  33 % of you i 'd really like to meet . 
  33 % of you i do n't have an opinion on 33 % of you make me vaguely uncomfortable . 
  1 % of you deserve to be launched into the river with weights attached . 
  so yeah , pass , but thanks anyway . 
   austria 21 % that is way more than i expected . 
  having been in the austrian military , i think the smartest move to ensure the liberation of austria in case of invasion is to nip off to join some other country 's army . 
  i have no statistics to back it up , but i keep hearing the same thing about turkish people in austria ( surprise ) . 
  but it does make sense . 
  i mean , anatolia is an economically weaker region of turkey , so many people migrate from it . 
  rich , secular and educated people in large cities like istanbul , ankara and izmir are probably more differentiated in their voting habits than farmers from anatolia . 
  i just have to look at my own country , farmers from the ( comparatively ) poorer farming regions ( poor being a very relative term in austria ) vote for conservative and more authoritarian candidates than people from the city . 
  so i could see why . 
  actually i 'm seriously doubting both that isis cares about this and that only russian rich folk are buying plundered artifacts . 
  meanwhile in isis-occupied syria : `` arr , these devil-artifacts insult islam , let us destroy them , brothers !, 
  * camera cuts out * and by destroy i mean carefully remove them and fund our war efforts by selling them to immoral westerners . 
  haha , propaganda is awesome ! '', 
  i imagine something along those lines happened . 
  edit : yes guys , i know russia is not considered part of the west by most people . 
  but as said , i doubt that isis cares about that , and i also doubt that only russians are buying plundered artifacts . 
  this probably affects a lot of import businesses for convulted international trade reasons , but knowing us it probably wo n't even make it to national news . 
  well , the french can be pretty chill about this if they feel like it . 
  i mean , they essentially admitted that croissants were originally invented in austria without making more than a few decades of fuss about it . 
  by european standards , that 's near-instant . 
  i do n't know what 's weirder , the word or the fact that i was able to read that without much effort . 
  actually we do eat that . 
  well , old people do . 
  it 's like my dad still likes eating sheep brain with eggs because offal was all the meat he got after the war . 
  so yeah , not most , but many older austrian do eat that . 
  we like to keep it on the down low . 
  deep . 
  fried . 
  mars . 
  bars .
