  that 's true , but it still describes income inequality within each country . 
  so instead of describing how impoverished people are objectively , it 's more a description of how unequally wealth is distributed . 
  income inequality does n't refer to destitution , but literally to how equally the wealth is distributed . 
  how is income inequality not considered in this ? 
  it 's percentage of children below 50 % of the national average for income . 
  not every chart has to include every single variable . 
  it 's not propaganda to show statistics . 
  it would be propaganda to use this chart alone to say `` america is terrible and hates its children ! '', 
  but it does not do that . 
  slovakia wo n't see it coming . 
  ^ yes ^ i ^ know ^ slovakia ^ was ^ never ^ in ^ any ^ sense ^ a ^ colony . 
  yeah but before that , in the 16th and 17th centuries , ireland was basically colonized by the english . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_ireland_ ( 1536 % e2 % 80 % 931691 ) #colonization _ and_the_religious_question, 
  this could be a news ticker headline in sim city 3000 . 
  greece does n't have to take them either . 
  they were safe in turkey . 
  as soon as they leave turkey for greece and other eu countries they should be regarded as economic migrants , not asylum seekers . 
  it can be a good , legitimate thing without it being a human right . 
  herp derp democratic self-determination of peoples, 
  in that case , would n't arabic make the most sense ? 
  of course we would have !, 
  we have the weather control device . 
  there 's always a few perks to having a dictator . 
  that 's definitely one of them . 
  it did , but funnily enough the end of wwii was solved with more nationalism . 
  the czechs , slovaks , and poles expelled german and hungarian citizens from their countries . 
  combined with the holocaust , which killed millions of jews , roma , and others , you got remarkably `` pure '' nation states in central europe . 
  even the soviet union grew more nationalistic in order to inspire it 's people to fight for their country . 
  wwii did n't end nationalism or the idea of nation-states in europe . 
  nationalism won , and as a result it did n't need to fight as hard anymore , and so it did n't need to be talked about as a political force as much post-1945 . 
  as it often is , yes . 
  jesus , yes russia is developed . 
  i know there 's a strong anti-russia bias on reddit , but it should be obvious that it 's a developed country regardless of politics . 
  your suggests make a lot of sense , since germany does seem to be okay with taking a lot more migrants . 
  as long as the transport from hungary to germany was controlled and the migrants stayed under the purview of the german government ( i.e. , they do n't just wander off to wherever they like as undocumented people ) . 
  so yeah , if germany is fine with it i guess i ca n't really complain . 
  but i still think it 's ridiculous that the migrants are clamoring to get to germany just because it 's richer . 
  i 'd be pretty happy living in a tent in europe if i just came from a war zone . 
  even if i did n't like it , i 'd be grateful . 
  i agree that the dublin agreement needs to be reformed , but at the moment hungary is an important point because it 's in schengen . 
  if hungary just opens the gates , thousands of migrants ( again , whose backgrounds and identities are unknown ) will move wherever they like in schengen with no passport controls . 
  i 'm not saying the system is perfect , or that the refugees are in a stellar situation , but the solution is not to just start settling them by the thousands without controls , or to allow uninhibited transport to germany . 
  these refugees do not have a right to be permanent residents of hungary or any other eu country ( or any other country except where they came from ) . 
  they have the human right to seek asylum , but that 's it . 
  hungary is giving them that . 
  they are not economic migrants , and if they are , then they are not entitled to the same ease of access to settlement that asylum seekers are . 
  they do not have the right to move to other eu countries . 
  furthermore , it 's not a good situation to have thousands of undocumented migrants whose identities and backgrounds are unknown freely moving throughout europe . 
  and it 's not a prison camp . 
  those people should be goddamn grateful to hungary for what they have . 
  that would be like someone taking me in off the streets and then me complaining that my bed is a little smaller than i 'd like , or i do n't like their cooking , or because the neighbors are richer . 
  if they want to go back to syria , i 'm sure hungary would be happy to oblige . 
  until then , they should be happy that they 're not in a war zone and have food , water , shelter , and peace . 
  they 're asylum seekers !, 
  they should be happy with being in a peaceful country that tolerates them and gives them food , water , and shelter . 
  they absolutely should n't be saying `` well hungary is n't * that * wealthy . 
  better go to germany . '', 
  i do n't know why they found that line funny . 
  it seemed straightforward and not humorous at all . 
  the fence wo n't stop them completely , but like the top comment said , it slows and funnels them significantly . 
  the fence is part of border security , not all of it . 
  far fewer immigrants will be able to get in , and much less quickly . 
  and again , helping them move along is just shifting the problem to other eu members . 
  good point . 
  so schengen countries as a whole should be funding a fence around schengen . 
  how on earth does a simple metal fence with razor wire cost 35 billion euros ? 
  edit : unless you meant forints . 
  111 million euros makes more sense . 
  you mean just have hungary help them move to the rest of the eu ? 
  that 's just shifting the problem , and other eu countries would be very angry . 
  a defensible fence on the eu 's borders is the best way to go at the moment , though i think the eu as a whole should be funding it , not just hungary ( or other border countries ) . 
  like the dinosaurs , nazis did n't actually go extinct . 
  dinosaurs lived on in the form of birds , just like nazis lived on in the form of pathetic drunken neo-nazis who piss on children . 
  but phylogenetically , they are nazis , just like birds are dinosaurs . 
  we treat the descendants of white immigrants very well . 
  we can be directly blamed for the afghani and iraqi refugees at least . 
  americans are already angry over mexican immigration , and mexicans are ( by comparison to middle eastern refugees ) very western , developed , and most importantly christian . 
  there is no way the u.s. would accept all these refugees , even though it is largely our fault . 
  i heard that recently , russian police stopped a man coming from poland to kaliningrad at the border . 
  he had 1000kg of cheese , and claimed it was all for personal use . 
  obviously they did n't believe that . 
  fair enough , i see what you meant with your original comment now . 
  i 'm curious though , what do you propose for actual solutions to the tensions between roma and other europeans ? 
  i understand that you think europe is unfairly racist toward them , but / u/racersmajls made some good points :  they were given free housing - they moved back into the woods . 
  their children were sent to schools and provided with the books and other things needed for education - they stopped going to school . 
  gypsies live in their villages and attack anyone who dares come nearby . 
  they live on welfare and what they steal . 
  they can steal and assault people and the police does nothing ; when the locals have enough and take justice into their own hands , the police rush in . 
  if the roma legitimately do not want to integrate -- and in my limited understanding i have never seen an indication that they do -- what can be done ? 
  just let them continue to use the system without contributing much ? 
  the u.s. does have a problem integrating black people . 
  that 's why there 's still such rampant poverty and de facto segregation in large cities ( as in , cities are divided on racial lines , which coincide with economic lines ) . 
  the u.s. has probably done a better job with black people than europe has done with the roma , but there are still a lot of problems and a long way to go . 
  he is officially the president now . 
  hungarian is a uralic language , not a turkic language . 
  they are unrelated . 
  big differences here though . 
  the uk never ventured to conquer large swaths of europe like germany , france , or russia did . 
  any invasions of the continent were part of a larger conflict and usually defensive . 
  you have to go back to the 100 years ' war for an offensive , conquest-oriented attack on europe .
