  it 's an appeal to the wisdom of the british public who are misinformed on the issue by the british press . 
  i 'm not saying that the public 's disapproval is a good reason for continued independence . 
  i 'm saying that regardless of whether it 's a good idea or not , the uk will not join if the people are ardently against it , which they are . 
  the people and the politicians would simply not let it happen . 
   europe could completely cripple the uk 's economy with tariffs if it wanted to . 
  independence is less economically and politically advantageous . 
  europe * could * hurt the uk 's economy if it wanted to , but that would be ridiculous and europe would never do such a thing . 
  this is n't napoleon 's europe ; the uk and the continent are not at war and have no reason to start one , unless you 're suggesting that a federal europe would suddenly become imperialistic . 
  europe would just cut its losses with the uk and continue beneficial trade policies because it is by far the best thing to do . 
  nobody , not the uk or europe or the us , wants some sort of economic standoff between europe and the uk . 
  are you saying that you think canada will eventually be annexed by the united states ? 
  that 's a pretty bold claim . 
  i do n't even think you could say for certain that they will eventually share one currency . 
  if the uk does n't want to be part of europe , then it wo n't be . 
  europe is n't going to force it , and the uk has enough resources , population , and military to sustain itself as an independent state . 
  it will continue to trade heavily with europe , and will likely be on good terms politically ( like the u.s. and canada right now ) , but it can easily be independent while doing this . 
  and they had a hell of a lot more impact than the western forces at normandy . 
  if 41 million have died since 1945 , that means it 's an equal number that died in wwii , not double it . 
  wwii took between 40 and 50 million . 
  my ex-girlfriend always referred to it as `` retarded spanish '', 
  the holodomor 's causes are less clear than other genocides . 
  nobody , including russia , denies that it happened . 
  the debate is whether it was deliberately genocide or the result of incompetence and very poorly-implemented collective farming . 
  if an actual war began the u.s. would absolutely send military . 
  estonia is part of nato , and it is very much in the u.s. 's interest to keep nato together and committed to the tenets of the treaty . 
  it 's also in u.s. interest to keep russia from exerting its influence into europe , especially when at the expense of eu members . 
  russia can not touch the baltics , poland , romania , or any other nato member without the u.s. the the vast majority of europe sending troops . 
  belarus is much more dictatorial than russia , right ? 
  with much less opposition or power held by oligarchs and the mafia ? 
  it 's my understanding that closely controlled dictatorships are usually very clean , orderly , and free of street crime . 
  putin does n't have that same kind of hold on russia ( also moscow alone is the size of belarus ) , so it would be difficult to clean up moscow to minsk 's standards . 
  i might be a bit worried that nato would fail to honor the agreement if i were czech republic , slovakia , poland , or hungary . 
  it would destroy nato , but it 's not the first time they 've been fucked over by western nations not meeting their obligations . 
  might as well prepare for the worst but hope for the best . 
  ukraine 's gon na party like it 's 1795 . 
  the culture is great , the food and beer are great , it 's not as filled with tourists as western europe , it 's cheap , and there 's still a lot of fun things to do . 
  i lived in the czech republic for a semester and visited a lot of countries in the region ( though i consider czech republic , poland , slovakia , and hungary to be central europe , not eastern europe ) . 
  a lot of people do n't even realize czechoslovakia is no longer a country . 
  i studied abroad in prague , and since getting back it 's ridiculous how many people ask how i enjoyed czechoslovakia . 
  it 's mostly old people , but some college-aged people as well . 
  cnn just fucked up a map . 
  czech republic has not annexed slovakia . 
  how and why did czechoslovakia give ruthenia to the soviet union ? 
  like , why did the soviets just decide they wanted that chunk of land ? 
  why did n't that happen with any other eastern bloc country ? 
  and why did benes agree to it so easily ( apart from , you know , the red army sitting at their door ) ? 
  the wikipedia article does n't really explain any of this in detail . 
  first union with poland . 
  must unite all the west slavs before trying to move to the other branches . 
  also this means they have to quietly grab the sorbs without germany noticing . 
  people are still surprised that czechoslovakia has n't existed for 20 years . 
  they 've also never heard of moldova , only belarus because of that episode of friends , and the entire balkans region is a snowglobe of mystery . 
  what flag is that ? 
  i went to amsterdam and stayed in a youth hostel . 
  it was totally fine to flush the paper , but the toilet itself had , like , a ledge within the bowl that you would shit onto . 
  then when the toilet flushed it would wash it all down to the bottom and out the pipe . 
  i ca n't figure out why it was like this . 
  [ this is what it looked like ] ( http://clogsandtulips.files.wordpress.com/2011/12/img_0824.jpg ) . 
  there were british people staying in the room with me and they were equally baffled . 
  not rare for norway perhaps , but for much of the world it is . 
  `` great britain '' is commonly used , but technically it 's solely a geographic term referring to the island of great britain , which does n't include northern ireland or surrounding islands like the hebrides or isle of man . 
  great britain : http://www.historic-uk.com/assets/images/greatbritain.png?1340009026 uk : http://resources.woodlands-junior.kent.sch.uk/customs/questions/britain/maps/map8.jpg, 
  the connection is that if spain breaks up , its resulting pieces ( catalonia , castile , galicia , basque country , etc. ), 
  will be much less recognizable than spain is right now , just like macedonia , serbia , croatia , bosnia and herzegovina , montenegro , kosovo , and slovenia are less recognizable than `` yugoslavia . '', 
  also , it seems to be a joke , and not a real argument against secession . 
  i was surprised at how many people labeled ukraine `` the place borat is from . '', 
  i thought it was well-known that he 's from kazakhstan , and that kazakhstan is not in europe ( mostly ) . 
  and finland is just barely hanging on . 
  same for czech republic , slovakia , austria , and hungary . 
  putin does n't seem like the gentle or shy type . 
  how so ? 
  i think the u.s. is drifting toward western europe more than anything ( the younger generations especially ) , and russia is drifting back toward soviet-era government . 
  the only similarities i see are the importance of religion and militarism . 
  if you do , you 'll preserve britain 's tradition of radically changing every 100 years or so at the beginning of the century . 
  1603 : union of the crowns ( of scotland and england ) 1707 : act of union ( of scotland and england into great britain ) 1801 : act of union ( of ireland and great britain in to the uk ) 1922 : partition and independence of ireland ** 2014 : ... **, 
  oh definitely . 
  the eu will certainly continue to expand ; i 'm just saying that it 's not suddenly picking up speed to counter russia . 
  the balkans and iceland will join in time , but not for many years , and only when they meet the requirements for membership . 
  i do n't think the eu is too worried about scooping up countries before russia can get to them . 
  in 2004 , your comment would have made more sense , but in the last 9 years , only 3 countries have joined -- romania , bulgaria , and croatia . 
  they 're slowing down with enlargement , not accelerating . 
  do you mean the proposed economic bloc of russia , belarus , kazakhstan , and some other former ssrs ? 
  how hard is the russian government pushing that ? 
  my bad , fixed . 
  it was democratic , and elected by czech ~ ~ and slovak ~ ~ socialist parties . 
  the soviet domination and one-party rule came in the coup d'etat of 1948 . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/czechoslovak_parliamentary_election,_1946 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_czechoslovakia_ ( 1945 % e2 % 80 % 931948 ) # 1946 other sources : 2 czech professors of mine at charles university in prague . 
  one taught modern history of central europe , the other taught transformation from communism . 
  it was the first to do so , but not the only one . 
  i know czechoslovakia did in 1946 , and i think other countries have as well . 
  that would leave pissed off bohemians , pissed off moravians , pissed off slovaks , and apparently amused spaniards . 
  worth it . 
  yeah but they can keep putting it off for years . 
  global capitalism has changed that former utopian idea forever . 
  the `` universal goal '' is no longer happiness or security or not having to work , but the ability to create and buy more material goods . 
  even if individuals hold happiness or security over material goods , they live in and contribute to a society that is focused on constantly creating goods . 
  on the other hand , there is an actual problem with unemployment in individual countries . 
  if all countries had the same unemployment rate , then i do n't think there 'd be much complaint . 
  it 's the fact that if germany has high unemployment , that means it 's losing global power and capital while other countries like china are gaining it . 
  edit : forgot the word `` or '' in the 2nd sentence . 
  yeah that is a poor choice for the title .
