you can sanction russia while still displaying crimea as russian on maps . 
  crimea would n't be able to act as a representative of russia in world politics , but that would be the only difference . 
  crimean people could still be totally integrated into the russian system and have all the same rights and responsibilities as russians . 
  if the world suddenly stopped recognizing hawaii as a u.s. state , it would n't change anything with regard to hawaiians ' status in america . 
  in fact , hawaii would be hurt more in this example than crimea would , because it would disrupt a lot of trans-pacific trade . 
  i think maps should reflect the reality of the situation , not cater to political interests . 
  crimea is part of russia , and most of those unrecognized states are effectively independent countries , and maps should reflect that . 
  the international community can still denounce these things while presenting a realistic map . 
  it 's too soon to show a map with an independent or disputed donetsk people 's republic , because that conflict is ongoing and could change drastically . 
  crimea , however , is a done deal . 
  it is a part of russia , and it wo n't be going back . 
  it is , but i think the sentiment behind it is that since 1991 , russia has been crazily corrupt because of oligarchs . 
  under stalin , all power was in the hands of the state . 
  the state was still corrupt , but it was a different kind of the corruption than the people of russia are currently facing , so it 's easier for them to look back more fondly . 
  iceland relevant . 
  i studied abroad in prague , and one of the people in my program asked the director where the nearest gym was . 
  the director responded , i shit you not , `` oh , czech people do n't really work out . '', 
  also knives and drinking, 
  you always have eesti !, 
  as long as we 're doing this ... britain , we need to talk about your tea habit . 
  it 's a perfectly cromulent word . 
  communists won in the 1946 election . 
  for jupiter 's sake man , if your ancestors saw that italy was groveling to be ruled by england they would turn in their graves . 
  not when invasive foreign species are artificially introduced . 
  sweden : `` oh , there 's a contest ? 
  i guess i better go and collect my prize . '', 
  i did n't say nebraska 's elevation was low , i said that my particular town was incredibly flat . 
  my hometown in nebraska did n't have a natural hill . 
  literally , not one hill in the entire town . 
  it was built in the platte river valley , so it 's just entirely flat . 
  we had one man-made hill in the city park that we could sled or bike down . 
  i agree with you on some level , but it is actually pretty important that russia does n't recognize the lugansk people 's republic . 
  that means that if this report is true , russia is knowingly and officially invading what they consider to be ukraine . 
  you sound like a dick and a troll , so this will be my only response to you . 
   hahahahaha really ? 
  name 10 european countries that have had less than 230 years of continuous government . 
  also , how hard would it be to have 10000 years of continuous government if you 're isolated between only two countries ? 
  i do n't really see how that is impressive at all . 
  portugal , spain france , italy , germany , luxembourg , belgium , netherlands , ireland , poland , czech republic , slovakia , austria , hungary , slovenia , croatia , cyprus , greece , estonia , latvia , lithuania , russia , ukraine , belarus , moldova , romania , bulgaria , albania . 
  probably others but this is off the top of my head . 
  napoleon , wwi , wwii , and the cold war did a number on a lot of countries . 
  maybe the reason you 're surprised at my claim is that you 're misunderstanding my use of the word `` continuous , '' which is to mean `` without a revolution or other change in the core government structure . '', 
   yes they have . 
  china owns you . 
  the american empire has already fallen , the sooner you realize it - the better . 
  they really do n't . 
  they have half the gdp we do , nowhere near our level of development , and nowhere near our level of global military and economic reach . 
  like i said , they may very well surpass us , but simply have not done so yet . 
   europe is a continent . 
  not a country . 
  just like africa is a continent , and not - contrary to common american belief - a country . 
  how hard can it be to understand ? 
  yes , i know this , just like everyone else on this forum dedicated to discussing europe . 
  i was using the term `` europe '' informally to mean the eu and a potential federalized version of the eu in the future . 
  sure , but `` unity '' and `` friendship '' do not necessarily imply immigration , political or economic collaboration , or imperial domination . 
  you can have total peace and independence and still encourage unity and friendship . 
  the thing that gets me about this thread is that people are just saying `` fuck your friendship '' to the op . 
  i completely understand not wanting russian domination or actual political unification of the slavs , but the reactions here go way beyond that . 
  i do n't support the majority of u.s. foreign policy , and i am not a representative of my country 's politics . 
  i , as a normal citizen of the united states and a fellow human being , want furthered friendship and unity for everyone in the world . 
  culturally it 's greek ( at least the southern half ) , and it 's an island in the mediterranean , so it 's more geographically ambiguous than , say , syria or lebanon . 
  also kosovo , depending on if you recognize it . 
  s/he is not calling for literal political unity , but for friendship and understanding . 
  we should always be encouraging friendship and unity among all peoples on earth . 
  jesus christ this thread is negative . 
  there 's no need to attack op here . 
  s/he does not represent the russian government or past russian imperialistic tendencies . 
  it 's a nice post encouraging peace and unity . 
  why ca n't you all see it for that ? 
  russia has done a lot of disservice to peace and unity in the last few months , but reactions like those in this thread do nothing except exacerbate the problem . 
  there 's no need to be so hostile . 
  russia has prevented this unity in the past as you say , but the op does not necessarily represent that imperialist viewpoint . 
  in fact , his/her post is very positive and encouraging peace among the slavs , europeans , and all citizens of the world . 
  seriously , saying `` shove that unity up your ass '' to somebody posting a harmless and positive message is just fanning flames . 
  230 years is pretty impressive for a continuous government . 
  europe has been around longer , but almost every european country has undergone many revolutions , dissolution parent empires , or outright conquests . 
  there are only a few european countries that can claim many centuries of continuous government . 
  the u.s. had the civil war , but even then the central government never fell ; it was just a case of temporary secession from the united states . 
  if the u.s. is n't the most powerful country in the world right now , what is ? 
  china may overtake us in the coming century , but they have n't yet . 
  europe could conceivably do so if it federalized and significantly beefed up its military , but it has n't . 
  russia is nowhere near its status during the soviet union , and will not rival the united states again for the foreseeable future . 
  i 'd be wary of doing that . 
  it seems like that could create divisions instead of unity . 
  would n't it be better to encourage overall european identity and cooperation while also allowing for individual national identity ? 
  i 'm american , so i 'm biased , but honestly the u.s. is a pretty awesome example of federalization . 
  it 's lasted 230 years and somehow managed to craft a strong american identity despite immigration from all different places . 
  the u.s. is also the wealthiest and most powerful country in the world . 
  i would guess ( this is speculation ) that had the u.s. never federalized , it would n't be anything close to what it is today . 
  that said , there are some serious problems with the u.s. , especially in politics , so definitely do n't follow us in those areas . 
  but you can have federalization without a ridiculous two-party system , religious fanaticism , and a severe hatred for the bogeyman known as `` socialism . '', 
  just stay reasonable . 
  why are you being so antagonistic in this thread ? 
  other people are trying to engage you in civil discussion and you 're responding with dismissal and insults . 
  i know what fascist means , and it 's pretty fascist to suggest that states should be absorbed into others regardless of the will of the people . 
  you 're literally saying that the will of the people is irrelevant in their political future . 
  that is tyranny , not conspiracy . 
  you seriously come across as a fascist in this thread , and i do not use that word lightly . 
  you 're consistently dismissing the will of the british people , and even the very sovereignty of the british state , because you perceive the best option to be with a united europe . 
   no , this is stupid .
