  ( i know there are small exceptions or grey areas , like the uk conquering iceland in wwii , but those are minor and/or still connected to an overall defensive war ) . 
  the uk has conquered * a lot * of territory . 
  more than any other empire in history . 
  but all of its holdings , with the exceptions of ireland , gibraltar , malta , and cyprus , have been outside europe . 
  so historically , europe does n't have much to fear from the uk in terms of war and territorial integrity . 
  i spent about 16 hours in one sitting writing a final paper for a class last year . 
  it turned out pretty well but my brain was fried by the end of that . 
  in economical terms , it would be wasted . 
  i 'm sorry that this is happening to your country , but pouring money into greece is like pouring it into a black hole . 
  that 's the current distribution of dialects in croatia/bosnia herzegovina ? 
  good god what mess . 
  if greece wants to default , leave the euro , and not submit to austerity measures , great !, 
  i actually think that 's the best route for them at this point . 
  but if it wants to stay in the euro , it ca n't just keep getting more and more money without paying it back , and without massive economic reform . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  greece printing its own currency would allow it to control interest rates , and the devaluation would promote exports . 
  having control over your own monetary policy is advantageous . 
  you should probably hurry up and reunify before things get even worse . 
  which one is voiced and which is unvoiced ? 
  do you prefer when people make an attempt , however small ? 
  anywhere i went in europe i tried to at least say things like `` hello , please , and thank you '' in the language of wherever i was . 
  is that appreciated or is it unnecessary ? 
  that 's actually really surprising and interesting . 
  i would have thought turkey or greece would be the obvious answer . 
  it 's also nearly identical to the russian form ( \u0427\u0435\u0445\u0438\u044f ) . 
  i actually like the name czechia . 
  it 's easier than saying `` czech republic '' or `` czech lands '' all the time . 
  why not say those positive things here ? 
  it 'll make this thread more balanced and may open some people 's eyes . 
  it was a weird comparison anyway , considering iceland is n't part of the eu . 
  / r/nocontext, 
  you know what 's more racist ? 
  committing genocide . 
  really fun city . 
  i also visited a nearly one-thousand year old monastery in western hungary . 
  overall it was a wonderful trip . 
  oh i agree , i 'm just glad that we did something right for once and the people appreciate us . 
  i 'm not defending american action in general . 
  it seriously does . 
  i 'm not even close to being a patriot , but i 'm glad that there are at least some countries in the world where we 're appreciated . 
  me too . 
  lenin seemed to realize that nep was the best way to go . 
  when he was nearing death , he was asked how long nep should continue , and all he said was `` for a long time . '', 
  they had just gone through a horrible civil war , and nep turned out to be a way to peacefully transition into a stable state , without having to totally subjugate the peasantry . 
  nep was basically state socialism with very limited capitalism , which i personally think is the best way to go . 
  yep , and nep was way better . 
  i was just providing an example of when state planned economies were successful . 
  robert conquest has a great quote about this : `` stalinism is one way of industrialization , just as cannibalism is one way of attaining a high protein diet . '', 
  the 1930s ussr actually did a phenominal job of quickly industrializing the country while the capitalist world was in a depression . 
  they did this at enormous human cost , of course , but it was economically successful . 
  volvodealership, 
  as bad as he is , everything would immediately get worse and more chaotic if he dies, 
  just sayin ' , fam, 
  also committed the herero genocide in southwest africa in the early 20th century . 
  first overseas colonial empire , which is definitely impressive , but goddamn did they fall hard, 
  http://ukdataexplorer.com/european-translator/?word=sister portuguese and spanish are quite different , yes , but most of the germanic and slavic languages are very similar , and to a lesser extent the other romance languages are too . 
  thankfully the word for `` sister '' is pretty similar in most indo-european languages . 
  it 's close to the same in russian too . 
  time for portuguese empire 2.0, 
  it could actually get really bad in switzerland * because * it 's so contained . 
  everyone who dies , of any cause , becomes a zombie , so a death in a bunker would be a disaster . 
  it 's like the episode in the prison where that one kid dies of a flu-like disease and starts a small outbreak . 
  i took a course on nationalism in germany , and this was one of the major themes . 
  immigrants and their descendants ca n't truly identify as either turks or germans . 
  neither society fully accepts them . 
  however , the message i left with was basically , `` well , clearly this does n't work then . 
  why continue immigration ? 
  it does n't help the germans , and it does n't help the turks ( or any other immigrant group ) . '', 
  i think the point of the class was to say that germans should have done more to integrate the turks , but the conclusion i came to was to just stop immigration . 
  i agree that western society still has a long way to go to reach gender equality , but in general , it is far ahead of middle eastern societies . 
  at least in the west we are taught from an early age that women are equal , and women have the right to speak out , and the culture in general supports all this . 
  there is work to do , but it is so much better than the middle east . 
  so , my point with my original comment is that there will be greater problems with women 's rights and safety with greater numbers of middle eastern immigrant men . 
  part of the problem with immigration in this case is that these male immigrants have been raised in a culture without respect for women or equality . 
  successfully teaching the ideals of feminism does n't happen overnight , it happens over a lifetime of living in a culture that accepts it . 
  this is even difficult for 1st or 2nd generation germans , since many have tended to live in their own immigrant groups without true integration . 
  obviously we need to teach men ( and women ) the value of women 's rights , respect , and equality , but we ca n't pretend that immigration from cultures that do not share these ideals does n't worsen the problem . 
  this is a relevant question , but even if it is 1st generation germans , that does n't necessarily make it better . 
  it just means the children of refugees/immigrants may cause these problems in 20 years . 
  professor , why did estonia into nordic in 2019 ? 
  well you see , finland needed alcohol . 
  `` yes , mr. bih , i noticed you have a gap in employment on your resume during the 1990s . 
  care to expand on what you were up to then ? '', 
  that equals 82 %, 
  does ireland need to exist ? 
  would n't the world be better if it just did n't exist ? 
  [ it happens in the republic of aquafresh too ] ( http://uk.gsk.com/media/378876/aquafresh.png?height=0&amp;width=2068&amp;quality=40&amp;mode=crop ), 
  this is just one example , but i 'm teaching english in russia right now , and my director mentioned that the ussr `` fought against fascist finland '' during wwii . 
  finland was n't fascist ; they were a democracy . 
  they were allied with germany as a matter of necessity because the soviet union was invading . 
  so , from that one example , it seems the prevailing idea is that finland was fascist , and therefore the winter war and continuation war were justified as a matter of crushing fascism in europe . 
  i think he 's saying that the british like to imagine themselves as an island in the middle of the atlantic , without strong historical , cultural , and economic ties to europe . 
  that they 've always been separate from continental europe in those terms . 
  i would love a british empire reunion . 
  let 's do it !, 
  haha that would be pretty cool !, 
  if you end up doing that research , send me a copy of the finished product ; that topic sounds super interesting !, 
  i do n't think so . 
  my university 's history department and honors department have copies , but i do n't think they 're online . 
  but i could probably upload it and send you a pm with the link !,
