when a british guy refers to british empire as `` we '' no one bats an eye . 
  when a french guy refers to french empire as `` we '' no one bats an eye . 
  when a spanish guy refers to spanish empire as `` we '' no one bats an eye . 
  why do you care when we do it ? 
  fair enough . 
  exactly this . 
  i do n't want it to rise again but i ca n't help but be proud of it . 
  not at all . 
  remove sobieski from premises, 
  careful now . 
  1915 symbolizes more than one thing :d, 
  fuck them , should be jailed for life . 
  how can i forget ? 
  happiest year of my life . 
  ye , that 's why czechia military should enter syria at once . 
  not that much , but yeah we use a lot of tea . 
  a typical turkish tea cup is about 100ml and most turks drink dark tea ( tea with too much tea leaves in it ), 
  [ fuck you britain tea is our thing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_tea_consumption_per_capita ), 
  we call it \u00e7ay as well . 
  i do n't know about the subject very well but is n't it only 6 million jews and also 5 million others ? 
  i 'm not even muslim . 
  and your bantz are extremely weak . 
  no u, 
  we have 3 million of these syrians you dimwit . 
  we simply can not handle that, 
  hope we do n't . 
  go fuck yourself we say . 
  was nearly mugged by one of them , that 's about it with my direct interactions with ond of them . 
  thing is , they camp out in the cities like those in europe , government pays their expenses , some living in cities do n't try to work or even learn turkish , there are shit ton of syrian beggars , they murdered some people since they came , they 're too islamists for my tastes , some were allowed to vote which means more votes for akp and etc. 
  my government meddles in their war ( not even the most major cause , islam 's radical nature , usa , uk , political instability all caused thr war more than us ) so the people must suffer the refugees eh ? 
  that 's not a valid reason at all . 
  my country took in more than 3 million refugees and i do n't want them here . 
  i do n't care about their war , they cause trouble in cities and government pay their expenses . 
  them escaping from war does not mean i should support their escape and taking them in . 
  where do you live if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  that is no reason to support taking them in . 
  do tell . 
  there is literally no reason to support refugees and immigrants, 
  as much as elizabeth ii is . 
  so . . never . 
  visit ? 
  definitely vienna . 
  remove sobieski from premises, 
  yeah , baltics , ukraine , czech republic etc. 
  hates russia more than turkey . 
  ca n't say that applies for all europe . 
  i heard saying kurwa was like saying cunt in us . 
  not taken lightly . 
  maybe . 
  poland and most of the balkans hate muslims more i 'd wager . 
  well not hate in poland 's case but i heard they feared muslim immigrants more than any other country . 
  read what i wrote to / u/fnzombie . 
  not what i meant . 
  us joining eu means even more muslims can go to europe , where in russia 's case it 's christians who will . 
  they would prefer that obviously . 
  also eu is unofficially a christian club . 
  i personally do n't want them , they can go to europe and fuck shit up there for all i care . 
  you do n't have right to do shit . 
  you elect your government to do that . 
  well , they 're christian , so that 's a big plus . 
  though they have more citizens than turkey , which would mean they would have the most influence in eu as germany has now . 
  erdogan is mini-putin so they 're same in government . 
  chances of both countries are similar tbh, 
  hehe , our agents had started to gain austrians ' support . 
  vienna will be ours in no time . 
  as impossible as turkey joining . 
  it does actually . 
  isis i mean . 
  only real answer . 
  though if you meant non-humans my vote goes to erdogan . 
  why ? 
  wow , how relevant to the discussion . 
  ok . you do n't cry when they keep dying en masse like the dogs they are . 
  yeah . 
  you try to paint them in a positive light , which is why i said it . 
  what centers of culture did ottomans destroy ? 
  this is why majority of kurds are traitors and should be put to jail . 
  pkk killed more than 60 this year alone . 
  abolishing of the sultanate in my opinion . 
  aye , i agree about 1683 . 
  poland is perhaps the only reason we never took vienna . 
  why do you guys not get this shit ? 
  ottomans never really actively tried to convert their subjects , sure they built mosques and shit but never forcefully converted . 
  the only reason some bosniaks and albanians converted is because of religious tax . 
  if the greatest achivement in your history is paying religious taxes and not converting , well , that 's not exactly a proud history . 
  it is 1453 for me , final removal of gyro :\\ ^ ), 
  not really . 
  it is god is the greatest . 
  he is / u/kurdishnationalist himself . 
  he 's kurdish . 
  guys guys guys , please listen to me . 
  this guy is / u/kurdishnationalist . 
  he 's the symbol of turkophobia in reddit pretty much . 
  look at his post history . 
  he probably never been to turkey , and just saying this to make people hate turkey too . 
  do not listen to this bastard . 
  edit : oops he deleted his account , sorry . 
  kek , we 're the 6th most visited country in the world . 
  it is not a problem , but it is less tolerated here . 
  do n't fight a fight you wo n't win lad .
