yes . 
  on campus shooting . 
  some studemt shot and killed a police officer . 
  the college had under gone a shooting previously thus put the campus on lockdown . 
  had shootimg drills at both my high school ( private , religouus ) and college ( public ) . 
  it was and still is surreal to me . 
  sadly , its the only drill i actually had to put to use in real life . 
  i hope for your sake its doesnt . 
  vocal fry is probably what you 're referring too . 
  its been shown that it is an increasing trend among * both * sexes this not unique to just women . 
  upward inflection !, 
  god i fucking that fucking trend . 
  well if your talking about a state of intoxication ... . maybe ? 
  god damn . 
  even on the internet , us americans are loud . 
  thanks for your answer . 
  thanks for the source . 
  what actions in africa ? 
  im a little confused by that . 
  could you expand on that point ? 
  are you referring to libya ? 
  i identify myself first as a virginian , and then am american . 
  mainly lurk with an occasional post or comment . 
  that answers my question . 
  thanks . 
  interesting . 
  thanks for answering . 
  for germany , why do religous people pay extra taxes ? 
  is it an extra tax ? 
  is it because the church is run by the state ? 
  is this common in other countries ? 
  thanks . 
  that answers my question . 
  does your traveling via car get expensive ? 
  on a daily basis , how far do you go ? 
  where in italy ? 
  sounds fun !, 
  what is your thesis topic ? 
  cool !, 
  hope all goes well for you . 
  any places you want to visit specifically ? 
  thats awesome !!!, 
  two questions . 
  1 ) what do you teach ? 
  2 ) have you been to japan before ? 
  are you excited ? 
  where in greece ? 
  yah ... i know its early but im getting burned out by work and looking forward to my vacation . 
  what are you planning on doing in barcelona ? 
  ceausescu was what i was thinking too though im very ignorant of romanian history . 
  why would you say lohannis is romanians best past leader ? 
  then perhaps i was wrong in that regard . 
  thanks for the info . 
  geographically ? 
  probably maryland ( forgetting the fact the maryland borders the atlantic ) why maryland ? 
  because it is also a crossroad state like slovenia . 
  it 's southern border marks the crossing from the north to the south . 
  it 's western border ( which lies in the appalachian mountains ) marks the beginning of the great lake states and the rust belt . 
  also , maryland has a largely nominal catholic population and it 's ethnic make up is somewhat diverse like slovenia . 
  at times , maryland has had a strained but mainly friendly relationship with virginia . 
  at times , it was marked by border disputes ( kind of like slovenia and croatia ? ), 
  marylanders tend to be a bit more reserved compared to their southern neighbors ( like virginians ) . 
  there are a lot of differences too but maryland was the best one i could think of . 
  west virginia is a beautiful state i hope some czech redditors will take that as a compliment . 
  portions of north east would probably also fit the bill . 
  perhaps new hamshire or vermont ? 
  they do n't have any major cities that would compare to the cultural mecca that is prague tho : /, 
  yes . 
  overall , we are not different at all . 
  i 'll be the first to admit that i often neglect to remember this fact . 
  that 's pretty much how it works in the usa . 
  dating is much more organic than how it appears in pop culture , social media , and online dating . 
  i will admit asking and going out on dates with strangers appears to be pretty unique to the us . 
  i would be uncomfortable saying a majority do this for a lot of their dating life . 
  it seems to be phenomena for younger urban dwellers who buy into the idea of living life to it 's fullest . 
  yes please !!!, 
  like our cheese is better than european cheese ? 
  that 's some fun america propaganda i can get behind ^ ^, 
  which teams will you watch ? 
  what do you usually eat for lunch on easter ? 
  any special dishes ? 
  ouch !!!, 
  good luck with that !!, 
  how do they decorate their eggs ? 
  i did not know they decorated eggs !!!, 
  that 's awesome !!!, 
  how is the ham different ? 
  sounds delicious . 
  what kind of bread ? 
  would you say that easter is fairly important and celebrated in croatia ? 
  sidenote : is it fair to say croatia identifies strongly with catholicism ? 
  what are you studying ? 
  will it be a more formal / fancy meal with friends or family ? 
  or will it be just your average dinner ? 
  you will eat eggs ? 
  or do you mean you will do activities surrounding eggs ? 
  awesome !!!, 
  i did not know about aberri eguna . 
  can you give me a bit more info about that ? 
  it sounds really cool !,
