  i hesitate to even call it an `` understanding '' - of the topic . 
  you should do some research on this topic . 
  do n't just believe what people tell you . 
  you 'd be no better than the fundamentalists in that regard . 
  no , that 's against catholic religious law . 
  catholics believe the death penalty has generally outlived its necessity and thus should be abolished . 
  definitely not for crimes like apostasy or blasphemy . 
  nice try though . 
   if any kind of christian would want be true to their faith , they should start stoning gays ( i see you 're a lol player , so you 'd be in the crosshair too  and avoid wearing clothes of two different fabrics . 
  except this is old jewish law . 
  it 's not a part of pretty much all modern christian sects . 
  really , how can you criticize something when you do n't actually know much about it . 
   the truth is , both religions are bullshit , both `` holy '' books are full of both hatred and love , all of that intertwines and contradicts itself into almost incomprehensible babble . 
  maybe if you 're too uneducated in critique to understand it . 
  millions of other people interpret it just fine . 
  or are you one of those people who thinks you 've been enlightened to a higher plane of intelligence , and your inability to understand is somehow a sign of your greater ability to understand ? 
   the jihadists that cause terrorist attacks are n't really doing it out of religion , it 's only their excuse . 
  they 're definitely fanatics , dude . 
  it 's not an excuse , and anyone who studies these organizations knows they 're not in it for the money or whatever the `` real reason '' would supposedly be . 
   it 's the same destructive idea . 
  the difference lies only in circumstances and quantity . 
  and pretty much everything else other than `` they 're too religious '' . 
  where are the catholics campaigning for mass murder of unbelievers ? 
  honor killings ? 
  ending democracy ? 
  the destruction of entire nations ? 
  you ca n't really compare the ideology because it 's so completely different . 
  not all religious fundamentalists are equally bad , sorry . 
   i hate to break this to you but value is n't all subjective . 
  not everything is relative . 
  of course it is . 
  do you philosophize bro ? 
  some philosophers would go so far as to say reality itself is subjective . 
  oftentimes what we believe to have `` objective '' value is based around our subtle , hardly acknowledged , bias that have become baked into our mind . 
   if we get together and build a temple to the spaghetti monster , that is a waste regardless if it gives us the warm feelies inside . 
  it 's certainly not a waste to the people who use it , regardless of whether their feelings can be crudely reduced to `` warm feelies '' or not ( and if you 're looking to be reasonable , it ca n't ) . 
   there is literally the same amount of evidence for the spaghetti monster and yahweh ( tips fedora , yes ) . 
  that is a fact . 
  this is n't remotely true , but keep believing that , if it floats your boat . 
  i love it when people say `` that is a fact '' about things that are n't facts . 
  really reveals how their arrogance has blinded them to the actual truth . 
   i can give you another example of another group of crazy people , the k foundation burning a million pounds . 
  a million pounds has a lot of value despite k 's artistic feelings about the whole thing . 
  except for the fact that that money is now gone . 
  it 's just destroyed . 
  when you invest money into creating anything , even when other people might not agree on its value , you 're putting money back into the economy . 
  do you economize bro ? 
  in any case , building a church has a lot more value to a lot more people than just burning money . 
   for me , harry potter is more real than god . 
  ** for you ** . 
  i find it remarkable how so many atheists are unable to accept the potential legitimacy of any worldview they criticize . 
  it 's no better than the fundamentalists . 
   i believe in him and i think the bad weather outside is because dementors are coming . 
  most religious people do n't think anything like this . 
  it honestly seems everything you say is based in blind hatred , rather than facts . 
   then why am i not considering myself as stupid as religious people ? 
  because i know when to stop with my beliefs , and i know that they might not mean much to most of the people i interact with and i am totally fine with that !, 
  you 're too arrogant to accept the fact your postings to defend your hateful , bigoted , twisted beliefs , are far more than most religious people do . 
  face it , your 're a bigot spewing bile and hatred out of your mouth . 
  nothing you say has been backed up by anything remotely close to reason or rationality , as you claim , just emotions of hatred and anger . 
  i hope you get better . 
  it 's unhealthy for people to stew in their own bigotry . 
  trust me , i know , i used to do it . 
  i suggest you go out and befriend some religious people . 
  maybe if you can hold yourself back from ridiculing them out of prejudice , you 'll find your prejudice is little justified . 
  you 'd probably feel a lot better too . 
  fascinating community tradition !, 
  of course it 's normal intelligence . 
  if you believe the bones are sacred , of course you 'll wish to honor them . 
  unfortunately , some small minded people wo n't be able to accept that such an action merely stems from a difference of opinion . 
  some small minded people are to proud and self-centered to ever think anybody could think differently from them and have their thoughts be legitimate . 
   am atheist . 
  it 's obviously both indoctrination and he 's use of it is perfectly correct . 
  no , it 's really not . 
  no matter how much you want reality to fit your ideology , reality is pretty resistant . 
   in addition an important difference is you can explain , argue and persuade adults logically why behaving morally is beneficial , not the same with religion which has to be indoctrinated from young age . 
  which is why nobody ever converts to a reli - * oh wait * . 
   i hate to break it to you ; but the catholic church is hoarding wealth like crazy . 
  i hate to break it to you , but this is an anti-catholic myth . 
  the catholic church is not hoarding wealth . 
  i understand the argument : because the catholic church has acquired some cool stuff and built some cool stuff - as you 'd expect from an organization that 's two thousand years old - it must be hoarding wealth like a dragon . 
  but that 's simply not true . 
  the holy see posted a $ 25 million deficit in 2014 . 
  the vatican bank has 8 billion in assets - most modern states have trillions in the central bank . 
  the church 's finances are fairly decentralized based on parish and then bishopric , not concentrated in the vatican - not hoarded . 
  furthermore , it 's not like the church is actually sitting on huge stashes of money - most of the church 's supposed `` wealth '' is tied up in non-liquid assets like art , land , and buildings . 
  those cathedrals are n't cheap . 
   owns shares in everything from oil companies , to pharmaceutical and weapons manufacturers ? 
  uh , source needed for this . 
  i 'm aware the catholic church has investments - what 's wrong with that ? 
  nothing , unless you can prove the ivestments are largely sinister . 
   the charity that it does is pitiful in comparison to the wealth it generates and just sits on ; again , this is simply false and utterly baseless . 
  the actual amount the church as a whole spends on charity is impossible to calculate because of how decentralized it is , but it is known , for example , that the church is the largest non-governmental provider of healthcare in the world . 
  i ca n't speak for every country , but here in the states several of the largest charity organizations are tied to the church . 
  all of this largely excludes projects by individual parishes . 
   and much of it is generated in an unscrupulous manner . 
  false . 
  most church revenue comes from the tithe . 
   and that 's not even considering the fact that a lot of that charity comes with caveats . 
  any good charity does .
