so is this a good or a bad thing ? 
  looking at these images - it makes me sad , in the same way looking at many historical photo sets does . 
  the first reason , obviously , is seeing how hard life was for these people . 
  seeing the hardship in their faces , it touches the soul , does n't it ? 
  war , poverty , the constant struggle for subsistence . 
  and yet , the other reason , is that despite the obvious hardships , i look at this get a feeling of loss . 
  despite the hardship , it feels as though some elusive yet desirable aspect has been lost to time . 
  the simplicity , the countryside , the sense of culture and history - it 's lost to modernity . 
  no doubt people today live much easier lives , but some of the identity is gone . 
  i speak in general terms , because this is a since i get looking at many old photographs from many countries , including my own . 
  thank you for posting this , op . 
  i 'm too young to get sentimental like this , but this is truly a stunning set of photos . 
  i 'm just saying that most non-extreme , educated people , on both the right and the left , support this . 
  a lot of people , however , recognize the necessity but wish european governments would have a bit more personal responsibility so we did n't have to do this . 
  at least they do n't have the run of the place anymore . 
  trust me , americans are frustrated by it too . 
  politically aware people support this move but are frustrated by the fact that the european continent seems lukewarm about its own defense . 
  the sentiment , fair or unfair , is that most european countries ( with a few exceptions , like poland ) have outsourced their national defense to the u.s. so they can spend more money on social programs instead . 
  i get so pissed whenever i see afghanistan on these lists . 
  do you have any idea how bad the taliban were ? 
  btw . 
  tha taliban have been responsible for the overwhelming majority of civilian casualties in that war . 
  but who cares , right ? 
  they 'd be better off if they were still a theocratic hell hole . 
  why would you place restrictions on [ iowa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iowa ) ? 
  what did they ever do to anyone besides grow them corn ? 
  i know a lot of people , myself included , who would n't consider social progressivism an important part of a free and fair democracy . 
  i 'm not polish so i 'll avoid speculating on the supposed `` authoritarianism '' other than that i 've heard a lot of poles tell me it 's a load of alarmist hoopla . 
  you obviously disagree , but i 've heard many different opinions . 
  peace out bro . 
  i think you have a different definition of freedom from most people . 
  this treaty was supposed to be part of the process of developing the country . 
  you ca n't blame someone for not doing something if you take away the tools . 
  ukraine is n't run by nazis , that 's nonsense . 
  you can talk about all of that other stuff , but saying the ukrainian government is neo-nazi or even just far-right is a huge lie . 
  surely you could have found a better way to give the eu the finger than screwing over a country that is n't even part of the eu ? 
  the eu agreement was supposed to be part of that . 
  this is like telling a cripple they need to start walking again , then refusing to give them a cane . 
  i made a humorous comment about fried chicken and your response has completely ridiculous and rude . 
  what 's the point ? 
  surely you 've got better things to do today than act stuck up over fucking fried chicken ? 
  i know i do . 
  i think we 're done here . 
  so is my opinion . 
  so are many other opinions . 
  you 've got a lot of nerve to claim that you objectively know best . 
  take a damn joke , mate . 
  that 's a nice opinion you have there . 
  i 'm glad you feel comfortable speaking for the rest of the world , and being a jerk about it too . 
  depends on who you ask . 
  the u.s. has done a lot of good too . 
  ahh , but we perfected it . 
   to the american people , the government represents this incomprehensible and distant separate entity from public life . 
  many americans do n't understand their institutions , and are n't aware of how they 're done in practice . 
  really ? 
  i certainly do n't feel that that 's the case . 
  how do you know how the american people feel ? 
  i mean sure , most americans wo n't understand the fine details of how the entire system works , but i do n't think that 's so different from most other countries . 
  fortunately , the us political system is n't that complicated , and i think most americans could tell you about the basics . 
  if anything , many americans feel the government is too involved and too close , and would prefer if the government kept its distance more . 
  i do n't think it 's necessarily a bad thing to put some distance between the popular vote and making all the decisions , but that 's besides the point . 
  as for the federal government being `` obscure '' , i 'm not completely sure what you mean by that . 
  how is the american political system so aristocratic compared to say , the french system ? 
  you guys still have an indirectly elected senate , for example . 
  if anything government is closer in the states than in france . 
  hoping for another country to fall into chaos ? 
  that 's pretty low . 
  no , then we 'd still have to deal with people like boris johnson or jeremy corbyn . 
  if i have to have thick headed politicians , i at least want some coca cola and fried chicken to go with it . 
  what are the elections looking like ? 
  obviously a lot can change in seven months , but is hollande and/or his party particularly popular right now ? 
   citation needed . 
  i 'm not saying those are n't somewhat important , i am saying that you are downplaying other very important factors . 
  you 're the one who made the claims first , now you ask me for a citation ? 
  i 'd like the citation for the war being over farmland when russia has secured approximately none of it . 
  or gas lines . 
  how does destabalizing eastern europe help russia send gas through ? 
  is n't that contradictory ? 
   the only one close minded here is you , unable to see the financial systems that are in actual control of most nation states . 
  oh , please . 
  materialism is stale and old . 
  i 'm not saying economic factors are n't part of it , just that they are n't always the key issue - something the materialists ca n't seem to accept . 
  i 'm being the exact opposite of close minded . 
  you 're the one who thinks everything has to be about money . 
  do you realize how juvenile of an idea that is ? 
  and yeah , thanks for telling me i 'm `` unable to see it '' , as if you 're some glorious enlightened free thinker and i 'm the idiotic capitalist sheep . 
  language reveals ego . 
   if that was the only aid sent , that would be true . 
  however you missed the billions of dollars , ammunition , and supplies . 
  uggghhhhhh . 
  billions of dollars - loans are a pretty indirect form of aid and are n't mainly there to help ukraine fight a war but to stabilize it 's ruined economy . 
  ammunition - i 'll need an actual source on that . 
  and `` supplies '' is stuff like winter clothes - nice , but what the ukrainian armed forces begged for is anti-tank weapons and they did n't get any . 
  there 's been no great help if you 're not even addressing the main concern . 
   ... and ? 
  they have to , their proxy is much weaker . 
  except the ukrainian army is n't a proxy force for the west . 
  i know you really want it to be , but getting a few trucks and some coats does n't make you a proxy force . 
  ukraine has recieves nothing to actually help it fight directly against the scum on its eastern border . 
  oh , trust me , this is n't me denying something because i do n't want it to be true .
