  this word alone holds russia together . 
  that 81 % number are people who identify as ethnic russians . 
  sorry , you 're just wrong on this count . 
   during first years of presidency , putin has been called a democrat who may even join nato . 
  just keep that in mind when speaking of present tense . 
  that 's not evidence , though . 
  that 's fearmongering and speculation . 
  right , so a few things : - not `` organic '' ? 
  the hell does that even mean ? 
  regional identity and seperatism can develop in decades , and that 's no less legitimate than those that develop in millennia . 
  you might forget that the u.s. had a seperatist civil war before her first century was up . 
  there 's still a strong sense of regional identity . 
  - seperatism is not actually * that * popular in most ethnically distinct areas of russia . 
  polling data on the matter is really poor in many areas but the seperatist wave of the 90 's is largely past . 
  most just wish russia 's federal system was more decentralized and allowed for more local autonomy . 
  also , russia is not as diverse as you think it is , it 's 81 % russian . 
   why do you think that russians say that liberal democracy nearly brought them end of russia ? 
  because they equivocate liberal democracy with the economic downturn of the 1990s , even tough the two do n't necessarily go hand in hand . 
   as for us and authoritarianism , are n't you just steps from electing donald trump ? 
  trump 's an ass , but he 's hardly comparable to authoritarianism in russia . 
  what 's the popular opinion on the issue in gibraltar ? 
  the us is large and diverse too . 
  there is nothing inherent in russia that makes it so it will always be an authoritarian state . 
  i think that 's prejudiced tbh . 
  far more important is the `` stickiness '' of institutions . 
  basically , if a quality is around for long enough , it becomes an `` informal institution '' , and is thus incredibly difficult to dislodge . 
  russia has been authoritarian for so long - since before the modern era , in fact - that it 's hard for it to abandon that institution . 
  it 's the same reason why countries that have historically had corruption problems have an incredibly hard time weeding it out , or why countries with a history of ethnic violence seem to keep having it . 
  basically , try turning the us into an authoritarian communist state in twenty five years . 
  that 's easier to do than turning russia into a liberal democracy or a social democracy , and it 's incredibly difficult to do . 
  well of course . 
  but you also must see the other side of the argument : is it wise to cry for a crushed ant when the neighbor is murdering someone ? 
  i 'd argue not . 
  we always have to consider if our reaction is proportionate to the level of supposed injustice . 
  well , i think everyone can be the judge . 
  it 's an open discussion . 
  it 's not that i think it 's not worth getting into . 
  i think the reaction to this is very disproportionate , given that many worse things occur every day and , as i said before , pass in the night with barely a peep from anyone . 
   if tomorrow there was a law specifically curtailing the rights of black people , i would n't be affected and the vast majority would n't be affected . 
  but it would still justify all kinds of `` hysteria '' . 
  depends on what ability is being curtailed , and whether that ability is actually a right or not . 
  we have laws for a reason , each and every single one of them is a restriction on your abilities . 
  many people feel that abortion is not a right . 
   no it 's not , i added the caveat the the data may have changed since 2008 , and there are reasons it could have gone up or down . 
  the nhs is also using the claim and i do n't believe they would do so if it was n't true . 
  oh , well the nhs could obviously never be wrong . 
   legal abortion is rare due to restrictions but that does n't mean this is n't inconveniencing people massively . 
  they are having illegal abortions , they are having children they do not want , it 's a massive issue . 
  then address these problems directly . 
  abortion is a brute force measure to solving these problems , there are better ways to address them with a more tactful hand . 
  i 'm sure if i suggested banning abortion to fix population problems you 'd say i was crazy . 
  it 's just in the mirror here . 
  eaccept chemotherapy does n't raise serious questions about life , death , and murder . 
  nobody would argue that chemotherapy is immoral . 
  even a lot of pro-abortion people reluctantlu recognize the moral questions it poses . 
   so it 's okay to murder criminals ? 
  you said yes . 
  in self defense , yes . 
  i oppose the death penalty - it 's cruel and inhumane . 
   so what happens when women who have no access to legal abortion get desperate ? 
  there need to be more options for women so they do n't need to feel desperate . 
  i do n't support theft , but i support helping people so they do n't feel compelled to steal . 
  similar concept . 
  if we 're talking about the `` threat to the mother 's life '' , i do n't think abortion should be illegal in that case , though i can see both sides . 
   that 's not even getting into the point that a zygote is n't a human but that 's another issue . 
  do n't confuse your philosophical stance about a what a human being is with scientific fact . 
  what it means to be human is ultimately a philosophical question . 
   if it 's something that is minor to you , just shut up and let people for whom it is an important one voice their concerns . 
  nobody 's stopping them from voicing their concerns . 
  i merely question whether those concerns are justified or rooted in emotion . 
  pro-abortion people turn their noses up at anti-abortion protests just as often if not moreso . 
   and stop being so insufferably condescending and patronizing the anti-abortion side has had to put up with this attitude for decades . 
  you 'll forgive us if some of us have caught it . 
  http://www.politifact.com/texas/statements/2016/jan/19/wendy-davis/flawed-wendy-davis-claim-1-3-women-has-had-abortio/ it 's a pretty shaky claim . 
  regardless , we 're not discussing the u.s. here . 
  poland has much more restrictive abortion laws and thus abortion is much rarer . 
  most people do n't murder the born either , and most people are not murderers . 
  if murder is illegal , then only a very tiny portion of the population , those who may have an honest-to-god very good reason to kill , are being affected . 
  if murder is legal though , imagine how many innocents will die . 
  it 's a basic analogy , but i think you get the point . 
  the poem references the oppression of entire classes of people . 
  no such thing is happening here . 
  many would argue it 's liberation , not oppression , for a certain group of people . 
  friend , i am not saying anybody should n't have a say . 
  do n't try to misconstrue my argument ( though i know that is difficult for people so firmly convinced of their own moral and intellectual superiority ) . 
  i was merely pointing out how silly it seems that something that is a comparatively minor issue causes a massive meltdown . 
  people act like sharia-esque restrictions on women are coming . 
  it 's blown way out of proportion . 
  they 're perfectly right to express their opinions on abortion . 
  i would never dare claim otherwise . 
  this is a matter of discussion for all humanity . 
  i see where this analogy is going , though . 
  my insurance does n't raise difficult philosophical questions questions about life and death , though if it did , i 'm sure the internet would be filled with people turning it into a cartoonish black and white scenario . 
  in any case , i think the insistence that causing insurance problems for < 1 % of the population is somehow the worst injustice ever for the other  99 % is ridiculous and hard to take seriously . 
  or maybe people just have a difference in opinion . 
  what makes your opinion he right one ? 
  one gives you the pinnacle of knowledge and wisdom ? 
  on what grounds do you decide what is wrong and what is right ? 
   and `` accept it or not '' but pregnancy is always going to affect women more than men . 
  in fact , in cases of rape or sometimes even during a simple birth control failure , men get off pretty scot-free comparatively .
