  i know of it but do n't know the reasons why/what the motives are/how it came to be . 
  can anyone explain ? 
  it 's fine now , but at one point that comment was at -2 . 
  i do n't get it . 
   indian tradition . 
  since when was that the only thing responsible for charity . 
   here i agree but this is n't positive . 
  it 's just chance that humans decided to form a hierarchy of believing in god . 
  you may think that , but i 'm pretty glad we 're not still hunter gatherers . 
  many anthropologists believe religion contributed to the rise of organized civilizations . 
   ah , ye olde `` divine right '' . 
  mmmmmmm , positives ... 
  it 's really hard to take you seriously when you are incapable of seeing anything with any nuance at all . 
  seriously , do you think divine right was the only thing i was talking about . 
   that 's a big no . 
  that 's a big yes , if you 've studied your history instead of being blindly hateful . 
  people of the same religion tend to fight one another less . 
   something something your god is bad my god is better . 
  once again , you 're impossible to take seriously . 
   and that 's a big no too you really do n't know your history , do you ? 
  in any case , this is n't just history , my grandfather was treated at a catholic hospital . 
   which i already named . 
  education yes , but that excludes the invaluable contributions to science and philosophy . 
  please , i sugget you do some more research instead of being so blindly hateful . 
  no , he specifically said they should n't be there because it 's ( current year ) . 
  in addition to being a fallacy that 's also offensive to people who do n't consider religion a relic . 
  but he and i are cool now , so what 's the problem ? 
  charity . 
  the development of civilization ( partially ) and social institutions . 
  stability brought by shared ethics and values . 
  medical aid and healthcare . 
  scholarship and research . 
  all institutions have potential for good and evil . 
  blanketing a whole type of institution as good or evil is pretty damn silly and makes it sound like you 're just being jaded . 
  since when did i imply that religious people would be offended if the cross was n't there ? 
  i was referring to the specific claim that religious symbols were somehow ananchronistic as being offensive . 
  i strongly disagree . 
  i feel like organized religion is and has been a major force for good as well as evil . 
  to be fair , the whole point of the uprising was that the poles needed to liberate the city before the soviets arrived . 
  once they got to the point where they needed soviet army to help bail them out , the uprising had already failed in its purpose . 
  it 's cool bro . 
  edit : downvoted for literally just writing something nice . 
  wtf guys ? 
  warsaw could have been liberated had the soviets let us use their airfields to resupply the uprising in 1944 . 
  alas , it was not to be . 
  i can understand why you feel that way . 
  however , i think that if something is really so offended by a tiny cross , they have no business in military service anyway . 
  also , implying that religious symbols are somehow anachronistic in 2016 is kind of offensive to people who are n't as secular . 
   and which committed terrible massacres of polish civilians in ww2 . 
  is it really wise to build a new army on that kind of tradition ? 
  agreed . 
   i know it is nitpicking , but do you really want a religious symbol on a european military uniform designed in the 21st century ? 
  yes , definitely !, 
  christianity is a vital part of ukraine 's identity , people , and heritage . 
  kiev is where christianity first came to the rus , after all . 
  i 'm 99 % sure the author is using the wrong term here . 
   i 'd just like to add that is not a healthy thing if ukraine starts to glorify the reichskommissariat ukraine and the pro-german , pro-nazi ww2 fighters . 
  are those reichskommissariat troops ? 
  they do n't really have any identifying insignia i can see . 
  could be soviet partisans or the upa ( also nasty guys who commited terrible crimes , especially against the poles , but still not the nazis ) . 
  are they upa troops ? 
  i could n't see any identifying insignia . 
  i say they have n't , you say they have . 
  where 's the evidence ? 
   so was samora michel 's right ? 
  frelimo were no care bears , mate . 
   or how about the overthrow of mohammed mossaddegh in iran ? 
  of all the so called `` cia coups '' this is the one most people have massive misconceptions about . 
  mossadegh was an aspiring dictator himself , not a democratic paragon . 
  he was also very unpopular in iran at the time , and likely would have been voted out of power if he had n't started clamping down on the opposition . 
  regardless , his reputation has undergone severe rehabilitation since then . 
   or the muhjadeen in afghanistan ? 
  after the war the us supported the moderate provisional government . 
  the saudis and the pakistanis supported the taliban . 
  and the soviet government was authoritarian as well . 
  not to mention the disaster that a communist hegemony in south asia would have been . 
   they were done because the alternative was so bloody right ? 
  they were done because it was believed it was necessary to stop a soviet victory in the cold war , which we can all agree would have been the greatest tragedy in human history , a borderline apocalyptic occurance . 
   why are you being such a dick ? 
   lol thats a pretty weak argument . 
  i do n't support people who kill millions of people , only those who kill hundreds of thousands of people !, 
  you 're one to talk when it comes to sounding rude . 
  that said , i apologize . 
  i 've had a short temper recently due to problems in my personal life . 
  i 've always said that , after a certain point , la\u00efcit\u00e9 is incompatible with `` libert\u00e9 , \u00e9galit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 '' . 
  at some point , trying to keep religion out of the public sphere by legal means becomes contradictory to basic values of equity and religious liberty . 
  silly , i meant sorry , you 're wrong . 
  fascism is a specific ideology , not a generic term for right wing authoritarians . 
  argue honestly instead of using buzzwords , please . 
  wow , you 're the obnoxious type are n't you ? 
  fascism is a specific ideology , not a general term for authoritarian anti-leftism . 
  this a hard concept for you to grasp ? 
   i do n't support people who kill millions of people , only those who kill hundreds of thousands of people !, 
  you 're right , the u.s. supported right wing dictatorships over even worse communist ones . 
  what 's the point here ? 
  anti-leftists do n't associate stalin , mao etc. 
  with the ideas of the radical left - we associate him with their outputs . 
  right-wing dictatorship = / = fascism . 
  maybe it has something to do with the fact that stalin ( and the soviet union in general ) still have legions of apologists on the internet , thus making it more important to call them out ? 
  especially if they were do to gross negligence or the `` break a few eggs to make an omelet '' idea , which many of stalin and mao 's killings do .
