  you do n't want the money going someplace it wo n't be put to good use . 
   `` sure , we 'll fund your school ... if you let us teach mandatory bible classes '' . 
  i get it , you have an irrational hatred of religion and think people being taught religion is omg indoctrination !! 1 !, 
  ! 11 how does that turn a good work into an evil one ( as you believe teaching people religion is evil based on your own oh-so-superior moral code ) ? 
  you 're still providing a good education for those who would not recieve it otherwise . 
   but even if all of this was n't true ; your argument still would n't apply because it would still be objectively true that this structure is simply not necessary , and that its functions could be replicated in a vastly cheaper building that would then leave more money for charity have you taken all your nice clothes and sold them ? 
  did you get rid of your tv so you could spend the cable bill on charity instead ? 
  the cathedrals and art are good works . 
  objectively , they 're a contribution to humanity 's culture and history . 
  as catholics , we also believe they are wonderful dedications to god . 
  you clearly do n't think that 's moral , but to be honest , i do n't give a crap about someone else 's haughty sense of superior morals . 
  you are not the objective arbiter of morality . 
  your moral code is purely your own , and based off what you 've wrote , i do n't particularly care if i fall outside it . 
  i 'm sorry , but just about everything in your post is slander , distortion , and falsehood . 
  it seems you believe anything anti-catholic you hear without bothering to look into it . 
  regardless , i hope you are able to learn more about this topic , and change your views to something less hateful and more nuanced . 
  goodbye . 
   exactly . 
  atheism is the natural state of things and you have to indoctrinate children before they can be considered religious . 
  factually false . 
  no , this is not a matter of opinion , you 're just wrong . 
  atheism is the assertion that there is no god . 
  if you do n't know about religion , you ca n't possibly have an opinion . 
  to suggest otherwise is insane , incredibly faulty logic . 
  your stance simply does not have a single ounce of rational merit to it . 
  * sigh * . 
  do i have to explain this ? 
  if you 're never been introduced to the concept of religion , you ca n't possibly have an opinion on it . 
  animals , infants etc. 
  factually can not be atheists anymore than they can be devout muslims or socialists or fascists . 
  they literally do n't care . 
  three problems with your comment : 1 . 
  over-generalization based on a statistical trend . 
  causation fallacy . 
  if there is causation , most social scientists generally believe it 's the opposite of what you imply . 
   people of normal intelligence tend to leave their imaginary friends behind once they reach puberty . 
  religion is not simply `` having an imaginary friend '' , and if you honestly think that , you have a very shallow and prejudiced worldview . 
   indoctrination can however alter one 's perception of reality and make perfectly smart people act stupid . 
  oh anti-theists . 
  you keep using that word , indoctrination . 
  it does not mean what you think it means . 
  or to explain : people tend to keep the values they were raised with . 
  shocking , i know . 
  i ca n't believe parents indoctrinate their kids with irrational nonsense like `` stealing is bad '' or `` you should n't bully kids weaker than you '' . 
  face it - you think it 's indoctrination because you disagree with what 's being taught . 
  the same way a child can be atheist . 
  you know , i was kind of joking about the burj khalifa , but do you realize the colossal artistic effort that goes into sagrada familia ? 
  creating such a ( in my opinion ) masterpiece takes a lot of time , more so than simply building a skyscraper as tall as you possibly can . 
  it 's simple fact . 
  you have to sculpt , paint , and detail the entire thing . 
  that 's an enormous investment of time . 
  sagrada familia , imo , is most certainly not a curvy relic , it is one of the greatest works of architecture in human history . 
  gee , it 's not like you could build both . 
  oh wait yes it is . 
  if someone feels something has value , then it has value to them . 
  this may be hard for you to believe , but you ca n't objectively decide if something is a waste or not . 
   a universal art/history museum benefits all ... a shitty orthodox churchs benefits no one except orthodox leaders . 
  except everyone who uses the church or appreciates the art and architecture . 
   not to mention : these religions all claim to be about helping people , especially the poor . 
  tell me again how spend all that money on a pointless building helps people . 
  really , tell me . 
  you clearly do n't know very much about religion at all . 
  there is no religion centered around helping the poor . 
  the massive amounts of charity and other public services provided by religious organizations is a work of faith . 
  faith is the ultimate point of it all , not charity . 
   are you religious ? 
  maybe that 's why . 
  you 're not the objective , infallible arbiter of what has value to someone . 
  if people feel something has value , then it has value to them . 
  also this comment is pejorative on a juvenile level . 
   more importantly , if there is a god , i ca n't imagine he 'd be pleased with humans for pouring so many resources into a place to worship him when there 's still so many people in the world who ca n't even feed themselves . 
  you do realize that most churches pour an enormous amount of money into charitable endeavors ? 
  the catholic church in particular heavily finances healthcare , education , alms , etc. 
  even if that was n't true , your comment really broadly generalizes things and displays a clear lack of understanding of the theology behind the construction of basilicas . 
  no , a ridiculous majority of religious people have perfectly normal intelligence . 
  your personal prejudice and hatred is not a scientific fact . 
  in fact , it 's the exact opposite . 
  burj khalifa is a giant needle . 
  sagrada familia is a work of art . 
   because there are a lot of dumb people that believe in religion . 
  got ta love that prejudice and bigotry . 
  i think you 've got that backwards . 
   your civil war was based on socio-economical reasons kind of ? 
  one `` greviance '' the confederates had was they felt that southern culture was under attack . 
  of course , slavery was the central part of maintaining that culture . 
  regardless , the south most definitely had a distinct identity from the north . 
  so yes , socio-economic issues are present , as well as issues of regional identity - though the vast majority of both these types of issues can eventually be traced back to slavery . 
   such enviroment is in essence unrecreatible in us for the lack of national identity in first place . 
  there are seperatist movements in the us , though ( texas and alaska being the most famous ) . 
  many areas in the us have strong regional identities . 
  these identities are n't less legitimate because they are n't based on ethnicity . 
   we talked about this already . 
  its because there is strong centralized system in place . 
  any departure from that formula recreates these uprisings , insurgencies , feelings et cetera . 
  where 's the evidence for this though ? 
  you can say this but it does n't make it true . 
  the main greivance of most of the ethnic republics is that they are n't given enough say or self-government on issues like taxation and natural resources . 
  the centralization of a state that 's supposed to be a federation and the focus on `` russification '' is what causes alienation , not the other way around . 
   bytheway i am pretty sure you dont know differences between terms russkiye and rossiyane . 
  the latter is something like `` american '' , without definition of race , religion , culture and so on .
