  the u.s. sent a token mission to train ukrainian airmobile troops very late in the war , and provided some token non-lethal aid to the ukrainian army . 
  but never any support for azov . 
  the president refused to send lethal aid the ukrainian army with lethal weapons even after our congress passed a bill authorizing it . 
  so you really ca n't say it 's a proxy conflict , because the us/eu involvement has been skeletal at best . 
  correlation = / = causation, 
  i already get my fill looking at my friend 's facebook comments . 
  they 're all on the left , by the way . 
  and they 're so prejudiced too , right ? 
  the problem is ... this goes both ways . 
  i do n't care what side you 're on . 
  this `` the other side is blinded by the propaganda '' nonsense needs to stop . 
  people are n't less intelligent than you just because they have different beliefs . 
  my cousin lives there . 
  she does n't even know anyone who 's pro-leave . 
  so i guess that 's good news for leave . 
  listen , i know it might be easy for me to say this , being a foreigner and all , but no matter how the vote goes , it 's not the end of britain or europe or the world . 
  no matter how bad you think the results of `` the other side '' winning will be , all three have been through a lot worse and survived . 
  i guarantee it . 
  i mean , unless you think `` the other side '' winning will trigger a nuclear holocaust . 
  but that 's highly unlikely . 
  listen , as a yank i do n't really care what you decide . 
  but please none of this false choice silliness . 
  i 'm actually very thin . 
  loving fried foods does n't mean i consume them 24/7 . 
  * translation : stfu commie . 
  stop trying to control my life !!!, 
  real pleasant mate . 
  yeah , here in the states things mainly last long due to time zones . 
  individual states are usually decided within a few hours of polls closing . 
  as someone from the southern usa , this idea sends shivers down my spine . 
  yeah , i know . 
  countries with corruption problems ( like brazil ) really should n't even think about hosting the games . 
  i know , but my point still stands . 
  olympic games are financially risky , not automatic financial suicide . 
  sochi and rio had way too many corruption problems to have a hope of breaking even , unfortunately . 
  [ actually , in the last 10 games , 5 were financially successful ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cost_of_the_olympic_games ) . 
  a 50/50 chance of success/failure is pretty bad and the reason the games have the bad financial reputation they do , but you ca n't make failure out to be an absolute certainty without being disingenuous . 
   i read that london 's games were the only ones in decades to make profit and be well-run , generally ? 
  [ inaccurate ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cost_of_the_olympic_games ) . 
  there 's been almost as many `` successes '' as `` failures '' in recent times . 
   you ca n't win bids anymore with anything less than fancy planning and you ca n't make fancy plans without the olympics taking a lot out of your coffers . 
  this simply ai n't true though . 
  in the last 10 games , 4 have been financially successful ( vancouver , salt lake city , beijing , and atlanta ) and one ( london ) broke even . 
  that 's a 50 % success rate . 
  while that is n't great , hosting an olympic games is far from the inevitable financial sinkhole you make it out to be . 
  it 's a shame knee-jerk reactions to fukashima took over the better judgement of so many leaders . 
  dictionary definitions are not the best way of defining complex political science terms . 
  totalitarianism is the complete ( i.e. , total ) involvement of the state in every aspect of society and life . 
  they often have the explicit goal of completely reshaping society to fit some sort of ideal , which is why `` revolutionary '' ideologies like communism and fascism so often produce totalitarian regimes . 
  this does not accurately describe the papal states , which were no more nor less authoritarian and controlling than your average 18th century absolute monarchy . 
  totalitarian = / = authoritarian or dictatorship . 
  the left was doing very well election-wise across the entire west after the 2008 crash . 
  but they dropped the ball in too many times and found themselves on the unpopular side of too many debates . 
  now it 's coming back to bite them in the ass . 
  it may upset a lot of people , but that 's democracy in action . 
  i know . 
  i was n't trying to downplay your country 's struggles . 
  later in that same article :  aside from being anti-bolshevik and patriotic , the whites had no set ideology or main leader . 
  there were lots of different groups fighting the bolsheviks . 
  claiming they were all proto-fascists is pretty much verbaitim soviet propaganda . 
   consequently , the white movement had no set political leanings : members could be monarchists , republicans , [ 17 ] rightists , kadets , etc. 
  [ 18 ] among white army leaders , neither general lavr kornilov nor general anton denikin were monarchists , yet general pyotr nikolayevich wrangel was a monarchist willing to soldier for a republican russian government . 
  moreover , other political parties supported the anti-bolshevik white army , among them the socialist-revolutionary party , and others who opposed lenin 's bolshevik october revolution of 1917 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_movement i do n't know why you act like it 's such an unbelievable claim , it 's fairly common knowledge that the whites were a big tent . 
  no offense , but both of your assertions are false . 
  the republican government that preceded october revolution was dominated by socialists , not `` conservative in nature '' . 
  lenin also certainly opposed the independence of new countries , the bolsheviks invaded and annexed most of the newly declared republics during the war . 
  again , i 'm not sure that 's accurate . 
  at least some of the instability of the republic can be blamed on the soviets undermining it . 
  it 's kind of hard for a government to work when the it is constantly under attack . 
  the bolsheviks also were not the most supported party by the population ; they lost the elections and one of the reasons the civil war started was because the soviets dissolved the legislature . 
   despite its short reign of power and implementation shortcomings , the provisional government passed very progressive legislation . 
  the policies enacted by this moderate government ( by 1917 russian standards ) represented arguably the most liberal legislation in europe at the time . 
  the independence of church from state , the emphasis on rural self governance , and the affirmation of fundamental civil rights ( such as freedom of speech , press , and assembly ) that the tsarist government had periodically restricted shows the progressivism of the provisional government . 
  other policies included the abolition of capital punishment and economic redistribution in the countryside . 
  the provisional government also granted more freedoms to previously suppressed regions of the russian empire . 
  poland was granted independence and lithuania and ukraine became more autonomous https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_provisional_government it was very unstable , but it certainly was n't some hyper conservative government . 
  kerensky himself was a socialist . 
  one of the reasons they lost . 
  not that bolshevik oppresion was preferable . 
  this is where it 's important to differentiate between the two revolutions in 1917 . 
  the first overthrew the tsar and established a rather progressive republic , the second saw the bolsheviks overthrow the republic and led to the civil war . 
  that 's debatable . 
  most of the white army did not want to restore the russian empire as it was pre-1917 . 
  the white armies crossed the whole range of ideologies , some were liberal democrats , others absolutists , still others constitutional monarchists , and many were moderate socialists ( and after a certain point , even radical socialists rebelled , when it became clear the bolshevik party had no interest in sharing power with any other party ) . 
  or maybe you just took the utmost extreme faction of the whites and projected it onto all of them . 
  they were a diverse bunch . 
  most of them did n't want to restore the empire as it was pre-1914 . 
  you could always be absolved of the sin of abortion . 
  you can be absolved of any sin . 
  this is just a change in the process . 
  certain grievous sins ( such as abortion and other forms of murder ) incur * de facto * excommunication that you need a bishop to officially lift . 
  most bishops had already granted the authority to lift that excommunication to priests . 
  this just permanantly gives that authority to all priests . 
  it 's pretty frustrating when major news outlets ca n't even be bothered to do basic research to avoid spreading serious misconceptions . 
   do you know nato s 1st enlargement ( after cold war ) was in 1999 ? 
  obviously negotiations happened before that . 
  in 90s russia was no threat to hungary and czechia , also not to poland , but considering their russophobia i understand their motives . 
  you say `` russophobia '' like it 's not justified . 
  russia menaced these countries for centuries . 
  if you 've been chased by a bear for hours , and the bear is wounded , do you run for safety ( i.e.
