  i wish the ukrainians had serious support in their fight to defend their nation , and liberate donbass from the ultranationalist warlords who call themselves the dnr . 
  i really wish it happened , and i guarantee i would latch on to the slightest evidence . 
  but it simply did n't happen . 
   regional instability can be a good thing . 
  and in this case ? 
  what is this more than baseless speculation ? 
   arms dealers never miss a chance to make a buck unless there is an even larger game to be played . 
  not true at all . 
  you 've got the positive bias : the only cases of notoriety are when something happens . 
  because events where nothing happens are n't notable , nobody cares to notice . 
  thus , people believe an event has a higher probability of occuring than it actually does . 
  arms manufacturers are very much restricted by who their government authorizes sales to . 
  that 's why obama had to sign a treaty to authorize weapons sales to vietnam . 
  even so , i 'm talking about direct military aid , not authorizing sales , so your comment is n't even relevant to the discussion . 
   does n't have to be to qualify as a broken promise . 
  we were talking about ukraine , no ? 
  i think you got lost between point a and point b. 
   verbal agreement , but it is irrelevant . 
  the us breaks treaties constantly , this would be no different . 
  it is very much relevant . 
  it is not a legally binding treaty , and even then , the `` agreement '' ( if you can even call it that ) was very vague and general . 
  also , `` the us breaks treaties all the time '' ? 
  just as much as any other country . 
  https://www.csis.org/analysis/twq-myth-no-nato-enlargement-pledge-russia-spring-2009  all situations change constantly . 
  this is enough of a reason to void agreements ? 
  what a joke . 
  well again , there was never was any formal agreement to void in the first place . 
  as for the situation changing , i 'd say the soviet union not existing anymore is a pretty big change in the circumstances . 
  one side in this supposed `` agreement '' does n't even exist anymore , not really . 
  and that 's just the most important development . 
   personifying nations is as dangerous as it is ignorant . 
  `` he wrote , just a few lines below of where he personified the united states as dishonest . '', 
  honestly man , i do n't quite get it . 
  if a state can supposedly break agreements , a state can join an organization . 
   no they did n't just ask to join nato their democratically elected leaders chose to join nato through their own free will . 
  by your standards no treaty will ever be legitimate . 
  but i 've clearly seen in your posts that you care nothing for consistent logic - you bend your logic to fit your beliefs on any particular circumstance . 
   just like in ukraine us and western intelligence attempts to put leaders in power ah yes , the mythical us interference in euromaidan . 
  always talked up by russia , but the evidence was never seen . 
  for that matter , where 's the evidence that nato tampered with elections to get pro-nato candidates ? 
  hell , when former warsaw pact nations started pushing to be let into nato , some members of nato were skeptical . 
  it was actually nato who said , `` if you want to play on the team , you need to change some things '' - and they did . 
  some of them had referendums on it too . 
   0/10 it would be good for you to actually read the whole article instead of scanning it to look for evidence the supports your pr\u00e9cis ting prejudices , and then posting this snide crap . 
  honestly , mate , i kept up with the ukrainian conflict from the day yanukovych 's men marched on maidan . 
  i know what happened . 
  you just keep being snide , hypocritical , or downright nonsensical . 
  sorry , it bores me . 
  it does n't interest me . 
  i think we 're done here , especially given your condescending attitude . 
   you must not be aware of the gas deals , financial looting , valuable farmland , and coastline being fought over at this very minute . 
  all extremely minor issues compared to the actual reasons for the fighting : nationalism , revanchism , and keeping ukraine in the russian sphere of influence being some of the major ones . 
  it 's kind of irritating how many people completely ignore all motivations other than financial motivations . 
  very close minded . 
   good joke . 
  ukraine has received large amounts of aid from the west . 
  now you 're just stating falsehoods . 
  a tiny training mission , a few radar systems , and some trucks is hardly large amounts of aid . 
  especially when russia is sending entire brigades to the frontlines . 
  the ukrainian forces desperately needed modern anti-tank weapons and sniper rifles and the west refused to give them any . 
  some massive help , huh ? 
   the us promised not to extend nato east . 
  not a promise to ukraine b. 
  not a formal promise , so it never had any binding legitimacy . 
  c. circumstances changed after the reunification of germany , when that so-called `` promise '' was made . 
  d. eastern european countries asked to join nato . 
  it 's not like nato encroached on them or anything . 
   the us also promised to aid ukraine if they were under assault , and they did n't . 
  oh , i 'm sorry , is the us aiding ukraine or not ? 
  you ca n't have it both ways mate . 
  also , no , the treaty never said this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budapest_memorandum_on_security_assurances  however you just seem entirely ignorant of the situation in ukraine in general . 
  your insults fall on deaf ears . 
  i 'm not the one making factually incorrect assertions that can be disproved with a quick google . 
   superpower proxywar for neocolonial resource grab says hi there are a lot of reasons for the war in ukraine , but resources is n't really one of them . 
  also , `` proxy war '' ? 
  ukraine is practically on its own . 
  western aid has been very limited . 
   they gave up their nukes based on american promises . 
  american and russian promises . 
  ukraine gave up her nukes and in return russia and the u.s. promised not to attack ukraine . 
  guess who did n't keep their promise ? 
   should have asked the native americans how those turn out . 
  comparing two totally different situations in two totally different time periods is n't the best argument . 
  franco was a dictator , not a king . 
  he set up juan carlos to restore the kingdom of spain after he died , and hoped juan would continue dictatorship by creating an absolute monarchy . 
  unfortunately for franco , juan carlos turned out to be a liberal who restored spanish democracy as a constitutional monarchy , rather than playing dictator . 
   without any territory left . 
  * thanks , napoleon . 
  do n't most scots still not support independence ? 
  i recall that even after brexit most scots wanted to remain . 
  if the snp wants a second referendum , they should wait until opinion polling starts to at least swing 50-50 in their favor . 
  i understand campaigns can change attitudes , but especially so soon after the first referendum , i 'm not sure it 's a good idea . 
  problem 's not sex , mate . 
  europeans have more than enough sex . 
  the problem are social and economic norms , conditions , and attitudes that discourage starting a family . 
   look at what is different between europe , and countries that export terrorism you 're talking about : poverty , war , lack of proper education , propaganda ... 
  these are the conditions that promote violence and create extremism . 
  there are many dirt-poor catholic majority countries . 
  where are all the catholic terrorists ? 
   i mean , the crusades happened , and they were basically just religious massacres no , the crusades were not just `` religious massacres '' , that 's an extremely crude and inaccurate ...
