  religious voters and politicians letting their religion influence them is perfectly fine and healthy . 
  if you have an ideology , of course it should in part dictate your actions . 
  otherwise you 're a fraud . 
  i 'll never understand why some people think that religious ideology should n't be allowed to influence people 's decisions , but every other kind of ideology is a-okay . 
  btw , there 's not some evil vatican plot to control your country from afar . 
  church leaders are can and should voice their opinions on political issues , as is their right , and people can listen . 
  this is not akin to the vatican `` dictating '' policy . 
  that 's your opinion . 
  others would consider having a religious nation to be a blessing ( pun intended ) . 
   a very interesting take on modern church . 
  is lithuania significantly religious nowadays btw ? 
  did it get hit by the same wave of religiosity that russia did after the fall of ussr , or did it largely avoid it like estonia did ? 
  ah yes , the dreaded wave of religiosity . 
  otherwise known as people embracing their traditions and cultures after decades of cruel communist repression . 
  i hate to sound rude , but when your country is coming under repeated violent attacks , what are you supposed to do ? 
  stick your head in the sand ? 
  `` weather the storm '' ? 
  literally anything anyone suggests about combating terrorism is met with a storm of critics , often by the same groups people every time . 
  it 's always `` authoritarian '' , or `` prejudiced '' , or `` warmongering '' . 
  it 's fine to critique suggestions , i certainly am very critical , but for your people 's sake , suggest another option . 
  to be fair , these systems and programs would seem first rate in many other countries . 
  i love complaining about the guberment as much as the next ` merican , but we often judge how bad things are on a very relative scale . 
  yeah , of all the ways people have described bush , painting him as a power hungry dictator or somesuch always seemed silly and full of blind hatred . 
  bush strikes me as a good man who made some big fuck ups in his presidency . 
  that said , he also had the misfortune to be president when a ton of shit was going down . 
  he was n't a good president , but the people who say/said he was the `` worst in history '' clearly did n't pay attention in history class . 
  of course there 's nuance . 
  but there 's a difference between recognizing the nuances of the reign of terror , and flat out attempting to justify , as some here are doing . 
  i have little patience for those who justify historic atrocities . 
  i 've heard everything from the trail of tears to stalin 's purges justified and all it 's done is make me realize how cruel minded we can be when we let ideology define us rather than defining our ideology . 
   most of the terror 's victims , btw , were in the vend\u00e9e , where a brutal civil war was happening ( where the republican side , i might add , was n't the only bad guy - the royalists slaughtered thousands of republicans as well ) . 
  i hope you 're not one of those `` vendean genocide '' people , because that 's been thoroughly debunked do n't play these games . 
  it was n't a genocide but the republicans did target civilians and the `` royalists '' ( so called ) suffered far greater than the republicans . 
  the whole reason it started was due to `` republican '' repression and their military draft . 
  maybe if the `` republic '' was more interested in actual freedom rather than focusing on destroying the church and aristocracy , the uprising would n't have happened . 
   oh yeah , sure that happens in revolutions . 
  you just let counterrevolutionaries do their thing . 
  sorry , but no . 
  were loyalists able to keep their loyalist beliefs during the american revolution ? 
  nope , they were ostracised , could n't keep their jobs , had to pledge their allegiance to the independence or gtfo , and they had to go to exile to canada . 
  and it was entirely justified . 
  in that kind of a situation , the normal rules do n't really apply . 
  we did n't kill anyone who criticized the revolution . 
  and you 're still playing `` you did it to ! '', 
  we 've been over this several times . 
  you think mass murder is fine and dandy if it fits your politics . 
  i think that 's bs . 
  there have been many countries than transitioned to democracy without mass murder . 
  stop being a blind apologist and accept the fact that the terror was a terrible , unnecessary act of cruelty that can never be justified . 
  face up to the fact that the republic killed innocent people - a lot of them - instead of trying to weasel around it . 
  you sound like every other person who tries to justify a historical atrocity . 
  `` it was necessary ! '', 
  is a pretty bad excuse , but i 've heard it defend german war crimes , islamic terrorism , the red terror , the trail of tears , the holodomor , communist repression , and just about everything else . 
  if you think mass murder is the only way to achieve your goal , your goal is evil . 
  we 're not gon na play `` genocide olympics '' . 
  judge the terror alone . 
   is that a fact ? 
  did you provide evidence that the vast majority were evil enough to lose their heads ? 
  then yes , it 's a fact . 
  funny , i guess it 's guilty until proven innocent if you 're an aristocrat . 
  and a lot more people than aristocrats were killed . 
   of course . 
  but that 's true in normal times . 
  in revolutionary times , what do you do with royalists , aristocrats , counterrevolutionaries ? 
  live up to your republican values and leave them be . 
  freedom of belief . 
  and despite the propaganda , not everyone ( in fact , maybe not even most everyone ) killed was an active counter-revolutionary plotter . 
   anglo-saxon world in general it 's still `` you did it too !, 
  '' , which is a weak argument . 
  and `` anglo-saxon world '' ? 
  terminology like this makes it harder to take you seriously . 
  the english are n't trying to undermine france , nor are the americans ( we 're so multi-ethnic calling us `` anglo-saxon '' is a joke btw ) , although wounding your pride can be pretty funny . 
  not to mention the fact that , you know , the french were members of the allies during wwii . 
  that 's what the propagandists always say about their atrocities . 
  `` i only did what was necessary ! '', 
  if your idea of revolution demands you murder thousands of innocents , your idea of revolution is evil . 
  period . 
  if you think mass murder is ever `` necessary '' to accomplish your goals , you need to reevaluate the morality of those goals . 
  yeah , i know about the evil rich people and how they deserved to die . 
  the fact is that the overwhelming majority of the victims of the terror were innocents . 
  mass murder is n't excused because people have a different ideology from you . 
   it 's funny that the terror is vilified in the anglo-saxon world , but the mass bombings of civilian populations during world war ii is whitewashed . 
  first off , et tu fallacy . 
  `` you did bad things to ! '', 
  second off , bad analogy . 
  the terror was organized mass murder , which is different from strategic bombing . 
  third , it 's like you assume i support terror bombing . 
  ming restorationist confirmed . 
  romania did kind of have their monarchy stolen from them by the communists . 
  the only thing here that 's `` never justified '' is the mass murder of innocent people . 
  that 's historically debatable . 
  in any case , nothing justifies mass murder . 
  ukraine has a pretty large stockpile from the soviet days , but serious equipment shortages have been noted . 
  they 're getting nothing . 
  the rebels , on the other hand , roll around in freshly painted , modernized t-72s . 
  hmmm ... 
  sounds postively post-apocalyptic . 
  i 've heard various rebel `` commanders '' also control territory like feudal warlords . 
  locals apparantly appreciate russian troops whenever they come through not because they protect them from the ukrainians , but because they do n't loot or extort their villages like the rebels do . 
   on the us-side , you have for example the azov battalion , which consists primarily of neo-nazis and ultra-nationalists , which has been trained and supported from the us from early on .
