  i was in womb , just like everyone else . 
  to be honest though , i think the idea that you have to be a party to an injustice to have a say is absolutely ridiculous . 
  wow , what a terrible analogy . 
   no , trust me , large parts of my family are infected with this religious disease , i 'm well aware of the mental gymnastics they 'll do to try and not have to change their minds about anything . 
  gee , maybe they 'd listen to you a bit more if you did n't consider your differences in opinion to be caused by a deficiency on their part . 
  such arrogance . 
  i fail to see the relevance . 
  the point people seem to try to make is that because i have a penis i ca n't possibly have any stance on an issue that affects everyone ( accept it or not , abortion does not just affect women - it affects anyone who 's ever been in a womb , as well as the fact that all actions ultimately affect society as a whole ) . 
  the stance `` you 're not a woman so you ca n't have a stance on abortion '' is a bullshit argument intended to shut people up , and it falls apart because it always assumes the opponent would somehow have a different opinion if he had different genitals . 
  funny you say that . 
  kind of insulting to all the women who oppose abortion . 
  sorry you 're so closeminded that you think you can shut people up based on what 's between their legs . 
  i 'm just curious , because i know more women who oppose abortion than men . 
  i 'm sorry , but facts are facts and the facts say that the vast majority of women are n't procuring abortions . 
  i 'm going to give a wild guess and say that abortion law does n't affect people not affected by abortion . 
  you 're right , that was beneath me . 
  sorry , i reached my yearly tolerance for edginess months ago . 
  i 'm kind of burned out now . 
  i 'll try and do better : i do n't think my opponent was being fair , because he launched an ad hominem attack against his opposition and because he displays an arrogant and eltist attitude . 
  he also fails to acknowledge the non-religious arguments against abortion , or fairly address any criticism at all for that matter . 
  it 's more like the idea that killing an innocent person is n't justified just to save another potentially innocent person . 
   love the insult you 're the one who called people `` idiots doing the will of their imaginary friends '' . 
  what a joke , i 'd laugh at your blatent hypocrisy if it was n't so egregious . 
  relevance ? 
  stellar argument with a lot of substance . 
  i 'm oppose the death penalty , but this is kind of a faulty argument . 
  i think people can oppose the death of innocent children while still supporting the death penalty for the worst human scum imaginable , without being hypocrites . 
  got to say , i find the hysteria kind of amusing . 
  people act like women are being enslaved or disenfranchised or something . 
  in reality the overwhelming majority of people will not have their lives changed one bit by this . 
  many people have just been conditioned by the unending propaganda to have a meltdown over this when events with much more negative and widespread consequences pass silently in the night . 
  more like people who recognize the equal dignity of all human life . 
  oh , i 'm sorry , but now you see : two can play at the edginess game . 
  johnson , nixon , and reagan were about as different from one another as you can get on foreign policy . 
  that 's a mildly frightening thing to say . 
  i 'm honestly not surprised . 
  the knee jerk `` the uk is ruined ! '', 
  reaction to brexit has blown over a bit and support for a second referendum has faded with it . 
   i do n't understand this rationale . 
  so a police officer shoots an unarmed black man , then gets away with it . 
  and your defese is , well , black people are more violent , so it 's ok ? 
  that 's disgusting . 
  it 's almost like you 're not even interested in understanding my point of view and just assume i 'm racist . 
  black communities are more violent . 
  that means they 're more heavily policed . 
  when areas are more heavily policed , more violent incidents involving police happen . 
  many are justified , some are probably not . 
  but there 's no organized slaughter of black boys . 
  also , just because they were unarmed does n't mean they were unjustified in being shot . 
  you do n't need a gun to be dangerous . 
   how does 3x more unarmed black people being killed by the police an emotional case ? 
  because black communities are more violent , so of course there are more deaths ? 
  there 's no organized campaign against black boys . 
  if cops are working in a dangerous area , more people will be shot by cops . 
  less people will be shot overall . 
  that 's why this movement is counterproductive : by villainizing the police , the movement endangers the very communties it claims to protect . 
   they get away with killing black people . 
  i mean , i ca n't think of one high profile case where i 'd disagree with the jury . 
  if your claim is true , they 've picked the worst examples - so many of these supposed `` executions '' turn out to be legitimate self defense . 
  it does n't make sense in the us either . 
  yes , there are more blacks shot by police per capita than whites per capita ( though far more whites are shot overall ) , but violent crime is also much higher among black communities , so it balances out pretty logically . 
  the blm movement relies more on the emotions of a few special cases - michael brown etc. 
  - than on facts and statistics to win people over . 
  the one with the newlyweds is just sad :( . 
  thing is , they could meet the demands , they just chose not to because they feared public backlash from giving in more than losing millions of lives . 
  the u.s. won the phillipines forty years earlier from the spanish . 
  the japanese invasion of china was in progress . 
  it 's a really bad comparison to make . 
  japan was only sticking out their invasion of china anyways because of sunk cost . 
  they went in way deeper than they thought they would in 1937 and decided they might as well stick it out . 
  the practical reasons for the invasion had been lost by 1941 . 
  conditions like not being imperialist assholes ? 
  oh those poor victim japanese !, 
  japan could have just f 'd off out of indonesia . 
  nobody made them attack us . 
   i 'm not sure how i 'm flipping it calling me an `` edgy conservative '' and claiming that i was `` screaming about persecution '' is a pretty hysterical overreaction , brah . 
   but you were the one to start saying that secularism is just a cover for anticlericalism just an observation over how many supposed `` secularists '' do n't realize it 's a two way street and are only interested in placing restrictions on the church . 
   here you are again showing that you have no interest in the reality.it is n't church property it should be , the state 's control of the property is both a violation of church/state seperation and a break in church doctrine . 
   yes i 'm sure , no point in debating with an edgy conservative who is n't even interested in anything else than screaming persecution , btw oh , the irony . 
  i 've been completely calm this whole conversation . 
  now you 're flipping out all of a sudden while accusing me of doing the same . 
  projection at its finest . 
   2007 because a catholic grassroots organization in navarra complained about the church not letting them use their villages churches this supposed to make me sympathetic ? 
  if it 's the church 's property they reserve the right to close it . 
   all the buildings affected by this laws were n't built to be given to the church , in spanish law they were what 's called bienes de comunes , meaning that they belonged to the local councils , not to the central state.many of those were in fact civil buildings , used by the councils from civic activities ( from letting the old people in the village have a meeting to give classes in the really small villages ) damn , you 're so sure the catholic churches never had any stake in their own houses of worship before the modern day ? 
  and you 're fairly sure the cathedrals were built for the primary purpose of being meeting halls ? 
  in any case , the ownership by the state would be a violation of current church belief and therefor a violation of freedom of religion . 
  they should n't , especially if they want to claim to be secular . 
  and these `` secularists '' ( which seems to just be what anticlercalists have decided to rebrand themselves as ) especially should n't want to control more religious buildings . 
  because the state can help maintain them as historical structures , but it 's a violation of church/state seperation for the government to own a place of worship ? 
  i think it would be criminal to publicize the church 's property . 
  sure , the state might foot some of the bill for maintaining those with historic significance , but we do n't nationalize every company that recieves government subsidies . 
  the idea that `` they were built by the people so they should belong to them '' is left-wing populist nonsense . 
  they were built by people in the service of the church to be given to the church . 
  the construction crew are n't the owners of my house . 
  not to mention the obvious paradox of nationalizing a religious structure to `` protect seperation of church and state '' . 
  all of this seems like a thinly veiled attack on the church . 
  the state should n't own places of worship , period . 
  is there something wrong with wanting to ask someone who might be familiar with it ? 
  as an american , football hooliganism is completely foreign to me .
