  what is spain going to do with all these `` coffin dodgers '' without healthcare cover ? 
  they 're going ask for the uk to keep paying . 
  thats what . 
   70,000 retired brits use spain 's health system , 81 spanish pensioners are registered as covered by the nhs . 
   britain paid # 674.4 m to other eea countries to cover expat british citizens ' health costs in the 2014-2015 financial year , while it claimed back # 49.7 m to pay for eea citizens ' treatment in the uk . 
  dear uk , please do n't stop paying for your pensioners healthcare . 
  sincerely spain . 
  like most old russian heavyweights , she 's a chain smoker , and should have retired years ago . 
  srop filling my inbox with your drivel . 
  i 'm the one showing you how pathetically you behave . 
  you 're basically that kid in the back of school class that acts up for attention . 
  truly pathetic . 
  you 're full of shit . 
  and spectacularly unfunny . 
  you 're not my friend . 
  add delustional to the list . 
  the only thing that make you dangerous is your apparent stupidity . 
   if a new crisis happens they still have n't paid the last lot off yet . 
  both rbs and lloyds are both still effectively nationalised , and lloyds was even forced to split from tsb, 
  basically they 're the little bitch who makes all the right noises when told to . 
  maybe its somthing to do with the # 500billion they were given by the government in 2008 . 
  youre missing the major issue , we wo n't be negotiatoing with spain , independantly on visas but with the qhole of the eu as a single entity . 
  just just like we ca n't currently pick between poles or spaniards , only eu citizens . 
   there is no solution to this bar population increase . 
  this entire post it about universal income in a post mass-employment era . 
  adding more population isnt going to solve a thing as there wo n't be any work for them to earn a living . 
   what kind of reforms do you suggest ? 
  completely overhauling the socal welfare system . 
  including all sectors - pensions , unemployment benefits , disability allowances , healthcare and elderly care , and so on , to provide universal guaranteed income . 
   increasing retirement age by the rate that our lifespan increases ? 
   increasing taxation by the rate that our lifespan increases ? 
   decreasing pensions by the rate that our lifespan increases ? 
  assuming there is still mass employment for the majority to earn a living , you 're totally missing the point here . 
   we will do what we are doing through-out the human history . 
  increase population and expand . 
  when our land is not enough , we look for more land . 
  in the same continent . 
  in other continents . 
  on other planets . 
  human population is at the fastest growth ever , doubling within a generation . 
  we are not about to start colonising other planets , we not even close . 
  the fact remains that todays population is supported by the mechanisation of agriculture and is entirely dependent on oil for both the diesel engines and the chemicals used for fertiliser . 
  we simply dont have enough farmland nor resources to cultivate it and we 're not about to find any more . 
  populations can not expand indeffinately , the population bell curve is tied to that of peak oil . 
  the whole process of a continually expanding the population to have taxpayers to sustain the pension/healthcare of the old is unsustainable . 
  pension reforms , or rather the complete overhaul of the socal sector , is the * only * way to acheve this in the face of enevitable mass unemployment through automation . 
   you need to have population growth that outpaces the increase in life span . 
  you need employment for these extra people in order to raise taxes from them to sustain the system . 
  this is exactly the problem with automation - less taxable employment . 
  she is not a choice , she is a lack of options . 
  we keep having high profile resignations direclty because of her actions . 
  ( or the lack thereof ), 
   in ~ ~ finnish ~ ~ * estonian * ( the fins can probably still guess the answers though ), 
  brexiters think they 've been invading britain since poland joined the eu . 
  savage burn . 
  that nobody speaks `` belgian '' , as their languages are imported . 
   you could be german and live in argentina , the banks of the volga or deep transylvania . 
  absolutely . 
  in each of these cases you would be the one importing german language . 
  in wales scotland and ireland , there is a significant number of traditional gaelic/celtic language speakers , who speak their national language first , and to whom english is considered an imported language . 
  english spoken in america or australia is imported , as with french in northern africa and spanish/portuguese in south america . 
  you will find origonal populations within all these colonial countries who are bilingual . 
  my point is that people who speak any given first language * and * an officially recognised second language that is native elsewhere , are speaking an imported language . 
  yes , but we speak english in england . 
  never heard anyone speaking `` belgian '' . 
  their native languages are imported . 
  like which ones ? 
  well it 's not as if we 'll suddenly start buying trucks from america . 
  euro standards will still be defacto, 
   in your face ~ ~ chuck ~ ~ [ jean claude van damme ] ( https://youtu.be/zn1f-lzop08?t=3m53s ), 
  but it would be interesting to see a similarly divided map with firearms per head of population . 
  look again . 
  there are giant babies crawling up it . 
   if i remember correctly . 
  no sources . 
  well , i 'm calling bullshit . 
  err , the death penalty was n't on the referendum ballot paper . 
  are there some idiots here that want it back ? 
  of course , but they are not in any kind of majority . 
  `` more importantly , if we do n't keep selling to them , bae systems will lose market share to the russians or the chinese . 
  we ca n't have that . '', 
  my estonian wife : * just no . 
  you do know that national averages include areas outside the capitol ? 
  they 're betting 20:1 odds that you do n't hit a $ 20,000 car and total it . 
  i bought a kawsaki z1000 new in 2005 just after my restricted license period ended , i paid # 1800 to insure it as liability only as that was all i could get . 
  i rode carefully ... 
  i pay # 180 fully comp on my 2.5 l vw . 
  seems about right to me . 
  i 'm 33 and have over 10yrs no claims , and own and insure a 1000cc bike . 
  i simply claim that conservative support is literally dieing out . 
  that 's inevitable with the 65 + age group . 
  if you want to claim that people are switching allegiances in later life , and those dieing out are being replaced , then good luck proving it . 
  are you assuming they do ? 
  many old folk who vote conservative , do so , because they have * always * voted conservative . 
  we 'll see when this graph is updated for this election, 
  the death of the conservative party is coming [ one funeral at a time . 
  ] ( https://election2015.files.wordpress.com/2015/05/age.jpg ) ( figures from the 2015 ge ), 
  lite l\u028c\u026at / adjective * denoting a low-fat or low-sugar version of a manufactured food or drink product . 
  2017 tories are basically ukip - * lite *, 
  me too , but fortunately mine is a key con/libdem marginal .
