  fingers crossed . 
  @ 2:04 since fucking when are landrovers made in scotland ? 
  not to mention the vast areas of rainforest cleared every year for cattle grazing . 
  this will only increase with demand . 
  the echo of the urals exibit downstairs was really well done . 
  correct . 
  right next to the new national museum in tartu ( that i just visited today ), 
  australian houses are pretty much all single storey bungalows . 
  i grew up 5 miles from stratford-upon-avon , never been to the william shakespeare museum !, 
   most voted labour then , but an alarming amount vote tory or ukip now . 
  i actually wonder how much the common market/eu is viewed as `` margaret thatchers doing '' by traditionally labour ex mining communities such as yours . 
  yep . 
  we do n't know . 
  no one knows . 
  migrants on both sides will no doubt be pawns in the negotiations . 
  i was speaking with a sargent in the estonian defense forces only last week and this came up . 
  apparently there is a feeling amongst some estonian servicemen that they would rather not have them involved . 
  on the basis that if the time came , they would only use the training against them . 
  uneasy times . 
  ( british , but recently returned from visiting my wifes family in tallinn estonia ) there is noticeably more american military personnel than my last visit . 
  grandpa is now throughly convinced he 'll have to use rubles again before he dies . 
  there was a swimming race between two cats from england to france . 
  the english cat was called `` one two three '' and the french cat was called `` un deux trois '' the english cat won , because the `` un deux trois '' quatre cinq ( cat sank ), 
  i 've got some bad news about your planned flight to malaysia . 
  most our religious sects went to america to `` escape persecution '' . 
  we still have a few quakers such as the cadbury family [ chocolate makers ] and a i do know of a few brethren but in general they are in an absolute minority . 
  * flotus * noun : the shit that refuses flush, 
  was that the bragging about banging the granddaughter of the faulty towers manuel on the radio ? 
  i think you might be right . 
   i think comedy in the uk is losing its balls . 
  agreed . 
  though i think it 's more to do with the producers than comediens themselves . 
  think frankie `` tone it down or we 'll shut you down '' boyle or romesh `` stop playing the race card '' ranganathan . 
  estonian : kull v\u00f2i kiri ( hawk or letters ), 
  you describe brexit perfectly . 
   it will be interesting to see if the eu passport for brits gets off the ground . 
  i 'm currently pinning my hopes on this . 
  i 'm married to an estonian , and currently both living here , but have a long term plan to move to tallinn when the kids reach school age and start renovating and letting the incomplete family-owned appartment complex . 
  all of this becomes much more difficult without self-employment rights regardless of my wifes nationality . 
   i really do n't imagine anyone will be throwing out workers from their country en masse '' * imagine harder * '' - prime minister nigel farage . 
  if you 're reading something outside of your normal , your brain continues to process it as you fall asleep . 
  for those learning to speak english as a foreign language , deaming in english is a significant milestone , and this technique is proven to help . 
  english tefl teacher here . 
  read before bed . 
  ideally somthing with subject matter and vocabulary that you would n't normally use in your day to day life . 
  it helps with acquisition and you tend to remember it better . 
  if you 've not read much english language fiction , i recommend ernest hemingway . 
  one . 
  often poorly . 
  ( i 'm talking about england btw ), 
  `` stolen '' implies that ireland was dug up , loaded onto boats and taken away ... no wait ... 
  including brokering weapons deals with the saudis . 
   police often buys national car brands too . 
  not true anymore for us . 
  we used to use vauxhall ( rebaged opel ) astras for local cars , but area cars ( highway patrol ) were almost always volvo or occasionally a range rover . 
  nowadays we use peugeot and kia and bmw for area cars . 
  the rules exist in the common market in part to stop corrupt practices . 
  any government help to a particular business unfairly advantages that business against others in other countries who compete in the same market . 
  the example i have personal experience with was estonian air . 
  they were forced to close by the eu anti trust commission . 
  basically they were a company propped up by the taxpayer whilst the directors awarded themselves 6 figure salaries . 
  it was an unsustainable business model with its fingers in the government pocket , and had no rightful place in a fair market place . 
   why he backed brexit i have no idea to raise his profile , and get his face on the tv outside of london . 
  he was never supposed to win . 
  i did n't realise she shut down german coal mines too, 
  we have the army reserves ( formally the terratorial army ) . 
  a part time force of paid volunteers typically evenings and weekends . 
  many employers allow people the time off to commit to training expeditions for example . 
  http://www.army.mod.uk/reserve/31781.aspx there are also raf reserves working in logistical support . 
  i agree , but unfortunately is gambling is heavily taxed and leveraged for other benefits , and provided that it is managed properly , policy makers do n't want to jeopardise it . 
  for example , the national lottery , is the main funder of teamgb and our olympic medal haul is a direct reflection of that investment . 
   people 's attention span for music has changed . 
  i think its more to do with who is buying the music being sold and how artist earn their money . 
  chart music today is being made for kids buying on smartphones , or the product of talent shows . 
  music fans still buy good albums on traditional formats , just nowhere near the same ammount . 
  in the internet age there isnt the money in just being a recording artist like there was years ago , nowadays the money is in tourning and performance whereas before , touring was more of a means of promotion . 
  there was a push for the `` right to roam '' in the uk a few years ago . 
  it was spearheaded by the ramblers association ( walker/hiker club ) and was about granting foot access to woodland , parkland and unclutivated farmland . 
  the idea was heavily contested by the farmers and landowners on the basis that although ramblers would be fine and would behave properly and respectfully ... the vast majority uninitiated plebs that inhabitant this isle however , would not . 
  shortly after this foot and mouth disease came , most public footpaths were closed to prevent the spread ( you can carry it on your boots or car tyres ) . 
  one afternoon i see two people * in * with our sheep . 
  i jump on the quad and race over . 
  * `` what the fuck are you doing here ! , the footpath is closed '' * * `` oh do n't worry , we 're vegetarians '' * facepalm . 
  thats why we dont have it . 
  too many folks who do n't follow the rules . 
  your question has already been answered several times . 
  check previous postings . 
  they call them goodybags, 
  [ for real ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/digital-single-market/en/roaming-tariffs ), 
  eu roaming charges are capped ( and due to be scrapped in june this year ) and is much cheaper than roaming outside of the eu . 
  edit : https://ec.europa.eu/digital-single-market/en/roaming-tariffs the tariff you get depends on networks available in the country you pickup the sim . 
  i would start from there . 
  i can only advise as a uk phone user - i 'm on giffgaff prepay which is n't hugely expensive when in europe - they have fixed price monthly data bundles . 
   what has mass immigration brought to europe ? 
  cheap labour , and income tax revenues from said work . 
  that 's what . 
  just like all immigrants , in all places in all times - they simply look for a chance of a better life . 
  dont believe the right wing media that likes to paint them all as either scroungers/beggars or terrorists . 
   most people that come are on social welfare got proof ? 
  or are you just repeating the right wing press ?
