  ( 1920 ) the partitioning of india . 
  exacerbating the irish famine . 
  [ more here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_war_crimes ), 
  was it the vw diesel emission thing ? 
  my experience was based on a road trip from orlando fl to nyc ( including a stop in charleston sc ) the obesity rates observed are inversely proportional to how cosmopolitan the area . 
  the proportion of overweight people america, 
  i simply point out that there are plenty of other examples of capitalist behaviour right across europe . 
  op 's question was n't which country is most neo-liberal , or which country is most capitalist . 
  but most `` american '' . 
  i simply put down the op 's sweeping half-baked assumption . 
  vws diesel emissions scandal is n't capitalist behavior then ? 
  what about french oil exploration in ther north african ( former ) colonies ? 
   the most neoliberal of all european countries we are constitutional monarchy , with a socialist welfare state , with several state owned/run nationalised industries . 
  literally the polar opposite of america . 
  we do n't even have full freedom of speech ( unlike the french for example ) . 
  uk but i 'm married to one and lived there for a year . 
  what would you like to know ? 
  ( i expect u/h2ppyme will also be along soon enough as probably they 're the most active estonian on this sub . ), 
  fyi the uk is certainly not `` the most american european country '' as implied by its exclusion . 
  there are far more `` irish '' identifying americans . 
  start there . 
  yeah , huge . 
  f1 is run from here , 8 out of the 11 teams are uk based ( including overseas teams like mercedes and force india ) . 
  more f1 world champs than any other country . 
  we 're pretty good at racing development here , and particularly centred around the cherwell valley where 5 of these teams are based . 
  we have companies like prodrive building performance gearboxes for motorsport as well as for production vehicles for jaguar and aston martin . 
  touring cars are popular and the btcc is pretty well followed . 
  rallying is popular , but perhaps not so much since the death of colin mcrae . 
  motorbikes are very popular , we have british superbike championship , and the world superbike and motogp are always well attended when the uk rounds come . 
  not forgetting of course the isle of man tt . 
  there is a big following of `` owners clubs '' , perhaps the biggest would be vw , particularity the old camper vans and beetles have a huge following , and there is a huge custom scene around them . 
  britain also hosts the largest hells angels meetup outside of america - the bulldog bash . 
  it 's held at an old airfield and there is plenty of drag-racing and a big custom car and bike show . 
  there is a lot of amateur club racing , for all types/classes from banger racing to rallycross , and on bikes enduro , speedway and motorcross . 
  in short , we are a nation of petrolheads . 
  you can watch live motorsport of some sort ( amateur included ) almost every weekend if you wanted . 
  edit : also top gear / gt, 
  formatting only works in comments or in text bodys of posts , not in titles . 
  you should enter the address into the link section on the submission page to link from the title , or link to it in the text of your post . 
  [ working link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x9dh2gfx4mg ) he 's south african , born to british parents, 
  in a brave new world by aldous huxley , there is the world state for a modified compliant civilisation , and the `` savage reserves '' for everyone else . 
  by indian chefs, 
  probably the years following the english civil war , where king charles i was exexuted in 1649 and we were a commonwealth ( `` republic '' ) under oliver cromwell . 
  tldr : what followed was the reinstating of the crown , only with an elected parliament which is more or less the basis of what we have now . 
  a few years ago , chicken tikka masala was the most common dish ordered at resteraunts . 
  the british have a thing for curry . 
  estonia is on of the least populated countries in europe , they had a land reform following independence where soviet occupied land and properties have been returned to surviving relatives . 
  the gap between the opposing two rows of benches in the [ house of commons ] ( https://stephenliddell.files.wordpress.com/2015/03/2701153820_d8a1197bed_o.jpg ) , is two swords lengths . 
  are n't these the guys who built a sauna at camp bastion ? 
  poles apparently prefer * distilled * beverages, 
   calling for europe to fight the americans we 'd probably tell you to `` shut up you whining little shit '' . 
  no one gives a shit about `` anti-american '' anything , outside of america . 
   why would n't they be ? 
  the argument against would be that they 're not on the mediterranean sea . 
  ( not saying i agree with this ), 
  [ obligatory ] ( https://youtu.be/ntminrftplu?t=9s ), 
  anecdotally there are many younger eastern europeans working and studying in western europe . 
  how are these ex-pats accounted for in figures you mentioned ( but did not cite ) ? 
  in 20 years the vast majority of britons who voted to leave will be dead , which leaves the rest of us stuck here in an interesting position . 
   turks consume ridiculous amount of tea . 
  * ahem *, 
  here `` fresh '' vs uht would be the opposite of spain with 95 % being fresh . 
  everyone knows the uht stands for * ultra horrible taste * and only wierdos drink it here . 
  tesco tried pushing bagged milk a few years ago but it never took off . 
  every house i have ever lived in had two taps in the bathroom and a mixer in the kitchen . 
  to shave i put the plug in and fill the sink a bit . 
  i 'd compare it to driving on the left . 
  you 're aware they do it different overseas but when its all you know from childhood its not strange at all . 
  we just remodeled our bathroom this year and had a mixer fitted . 
  first time i 've had one in a bathroom . 
  british bathroom manufacturers still make double tap sinks for one simple reason . 
  ** because it still sells . 
  ** people do n't like to change , especially older people being told by europeans to change . 
  boston in lincolnshire ? 
  world series with only 2 countries ? 
  we have a rugby tournament that only consists of england scotland wales ireland france and italy . 
  we do n't even call it european let alone world . 
  we call it the six nations . 
  similarly australia nz and south africa have the tri-nations rugby tounament . 
  england and australia have an ongoing cricket rematch just called the ashes . 
  seriously america get over yourselves . 
   usa to be the center of the universe i too find this absurd . 
  there is a distinct lack of general knowledge about other countries in america . 
  so inward looking it 's almost as if they 're isolated . 
  case in point - top of the front page just now : a post about '' * the * national anthem at the world series '' who 's national anthem and which other countries at the world series ? 
  huge . 
  in a nutshell she broke up and sold off the large state run national enterprises . 
  british coal , british rail etc. 
  this was devastating for small communities that relied on these employers , particularly coal mining , and they will probably never forgive or forget . 
  the ability to comprehend the english spoken diminishes significantly north of about junction 20 of the m1 ( the midlands and up ) . 
  the same is true on just about all of the m5 ( birmingham and the south west ) . 
  city-stateism ? 
  worryingly nationalism appears to he on the rise on my wife 's side of the bed . 
  to be fair , anyone is an improvement on bj . 
  nicola sturgeon ( first minister of scotland - scottish nationalists ) has integrity in spades . 
  probably more then the rest put together . 
  oh and i 'm english btw . 
  do you really have to ask ? 
  i think you all know . 
  chorus translates : * `` the gays are doing squat thrusts on the mirror floor and they 're not wearing any pants at all '' *,
