  remember that those with pending asylum cases are not allowed to work until their case is granted . 
  you assume that terrorists are from overseas , and that closing borders is the solution . 
  this is plainly false . 
  you dismiss the fact that home-grown attackers have , and will continue to launch attacks , and that closing the borders will not stop them . 
  radicalisation is the issue , not immigration . 
  the point is that closing the borders wo n't de-radicalise anyone . 
  claiming that closing the borders will `` solve the problem '' of security against terror is flawed . 
  hypothetically preventing people from entering europe is no different from claiming that not intervening in the middle-east would have prevented islamic terrorism . 
  its in the past tense . 
  this entire shitpost ( yes - zero post score ) is about pushing your own anti-immigration rhetoric . 
  you may as well be working for the daily mail . 
  it 's entirely the same issue . 
  radicalisation is the cause of terrorism ** both ** for those who come in and those who were born here . 
  it is plainly the same process irrespective of the location in which it occurs and to pretend otherwise is simply ignorant . 
  downvote all you like . 
  it 's a fact, 
  the london 7/7 bombings were committed by men born and bred in yorkshire . 
  no ammount of border restrictions would have prevented them . 
  the london 7/7 bombings were committed by men born and bred in yorkshire . 
  no ammount of border restrictions would have prevented them . 
   the recent attacks that took place would not have occured if the perpetrators had not been there in the first place . 
  well by the same logic , car accidents could be avoided by driving elsewhere at the time or indeed by never getting in a car . 
  see also ; avoiding drowning by never getting into water . 
  * if * the vast majority ( regardless of legal status of refugee or economic migrant ) simply want the chance of a better life . 
  troublemakers are in the absolute minority , the same as literally any other section of society . 
  life imitating art . 
  whilst it deffinately falls under satire , private eye is right on the the money as far as journalistic integrity . 
  ian hislop is fantastic at calling people out on their bullshit . 
  edit https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyyoyoeqkfm, 
  i lived in tallinn for a year , and can confirm first-hand that the level of english proficiency is high , especially among those educated after the soviets left . 
  i 'm not knocking u/h2ppyme , rather complimenting the nation as a whole . 
  estonia is a small , outward-looking country that puts uk language education to shame . 
  basically [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/tgdo-9hfaii?t=24s ) brad pitt in snatch, 
  queuing at the fish & chip shop ( thats probably enough in itself ) , when two gypsy/pikey lads of about 12-13yo tried to jump the queue ... like all of it . 
  the guy who they cut infront of ( mid 20s ) challenged them , it quickly turned into a pikey shouting match ( * `` thfuckyougonnadoaboutitmate '' * ) and ended with him punching one of the gypsys in the stomach . 
  they run off , and sure enough , 5 mins later theyre back with older brothers/cousins in tow . 
  fortunately , for stomach puncher he had already gone by the time they arrived , and i was just leaving . 
   the uk government considers saudi arabia the good guys maybe it 's something to do with # billions of weaponry they buy from the likes of bea systems ? 
  interesting . 
  i see many bikes all the time . 
  most of my friends ride , both of my next door neighbours ride ( they actually have the same model 650cc suzuki ) and so do half the guys on my road . 
  my boss and most of the guys i work with ride , i was talking to one of my oldest fiends only the other day about this when at his parents house before xmas , we counted 14 bikes registered on the street where he grew up - we both know more people who own bikes than people who dont . 
  by your definition , americans - despite being multiple generations in , are still europeans . 
  not at all . 
  19th century finnish nationalism in the context of a deliberate effort to unify ruling swedish and peasant finnish after some 500 years of rule is perhaps not so different to modern scottish nationalism . 
  - when it is used as a tool of self-determination from oppressive foreign rule . 
  is not the same as , and should not be confused with the right wing nationalism evident across europe right now , and historically , used as a tool to oppress and shut out ethnic minorities, 
  this is a great answer , i can see plenty of parallels with our 4 home nations of the uk . 
  i 'm curious as to how you would define a colonial nation . 
  for example america or australia . 
  america is not a real nation ? 
  ok colonies do n't count ? 
  ok [ you dismiss them simply because they call into question your qualifying attributes . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/hyaur5bkilq ), 
  then how do you explain american national identity ? 
  or any other colonial country for that matter . 
  do you also mean that 2nd and 3rd generation immigrants ( who may have never even visited their `` home '' nation ) are denied a full national identity - effectivley nationless ? 
   a foreign national can not really become a member of our nation not even if they marry in , and lean the language , adopt the culture and raise their children within ? 
  i ask because that is my situation . 
  i 'm currently in the east , am i allowed an opinion ? 
  u/tercio2002 claimed that nationalism and tolerance can coexist with `` the right mindset '' the problem is that those who gravitate towards nationalism are predominately right-leaning and frequently display * in * tolerance to those from a different nationality or cultural heritage - as demonstrated by the rise in european populism . 
  two examples include the british `` leavers '' dislike of the polish , and german afd feelings towards the recent wave of refugees . 
  my hope is that 2017 's obituary is full of people we would be better off without . 
  i 'll start with nigel farage . 
  from ops linked wiki page , opening papagraph !, 
   the description of a pattern of group behaviour towards individuals within scandinavian communities that negatively portrays and criticises individual success and achievement as unworthy and inappropriate . 
  he completely missed it . 
   an extreme form of patriotism marked by a feeling of superiority over other countries . 
  nationalism and tolerance do not walk hand in hand . 
  you might as well be saying that selfishness is ok , as long as you share with others . 
  isis is just the current `` posterboy of fear '' . 
  previous incarnations include al-qaeda , the ira , the soviet union , nazi germany ,, 
  nationalism brings intolerance against those who do n't `` automatically '' belong . 
  point taken , - edited accordingly . 
  this is such a poor assertion . 
  `` western ideal '' ? 
  defined as `` smugness '' for lack of a better term . 
  counting estonia as closest to the `` western ideal '' is flawed on the basis that as the only former soviet country that has the strongest , measurable links to scandinavia , and a very close relationship to finland . 
  estonia has performed better because she did not start from anywhere near the same place , and is not heading in the same direction as the former ussr states , but that direction is not a western ideal . 
  culturally , they have always looked to scandinavia . 
  for starters , estonian language is basically a `` fork '' of finnish , * and a distant cousin of hungarian , making it totally unrelated to * the other baltic states . 
  latvia and lithuania have ~ ~ slavic based ~ ~ * balto-slavic * languages , ~ ~ the same as with ~ ~ * related to * most of the former ussr occupied states . 
  estonia has sought to be recognised as an independent and self governing nation , and has looked to the eu and nato as the best vehicle and stage on which to represent itself and not be pushed around by its bigger neighbours . 
  i 'm not just talking about the soviets and the russian empire , but historically the old empires of the swedes and the danes too . 
  ( edits in * italics * - corrected by u/randel55 ), 
   a handshake at the end . 
  you seem to underestimate england football fans . 
  truly a fucking embarrassment . 
  [ what about ... ] ( https://youtu.be/6ho0c9lkpyi ), 
  worth mentioning is that maidenhead is a particularly wealthy area , an historic market town right in london commuter m4 corridor and one of the conservative party 's safest seats . 
  not too different from david cameron 's ( former ) constituency ; witney ( oxfordshire ) , a well-to-do historic market town , also one of the conservatives safest seats . 
  inbetweeners was remade for the american market , and just like the office , the original is far better . 
  my recommendation would be to avoid the remake . 
  someone from liverpool . 
  [ relevant comedy sketch ] ( https://youtu.be/ypistkpaoe4 ), 
  bad , but sadly not the worst : . 
  the boer concentration camps . 
  the chinese `` resettlement '' the amritsar massacre . 
  the cyprus internment . 
  crushing the iraqi revolution .
