  accurate : we drink a lot of tea . 
  inaccurate : we are always polite . 
  we drink when our politicians are playing games . 
  then go and apply for a gun licence . 
  be sure to put `` for protection '' as the application reason . 
  see how far you get . 
  estonia has an interesting situation . 
  ( disclaimer : british married to an estonian ) in tallinn the ( former ) mayor is from the pro russian party ( but is in some legal trouble over bribes/corruption ) . 
  there is a strong russian speaking presence in the capitol particularly in the eastern suburbs ( soviet era migrants ) and often press rumours of russian money funding campaigns etc. 
  but since the eu sanctions imposed after crimea there has a been a noticeable influx of wealthier russians apparently trying to offset their risk . 
  naturally estonia does n't want to `` rock the boat '' so to speak because foreign money can be good for business , but when set against the fact that russia is a major consumer of estonian dairy and meat for example , the eu sanctions are hurting some estonian businesses . 
  when the russians occupied eastern ukraine my wife 's grandfather was convinced they 'd be next . 
  there was a lot of compliant last year about the snatching of the border guard elegedly from the estonian side and his trumped up spying charges . 
  in all i do n't think there is hysteria yet . 
  but there is a healthy concern for the future if this sabre rattling continues . 
  edit . 
  missed a word, 
  in britain , barely noticed . 
  in estonia ( where my wife is from ) a welcome parter and a reassuring presence . 
  as a small country they take a particular pride in being involved in much larger multinational organisations and on the same stage in events . 
  trump has described her as a `` top british journalist '' . 
  no bonus points for you . 
  i 'm looking forward to becoming an illegal immigrant . 
  how * ironic *, 
  dont forget bell ringing practice on a tuesday evening, 
  just you wait . 
  nigel farage is planning his `` whistle-stop tour '' of european populists with the the aim of cultivating nationalism . 
  someone should fuck with his volvo 's wheelnuts again . 
  my god , that man is truly a cunt of biblical proportions . 
  interestingly , english might no longer be an `` official '' language of the eu . 
  as both ireland and malta both joined after the uk , they pushed for irish and maltese to be recognised as official languages respectively . 
  that said i imagine english will likely remain the de-facto `` lingua franca '', 
  you 're right - i 'd forgotten . 
  i bet you 'll be glad to see the back of that bellend farage . 
  that was n't specifically stated in the title . 
  they talk of making britain more `` competitive '' . 
  the way i see this going is they will push back on things like employment rights . 
  paid maternety/paternity leave , statutory sick pay , redundancy notice and payments , maybe even encroach on minimum paid holiday too . 
  `` red tape '' will be cut - those pesky eu regulations that harm profits ... like emissions regulations and proper waste disposal requirements . 
  in broad generalisation , i see the uk becoming more of a `` sink or swim '' society more akin to the american way rather than european social model . 
  the essence of conservatism is low taxes , low expenditure and small government . 
  they will surely aim to trim anything they can to reduce the expenditure , especially if the predicted recession materialises . 
  this is why its so important not to let the tories negotiate the terms of any exit on their own . 
  we need a general election in which parties can lay out their plan and we can choose the best route as an electorate . 
  ( fwiw the lib dems are promising not to invoke art 50 ) edit : spelling, 
  i 'll say it again given the events of last night - the only thing america need `` protection '' from is the guns that are already in society . 
   assuming we got the same holidays i was once asked by an 25yo american woman , if we celebrated the 4th of july . 
  ironically we do , but only because its the one date they get in the correct order . 
  your government was formed out of an open armed rebellion to * my * government . 
  your government is comprised of two houses of politicians , more or less copied from mine , with essentially two main political parties , just like mine , and who 's laws were written in my language . 
  yet , you live in a society that values self-interest , material wealth and property over human life . 
  ( shooting criminals , death sentences , and no healthcare for the poor ) you 're not familiar with how a ** civilised ** society operates . 
  it seems to me that the only thing america need `` protection '' from is the guns that are already in society . 
  my estonian wife laments about how nice it was to only have paper money . 
  which is ridiculous because they did actually have coins but were of such small value , they were practically useless . 
  it was ~ 16kr to $ 1 when they switched , which meant that the 1 kroon note was ~ $ 0.06 , and they still used a 5 senti coin !, 
  your reading this from the wrong point of view . 
  this has nothing to do with those who left . 
  this is about the opinions of those left behind . 
  they hear stories of friends and relatives making a decent life over there and will have formed an opinion on based on that and other american points of reference eg . 
  film and tv . 
  the numbers of successful emigrants from say poland to the us will directly affect the opinions held by poles in poland of the us even if they have never even visited . 
  the love of money ( material weath ) as a culture is far more prevalent in america than the aforementioned european countries . 
  you 're not wrong . 
  of course , perception of wealth ( read financial opportunity ) could well be an influence on a favourable opinion . 
  likely due to/reflected on views of emigration . 
  many of these countries on that research have had significant numbers of emigrants to the us following ww2 . 
  note that ireland was not included . 
  do you suppose the irish see america unfavourably considering that so many have emigrated from there ? 
  you would probably have to be a resident of scotland before their 2nd referendum if you want to ride on that ticket to the eu . 
  greece . 
  but not for the same reasons edit i voted in btw, 
  my wife is estonian , i 've lived for a year in tallinn . 
  seen it firsthand more times than i can count . 
  yes they are both finno-ugric but * \u00fcks \u00f5lu palun * and * yksi olut kiitos * are not really that similar . 
  it 's the estonians who understand the finns better than the finns understanding estonian , its definitely not a 2 way street . 
   as a person who speaks a romance language . . and for everyone who does n't , it can be a real pain . 
  we 're trying . 
  the polls open in 12 hours ( and as i 'm also a nominated proxy for a friend i get to vote remain twice !, 
  i do n't - i 'm not that naive . 
  it 's a convenient tool , not a preference . 
  why i find it staggering is that english is not the easiest to learn grammatically , its full of homophones/homographs and irregular verbs . 
  its not the oldest language nor the most widely spoken worldwide . 
  yet is the dominant one worldwide for trade , tourism , diplomacy , science & medicine . 
  really there should be plenty of other more logical candidates for lingua francia . 
   ` cultural arrogance ' bingo - just look at the eu referendum polls . 
  half the leave voters have been sold on the xenophobia ticket , just like the trump supporters on the other side of the pond . 
  they are the same demographic . 
  when toyota sells cars to the middle east , the contracts are negotiated in english , when a finn orders a beer in tallinn he asks in english . 
  as an englishman i find this staggering . 
   the nuts and bolts of * english * were n't taught very well in the first place . 
  this exactly . 
  i only realised how lacking my knowledge was when i started studying for tefl, 
  look at the language used . 
  what we call burglary or `` a break in '' you call `` home invasion '', 
  exactly guns `` for protection '' does not fly here . 
  our rank and file police are not armed and i like it that way . 
  never heard of this . 
   there are no black people in poland can confirm . 
  went to an english/polish wedding in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a one of the guests was south african ( indian descent ) and got completely eyeballed , gawked and stared at everywhere we went .
