the pentagon would n't allow that . 
  he 's the commander on chief . 
  they follow orders . 
  and he 's already been quite clear that he will ignore their knowledge and expertise . 
   hell , there 's the eu . 
  which is even more likely to break up . 
  france 's fn will be buoyed by trump 's win , so we may well see their exit from the union . 
  if trump disbands nato , and the fn take france out of the eu , the remaining eu countries will lack a nuclear deterrent . 
  that may tempt putin to ` take back ' the baltic states and some of the other ex-soviet countries . 
   france and germany are of the same mind when it comes to the european union defense france has an election next may , and it 's not beyond the realms of possibility that the anti-eu front national will win . 
  he 's just playing 32d jenga . 
  well trump and putin were in favour of brexit . 
  what brexit does is weaken the eu by encouraging support for national parties that are anti-eu . 
  a weakened eu would open opportunities for both russia and the us ( and their respective corporations ) . 
  you 'll still be able to drive v8s on race-tracks , in the same way you can ride on the footplate of a steam-engine if you want to . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_assets_owned_by_news_corp https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_assets_owned_by_21st_century_fox, 
   before the scottish referendum , eu clarified that an independent scotland would have a apply to join . 
  that 's because we would have been declaring independence from an eu member . 
  the current situation is that that same eu member is leaving the eu and trying to take us with them . 
  the will of the scottish people is that scotland stay in the eu . 
  shut up !, 
  honestly , the people who argue about slippery slopes in relation to gay marriage thinking it will end up with people marrying animals are just nuts . 
  you ca n't reason with them so why try . 
   there are others as well . 
  all of them agree in basically one thing - if you `` allow '' incest on a general basis , society tends to fall apart . 
  and you found their reasoning so convincing ? 
  which books did you read that provided a counter argument ? 
   man and a woman have a male child , child grows up , wants to mate with his mother , kills the father ( or vice-versa , of course ) . 
  it tends to create some mess . 
  well , all relationships have the potential to end in some mess ( including murder ) . 
  do you have any statistics showing that incestuous relationships to be less successful than other relationships ( whether straight or gay ) ? 
  because if not , you 're advocating banning a subset of human relationships that could otherwise be beneficial for the individuals and society in general . 
  but why should incest be regulated ? 
  may i ask why you do n't think a brother and sister should be able to marry each other ? 
  meh , not at that age . 
  so , not only do you not have any evidence , you also do n't understand what the word `` evidence '' means . 
  and i 'm not the slightest bit surprised . 
  and do you have evidence of this ? 
  can you point to one western european country where the idea that adults should be able to have sex with kids is even remotely accepted ? 
  why is the result so different in the czech republic ? 
  was czechoslovakia always strongly divided culturally ? 
  so everyone should have the same rights unless you 've done something to harm society in which case some of those rights can be taken away for a time . 
  how does being gay harm society ? 
   do you think brother and sister should be able to marry each other ? 
  if they are consenting adults and understand that any children they have may have an increased chance of genetic diseases ( less of an issue now as we are getting better at screening for genetic illnesses ) , then why the heck not ? 
  what would your answer to the question be ? 
  generational traditions take a long time to break , generally . 
  as long as the incidence of genital mutilation is decreasing year-on-year , we 're heading in the right direction . 
  sure , but we are talking about * routine * removal of a body part . 
  all people that do it do so for traditional reasons . 
  oh , so that 's the reason fgm is allowed ? 
  / s look , not everything is about `` teh mooslims '' . 
  i did read that as of a few years ago its incidence had dropped to less than 50 % of new-borns . 
  still too high , but at least it 's heading in the right direction . 
  proudest day of my life . 
  you sound like you 're in your 90s . 
  putin : `` what you have got to remember is that we never saw stannis die so there is always a chance that he 'll come back as azor ahai . '', 
  merkel : { rolls eyes }, 
  `` protecting the borders of our civilization '' describes the function of every military on the planet . 
  how do you know ? 
  they both speak german and russian . 
  the public can actually [ walk over the top of it . 
  ] ( http://l7.alamy.com/zooms/3c487663292449e78b926184d33e6c9c/parliament-house-capital-hill-canberra-act-australia-aerial-bbypwk.jpg ) the symbolism being that those in government are n't above the people they represent . 
  with 2,987 members , by some margin i expect . 
  okay , i get it . 
  you will never admit that male genital mutilation is abominable . 
  for whatever reason , there will always be a disconnect in your mind about cutting boys genitals and girls genitals . 
  you really are something else . 
  okay , name a surgical procedure that can be done on a female baby 's genitals that causes less harm than circumcision of a male baby 's penis . 
  that would still be fgm . 
  you think fgm is abominable and should be punished with jail . 
  why do you not think that the more harmful procedure carried out on the male baby is not abominable ? 
   condoning one and not the other would be hypocritical it would be , and i do commend you on being consistent . 
  problem is that in being consistent , you have concluded that type iv female genital mutilation is something that you consent to having done to your daughter . 
  you do n't seem to regard that as a problem though , so there 's not really anything else i can say . 
   have a good day and goodbye . 
  you too . 
  congratulations , i guess . 
  you 're the first person i 've encountered who would condone fgm . 
  both fgm and mgm vary in severity . 
  but can i just clarify : now you know that removal of the clitoral hood is the same severity as removal of the foreskin , you would be okay with your baby daughter having the procedure done to her ? 
  do you even know what the clitoral hood is ? 
  it 's is a flap of skin over the clitoris , as the foreskin is a flap of skin over the penis . 
  they are essentially the same cells . 
  if a fetus is female , it develops into the clitoral hood ; if male , it develops into the foreskin . 
  removing either causes harm to an equivalent degree ( though removing the foreskin does involve removing more skin ) . 
  now you are aware of that , are you really saying that removing one is abominable and worthy of jail-time and the other is n't ? 
  can you not see how hypocritical your position is ??? 
  well , it 's as damaging as removing the foreskin . 
  the clitoral hood is a flap of skin over the clitoris , as the foreskin is a flap of skin over the penis . 
  if you are okay with the removal of one , i would expect you to be okay with the removal of the other . 
   long story short , there 's no comparing them from a medical standpoint . 
  not at all . 
  there is no comparing cutting off the clitoral hood to cutting off the foreskin from a medical standpoint ??? 
  they are homologous !!, 
  i have to wonder why you are putting in so much effort into avoiding answering my question , which i will ask again : if you consider cutting off the clitoral hood an abomination that should be punished by jail-time , do you consider cutting off the foreskin to be equally abominable and worthy of similar punishment ? 
  so you would n't allow her to have your daughter 's clitoral hood cut off ? 
  why ? 
  she was okay with it happening to her . 
  you would be okay if she wanted to have your son 's foreskin cut off because you were okay with it happening to you .
