i have to say , i 'm curious where you lived for three years that you can say that . 
  i 'm not disagreeing , there are some shit parts of the country . 
  i 've had some depressing meals in france too , it really depends on where you are . 
  i agree on the chains , if you did n't venture away from them i can understand your opinions . 
  lol , someone is showing there ignorance . 
  british food was truly awful after the second world war until well into the eighties due to rationing and the resulting effects of it . 
  literally the country forgot how to cook properly . 
  some of the shit my mother fed to me was scary with hindsight . 
  plus every restaurant had the same fucking menu , with such delights as fresh orange juice as a starter because it was so `` rare '' . 
  our reputation at that point was deserved tbh . 
  nowadays though british food is very good . 
  as a people we are far more fussy about what we eat than we used to be . 
  because they are ignorant of the real facts about marriage that women/society like to brush under the carpet . 
  just like you said you were . 
  it 's the reason the rates of men wanting to marry are plummeting . 
  everybody is all in favour of building more houses in the uk and they loudly condemn the government for its inability to do so . 
  right up until the point there is a proposal to build houses anywhere near where they live . 
  then they are out en masse to decry the `` evil housing developers '' and their malicious profiteering plans to build houses nearby . 
  i saw a typical photo in a local newspaper with a mother and her young kids standing in a field saying `` where will my children play ?? 
  oh the horror ! '' . 
  she never stopped to think where will they live when they are grown up . 
  you see , this exemplifies everything that brits hate about the eu . 
  we have this great idea to get on with our cousins in australia , canada , nz etc. 
  and then some eu technocrat bore comes along and wants to piss all over it with unnecessary rules . 
  just shut up and let us do our thing , 
  i think the brexit stuff has got a lot of people touchy and nationalistic here . 
  good idea . 
  we 'll start with you lot  our first act : destroy the second amendment . 
  our second act : burn your dictionaries . 
  he is right . 
  it is a standard tactic by the left to try to silence discourse on any subject they do n't agree with by branding it racist/sexist whatever . 
  it has been extremely damaging in the uk because a large number of people have felt they have been unable to express their feelings for fear of being branded a bigot , which just stifles the issue and does nothing to solve it . 
  god i love that stuff . 
  i was in portugal for two weeks and dined somewhere different every night . 
  i could n't help but order peri-peri chicken every night and was surprised how different it was each time . 
  could n't have said this better . 
  there is nothing more guaranteed to get a brit to do the opposite than a politician from france threatening them . 
  i read the article and thought that the french must really want us to leave . 
  given the track record of the euro can you really blame us ? 
  the reason we did n't join the euro was because gordon brown wanted far more synchronisation of the various currencies ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/five_economic_tests ) . 
  it was not just to annoy the hell out of you all . 
  time has served to show he was mostly correct in his judgement . 
  the problem now is while you are setting about forming the banking union necessary to make the euro function better , it should have been set up like that in the first place . 
  and now the euro has functioned so poorly from our perspective , the prospect of convincing a majority of those in the uk to join is currently slim to none . 
  this is deranged thinking . 
  just look at the us . 
  most states have differing laws on a wide variety of issues . 
  they are so distrustful of the federal government that they maintain the right to bear arms so they an overthrow it again if need be . 
  yet they still function as a collective . 
  it 's your kind of thinking that causes a lot of the mistrust and desire to leave the eu that we see in the uk . 
  this whole thing is a joke because those things they sell in tesco are so far from a decent croissant they should call them something else . 
  i suggest `` shitbun '' . 
  i have very fond memories of visiting spain in the 80 's . 
  so much this . 
  in the last two years germany has had to pay massively to keep the euro going and now have let in a stunning number of migrants and are only at the beginning of the problems that will cause . 
  i think the bitterness towards the uk staying out of these things is that we are being proven correct and are not sharing the pain . 
  this article is the embodiment of why trump won but the author is so blinded by his own virtue signalling he can not see it . 
  it depends what the issue is , you need to give some context . 
  in my experience scandinavians speak english better than the english . 
  yeah , sausage and mash is a classic main meal in the uk . 
  it 's nothing like a fried breakfast though , other than there being sausages . 
  i can hear the yorkshireman that downvoted you raging at his keyboard for that suggestion . 
  it 's mostly a `` treat '' if you are on holiday or something . 
  noone over the age of 40 could sit down to one of them every day and live . 
  nationalism is the reaction to the overly left wing politics of the last decade . 
  people are sick to the back teeth of being called racist , xenophobic or whatever simply for airing views that put the population of their own countries first . 
  the left has tried to silence dissenting views all over politics not by weight of their arguments but by labelling people and then drowning out any conversation at all . 
  it is natural that in the face of this a lot of people take the opposite extreme view . 
  i think you give them too much credit . 
  yes . 
  / runs, 
  i 'm surprised there is any left to export in the first place . 
  is that you again farage ? 
  czechout made me laugh . 
  i voted remain but i can confirm that the abysmal response to recent crises from the eu was a significant reason for some people voting out , my parents among them . 
  at a time when there needed to be co-operation and joined up thinking , the eu made the un security council look decisive . 
  they have turkey next door . 
  it should n't be hard to believe . 
  uk joining efta might help with that , given we already operate those laws anyway ( arguably more than some eu countries ) . 
  thats the advantage of fptp . 
  it rarely gives weak governments that need coalition to push through an agenda . 
  the disadvantage is if that agenda blows . 
  i like to think of it another way . 
  as home secretary she has access to all of the surveillance and data from mi5 and the other security services . 
  it is pretty scary to me to think of the level of stuff she must have been informed about that would lead to her advocating that level of surveillance of british citizens . 
  do n't get me wrong , i am not in favour of any form of `` snoopers charter '' . 
  i just bet she was n't either before she became a politician . 
  makes you think . 
  i actually think she is one of the better politicians available to us at this time . 
  she is not flashy and emotive and got to this position on the back of hard work , being pretty ruthless when needed and winning the respect of her fellow politicians through strong leadership of her governmental department . 
  she is the longest running home secretary ever , it kills off most people in a couple of years . 
  i am not sure that is true . 
  she has started out with a hard line because as a remainer she can not be seen to be weak on the expectations that leavers have . 
  however , i am more hopeful that she can find some common ground between all parties than a purely brexit candidate could . 
  there are a lot of english voters who wish she was willing to lead the whole of the uk and not just scotland . 
  i 'd rather they were tried for treason . 
  i 'm probably wrong but i think i read somewhere it is the last of our laws that carries a death penalty . 
  please remember this guy stood for parliament in a seat of his choosing and still lost . 
  not many like him here and he certainly does n't speak for us . 
  it 's a sad reflection of the utter disregard most of the uk has for the european parliament that he was elected .
