  most of his votes would have been won on the back of it being funny to send him there at the time . 
  i 'm sad to say i thought it pretty funny at the time myself . 
  noone is laughing now . 
  we are going to have this for a long time now . 
  every country has racists but to the eu 52 % of the uk is i guess . 
  i 've just been to my local polish store for this very reason . 
  people who say this have such a fundamental lack of basic economics its scary . 
  thanks for the non-answer . 
  `` all that happened '' was an idiotic referendum took place . 
  why ? 
  genuinely curious why you think that . 
  try living in it :(, 
  the eu are currently yelling at us to leave . 
  cameron 's delay is pretty much a last ditch gamble . 
  so long as article 50 is not invoked this can still be changed . 
  the remain camp was fucked when cameron got nothing from the eu . 
  he needed something to build a campaign around but the total stonewalling he received played very badly in the uk . 
  a lot of voters when interviewed cited that as the point they decided to vote leave . 
  i would n't be surprised if this happens . 
  i 'm fairly certain that if the vote was rerun tomorrow remain would win by quite a margin . 
  i think a lot of remain voters did n't bother because they thought it was a foregone conclusion . 
  me too . 
  i still feel like someone is going to tell me this was a joke or something . 
  hey i voted remain, 
  it 's a pity we did n't have this introspection six months ago when we suggested it . 
  if we did then i would n't be miserable and posting from a country about to leave . 
  why does it always take someone to die or some huge event to get politicians to get their collectively useless heads out of the sand ? 
  we are n't divorcing portugal . 
  i 've got golf to play and tasty chicken to eat . 
  your joking . 
  we can spot poles a mile off , coming out of their polish delicatessen . 
  this is basically the first test i apply before i do anything . 
  i am currently fostering two romanian children aged 4 and 5 after they were religiously beaten by their roma parents . 
  god knows what will happen to them now . 
  i 'm pretty miserable this morning . 
  i 'm also angry but not at the people who voted leave . 
  i 'm angry at the politicians in britain and the eu that have let this happen through their arrogance . 
  the only surprise for me and other british people is that their is any surprise from the eu this happened . 
  trump and leave are two sides of the same coin . 
  an arrogant political class not listening to the working class voters and dismissing anything they say as stupid , racist , sexist , anythingist . 
  people are sick and tired of not being listened to and are at a point where voting for chaos will at least be some kind of change . 
  it 's like neglected children breaking things just so they get shouted at . 
  at least they are being noticed then . 
  it 's one thing to vote for a government for one term . 
  it 's another to be voting for leaving the eu when in all likelihood you will be dead by the time they manage to finish untangling the mess . 
  it 's purely the total number of votes that counts . 
  the votes just come in batches that are counted by the various districts . 
  i visit the us a lot and i am firmly convinced your newscasters are basically unaware there is a world beyond us borders . 
  west dorset vote to leave !!, 
  you can thank me later . 
  right off , 
  it 's simple . 
  we asked for some changes . 
  you laughed and told us to fuck off . 
  we fucked off . 
  to be fair , it was flooded in places . 
  just the beginning . 
  based sunderland solely responsible for the pound dropping 3 % in 60 seconds . 
  uk isnt the most eurosceptic . 
  `` despite britain teetering on the edge of brexit , polling suggests it may not be the most eurosceptic state in the eu . 
  a poll of 10,000 europeans across 10 countries by pew research earlier this year found that a majority of people felt unfavourably towards the union in both greece ( 71 % ) and france ( 61 % ) . 
  spain also had a higher proportion of unfavourable people ( 49 % ) than the uk ( 48 % ) did . '', 
  a quick look back at / r/europe around the time of the `` negotiations '' and everyone was pretty much `` we know there are problems with the eu but get fucked britain '' . 
  eu politicians were the same . 
  cameron badly needed some sort of plausible deal to build a remain campaign around . 
  the eu gave him nothing and the leave campaign have been ruling the conversation in the uk ever since . 
  i have just voted to remain . 
  i am very concerned it was a wasted vote speaking to friends and colleagues . 
  the eu smirked and called our bluff when we asked for some changes . 
  now we 're going to find the majority of the uk was not bluffing . 
  we will probably end up with a federal europe . 
  but short of some great war or other uniting catastrophe the process is going to take generations . 
  certainly not in any of our lifetimes . 
  trying to run before we can walk is what causes such huge resentment with many people . 
  it 's hardly `` predicting '' . 
  french farmers will always riot . 
  this . 
  a large number of the british would be pro-eu if honest discussions were held about the problems the eu has . 
  rather than constantly hiding the flaws behind a screen of frantic flag waving . 
  all comedy goes down better to its intended audience . 
  clearly that joke when uttered was not intended for / r/europe or your sensitive ears . 
  the joke is a dark one but it 's funny because it has the faintest ring of truth about it . 
  just ask anyone from greece , i 'm sure they 'll get it . 
  exactly this . 
  the article was way off . 
  i 'll be voting remain but assuming the uk stays in the eu you can expect the uk to be even more disruptive . 
  the eu is a shitshow right now and badly needs reforming . 
  everyone seems to understand it , even the author , but nothing ever happens . 
  i 'm guessing the downvotes stem from the idea that a country is incapable of setting standards for itself and the eu has ridden in and collectively saved us all from ourselves . 
  you are talking as if a lot of this is n't planned by them in advance . 
  we initially voted to join the eec . 
  we have never voted to join the eu . 
  if we were only still talking about a common market then we would not be having a vote now as noone has any problem with the eu as a trading block . 
  it 's everything since maastricht that 's been the problem . 
  that was n't what he said . 
  british champagne probably . 
  it wins a lot of awards nowadays anyway . 
  thanks global warming , 
  he is being funny . 
  not nearly as funny as the people who take comments like that seriously though .
