  i 'm not sure they needed that referendum for that , i do n't doubt that the majority of the electorate would be opposed to turkey joining . 
  ( many already oppose ( d ) current members )  ... but referenda have the large problem that people vote against current politics instead of for/against the real issue . 
  then the question is what the exact problem is . 
  is that the reason the people do n't like current politics , or the fact that people do n't like current politics ? 
   they are useless . 
  only if you think the ` hate ' against current politics is useless , because either you like current politics , or do n't care about what people think , not if you hate the reasons people hate current politics . 
  i believe they could actually be useful in the process of closing the enormous gap between current politics and the electorate currently present in the netherlands . 
  and yes you have a valid point that many people will simply vote against current politics , this also presents the incentive to political parties to try and reconnect themselves to ( a portion of ) the electorate . 
   if they build a whole new city in the safe zone they get to keep it after the war is over ... that sounds like a nice idea . 
  only you 'll need everybody on board , assad as well as putin , without exception . 
  last time the us sold the safe zone out to serbia , that can not happen again . 
  and with such a precedent , i understand some politicians are weary to try this again . 
  direct referenda . 
  we 've had 1 referendum in 200 years , and you where n't even eligible to vote back then . 
  you do n't know what a direct referendum is , you only know you hate the opinion of other people when they do n't allign with yours . 
   america 's ... food ... . is unbeatable because you have n't been standing too close to a windmill lately have you ? 
    i 'm a big fan of multiculturalism . 
  it 's just that it 's different in the us , europe is already far more diverse and multicultural than the us , it 's also more densily populated . 
   short term it 's not exactly short term . 
  in 1950 , queen juliana in her annual throne speech said the netherlands is full , and there should be no more people . 
  we then had 10 million citizens . 
  in 1979 she repeated the netherlands is full , while adding partially too full . 
  she even advised people to emigrate to canada . 
  we then had 14 million citizens . 
  a population growth of 40 % in 29 years . 
  in 2000 pim fortuyn , one of the leading politicians at the time , said the netherlands is full and we should suspend the refugee convention and close our borders . 
  we then had 15,9 million people . 
  despite pim fortuyn being publicly murdered , his party won the election . 
  in 2015 many people still have the same opinion , we now have 17 million people , and an annual net population growth of 100.000 . 
  do n't pretend as if you have any idea what you 're talking about , nobody ever listened to what the people wanted , that 's not a democracy , not even a complex one , and a political opinion over the course of 67 years is * not * ` short term ' . 
  neither is it populist . 
  if you take one km by one km of land in the netherlands , you would have an average of 408 people living there . 
  what the hell are we to do with tens of thousands of new people here ? 
  i think we have enough here , and there are dozens of countries with seas of land available . 
   maybe some of them would be happy if they had a safe zone at least ? 
  they have , in jordan , turkey and lebanon . 
  she has probably not forgotten about srebrenica , and knows full well that a safe zone will not be succesfull unless it enjoys full political and military support of all contenders . 
  srebrenica was given away by the us and some allies because of politics , could happen again . 
  it would be dangerous to create a political pawn in the form of lots of unarmed people . 
  i see the propaganda train is in full speed , i 've yet to find a european country with a non-controlled press , so far i have n't found one . 
  not yet , leaving the eu does n't solve anything , we are not the problem , other countries are . 
  we should push for dismantling pieces of the eu to prevent future conflicts in europe , not leave europe to its fate . 
   i lost fate in direct referenda a long time ago . 
  you do n't even know what it is . 
  they have n't killed 6 million gypsies yet , perhaps you should tone down a few notches . 
  in germany , luckily we 're not all germans . 
  we where doing just fine in the era of nationalism , would have been prosperous had the british not barricaded the sea in the first half of the 19th century , but we where able to remain at peace , until the germans invaded us . 
  though we 've never had the kind of nationalism the germans or italians had . 
   efta perfect , would vote for it . 
  cyprus ? 
  i do n't want the eu to have any political influence or power . 
  i want it to be nothing more than a free trade zone and open border area , and a platform for voluntary cooperation between memberstates . 
  i would rather not see an eu seat at all . 
  there has been talks about changing/expanding the unsc . 
  i 'm sure some changes will be made in the future . 
  one of the ideas i 've heard of was sharing a permanent seat with belgium on an expanded unsc . 
   the popular opinion is n't often in the best interest . 
  who decides what is in the best interest ? 
  when is it anschluss time again ? 
  belgium is n't completely similar to the netherlands , it 's however leagues closer to us than germany . 
  might as well be a political statement after the east refused the refugee quota 's . 
  in 2014 we spent 7,2 billion on the military , and 78 billion on social security . 
  ( excluding healthcare ) extrapolated to the us by means of population , that would be roughly 140 billion on the military and 1.560 billion on social security . 
  fun fact , the british and french defence budget combined is equal to the dutch social security budget . 
  ( excluding healthcare ), 
  no , not germany . 
  belgium without a doubt . 
  yes it is , though they 've been pushing for a permanent seat too . 
  is this strange though ? 
  they do it often , it seems our pm has asked the king to accompany the delegation to support the bid , it is special that he 's at the un with the dutch delegation . 
  in the speech that king willem-alexander gave monday at the united nations general assembly ( un ) called for a dutch seat in the security council . 
  , , we are intensely motivated to serve the entire international community at the un as a partner in peace , justice and development , '' said the king . 
  \u00a9 reuters . 
  willem-alexander went in his speech among other things , the importance of the united nations and the contribution of the netherlands to the un in the areas of peace , justice and development . 
  he talked about mali , where the netherlands is participating in the un military mission , and he said that they were proud of the international criminal court in the hague . 
  according to the king are all points that show that the netherlands is involved and therefore deserves a place in the security council . 
  candidate the king is the first dutch king in the seventy anniversary of the un which speaks to this meeting . 
  the moment of the speech of the king is not accidental . 
  the netherlands has been a candidate for a temporary seat on the un security council for the period 2017-2018 . 
  for western europe , two areas of the five temporary seats available . 
  italy and sweden are also in the race to occupy the seats . 
  the netherlands has had a seat on the security council for 5 times in the history of the un . 
  the netherlands believes that the un security council , , more clear can occur in severe , widespread atrocities , '' said the king . 
  , , more reticence in pronouncing vetoes helps . '', 
  \u00a9 reuters . 
  violence should never predominate . 
  injustice hurts like an open wound . 
  king willem-alexander mh17 furthermore , the king said that all countries should work to identify those responsible for the plane crash with mh17 and justice . 
  the king called on to carry out the un resolution about mh17 . 
  , , violence should never predominate . 
  injustice hurts like an open wound . 
  netherlands mourns still have our loved ones from the mh17-disaster . '', 
  minister bert koenders ( foreign affairs ) responded that the netherlands with the speech has made it clear that the netherlands is right to want what happened to mh17 . 
  malaysia airlines flight mh17 was on july 17 last year probably brought down by a missile . 
  in addition , all 298 people on board were killed , including 196 dutch . 
  legitimacy the legitimacy of the security council stands by the king under pressure . 
  , , a security council which part of the world will recognize inadequate , its essential function as an international center where peace and security are monitored and conflicts are defused not perform well . 
  in particular , africa is under-represented . 
  but the voice of other regions and countries are not sufficiently heard . 
  that needs to be altered , '' stressed king willem-alexander .
