could be inter-religion violence of muslims who do n't agree with each other ( most of the islamic violence is aimed at muslims , not at non-muslims ) . 
  could also be a foolish act by some petulant teenagers though , or some othe reason . 
   still would take a lot of people to destroy european culture . 
  it does n't have to be destroyed for people to worry about it , it might damage european societies , which is enough for people to worry about . 
   it 's not like literally all of syria is coming . 
  80 % aren ; t syrian though . 
  and of those 20 % , many have fake syrian passports . 
  at this point hundred thousands of people from all over the world , from pakistan to ivory coast , and from bangladesh to mali , come to europe . 
   it 's a few million at best . 
  hard to say , it has just began , we could be looking at tens of millions over the coming year , or we could be looking at some millions , it all depends what happens in the near future . 
   unless they want to import liquid gas from norway and us , norway has pipes linked to us . 
  no need to liquify it . 
   but `` hello '' is not going to pay to airlift troops and ammunition . 
  they actually have a strategic airlift . 
  might sound odd for an european , as only britain has that kind of ability in europe besides russia , but i wo n't foresee any issues there . 
  i 'm sure they can put fuel in these already operating planes . 
  in the case of europe this is harder , since we need to borrow us planes to move equipment , like the french in mali . 
  they , however can bring in all sorts of equipment by air or sea . 
  seeing as they have bases , support of the government , and the coast of syria is relatively secure , they do n't need a fraction of the capacity the us needed to set up shop . 
  most of the cities they 're fighting in do n't require a lot of leveling anymore . 
  but yes they can project and sustain that , unlike europe in libya , they wo n't run out of munitions . 
  that 's just wishful thinking though , russia has one of the most powerful armed forces in the world , despite not resembling the former ussr anymore . 
  they wo n't run out of breath any time soon . 
  we have enough experts to put a lander on a comet in outer space , i 'm sure we can find some people familiar with particular languages . 
  and will remain , since the eu will need to import * more * gas in the near future . 
  they should not allow it while its illegal , and in the meantime revise the taxi law . 
  `` he is being mean ! '', 
  is no reason to break the law , and you know it . 
  there seems to be a lot of gas in the region there , also around cyprus , and recently they found some in egyption waters i believe . 
  it could indeed possibly become a route to europe with gas from egypt , israel , cyprus and greece . 
  i do n't think russia cares a lot about that though , one of the largest internal suppliers of gas in europe is the netherlands , and despite still having the largest gas reserves in the eu , we 're closing of and becoming a net importer from 2030/2040 on . 
  our exports are already falling , because production has been decreased this year due to earth quakes . 
  currently we 're delivering on our promised gas exports by importing more from russia . 
   uber provides a significantly better service for the consumer . 
  one of the reasons is that they do n't pay taxes and drivers are n't insured . 
  do you think this is better for society ? 
  i agree the taxi law needs an overhaul , but uber needs to pay taxes and get proper insurance for its drivers at the very least . 
  i would n't mind if firms that do n't want to pay taxes , insurance or adhere to regulatory measures to stay out of europe . 
  in fact i would prefer if they did , we 're better of without them . 
   its main purpose is tax evasion , ... also insurance evasion . 
  uberpop drivers are uninsured , which might spare some euro 's , until you hit something or somebody . 
  it is allowed to ` carpool ' ( letting people drive with you when you need to be somewhere anyway , and sharing in the cost ) anykind of this behaviour with a commercial character is called ` snorren ' , or a ` snorder ' . 
  without registration at the tax service , a taxi license , and commercial insurance , this is illegal . 
  that 's incorrect , uber is a taxi service . 
  and to run a taxi service , one needs a taxi license , tax registration , commercial insurance and some other measures . 
  while using uberpop , the driver is not insured , all damages inflicted by an accident will be his to bare , he 's also infringing on the taxi law with carries fines from 500 euro up to 10.000 euro ( depending on number of strikes ) and confiscation of the vehicle . 
  i can easily tell wether a dutch person comes from the west , south or north of the country . 
  i 'm sure other languages are not that different . 
  not with these things around indeed . 
  they 're meant as a threat or statement , perhaps also to israel and turkey . 
  nothing . 
  the us has noticed the russians have moved state of the art anti-air to latakia , among which sa-15 tor systems , as well as advanced air to air jets . 
  they 're not meant for rebels . 
  bribes , local manufacturing , acquiring/sharing knowledge , involvement in future developments/procurements , low prices ( in the case of the netherlands , saab was willing to provide a fixed price in advance ) i do n't know the specifics about the deal , not that into swiss and swedish politics . 
  could very well be , these kind of procurements are often political . 
  according to the report though , it was unsatisfactory on all criteria . 
  the dussault rafale came out as the most capable plane for their demands , followed by the ef typhoon . 
   like opposing the european quota as far as i understand it , hungary does n't oppose quota 's , they only oppose it without any further policies . 
  in which they are again right , just shipping these refugees all over europe is n't solving anything , and only creating more problems . 
  now look at the amount of land both have to defend . 
  we still have a far stronger navy , which is the most important component for us . 
  actually the governing party has been supporting an overhaul of the taxi law to make way for \u00dcber . 
  however currently they 're exploiting criminal activities , and they should stop with that . 
  they should suspend their illegal activities and talk to the government , and the government needs to talk with both \u00dcber and the taxi industry , to create an innovative fair market between them , on equal footing . 
  until then , let them raid offices , hand out fines , and take the cars of people doing this . 
  we live under the rule of law , everybody must follow the laws , that includes \u00fcber . 
   if you put just a few thousand american troops there , americans could trade them of again . 
  i 'm not afraid of engagement happening , i 'm afraid of a second srebrenica . 
  americans did it before , together with the french , i 've no reason to believe they would n't do it again . 
  the us and france where among others responsible for air support . 
  but the us gave srebrenica to the serbian troops in a political deal , and the french general in command promised to not give air support in exchange for french hostages the serbians held . 
  heavy weapons where taken away for the contingency in advance , the area was locked up before the serbians arrived , soldiers on leave could n't return to their stations , supplies could n't reach the troops . 
  in the end they where standing with unarmed apc 's opposit to mbt 's . 
  the french general refused air support , because he had made a deal for french hostages held by the serbians , the us gave the area away as part of a political settlement . 
  the dutch troops where completely defenseless by the time the serbians arrived . 
  the only air support that came where dutch f16 's , but they where n't allowed to engage . 
  hope [ this one ] ( https://www.google.nl/search?q=swiss+gripen+chart&amp;biw=2144&amp;bih=1055&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0cayq_auoawovchmi_8a0lr6eyaivbxbych1j8glt&amp;dpr=0.9#imgrc=enti8c86lg24hm%3a ) works , not exactly a favourite . 
  your information on the finnish airforce is also incorrect , according to major general lauri puranen ;  `` these five fighters are eurofighter , french dassault rafale , american boeing super hornet or lockheed martin jsf f-35 , and swedish jas gripen , '' the major general said . 
  `` all of these are possible and we do n't have a favorite . '', 
  i 'm sorry , i ca n't link to sources because automoderator removes some links . 
  the swiss have done some extensive research for their possible procurement , they concluded the gripen was unsatisfactory on all criteria , and inferior to an f18 c/d . 
  if you google it you should be able to find the charts . 
  no they wo n't , a gripen would have hit the ground in several pieces before it comes even close . 
   they 're way more modern than f-16 's . 
  i do n't think that 's the case . 
  denmark has one of the most advanced f16 's fleets . 
  same block as the us fleet if i recall correct . 
  you 're not europe . 
   we will invent new jobs all the time . 
  we will , though not necessarily linear , but these jobs will require particular qualifications and constant education . 
  these are not easily filled with non-western immigrants/refugees , especially as long as we have too much workers in europe , and too little jobs . 
  it might seem sweden has a lot of planes , but these gripens are n't 1:1 comparable to the danish f16 's or finnish f18 's . 
   look what robots did 50 years ago and what they are doing now . 
  do we have less jobs ? 
  absolutely . 
  just look at a modern car factory . 
  and the industrial jobs not replaced by automation have moved to the east . 
  we have no need for labour in europe , in fact we have too much labour capacity which we ca n't utilize , and this will not change any time soon . 
   because the eu constitution referendum did n't happen . 
  * we 've had 1 referendum in 200 years , ... *  and it did n't get misused to say we do n't want turkey in the eu .
