  , , it 's not always the loudest voices proclaiming the deepest truth . 
  often they are just small countries which show us the right path . '', 
  lot of political , diplomatic and military cooperation , even sharing delegations and ideas of sharing a seat in the un . 
  also culturally , linguistically and historically the closest region . 
  latinos do n't come from spain , so that 's irrelevant . 
  we can send them back to wherever they came from , we have ways for them to accept them back in many cases . 
  otherwise we can jail them until we do . 
  not sure about the human cost you are refering too , obviously they did n't flee violence , they are violence . 
  as such if they would die by violence , i wo n't mourn their passing . 
  in fact i believe the world would be a slightly better place if they did . 
  and once they 're gone , we have more capacity for good people in need of help . 
   the answer is that we can not . 
  we can not just dump them on libya 's coasts ` ca n't ' lies in the graveyard , next to ` will not ' . 
  what immigration ? 
  immigration from eastern europe ? 
  immigration from asia ? 
  immigration from africa ? 
  and refugees are n't immigrants . 
  non-western immigration is a net drain on society [ 1 ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/11209234/immigration-from-outside-europe-cost-120-billion.html ) , refugees even more so . 
  western immigrants are a benefit to societies . 
  so saying immigration is good is incorrect , immigration is n't good in terms of economics , some forms of immigration are good . 
  refugees from the current regions are not good for the economy , they cost a lot of money , far more than they produce in their lifetime . 
  which should be no surprise , we help refugees out of charity , not for economic gain . 
  oops , forgot to multiply it by a 100 , i 'll edit it . 
  i 'm not particularly concerned with the destination . 
  the further away the better . 
  best option might be the country he came from . 
  we can do it the easy way or the hard way . 
  some hand - and foot cuffs and he 'll only be causing trouble for himself . 
  tech-startups is a very small market in europe , not worth mentioning when talking about macroeconomics . 
  in 2014 the entire tech startup market in the netherlands recieved a whopping 500 million dollar in investment , which is roughly * 0,0625 % * of our gdp . 
  and the average age of the people working in the financial industry is [ 42,6 ] ( http://statline.cbs.nl/statweb/publication/?vw=t&amp;dm=slnl&amp;pa=80832ned&amp;la=nl ) , which is above average . 
  the graph indicates most young people work in restaurants , sales and it . 
  with a uk passports you can work and live anywhere in the eea/eu as long as you can take care of yourself . 
  from iceland to greece , and from guadaloupe to the baltics . 
   but what about when one group attacks the other ? 
  ` there 's the hole of the door , the next plane is yours . ', 
   how russians are discriminated in the baltics . 
  is n't that the case though ? 
  it would be better to stay honest about the situation , and do n't keep up pretending as we somehow gain something economically with refugees . 
  refugees is charity work , they cost us more than they gain . 
  and there 's nothing wrong with that , as long as we remain honest to each other . 
  except there is n't work for them , and we 've so far been unable to create work for our own youth . 
   and also solve our demographics issue because most migrants are younger than the average of the countries they 're seeking asylum in . 
  it wo n't solve any demographic issues , young people are expensive and have little to offer in the modern economy . 
  people in their 30s/40s are in their economic prime . 
  most of the refugees may be young , they 're still too old to learn much . 
   it was our former president that fled , because his position became untenable , partially caused by the eu handing out deadlines . 
  they should n't have pushed an instable situation around like that , also these ep members chanting to the crowd , that was outrageous . 
  i fully understand the russian response , it was not a show of strength , it was a show of weakness , and real leaders could have prevented pushing putin in a corner like that . 
  a cornered cat makes strange jumps as they say around here . 
   as this will make a blow to ukrainian economy . 
  is n't that true though ? 
  i understand russia is n't a paradise on earth , but it is n't as great an evil as some people make it out to be either . 
  i think russia would helped ukraine had it needed it or asked for it , especially in a situation where the eu would have negotiated with russia to come to a concensus on ukraine , small step towards the eu for ukraine , while the eu gives something to russia . 
  nothing wrong with that , and it might have gained us a better relation with an important neighbour . 
   but now we have a chance to develop in a democratic way . 
  do n't get your hopes up , the eu is n't all that democratic , and besides janoekovitsj fleeing , there wasn ; t a lot of change in the ukranian government as far as i 'm aware . 
  you wo n't develop in a democratic way as long as most of the people responsible for the current political situation still have their asses on nice seats . 
   it 's more about ukraine and russia , which would like to keep ukraine under control i do n't think russia wanted to keep ukraine under control , it did want to keep crimea under control , because that 's just russian anyway . 
  instead of throwing around deadlines and riling up the masses , the eu could have pushed for a real referendum in crimea and the donbass . 
  if these people wanted to stay with russia , they could become part of it , independent , or some very loose form of federation . 
  if western/central ukraine would have joined the eu without these regions , we could have been happy and proud too , as it would be an improvement to the current situation . 
  i agree it 's the right thing to do . 
  as for assad , sometimes the choice is a lesser evil . 
  we 're not in hollywood , there is n't going to be a president throwing around bouquets of flowers any time soon in syria . 
  i rather see assad as president , than some islamic totalitarian hot head . 
   i hold it accountable for the solution that 's an unrealistic expectation , and unrealistic expectations will generally disappoint you . 
   even the anglo-french intervention in libya has been proven inconsequential considering parallels in syria . 
  we do n't have the means for it to become consequential , neither do we have the unity to come even close . 
   that even our attempts at violence fail to have an effect . 
  so did those of the us , which has a multitude of the capacity we have to do something . 
  or well , everything has an effect , just not the desired one . 
   and that lack of consequence is our burden to have , the result of our actions , not something outside our control . 
  ` our ' seems misplaced , the eu does n't really have a foreign policy , and i think my state has done enough given its size and effort . 
  so i 'm not part of this . 
  that may be , but i have second thoughts about the opinion of a commissioner working in an organisation that has a ` human rights council ' led by a person who ` does n't want to talk about gay rights because it 's against islamic law ' . 
  perhaps they 'll at some point deserve to be taken seriously , until then , i 'm inclined to take everything from this puppet show with a boatload of salt . 
   the eu has failed in its foreign policy goals utterly , they have , however ;  ... leaving the surrounding are in a state of chaos . 
  this implies a causal relation , which it is n't . 
  the crises around us are n't our fault . 
  maybe we could have done more , maybe we could n't , maybe our goals where unrealistic , maybe they where n't . 
  just do n't pretend as if the eu is responsible for all misery around europe , if at all , it only had a part to play . 
  i did n't expect the european commission to give much thought to the dutch electorate . 
  i expected them to push it through regardless of what we do/think/want . 
  so in this context , it appears not so logical to me . 
  though in the case of a ` no ' vote they might also wait for parliament to cross the outcome to evade the blame . 
   i hope that our parliament will listen to the people 's verdict for once . 
  they probably will if they agree with the outcome , probably wo n't if they don ; t. 
  interesting , maybe it 's a widespread sentiment . 
  then again norway is a bit of a special case not being a member of the eu . 
  i 'm personally not opposed to ukraine joining the eu eventually , in fact i believe it may be a good thing , however i think the eu sleepwalked into the ukraine crisis causing a conflict with russia , i also see no harm in splitting up ukraine if that 's the will of the people . 
  but i fear that ship has long sailed , the conflict has entrenched things to much . 
  regardless , people may still vote yes in the referendum , and a victory would be a strong support to the association agreement * and * a new precedent to dutch democracy , which is pretty unfamiliar with direct democracy as opposed to some european states , which i would consider a win-win . 
  though it remains a consultation referendum , and even if voted no , i do n't expect parliament to listen to the people . 
  ( they rarily do anyway ), 
  differs no doubt , but not seeping in more billions of euro 's into a corrupt state ( if i would gues , this is the most popular one , the dutch are a frugal people ) , preventing further escalation of the conflict and leaving the doors open to a mutually beneficial solution to it . 
  a reason that should also not be overlooked is that many people probably signed the call for a referendum just to deal a blow to the eu , not necessarily for this particular agreement . 
  i 've heard a lot of people saying they did n't want any of the eastern countries in . 
  it helps considering that to some people here the eu is just a trade and border agreement , they do n't want another layer of bureaucracy , corruption or political prestige .
