the only money that could help these children is chinese money , and chinese money is not going to pay for these computers . . so what 's your point ? 
   look at lybia or syria , millions do not have basic education now and they wo n't be the ones to send people to the moon , or pay for it , so i fail to see how that 's relevant . 
   this is a long ongoing problem and we 're all responsible for letting people die . 
  everyone who dies at sea only has themselves to blame , they knew what they were getting into . 
  400 people dying is tragic , but it is neither europes fault nor responsibility . 
  do n't bother  or rather , the land you think is yours . 
  shows all about his attitude . 
  no point arguing with him . 
   he was suggesting that statistical outliers are to be ignored in society , which is a ridiculous argument . 
  a ridiculous argument is changing some of the most used words of a language so 0.018 % of the population can avoid some awkward situations . 
  do you not realise how out there that sounds ? 
  i know, 
  if it prevents them from doing what they do in the video above , it ca n't be all bad, 
  good on them, 
  so i 'm supposed to worry more about being searched at a train station than about my fellow countrymen being blown up ? 
  well ok ... 
  this assumes that a significant part of them does n't get stuck on benefits/low income due to not being able to compete with the native population . 
  it also assumes that the part that works will not do so in jobs that are made obsolete by automation in the coming decades anyway . 
  for the entire thing to be a net win for germany , this group would then need to pay for themselves , all the refugees that are currently on benefits , and all benefits and aid that was paid in the past to refugees and their children after the point where they could have been sent home . 
  only after that do they actually contribute . 
  now add to that equation the experiences that european countries have made with mena immigrants in the past and their chances to reach middle class or higher . 
  does not sound like a gamble worth taking . 
  at all . 
  they are hundreds of thousands of poor , uneducated people who do n't speak our language . 
  we will never get the billions of euros back that we spend on supporting them and eventually their children all the way through , even if they integrate and learn german . 
  we should make sure to give them any incentive we can to leave the country as soon as possible for them if we do n't want this money grave to get even bigger ... 
   we just think zero is the ideal number of brown people in our country this is not what they say . 
  they say `` we just think the ideal number of immigrants who come to our country on grounds of asylum is zero '', 
  * scrap a deal that was not beneficial for us in the first place * close land borders with generous use of fences , tear gas and water cannons * ship every migrants that arrives by sea back to the neares mena coast , no questions asked, 
  a fence sure helps more than no fence at all , so it 's still no reason for those who did even less to criticize him . . 
   i actually find there 's far more variety here than in germany really ? 
  http://www.goethe.de/ins/gb/lp/prj/mtg/typ/bro/en4539763.htm nothing against british bread , but germans are almost as big on bread as they are on beer and sausages . 
  never denied that . 
  it would have been a good thing for europe . 
  i never said it would n't cost us heavily . 
  i 'm just as opposed to it as you are . 
   the way global warming is going , we are going to see a much bigger shitstorm and much closer to home . 
  true . 
  all the more important that we learn to properly repel it right now . 
  it 's most likely true that the europe could in theory manage it . 
  still no reason to do it of course . 
  rebelling is one thing , the rebellion not getting crushed by the military is another . 
  the true question is if we should prioritise being humane over acting in our best interest . 
  of course they try to game the system , that 's what every rational person in their situation would do . 
  gaming the system will lead to the best possible outcome for the participants . 
  that 's why it 's such a failure . 
  you really think the rebels would be where they are if they had n't been trained and aided by western powers from the start ? 
   well , that ship has already sailed ... and removing assad is supposed to improve the situation ? 
  syria under assad did not cause any problems for europe for years . 
  no refugees , no isis . 
  removing the established regimes in the middle east has lead to even more instability and , by extension , problems for europe in almost all cases . 
   ( to take out the assad regime ) why the hell would we do that and risk another country falling to chaos and becoming a hotbed for terrorism and even more refugees ? 
  if the past decade has shown one thing it is that the middle east being ruled by the most repressive dictators possible is more beneficial for the west than any stupid attempts at democracy in the region . 
  oh look , a voice of reason . 
   fucks everyone else south of their borders that it has downsides does not mean that it was n't the most optimal solution at that time . 
  refugees come here because they want to reach western/northern europe . 
  denying them that and replacing the pictures on their social media of cheering germans throwing clothes at them with macedonian fences was an important step in the right direction . 
  we will not reduce the flow unless they truly believe that their perspectives in europe are bleak enough that paying a smuggler and risking your life at sea to get there is not worth it . 
  yes , this fucks over some of the southern states , and i truly feel with the european citizens in these countries . 
  but it is still necessary until there is a way to close the sea borders . 
   the only other option would be closing our borders the obvious solution would have been to talk to the v4 states and support them in closing their borders , something that works very well as reality has proven . 
  of course she instead decided to bitch endlessly about them , despite most likely being secretly just as relieved as most of the rest of europe about the closed border . 
   turkey does n't recognize their refugee status . 
  so while there are a lot of syrian refugees living there ( according to unhcr ) , they do n't actually have the legal right to live there . 
  so what ? 
  they are neither politically persecuted nor in danger of being killed , europe has no legal obligation to give a fuck . 
   no matter how tough they try to look , they 'd probably still scare me less than isis does . 
  a reasonable border policy would mean that it does n't matter what scares you less since neither determination nor desperation would help you get past fences , rubber bullets and tear gas . 
  entering europe would not be physically possible for unarmed people no matter what they happen to want . 
   lol . 
  if you say so . 
  so , would you say that the massive spike in the numbers of people coming to europe is just completely coicidental with the fact that there is a civil war in syria ? 
  you make it out as if it 's either syria or europe for these people . 
  in fact , they could stay in turkey , egypt or any other stable country in the region . 
  the difference between egypt/turkey and europe is economical in nature . 
  once they leave their region it 's no longer about fleeing from war , it 's about seeking a higher standard of living and opportunities , both is not grounds for granting asylum . 
   you guys should have thought about that when you were all busy deciding not to do anything whatsoever about the syrian crisis . 
  sufficiently fortified borders will lead to the exact same result for europe as peace in syria . 
  yeah , i couldn '' t imagine what would happen without it . 
  i mean it 's already been here for 1 year !, 
  surely germany would descend back to the middle ages if we got rid of it !, 
   so you are willing to take in refugees as long as they do n't happen to exist , or would run from countries which they have no reason to run away from . 
  got it i said i would be willing to take them , not sure what you think the fact that there currently are n't any has to do with that . 
   also german people in germany can by definition not be refugees yeah , people fleeing from east germany were n't real . 
  millions of germans being kicked out of eastern europe after ww2 also not real . 
  i would gladly take in german or european refugees , even in large numbers if necessary . 
  just not non-europeans . 
  i do n't feel the least bit responsible for them or their well being . 
  that 's the point, 
  i once thought danish and norwegian are actual languages , but when i was exposed to them i realised that one is just german spoken like a drunk person and the other is german spoken like a little child . 
  what a nicely unbiased comment, 
   i think you are overestimating the importance of the topic at that time . 
  what i was initially arguing with the op was that lucke would not have been a valid alternative for them to become as successful as they did . 
  if the topic was important at the time is n't really that relevant , i never said that the decision the party made was an informed or rational one at the time , but it nonetheless turned out to be the right one due to the political events that followed the year after . 
   they would probably have recieved roughly the same increase in polling if they continued to be critical without going into hardcore right-wing populism . 
  i do not think that is true . 
  luckes new party is doing pretty badly , and the fdp also hast a stance right of the cdu and left of the afd on the refugee issue , yet their `` mittelweg der vernunft '' did not attract a lot of voters . 
  at least compared to the afd . 
  again , i think they are going a bit too far to the right for their own good nutjobs like von storch , but i think going national conservative as their main identity was the right decision for the party . 
  maybe not the most rational one at the time it was made , but still the right one .
