  it 's you who are making the assumptions that these people , of whom only 15 % are women and children and are definitely of unknown origin , are truly refugees and will be hard-working , law-abiding citizens who will tolerate other religions and want to integrate to european society . 
  sorry about that : / my girlfriend sent me the link . 
  here , people !, 
  we got a solution !, 
   maybe there was n't a box or maybe these are the sandwiches that were left in the box . 
  or maybe it was given by christians . 
   it creates risks but i doubt that you are going to figure out who is isis and who is not just by looking at their passports anyway . 
  yeah , i 'm afriad throwing away your documents does n't really help this either . 
   what happens if 100 refugees are given 250 sandwiches ? 
  do you expect that they should eat them or carry them together with all the remaining items they have in this world ? 
  that 's why it 's important to have organised effort rather than just giving away whatever you can . 
  if they do n't need it , maybe they could pass to someone who needed it . 
  or kindly refuse it . 
  or leave in the box . 
  definitely now throwing them in the bin . 
   in some games you have this as maximum items a character can carry and sometimes you are forced to throw away perfectly good items because you have to carry something that 's more important . 
  thanks , it 's always nice to learn from kids . 
   the document thing is an action designed to circumference legal obstacles . 
  if they could just get a bus and come to europe like a normal person , they would n't be going through all that misery . 
  their trip is much more expensive and dangerous than a regular tourist trip and they do n't do this out of preference but because of lack of proper means to seek asylum in eu . 
  that does n't change the fact they you need documents , especially if you come from a country with a high security threat . 
   dispose the package of the consumed goods . 
  you mean the unconsumed sandwiches , right ? 
  and while running away , it is very important to throw away all your documents !, 
  and also , as a sign of will to integrate , refuse the help of christians , right ? 
  so the migrants will be just like our football fans , great !, 
  honestly , if someone lacks education so much that he can not operate a vending machine , i dare say we do n't really need him . 
  i see that you are from india ( from mobile , so not sure ) , most of you guys here in hungary are highly educated and welcome ( i also had one indian colleague , one of the nicest guys i met ) . 
  does that mean we need 1,000,000 uneducated indians too ? 
  nope . 
  err ... what ? 
  there is n't a single vending machine in the pictures . 
  the green one is not a vending machine , it 's a bin ... 
  came here to recommend that . 
  also , grab your popcorn : [ migrants in hungary ] ( http://9gag.com/gag/aw7mxgr ) . 
  i posted [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/vbqjqc7.png ) half a year ago or so , long before the refugee crisis , i guess it 's more relevant now . 
  scary as fuck , but talking about 250 million people desperately trying to reach europe is just not something downright impossible . 
  because they have an impression that germany is the dream land , they want to get there , they call every other countries including hungary and austria shitholes . 
  and nope , it does n't help that merkel is openly encouraging them to come . 
  however the current eu law is clear , they should register in the country they first enter ( in this case hungary ) that they refuse , they do n't have papers , they do n't have documents , we clearly do n't know who they are and thus the hungarian gov do n't want to just let them get into the eu . 
  which makes us , of course , `` nazis '' , what else . 
  the police is extremely careful with the idiot guy and his wife and the baby . 
  they are genuinely surprised ( `` what is he doing ? '' ), 
  then after they separated the man , someone orders immediately to `` pick up the lady and the baby , pick up them '' . 
  they do n't even use bad language , they are quite professional . 
  edit : just noticed , one of the cameramen says `` he did this for us . '', 
  i guess he just hit the nail on the head . 
  well , l\u0151k\u00f6sh\u00e1za is in my county ( b\u00e9k\u00e9s ) , which is one of the poorest regions in the eu , refugees is exactly what we need . 
  romania should be an example to hungary . 
  you guys do it really well !, 
  by the way , do you think it has anything to do with the presidency of klaus iohannis ? 
  he had promised to be tough with corrupt leaders before he got elected . 
  `` do you want a republic ? 
  because that 's how you get a republic . '', 
   and your questions were not `` what should i go see that a tourist might miss '' but `` dos and dont 's , particularly clothing '' . 
  that says a lot . 
  do 's = what i should go see as a tourist . 
  others understood it and recommended me places and tourist destinations we indeed visited and had great fun . 
  it seems you are the only one who did n't understand it . 
  dont 's = if you are not a douchebag , when you visit a foreign country , you collect some information about local customs , local traditions ( including clothing ) , so you can avoid doing things that may bother others . 
  it says a lot about you that you think it 's not important . 
   as it was pointed out to you in that same thread , do n't call it arab culture . 
  they are proud to be tunisians , but they consider themselves part of the arab world and arab culture . 
  maybe you should check in which country the * arab * spring began . 
   i fear it 's more than just replacing the crosses by crescent moons . 
  these mean fundamental changes in our society , i 'm not sure i want to see . 
   i know you guys embrace the thought of islamic culture replacing dutch culture which is fine for me , it might turn out great and exciting , but please consider that other people might want their culture to prevail not to disappear . 
  you just ca n't accept that worrying for one 's own culture and heritage does n't imply hating others , can you ? 
  how can you be so narrow-minded ? 
   you labeled me as a `` dutch who would love having his culture replaced by the islamic one '' , in case you forgot . 
  i do n't use dutch as an insult , my goodness . 
   you clearly are scared and i feel genuinely sorry for you , as i can figure it really is horrible to live in fear of others , but this is a waste of time . 
  yeah , that 's why i travel to other countries and cultures as much as i can . 
  because of fear . 
  are you serious ? 
  yeah , now i 'm an islamophobe , thanks . 
  just [ got back from tunisia ] ( https://hu.reddit.com/r/tunisia/comments/36cvxb/hi_rtunisia_im_travelling_to_tunisia_for_a_week/ ) a month ago , i went there with my girlfriend because i have been always fascinated by the arab culture and the achievements of the islamic golden age ( especially in philosophy ) , but yeah , sure i also hate them all . 
  you do n't really hesitate to put label on people you do n't even know , do you ? 
  maybe you should be a little less prejudiced , that would do no wrong . 
  what megathread ? 
  is there an islam megathread in / r/europe ? 
  can you link it pls , i ca n't find it anywhere . 
   you do n't wipe out and entire national heritage just by changing people 's beliefs you are wrong . 
  it is n't the atheists nor the christians who convert to islam , that does n't make any sense . 
  it is the newcomers whose faith is islam that turn european countries into islamic-majority states . 
   did any national culture disappear because of atheism ? 
  no , but national cultures disappear when they are overwhelmed by people from a significantly different culture . 
  but i go further , it 's enough if it 's only a slightly different culture . 
  protestant hungarian villages and towns are slowly turning into orthodox romanian villages so the culture and language of the hungarians are slowly disappearing . 
  as a hungarian should i embrace this as a fantastic achievement or something ? 
  no , as a hungarian i try to do something against it by encouraging hungarian parents to stay and teach their children hungarian langauge and culture , to support local hungarian schools . 
  i have nothing against romania , as my mother is romanian , i 'm not a chauvinist ( i actually despise them ) . 
   edit : love it how the racist cavalry came to the rescue in this thread . 
  i 'm sorry that you could only keep the racist card in your pocket for 3 comments long , now you successfully destroyed any possibility of a normal discussion . 
  i know you guys embrace the thought of islamic culture replacing dutch culture which is fine for me , it might turn out great and exciting , but please consider that other people might want their culture to prevail not to disappear . 
  you have to be open-minded and accept the opinion of other people . 
  i fear it 's more than just replacing the crosses by crescent moons . 
  these mean fundamental changes in our society , i 'm not sure i want to see . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  even in my county ( hungary ) asylum seekers broke out of their camp attacking parking cars etc.
