as far as i concern , it takes * lowering child death rate * into account . 
  considering the horrible anti-eu bullshit the hungarian government has been spreading all over the country in the last 4-5 years , it 's really hard not to send this to some pro-gov news sites and enjoy the hilarity . 
  i do n't know what you consider it a primitive term or why those two words are the most important to you . 
  i 'm not trying to ridicule anyone ( what are you talking about ? 
  ) , i think i replied in a quite polite way to a quite primitive comment . 
  what i was trying to explain is that in the 21st century countries/continents are connected on so many levels that anything happens on one place have a huge impact on another . 
  can you tell me why it is a shitty chart and what the actual numbers are ? 
  [ yes ] ( http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m4yfbdpxjw1rwlwwzo1_400.png ) . 
  sorry , this is not my original research , i took the data form www.geohive.com which seems to me a pretty well-researched site . 
  i have no idea why you have to see race issues into it , i do n't think it has anything to do with races - europe is not `` white '' and africa is not `` black '' . 
  sorry if these numbers insulted you . 
  there is n't a magic wall that separates africa and europe , what happens on one continent affects the other . 
  the population boom in africa has a huge impact on europe . 
  right now africa has a population of more than 1.1 billion people and apart from very few states most african countries do not perform too well , there are still too much starvation , tribal conflicts etc. 
  and i 'm pretty much sure that the problems of africa will definitely be deeper with another billion of people struggling on the continent . 
  and unfortunately i hardly see any sign that things would be going better than in , say , the 80s , especially with china playing neo-imperialism in countries that have already suffered a lot in the past . 
  on the other hand europe is experiencing the exact opposite . 
  the aging of europe has already been a huge problem which has been only addressed by immigration , which can be extremely useful , but might have negative consequences in the future we have yet to see . 
  and even if those consequences do not exist , even a hundred million african immigrants wo n't help the problems of africa . 
  the purpose of this graph was to show that we are facing huge demographic problems in the future . 
  it looks great at first glance , i will definitely watch it , thanks !, 
  i go to romania all the time , i love the country and yeah , i like romanians too , but fuck there are a lot of new and huge churches in every street . 
  the only differnce is the the 2nd was an offside , 
  and the oppositon centre-left parties are just as bad , so most people who do n't like orb\u00e1n just stay at home . 
  our political parties can be divided into left-wing scum and right-wing bastards . 
  wow , i did n't know that last two lines !, 
  oh , so there is a hungarian conspiracy in romania , just like jewish conspiracy in nazi germany ? 
  and just as well documented ? 
  sorry , i got to go , i need to undermine the stability of romania . 
  seriously , as a hungarian , i would like to apologize for this . 
  the problem is that are morons on the other side , too . 
  half of the population voted for the centre-right moron party , but the other half did not vote for the centre-left moron party but stayed at home . 
  that 's how they got a supermajority . 
   if that 's a socialist paradise , i wonder what socialist hell would look like . 
  oh , there is an old hungarian joke about that . 
  a man dies one day and he has to choose between capitalist hell or socialist hell . 
  he is given a chance to visit both before he decides . 
  first , the devil shows him the capitalist hell . 
  it 's like dante 's inferno : sinners boil in hot oil , demons put coal on the fire , so it 's normal . 
  our man thinks that it does n't look good at all . 
  let 's see the socialist hell !, 
  they go down with the devil , but they only find bored people and demons sitting on the ground , picking nose and small talking . 
  no fire , the oil in the metal pot is cold and pot is seemingly broken . 
  our man , obviously surprised , asks the devil : ` what happened here ? ', 
  ` oh , it 's the socialist hell you know . 
  we ran out of coal long ago , the demons are lazy and noone cares about the broken pot . ', 
  do n't want to be rude , but you still owe us a few panzer ivs from 1944 , as far as i concern . 
  give my money back, 
   yeah but that 's pretty sad ... having less travel rights than furniture . 
  this . 
  we should never go back this crazy world . 
  well , of course the ultimate solution would be the same high standards of living all over the world ... but we are a bit far from that . 
  large projects ( like the one i mentioned ) are pretty unefficient , because the eu is spending hundreds of thousands of euros just to bring 1 researcher home . 
  this is certainly not a solution . 
  i do n't know , maybe some kind of compensation ? 
  if joe chooses state-funded education in country x and after graduation he instantly moves to country y for a higher salary , maybe a part of his tax could be refunded to a doctor working in country x. 
  but that 's just an idea , probably not the best one . 
  yeah , complex problems never had easy solutions . 
  i do n't act like that . 
  did i say anywhere that people should be not allowed to go anywhere ? 
  schengen is one of the greatest achievements of the eu and free movement to any country you want to go is a basic human right . 
  free movement and encouraging professionals to stay in their home country has nothing to do with each other . 
   so yeah , are you accepting that if you are to stop people from moving freely , you should also stop exports and imports ? 
  just to make it clear , before you try to assume something i do n't say : i 'm ** absolutely ** pro free trade with the possible lowest ( or zero , like within the eu ) customs tariffs , even though sometimes it 's necessary to protect the markets from time to time , just like the eu ( in this case : germany ) did last year when they imposed anti-dumping duties on chinese photovoltaic panels . 
  but that 's normal . 
  ( i know because i wrote my thesis about photovoltaic power generation in the eu . ), 
  however , answering strictly your question , free movement and export/import are two different things . 
  hungarians were very limited to travel to other countries , still we imported and exported in huge quantities . 
  but as i said , i 'm for free-trade . 
  the problem with you is that you think the world is black and white . 
  you think there are only two options , first is high education of everyone from state money and let everyone go , and the other one is closing all borders and go into north korea mode . 
  thinking in extremities leads to nowhere , you should really learn it . 
  you think it 's totally fine if eastern europe is nothing more than a supplier of educated people to the west , and it 's okay if rural and remote areas remain without medical services , because they do n't deserve it and any other way is stalinist . 
  i just ca n't believe you are serious about this . 
  especially because in almost every country there are state-funded projects to help doctors and other specialists work in remote and rural areas where people really need them . 
  there are also eu projects ( within framework programme 7 ) that help emigrated researchers/doctors/professionals to return to the home country to continue their research in their own country . 
  even the company i work for has a guy who returned with the help of the prolight-iapp project from london to budapest . 
  are those stalinist as well ? 
  please stop educating me about communism , anyway , all my family lived under it and we know what it means . 
  oh , boy , i hope you are some kind of troll , because if you really believe what you say , that would be very sad . 
   because he 's in a higher quality medical environment , he may be able to come with a breakthrough in medicine , perhaps he 'll find cures that otherwise would have been impossible for him to do med . 
  research in his poor conditions in his original hospital in hungary . 
  wrong . 
  doctors do n't do research . 
  only a very tiny fraction of them do it , mainly because their job is not to research but to work in hospitals . 
  general practitioners , anesthesiologists etc do 0 research . 
  bioengineering deals with that . 
  and labs are financed well here in hungary , too and even the state encourages them to do research in other countries . 
   what 's certain is that other people in other countries will benefit from those doctors , and because they pay him more it means they deserve him more.they want him more , so they pay him more , therefore they are entitled to his services . 
  because we 're a free union of goods , services and labour , you ca n't impose to people what to do . 
  we 're like the usa now , it 's like moving from new york to arizona . 
  that 's very dangerous thinking . 
  so those who pay more , want it more ? 
  are you really serious ? 
  so if a poor family that gets together all the money they can want to buy a house for , say , 30.000 eur , but a rich family offers 40.000 eur for the same house , it means , according to you , that the poor family does n't really want that house ? 
  if we hungarians , or romanians do n't have as much money as the germans , we do n't deserve medical care ? 
  that 's extremely dangerous thinking . 
   imposing to people what to do with their lifes ( i.e. 
  to stay in hungary as a dr. ) is dictatorial . 
  comunism failed .
