  a bit more selective immigration is absolutely fine and necessary though . 
  ( however , if the educated people leave their own countries for western europe , it can easily preserve the existing difference between rich and poor countries ... but that 's another question . ), 
  oh , and be prepared for a `` black canada '' , too . 
  it 's the way things are going to go , and you have to accept it . 
  i hope it 's not a problem for you !, 
  the problem is that by 2050 africa will have a population of 2.6 billion people , with countries like 400 million people strong nigeria and others . 
  considering that opposing mass immigration is not pc and racist/nazi etc. 
  we should really start thinking about how to integrate that huge wave of immigrants that is goint to arrive in europe in the next few decades . 
  it 's not orb\u00e1n who makes me worry . 
  it 's his henchman j\u00e1nos l\u00e1z\u00e1r becoming prime minister that pisses me off . 
  that man is probably the most arrogant and opportunist politician in hungary nowadays . 
  he just got into the headlines by organizing a hunt for 75 000 eur for his friends in the czech republic . 
  he organized a huge hunting party for the remnants of the hungarian aristocracy last year as well posing on facebook with habsburg-lotharingian and other european aristocrats . 
  as a mayor he drove an audi s8 payed by taxpayers ' money . 
  and that 's just the tip of the iceberg . 
  that 's a little concern , i do n't think even the upper parts of the country would be invaded by bears . 
  anyway , i 'm from the great plain where the highest peak is 5 m , and that 's no country for a bearman . 
  haha , definitely , you should !, 
  there are some villages here where i 'd love to let loose some bears . 
  anyway , we regularly go to kov\u00e1szna / covasna/harghita/hargita in summer . 
  once we were told by the locals that bears have to be taken seriously !, 
  so if i ever meet one , i 'll take him very seriously . 
  and a brown bear was spotted in hungary 2 days ago for the first time in a while !, 
  too bad that poachers killed him . 
  the police caught them though shortly , and now they face trial and up to 7 years in prison . 
  fuckin poachers , i hate them . 
  although i do n't agree with everything mr farage says , i must say that he is one of the most intelligent and most entertaining politicians in europe nowadays . 
  oh , and race card = nazi card . 
  the first who pulls it out automatically loses the debate . 
  edit : to the guy with a belgian flag who downvoted me but deleted his comment before i could answer : yes , in 1928 you could have played the race card , but it 's 2014 and seriously , please stop comparing the nsdap to the ukip or farage to hitler . 
  yup , finally . 
  it has been a rough 10 years for hungary , and any good news is like bread to the starving . 
  thank god they never do that !, 
  yeah , i was sarcastic . 
  there are shitload of extremists already in europe . 
  it is possible that it will take some extra effort to integrate them , when they come back to europe . 
  i often go to romania ( sup neighbours ) , euro is already like a second currency there . 
  it seems many romanians just prefer euro over lei . 
  edit : typo, 
  interesting . 
  we all hear news from slovakia , romania , ukraine ( obviously ) etc. 
  but somehow all is quiet on the southern front  most hungarians supported the croatians in their war of independence between 1991 and 1995 . 
  it 's not so well-known , but the hungarian government secretly transported weapons to the croatians during the war ( despite the arms embargo ) . 
  it 's not a close friendship , but there is definitely a good relationship between the two nations . 
  i 'm so fed up with this `` oh , he was sooo honest '' bs . 
  if i confess a murder , noone cares if i were honest or not , it 's the criminal act that matters . 
  there is a so called synchronised armed forces europe ( safe ) concept that aims to integrate the defense capabilites of the eu states , but apart from that , there is no such thing as a ` european army ' and it is for a reason . 
  eu states , no matter how close their cooperation is , have different spheres of interest and , which is also quite important , very different relations with the us . 
  the ( non - ) participation in the iraq and afghanistan wars clearly showed why a common army of europe is right now nothing more than an illusion . 
  also , it is impossible to think that an eu joint force would have done the same as the french had done in mali last year - it was clearly a french operation because the stability of the region is a very important part of the french national interests . 
  i really do n't think that for example the slovaks or the finns cared about it at all . 
  or the slovakian or finnish public would have been too happy if one of their soldiers had died there for a french cause . 
  i do support a european army , but right now it can only exist * along * with the national armies and not * instead * of them . 
  while it 's a good work , the hungarian is n't really good . 
  `` p\u00e9lda '' would be the correct form , `` p\u00e9ldak\u00e9nt '' means for example . 
  do n't tell anyone , but we are just waiting for a good cb , 
   i find the `` cultural similarities '' thing a bit eyewash . 
  the difference between protestants and catholics were not as severe as you think by the late 19th century in the us . 
  none of them wanted to kill each other ( occasional incidents happened ) , and later skin colour became much more important factor . 
  and yes , even with the similar cultural background , there were minorities like jews or irish that were treated badly . 
  i think the difference between a syrian muslim and a german catholic is much bigger than it was between a dutch protestant and a french catholic in 1930 . 
   though which way it swings as far as need for manpower is concerned is rather uncertain . 
  this is the most important sentence in your comment . 
  it does n't really seem that the current revolution , which is definitely not industrial but rather information , is making new jobs as its older brother did 100 years ago . 
  there is also one very important difference and that is welfare and benefits . 
  there were no such things in the us in the 19th and early 20th century , especially if you compare it to nowadays ' european practice . 
  people went there because they wanted and needed to work . 
  honestly , i 've argued about immigration in this subreddit a few times lately , let 's settle this one peacefully . 
  you are german , you are probably very pro-immigration and it 's fine for me . 
  i 'm hungarian , and i 'm quite anti-immigration . 
  i hope we can agree to disagree , 
  for some reason i always find xaxa very cute and funny . 
  i know x is basically h in latin , but still  anyway , let me help your economy flourish . 
  people , go to the bulgarian beach , it 's awesome . 
  ( i can give reference as well . ), 
  there are fundamental differences between the immigration to the us and the current situation . 
  in fact , they have nothing to do to each other . 
  the mass immigration to the us happened in a time when the us experienced unparalled economic growth (  10 % each year ) with huge territories uninhabited during the second industrial revolution , which gave birth to new industries that needed a shitload of manpower . 
  the immigrants arrived from very similar cultural background ( christians , europeans ) , and still , there were clashes and problems . 
  the current immigration wave to europe is totally different , it does n't even make sense to compare it to that . 
  i 'll make you some !, 
  but seriously , i really like romanian cuisine . 
  sure , hungarian cuisine is not so different when it comes to tastes and ingredients . 
  ciorb\u0103 is also awesome !, 
  it 's pretty hard . 
  communism did a lot of harm . 
  even though the former east germany had all the mighty economic power of west germany to recover after 1990 , there is still a quite big difference between the two parts in 2015 . 
  and countries like hungary , romania , poland etc. 
  never had their own `` west germany '' . 
  free health care . 
  free education . 
  renting is cheap , everything else is cheap . 
  but still , 200 eur is not enough for shit . 
  if you have your own apartment ( very common in hungary ) you wo n't starve , for sure , you might be able to pay your bills , but that 's it . 
  it allows a very low standard of living . 
  you need at least 300 eur to get along , maybe to save very little . 
  i make around 800 eur and it is considered a good salary here ( 60 mbit/s internet is like 20 eur ) . 
  considering the low prices i can save 250-300 eur a month , it allows me and my girlfriend ( she makes around 500 ) to travel to other countries a few times a year . 
  we 've been to tunisia for a week and we are going to georgia in two weeks , both of them are even cheaper than hungary . 
  my aunt and her husband makes around 650-700 eur a month together , they do n't have children and live in a village ( they grow some of their food ) , they are doing fine .
