  my dad makes around 2000 eur , so my mom does n't work , it is considered a very good salary here . 
  come , bro !, 
  bring as much mititei as you can !, 
  hehe , same in hungary . 
  you get 150-200 eur a month if you are unemployed , 
  i mean socially peaceful . 
  the economy was in a horrible state by the late 1970s , early 1980s , the communists fucked it up pretty well . 
  but it was a peaceful period nevertheless . 
  the secret police stopped harrassing the average people , it was n't that difficult to travel to other countries , even to western countries . 
  food and clothing were cheap ( but , on the other hand , electronics were very expensive and rare ) , people could go on a holiday etc. 
  that 's why hungary was often called the `` happy barrack '' . 
  it was n't that harsh at all , even though the core was rottening and the system was on life support by western loans . 
  thanks !, 
  interesting articles , i 'll read them . 
  also , my dad told me a story about a weird couple who were desperate to make friends with my parents . 
  they seemed weird from the beginning . 
  later a nice romanian man told my dad that this couple ( if couple at all ) are members of the securitate and they should have somehow got rid of them . 
  so my dad told them to meet the next day to go hiking . 
  of course , they quickly left town in the middle of the night and never looked back . 
  interestingly , the 80s were quite peaceful here . 
  we were the `` happiest barrack in the socialist camp '' they said . 
  k\u00e1d\u00e1r realized that the only way to stay in power to raise or at least keep the standard of living . 
  of course , as the economy struggled ( huge ass obsolete factories everywhere producing crap ) , this could be only done by taking huge loans from the west . 
  unfortunately , this does n't stop elders being nostalgic about the k\u00e1d\u00e1r era and the `` goulash communism '' and its fake prosperity . 
  everyone had jobs , my ass . 
  my parents visited romania a few times in the 1980s ( during ceausescu 's prime ) , they often told me shocking stories about empty markets and long lines waiting for food . 
  we were also close to famine in the 1950s but 1956 swept away the hardliner communists . 
  interesting that there was n't famine in 1945 during the worst year of ww2 , but the commies almost got this achievement in peace time . 
  dem commies know how to make famines, 
  yeah , i agree with them too . 
  the rape of nanking is just horrible . 
  i ca n't wrap my mind around it . 
  although `` only '' 300,000 people died , it 's just beyond belief that this could happen . 
  and it is quite possible that there are still perpetrators living , who were never prosecuted . 
  the other one is the khmer rogue . 
  i do n't even recommend googling it . 
  anyway , i suggest we should avoid comparing the holodomor , mao 's regime or stalin 's great purge to the holocaust or to eacher other . 
  hell , it 's not a competition . 
  they are all equally terrible . 
  this is the last word i need to learn before i 'm fluent !, 
  you thought i did n't understand that , however i just started learning german ( again ) . 
  so i understood what you said !, 
  in fact i 'm studying german right now !, 
  she was fired right after the incident and facing criminal charges and up to 7.5 years in prison . 
  what else should we do ? 
  execute her ? 
  or a german rant, 
  hungarian here , can confirm, 
   i never said such thing . 
  `` nobody cares if you do n't want millions of refugees , it 's not happening because someone wants it to happen . 
  sometimes in life things that you do n't want happen . '', 
  anyway , i 'm glad i convinced you that we do n't need to let everyone in . 
  we are working on it !, 
   you do n't have to like it when someone disagrees with you and contests you  oh , i do like it , that 's why we are both riding our little comment train . 
  but it seems it 's pointless . 
  i say that we should be careful with refugees , you say we should let everyone in . 
   i 'm challenging the things you say nah , you are not really . 
  while i concern about this situation , what you do is repeating the same old mantra again and again that we should welcome everyone , if there are 10 million refugees then we should let in 10 million etc. 
  sort of boring , though . 
  i gave you example that there are a lot of idiots among these people whom maybe we should keep away , you reply that there are idiots already , like that was a fuckin argument . 
  like we should allow murderers or religious zealots settle down in europe because there are already murderers and zealots here . 
  xenophobe your ass   nobody cares if you do n't want millions of refugees downright wrong . 
  we are still a sovereign nation and we can decide whom to allow to settle down here and whom not . 
   i 'm talking about the future of my continent so am i. 
  and it seems you must accept the fact that there are people with different opinion than yours . 
  i know it 's hard for a teenager to realize this , but life is n't fairy tale , you will understand this later . 
   who cares what angry teenagers on the internets think when people are running for their lives . 
  those who live there ? 
  i do n't know what angry teenagers think ( maybe you should elaborate ) , but here in hungary and , as far as i concern , in the majority of eu , we have the right to speak up that we do n't want millions of refugees here . 
  anyway , who are you to tell europeans what to do with these people ? 
  there seem to be too many assholes among these refugees . 
  and i 'm still not convinced that they should move to the eu , i 'm sorry, 
  oh , and how about this ? 
  it 's the keleti railway station , also in hungary . 
  does it matter if it 's 9gag or imgur or youtube ? 
  these are refugees in bicske , hungary , the green train cars belong to the gysev , an austrian-hungarian rail company . 
  what other context do you need ? 
  you just want to ignore facts that contradicts your views . 
  easy way to live . 
  anyway , here is the [ full video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7l3esbpetf8 ) , you can see the mess they cause yourself , but i guess it does n't matter for you . 
  this is getting pointless . 
  certainly i ca n't show you exactly who put the sandwiches there . 
  just like you do n't have any proof that it was n't thrown away by refugees . 
  but i can for example show you [ this ] ( http://9gag.com/gag/arv4yrq ) . 
  i guess it 's the proper way of handling something you do n't need , right ? 
  and this is how you accept help ? 
   if that claim was true , there must have been more sandwiches . 
  you ca n't say that there are n't . 
  it 's like say that there are no others cars in the world because you have a picture of one single car . 
  my proof is the pictures . 
  they threw away the food , period . 
  you say that it was because they had too much or whatever , anyway , where is your proof ? 
  on the other hand , i have proof of them behaving like fucking animals , attacking cars , refusing donations because of religion , breaking the laws of the country and the eu they enter by refusing to register . 
  it is your logic what is severely flawed . 
  you say they are innocent because they made it impossible to check their background by throwing away all of their papers , so we should let them in . 
  seriously ? 
  being civilized also means behaving like a civilized person ( which they do not ) , be friendly to your host , especially if you want a huge favor and obeying the laws . 
  also , it 's not bad if you accept the culture of the place you want to live . 
   what i 'm assuming is that they are innocent until they are proven guilty the problem is that there is no way to check if they are innocent or guilty . 
  if there is a way to check this , then i 'd say they are innocent until proven guilty .
