  let the individual decide his own fate . 
  do n't have the state intervening in his private life . 
  you do n't want to go on that road , it goes into snowball effect pretty rapidly and soon we 're back to stalinism . 
  saying that brain drain has an extremely negative effect on the donor countries makes me a stalinist ? 
  do you have any idea what you are talking about ? 
  and what do we benefit from the 195 leaving doctors ? 
  no , that 's impossible . 
  strabag , k\u00f6zg\u00e9p , swietelsky and all the large construction companies are investments of the actual governments to finance their campaign in the next elections . 
  it 's like mafia . 
  you ca n't runa successful company without good connection in high circles . 
  citation needed , but i 'm pretty sure construction is among the most corrupt industrial branches with all the petty agreements , illegal employment , trade union ` deals ' etc, 
  and ? 
  i have no idea what you want to tell me with this . 
  i do n't expect anything , with this thread i pointed out a problem that educated people of poorer countries move to richer countries , and it is n't a very good process because it will deepen the differences between rich and poor countries . 
  i 'm by no means an expert , and i certainly do n't know the solution . 
  haha , only $ 70.000 for a $ 2 billion business ? 
  come on , if you go corrupt , at least do it well . 
  yup , the gov just introduced a very controversial law that everyone starting state-financed education have to sign a paper that he or she will work at least 5 years in hungary within 20 years - after graduation . 
  i dislike our current gov pretty much , but i tend to agree with this . 
  there are state-financed university courses because of social reasons . 
  it 's not good if only the well-off can study in unis and it 's also bad if the poor had to borrow huge student loans if they want to study . 
  but it 's pretty much unverstandable to me that the society `` wants '' something back if they invest their money in students . 
  what you are talking about concerns only surgeons , a tiny part of all doctors . 
  when was the last time you gave gratitude money to your general practitioner when you had a flu ? 
  or how much did you give to the anesthesiologist guy , who perhaps works on a patient just as much as the surgeon ? 
  or the radiologist ? 
  doctors are not equal to surgeons , please stop suggesting that . 
   when doctors move to budapest , it 's still the same country , not too far from the countryside , ihabited by hungarians . 
  every hungarian can benefit from the doctors in budapest . 
  they pay taxes to the hungarian budget . 
  the buy in hungarian shops . 
  they raise hungarian kids . 
  beautiful theory . 
  too bad it has nothing to do with reality . 
  i 'm from one of the poorest counties of hungary ( b\u00e9k\u00e9s megye ) , where a large proportion of the population ca n't afford such luxury to visit his doctor in budapest . 
  and guess what , the best doctors usually stay to pursuit a career in the capital , not in the poorest regions . 
  there is an extreme shortage of doctors in b\u00e9k\u00e9s megye ( most of them are in retirement age , but still working - without them , the whole system would collapse ) . 
   the migration to budapest is to some extent offset by wealth redistribution from budapest to poorer regions . 
  yeah , wealth redistribution , stop kiddin me . 
  how does it work in the czech republic ? 
  central hungary has a $ 26,100 gdp per capita ( slightly higher than the gdp pc in portugal ) , while in the poorest norther plain region has $ 9,700 ( around the level of albania ) . 
  and the difference is growing every year . 
  tell me about the success of wealth redistribution . 
  and it 's not just hungary , there are more developed countries with similar ( like hamburg vs th\u00fcringen ) or higher ( prague vs severoz\u00e1pad ) difference . 
  yes , we do . 
  however it concerns only a small fraction of the doctors ( mainly surgeons ) . 
  general practicioners or anesthesiologists etc. 
  receive next to nothing beyond their regular salary . 
  considering that the community pays his education in many countries , the answer is yes . 
  it 's a bit off-topic , but i guess we are deep enough in the thread to cause confusion . 
  you 'll laugh , but there were a shitload of factories 30 years ago that produced mostly for export . 
  we produced machinery , textile , canned food , buses , electronics etc. 
  and exported to the soviet union . 
  the quality of these products were usually significantly worse than that of the western or us companies , but who cared , the soviets bought everything we made , because they could n't produce better and our was cheaper . 
  this fairy tale worked until the 1980s , when the russkies started to ran out of money due to such awesome ideas like invading afghanistan and overall , communism just does n't work . 
  what our comrades did in hungary ? 
  borrowed huge amount of loans from western countries . 
  as everything was state-owned ( even the workers hah ) , the debts of the large factories and state companies were financed by western loans ... and when gorbachev said to the satellite states that `` dasvidaniya , tovarish , we have our own problems , we do n't have money and we wo n't buy shit from you '' , our whole socialist economy with all the gigantic socialist state-owned factories went bankrupt within a few years along with the socialist/communist system , because as i said , we produced shitty quality stuffs . 
  that 's why you can see many closed factories wherever you go in eastern europe . 
  some factories were saved by western companies , others were bought for like 1 hungarian forint ( no jokes ) and then they sold their machinery - something many hungarians are still pissed off for . 
  we started learning capitalism only after 1990 , and we still suck at it . 
  but i guess many of us are trying harder and harder year by year . 
  / off, 
  haha , i will . 
  yes , he meets these girls while waiting . 
  and also colleagues . 
  he says that it 's awkwardly easy to pick up girls there . 
  the guy is tall and blonde with blue eyes . 
  he told me that he considered himself a totally average guy here , so this is a nice change for him . 
  we met last week after a year or so , and the guy looked extremely confident . 
  london changed him in a positive way . 
  you were talking about * starting * working abroad . 
  anyway , i know too many guys who established a life in the uk , so no , it 's not difficult at all . 
  a lot of people do it every day . 
  especially now with skype and all the others . 
  much easier than , say , 30 years ago . 
  funny , not long ago i read a book written by sony founder akio morita . 
  he dedicated some chapters to the founding of sony usa and how they struggled with the export of electronics . 
  the basics have n't really changed ever since , but the competition became much more fierce . 
  glad to know we are all wrong and it 's just a super easy task . 
  yeah , per month . 
  okay , the reason why he does n't leave is that he fucks around 3 girls of different ethnicities every month . 
  i 'd probably stay as well . 
   but it is useful to keep this example in mind when wondering about migration and the reasons thereof . 
  i do n't think there is much to wonder about it . 
  it 's quite obvious . 
   well , there is a ( relatively ) simple solution to make people more productive . 
  let them move where they can be more productive . 
  yes , that 's what the whole thread is about . 
  in 2010 after i finished my exams at uni , i decided it was time to go to london and work there for the summer . 
  i rented a room from www.londonimagyarok.hu , bought a flight ticket from wizzair . 
  in 3 days i was in london , i got a temporary ni number , i opened a bank account , i printed some cvs and then started working in a restaurant . 
  i can give you proof , because i still have my home office registration ( which is no longer needed , because it was mandatory for hungarians for 7 years after we joined the eu in 2004 ) and payslips . 
  yeah , it was that difficult . 
  now it 's even more easier . 
  and considering how many immigrants there are in london from asia , africa etc , i guess they could handle it somehow . 
  do you know how it looks like to introduce a new product to a new market ? 
  just for comparison ? 
  how much money it takes to do a proper market research , find potential customers , offer lower price that their current supplier ( who might be local , so has an obvious advantage ) , how to organize the production chain and distribution , opening local offices , warranty service etc. 
  are you serious ?
