  few days ago syrian christian refugees [ had to be moved ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3e96cd/syrian_christian_refugees_move_from_asylum/ ) from asylum accommodations because of threats by syrian islamist refugees . 
  there are good guys who really want to integrate and live here peacefully , but there are also quite a lot who want exactly the opposite . 
  maybe because they ca n't check the background of every single asylum seeker ? 
  do n't pretend that 100 % of immigrants and asylum seekers are hard-working , law-abiding individuals who struggle extremely hard to integrate , because it 's not true . 
  i fully understand why the locals are worried . 
  thanks , it 's a very informative site btw . 
  i think china was a bad example as chinese manufacturing and companies in general are booming . 
  i guess it is somewhat different for hungary , as companies come here well-informed about the labour costs and with expectations that they will not increase significantly in the foreseen future . 
  theoretically yes , but in practice it 's more like they all offer minimum wage ( or just slightly more than that ) and people have to work either way , so they will accept it and the shitty employers are not forced to raise wages . 
  the actual competition on the market is very low . 
  of course , it 's sort of different in the richer parts of the country , but in the poorer regions the situation is quite bad . 
  but anyway , you can just pick a country in africa ( especially in the textile industry ) or vietnam or even china where there are plenty of shitty employers still there does n't seem to be a huge pressure to raise wages . 
  i learnt economics at university and i guess you did probably , too . 
  you know exactly that these basic statements are models that represent an ideal society where everyone can decide for how much they want to sell their labour ( according to supply and demand ) and move freely if they want a better job . 
  i 'm not against science , on the contrary , i 'm just saying that the real world is quite more complex than the simplified models in our books even though they can be great for teaching economics . 
  if it was so simple to make a country prosperous and rich that you followed an book in economics , there would n't be poor countries in the world . 
  unfortunately , it 's a bit more complicated than that . 
  a comparative , but not exactly a desirable advantage to have low wages , 
  yes , because cleaning toilets for minimum wage in the uk is worth more than assembling mercedes in hungary . 
  workers usually accept jobs because they are not in a freaking negotiating situation . 
  if workers have option to work for a factory for minimum wage and they refuse to work for 1.5 eur per hour , the factory will move to the next eastern country . 
  and the worker moves to the uk to clean toilets . 
  all i said was that it 's not a good idea if a prime minister tells potential investors that it 's okay to pay low wages in his country especially when the wages are already low enough . 
  that was all i was talking about . 
  yes . 
  the gross minimum wage is 105.000 huf ( around 340 eur ) , after taxes is 68.775 ( around 220 eur ) . 
  yeah , but the minimum wage in hungary is different from the one in germany . 
  it 's around 220 eur , far from enough even with hungarian prices . 
  we do n't really need even more minimum wage factory jobs . 
  our pm was in saudi arabia telling potential investors how cheap the workforce is in hungary . 
  basically he was saying that it 's okay to pay low salaries here . 
  yeah , it 's as shame . 
  he and his behaviour make the real victims not serious . 
  he should be in jail first in bucharest , then in budapest . 
  not fast enough . 
  i 'm not sure if we still have the southern border under control . 
  the refugees however peacefully sieged debrecen when they broke out of the camp last week . 
  around a hundred of them got into some religion-induced fight . 
  they threw stones at aggressively parking cars and set racist trash cans on fire . 
  you can find a lot of pictures of these peaceful immigrants who would be extremely useful members of the society , but [ this one ] ( http://kep.cdn.index.hu/1/0/880/8801/88014/8801425_e03d4c0cdb6b53fa3b60fa5cd16a6f2b_x.jpg ) is my fav . 
  yeah , seriously . 
  every time i read something about romania lately in the hungarian news is that someone was arrested because of corruption . 
  while we are getting more and more corrupt , it 's nice to see that there are countries in this poor region that are getting closer to western standards , at least when it comes to corruption . 
  i 'm really proud of you guys !, 
   its quite strange because it was the post communist government that came in early 90s that kind of messed up the hungarian economy . 
  well , that 's simply not true . 
  the economy of hungary was in a terrible shape by 1989-1990 . 
  huge , obsolete state-owned factories employed 60-65 % of the active population and they made products that were exported to a market that were collapsing ( other communist states ) . 
  the new post-communist government had several problems that were quite difficult on their own : - to do something with the rampant inflation - to close those emblematic factories that employed sometimes 20-30 ,000 workers but produced nothing but huge losses - to aid those hundreds of thousands who lost their jobs - we are talking about a million people in a 10 million country - to stop the neo-nazi movement that were getting stronger - to disarm the former communist party `` army '' called munk\u00e1s\u0151rs\u00e9g ( worker 's guard ) before they do anything stupid - to privatize the economy - we are talking about thousands of state-owned companies from the smallest market in the most remote village to csepel works that had 40,000 employees - to do something noone did before , so there was no precedent : to lead a country out of communism peacefully to democracy . 
  saying that this party messed up the economy between 1990 and 1994 is more than unfair : it 's simply not true . 
  thing is , you ca n't win a war with drones . 
  just like you ca n't win a war by bombing the shit out of the enemy ( without nukes ) . 
  germany was like a big pile of ruins by 1945 but it was still necessary to siege berlin . 
  nukes might end a war , although / r/history would argue about how much the nukes counted in the surrender of japan and how much the [ soviet invasion of manchuria ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_invasion_of_manchuria ) . 
  agreed . 
  china depends on the west just like we depend on them . 
  i would n't call them a real threat since it 's their interest to have a rich west who are willing to buy their products . 
  but yeah , russia is a different story . 
  let 's see [ russia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_budget_of_the_russian_federation#/media/file:russian_military_spending_1992-2012_sipri.jpg ) . 
  what do you call this , a decrease ? 
  or [ china ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_budget_of_china#/media/file:china_military_budget_2012.png ) ? 
  when was the last war ? 
  and when was the last time nukes were used ? 
  the idea that says we do n't need conventional armed forces since we have nukes does not make any sense . 
  i miss those times . 
  wish hungary , 1956 was among those glorious dates . 
  russia wins every time , especially in afghanistan , eritrea or finland . 
  you really do n't feel the irony in the picture , do you . 
  and of that 500 probably 300 is administration . 
  well , it makes thing look like quite different , hope it wo n't be buried . 
  hey turkey you occupied hungary for 150 years gib us money ( no we dont accept kebab nice try ) ( yes it was a bit harsher then the nazi occupation of greece ), 
  i agree 100 % . 
  `` if a factory can exist only because it is subsidized , there is no reason to have it just to keep those people busy . '', 
  wish this was something every hungarian understood . 
  the problem is that there is still a large part of the population who grew up and lived in the communist era where everyone had a job and the commies indeed built a lot of factories in the poorer areas that needed a shitload of subsidies ( no wonder communism collapsed in 1990 ) . 
  but still it 's pretty hard to explain the not-so-well educated working class in these regions that it 's simply not how the economy works and if you do n't produce something that can be bought , you wo n't get any money . 
  ( and it 's even worse that there were modern factories that were bought by western companies and were shut down immediately to get market for their products - many workers are not eager to forget this . ), 
  anyway , it 's a long story , sorry for the wall of text . 
  i do n't blame the eu even though my comment looked like i do . 
  i 'm actually pretty much pro-eu and i do understand there were genuine reasons behind the sugar regulation . 
  it 's just i got a bit emotional . 
  the county where i live is poor even by hungarian standards and very poor by eu standards . 
  watching the collapsing factories and the fired workers sometimes make me unnecessarily cynical . 
  i know it was a necessary move by the eu , but it was still a very tough thing here for many many families . 
  i do n't blame anyone !, 
  which part ? 
   edit : for the problems with the sugar sector in the eu i recommend [ this ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-04-177_en.htm ) . 
  fairly short article written in 2004 and it summarizes the problems of the industry . 
  i know it was sort of necessary , although as i said in another comment , i fear it 's pretty hard to explain to the workers who loved the job and loved the factory that it 's a win-win situation ( world trade will grow , other countries will be happy ) , especially if they lived in a poor region where there were n't many job opportunities around . 
  yeah , except for those hundreds who lost their job . 
  but the owners got quick and easy profit , thank god for that . 
  do n't get me wrong , you are right . 
  many factories were obsolete , but not all of them were obsolete , and definitely not all of them needed subsidies . 
  but yeah , many owners thought it was easier to accept the generous offer from brussel and close the factory . 
  still i fear it 's pretty hard to explain to the workers who loved the job and loved the factory that it 's a win-win situation . 
  some of them were old and obsolete . 
  but there were at least 3-4 that were modern even by western european standards . 
  the problem was that eu countries produced too much sugar . 
  they are nice indeed . 
  western european taxpayers ' money well spent !,
