  you asked me why it is different , i answered , that it is not . 
  `` how is that different from budapest having per capita gdp of about 170 % of the hungary national average ? 
  you have people moving to the capital , leaving the countryside with poorer services and less wealth . '', 
  yes , it 's the same and it is also a huge problem here , just like inequalities in any other country . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  if i want to work abroad , i 'll buy a flight ticket and start working there from next week . 
  do you really think entering a new market with a new product is just as simple ? 
  really ? 
  i work for a heavily export-oriented company ( like 80 % or more of our products go abroad ) , i 'd love to hear some ideas how to make it easier . 
  so what should this nepali guy do ? 
  buy a truck so he can be as productive as a european trucker ? 
  i guess we should just tell him this . 
  seriously , you terribly oversimplify things . 
  like there was a simple solution to suddenly make countries and people more productive and it was only their fault if they are not productive enough . 
  like a waiter in london . 
  something like that was introduced two years ago . 
  when you accept state-funded education you have to sign a paper , which says that after you gradute , you will have to work at least 5 years in hungary within the next 20 years , or you have to pay back your tuition fee . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  you ca n't just enter a foreign market to boost your revenue . 
  it 's a terribly difficult and costly process and it takes years of preparations and a very good product . 
  gosh , it does n't work like this . 
  exporting is not something like yay , infinite money . 
  because we had a shitty government from 2002 to 2010 and , well , now . 
  afaik until 2005-2006 we were doing better . 
  i should check this . 
  but slovakia is still well below the eu average just like us . 
  if the consumer prices are low , the potential revenue is lower as well , and with lower revenues you ca n't give higher salaries . 
  and no , raising prices is not the solution . 
  no , no , i certainly do n't blame anyone , and i hope it does n't look like that . 
  okay , i blame the ussr and the communists , but that 's another thing . 
  anyway , i see your point . 
  many people here ( i guess you are from the eastern part as well ) have no choice , but to move . 
  i know many people of my age ( 25-26 ) who just went to the uk , because there was simply no jobs here . 
  why do you assume that he was not productive as an engineer ? 
  just because he earned less ? 
  wow , i sense some ignorance here . 
  or do you think that a waiter in london who makes 60 pounds a day is 10 times more productive than a chinese worker who makes 6 ? 
  the article i found was about doctors , but you are right , the problem is not about just them . 
  i 'm glad the discussion turned to the migration of educated people in general . 
  exactly . 
  like high inflation . 
  if it 's such a big problem , then do * things * and it will be low . 
  geez , it 's not rocket science . 
  ( you replied to my comment , but i think you addressed it to the previous poster . ), 
  200-300 euro/month raise is nothing . 
  to be competitive we should give at least 600-700 euro more , which is a shitload of money ( 250-300 million a year ) for a mere 40.000 state employees . 
  what about teachers , firefighters , policemen or nurses ? 
  if it would be that simple , it would have been done . 
  yeah , there are more and more foreign doctors here . 
  but they work in private clinics dedicated to medical tourists . 
  it was exactly the same when we had a liberal-left government from 2002-2010 . 
  but i agree with you , it 's a shame that we have a gov like the current one . 
  this . 
  with those 3 steps you mentioned , we could practically solve a lot of problems in africa . 
  it always pisses me off that the solution could be that simple and still we ca n't do it because of religious fundamentalist and lack of political will . 
  if eastern europe has developed massively , why have hundreds of thousands romanians left their home country since 1990 ? 
  yeah , because villages in romania are doing so well ... 
  the problem is that if the educated people leave an already poor country , it will be even poorer and makes the difference between rich and poor countries even bigger . 
  please tell me how it 's not a problem if doctors , engineers and other highly educated people leave african countries or hungary or romania . 
  yup , but he does n't want to . 
  he enjoys being a waiter , meeting new people ( esp girls haha ) and as a 26 year old single man he is happy with the ~ 1200 pounds he makes . 
  he came home two weeks ago , he told me he would never come back to hungary . 
  i 'm not sure though that the owner of the printing house ( or press ? 
  how do you say it ? ), 
  was happy finding a new engineer . 
  maybe they are bankrupt now , who knows . 
  because of the language . 
  english is the primary second language here , so it was easy for him to get a job . 
  three years ago i went to the uk to work for the summer for the same reason ( and to visit the british museum ... spent a week there hah ) . 
  no , he does n't want to get a new job , because he gets a better salary as a waiter in london that as an engineer in hungary . 
  and he enjoys it . 
  my buddy left hungary a year ago . 
  he worked as an engineer in a printing house , now he works in london as a waiter . 
  in your first sentences you practically repeated what i said . 
  east germany was a socialist country with a shitty , but among the `` best '' economies behind the iron curtain , because it was show-window for the soviet union . 
  hungary was also among the better-off countries in the soviet sphere of influence ( see `` goulash communism '' . 
  ) after the reunification it took loads of money and investment from the former western part of germany ( that was indeed aided by the us ) to bring the east to the western level . 
  and it 's still not done , becaure there are a lot of issues . 
  we , hungarian , romanians , slovakians , bulgarians or the poles did n't have a western part that helped us . 
  we had to do everything alone . 
  no , there is not an easy solution , but let me tell you something . 
  if a huge us or western european company comes to hungary , they usually do n't pay a good salary . 
  not even to hungarian standards . 
  just an example : mercedes built a factory in kecskem\u00e9t a few years ago and the workers get ridiculous wages that even terrible if we take into account that the cost of living is lower here . 
  or the new textile factory in h\u00f3dmez\u0151v\u00e1s\u00e1rhely , where the workers get the minimum wage of 200-250 eur per month ( net amount ) . 
  even with lower prices , that 's not enough to finance your life . 
  i could also move to the uk because with my qualification i 'd get a job easily ( engineering ) and i 'll be fine for the rest of my life . 
  luckily , i have a sort of okayish salary that let me live here . 
  that 's a horrible number . 
  and the process is practically unstoppable . 
  the problem is that with the educated leaving the country , it 's pretty hard to grow , especially if they go to western europe to boost the growth there , it is almost impossible that we ever reach we standards of living . 
  10-15 years ? 
  come on , stop joking around . 
  in 1994 we were told that in 10 years we will reach it , in 2004 we were told the same . 
  10-15 years is a very short time , you should think about 50-60 years . 
  i do n't know the solution , obviously we ca n't force them to stay , maybe western european countries should reevaluate their immigration policies . 
  edit : answer to your edit : yup , we got a dark past , but please compare the economic development of east germany and west germany . 
  the latter spent billions of euros to ease the differences between the two parts and they are still problems there . 
  maybe the reason our economy is in bad shape compared to the we-countries is not because of that we are lazy and we do n't want to work , but the fact that it 's pretty hard to run a successful economy if you are practically ruled by the soviet union and the red army is in your backyard . 
  i do n't care about skin color , my problem is that the large-scale immigration of uneducated people ( white , black , yellow or whatever ) will put a heavy strain on the society and economy of the european countries .
