ahh , i did n't drink much tea while there as it was 30 + the entire week . 
  stayed with friends too and they had tea/milk like normal people as had lived in the uk for a year . 
  a few days after being in germany i was desperate for a nice ale . 
  the beer is good , but far too gassy to be comfortable after a while . 
  probably a fair bit , but compare it to traditional forms of outreach and it 's probably not that much . 
  just taking all the other types and putting it into one channel . 
  bit of a risk but worth it , imo . 
  read that as isis , would be an interesting combination . 
  and all our politicians do is get a bit drunk . 
  i really am impressed . 
  the local church near my is about 800 years old and has original wall paintings from the 13th c just out in the open . 
  is a fairly small/unfrequented church but still , no sing and dance about it because as you say it 's quite common . 
  have you ever watched rugby , out of interest ? 
  yeah fair enough , but you have to realise shit like that is looked down on by the gay community too . 
  without parades there 's no awareness going to be raised and shit stays the same for decades . 
  since when where there so many homophobes in / r/europe ? 
  i would be interested in seeing the break down of ales/beer , as well as comparing it to wine , and then over-all consumption . 
  basically i like coloured maps . 
  i meant more the ` it 's also important to distinguish ` david cameron ' from ` the government ' - the statement still reads fine . 
  it would be more than glorious . 
  that would be fucking fabulous . 
  now i really want a mock up . 
  to be fair that also applies to gov ` t , so not exactly water tight . 
  time for the 7 kingdoms to unite and defend against the northern defenders beyond the wall . 
  wait , i 'm sure someone wrote this down at some point ... 
  i think it 's also important to distinguish ` the queen ' from ` the monarchy ' . 
  a lot of people like the queen , but i dare say would be less likely to listen to charles . 
  also i 'm fairly sure that london/uk had better restaurants than paris/france a few years ago and still do . 
  it also has the best ceiling / [ chandelier ] ( http://i.imgur.com/v9bd2pp.jpg ) . 
  i feel like [ brighton pavillion ] ( http://www.cine-city.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/brighton-pavilion.jpg ) should get a mention too . 
  even with the recent spate , when you consider how many flights there are a day statistically it 's still far safer than any other transport method , which is pretty crazy . 
  there 's about 100,000 flights a day that land safely , so yea , i would n't worry too much  though can certainly see the concern . 
  thanks for this , was about to ask . 
  still pretty shocked by all of this , shooting down of a civilian plane really just is hard to conceive . 
  i do wonder if it 's about now that we can start calling them terrorists . 
   i guess germans are more likely to believe that the rain will stop soon so they should stay under cover . 
  fools !, 
  ahhh i see that explains it . 
  yeah here it 's more of a persistent soul crusher rather than anything dramatic . 
  true i guess , but in the uk it 's always raining and people just kind of walk through it without noticing no matter what . 
  i guess it 's the passive acceptance of melancholy, 
   not even in the city centre and it 's raining right now . 
  i was very surprised when i visited munich and it was raining how few people there were about . 
  do you guys just not do rain ? 
  that was pretty much my friends reason for wanting germany to win . 
  i was being tongue in cheek  but yea , murdoch is a dick . 
  just a picture of merkel lurking in the shadows with the eyes of someone thinking ` sooon ... ', 
  sure france , lets see how appeasement works out for you this time . 
  asking all the independence scotland voters how they 're doing in the world cup . 
  jaegers . 
  just sayin ', 
  i 'm rolling in so much money because of this tight financial responsibility !, 
  totally agree . 
  our household income is about 15k and we have at least 1 holiday a year - save about 100 a month and then get cheap flights and stay in a hostel for a week - we went to croatia last year for a week for # 700 for both of us all inclusive . 
  do n't think this is particularly true - our household income is about 16k and we still manage to go on at least 1 holiday a year ... 
  or rather , it 's an old thing ( thing golden 50s ) that went out of fashion when income inequality exploded ( late 80s , dotcom etc ), 
  trouble is - will people hate them for it ? 
  probably not . 
  is that the modern day equivalent to the iron curtain ? 
  that leading question is amazing - very true and always comes to mind when i see any kind of ` news ' paper suggesting that a poll says xyz . 
   besides , what if putin is cod fanboy ? 
  / r/pcmasterrace will protect us, 
  jaeger program ? 
  well , in theory that 's great , but it could well be that they do n't receive the letter , it does n't arrive in time , they lose it etc. 
  can , but probably not due to inconvenience/too busy enjoying their lives rather than moaning about things they have no knowledge about . 
  well , that came out more bitter than i intended ... 
  i think one of the big problems for us is that that we live in brighton , uk , where it 's so accepting that we do n't have to care at all what we do , so to be honest there 's even other places in the uk where i 'd still be careful . 
  we went to croatia last year and did n't have any issues , but i was still a bit cautious about holding hands in public and things like that . 
  fair point , but it 's more about how comfortable you feel . 
  like , i 'd rather not go somewhere and have to watch my every move for how it might be interpreted . 
  neither of us are very ` camp ' but it 's the little things like , if we book a hotel room will people treat us differently if 2 guys have a double room ? 
  will people stare at us if we happen to hold hands in a restaurant ? 
  sure , nothing overt may not happen to us , but that 's not the point - i 'd rather not be stared at and treated slightly differently everywhere . 
  especially where there 's plenty of places i can go on holiday and not have to worry about it first . 
  just because it 's not illegal somewhere does n't mean the society is forthcoming with acceptance . 
  for going on holiday with my boyfriend ? 
  sure it 's fairly biased , but i 've seen a lot of negativity regards romania/lgbt stuff recently . 
  not saying it 's amazingly bad , and i know they have come a long way recently in terms of legalisation , but still the social stigma and articles like [ this ] ( http://www.romania-insider.com/gay-marriage-proposal-met-with-discontent-in-romania-were-not-ready-gay-people-are-sick/86473/ ) still crop up now and then . 
  that image reminds me of [ this ] ( http://www.harpersbazaar.com/cm/harpersbazaar/images/xn/thatcher-tank-mid-article-2-de.jpg ), 
  now if only gay rights were a bit better then i could actually visit for a holiday !, 
  ahh i see . 
  i realise it 's too early and open to speculation so not going to read too much into anything , but just seems an odd attack . 
  any ideas on motive ? 
  yeah fair enough !, 
  i guess , especially with something like this , the translation is fairly simple too . 
  luckily my gcse german sufficed , just . 
  yeah fair enough !, 
  i guess it just seemed odd to me , i 'm obviously really pleased this sub always has english content , but i could empathise with non-native english speakers if they complained of wanting more content that was non-english . 
  to see it go the other way seemed odd !, 
  i agree with you though . 
  i think the point you 're making is that there is a `` gentleman 's agreement '' as it were to post to / r/europe in the most common denominator of language - which i 'm lucky enough to assume is english . 
  i do find it slightly odd though that you are offended it 's in german . 
  surely everything being in english makes this sub another / r/unitedkingdom in a way ? 
  ( obviously i accept the irony of that statement ), 
  it 's not even wintery yet here in the uk . 
  all of the trees are still [ orange ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m9t89ay.jpg ) and it was slightly [ frosty ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lkwwwfx.jpg ) this morning , that 's about it !, 
  ah okay , fair . 
  even in my home town in the midlands # 400pcm was fairly standard for a 1 bed flat . 
  i 'd love to go but , gay rights issues kinda put me off . 
  depends where you are .
