  that would be some premium bullshit on googles part and i hope it is just an assumption of those companies , not something google actually tries to pull off . 
  nobody is , let 's just hope they will pay and it will not have to come to this . 
  finally somebody asking for the relevant comparison here !, 
  you answered yourself . 
  most of our export goes to the eurozone - with euro many additional costs and risks connected with exchange rate will disappear , making exporting easier . 
  and as central europe is , due to location and other factors , extremely popular for foreign investment , removing the crown , basically the single biggest deterrent factor for foreign investors now , boosts our competitiveness . 
   one-language speaking  r/europe  all posts in english ok . 
  oh , brings memories . 
  i have to return there some day . 
  extremely slim . 
  the public is for some reason against . 
  however referendums , as europe has experienced , are not the greatest thing since sliced bread . 
  moreover in case of the euro , that is at least as much an economical question as it is a political one . 
  the reason why nobody did a referendum is that only a fool would entrust such a complicated decision to people who do not know shit about economics . 
  btw . 
  euro is at least in the case of czechia already a mandatory part of the treaty of accession , which was confirmed by a referendum in 2003 . 
  yeah , depends how it will play out . 
  ano basically destroyed their coalition potential , so that leaves 2 or 3 options : * ano comes wayyy ahead of everyone else , either forming a government on their own or relying on communist support ( suicide ) . 
  -  no euro . 
  * ano + commies do not get majority , `` democratic coalition '' the most possible outcome . 
  really hard to put together -  fate of euro depends on extremely complicated coalition talks . 
  * outcome as in previous point , yet some democratic parties defect the anti-ano bloc and participate in their government -  probably no euro , but maybe they manage to force it through ? 
  so personally i see the chances of euro adoption at 20-30 % . 
  not much , but certainly more than i expected even a month ago before the campaign started . 
  my words exactly !, 
  but i never expected the political parties to be clever enough to know it or brave enough to declare support for it !, 
  i am positively surprised . 
  funny thing is out of the things you listed only the social dumping problem is really controversial . 
  all other issues can be readily agreed on . 
  especially  reducing the reliance on russian fossil fuels is a long-term central european strategic goal . 
  that is why we [ flipped out when germany apparently lost their minds ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/section/energy/news/tusk-joins-visegrad-four-in-attack-on-nord-stream-2/ ) . 
  i could not agree more , this article catches my feelings almost perfectly . 
  it seems that europe is in for a painful struggle of misundestanding and unnecessary animosity in the `` reshaping europe '' talks . 
  i can see sk and maybe cz making compromises , but it does not seem the current leaders of hungary or poland will be willing to give up on their populism . 
  and we can only hope that france and germany will be clever enough to address all differences constructively as well . 
  the funny thing is that the euro is becoming one of the major themes of the upcoming election here . 
  and a surprisingly high number of parties have declared to be in favor . 
  given the public is mostly opposed ( and that is long known ) , this is unexpected and who knows how it will play out . 
  are there proposals other than for it to be a railway tunnel ? 
  i never heard of anything else . 
   direct continuous for that you would have to up your gauge game tho . 
  til switzerland does not have enough languages already . 
  bad analogy . 
  as i understand it , their protest was against the church and mostly its close ties to an increasingly totalitarian regime . 
  i see no fittest place to protest than a church . 
   government should protect people from disruptive idiots . 
  by kicking them out maybe , not by jailing them . 
  and not when those `` disruptive idiots '' are trying to excercise freedom of speech . 
  so now we are resorting to emotions . 
  well what about all the unemployed and their families , who may have had a job , if only the minimal wage would be a little lower . 
  of course this is the classic left-right issue , and an internal one most importantly . 
  france is free to decide to have strong labor unions and high minimum wage . 
  they should however not abuse this fact to institute protectionism against countries which decided the other way . 
  there are two problems : 1 ) the systematic problem where country leaders ( the council ) are the ones to ultimately decide instead of the centrally elected organs ( comittee , parliament ) . 
  this has to be changed imho . 
  2 ) macron consistently boasting about having this leverage . 
  angela merkel has the same or even bigger power , yet she simply is not such an asshole about it . 
  she talks reasonably and diplomatically . 
  i never see any disgust or agressive attacks against the smaller states from her . 
  i was kind of willing to forgive macron during the election period , because i realised who he had to beat . 
  however now he should learn to deal in diplomatic terms . 
  btw i do not really have a strong opinion either way on the wages issue , i am talking about the style it is presented in . 
  oh i never said that , do not put words in my mouth . 
  my opinion is quite the opposite : the eu 's central organs have to be strengthened to prevent locally elected leaders to mess with issues of people they do not represent . 
  yeah , i am talking more about his aggressive rhetoric against other european countries . 
  `` i am the savior of the eu ! '', 
  `` i will change how eu works ! '', 
  `` i will not let other countries do * insert whatever is he ranting about all the time * ! '', 
  you may or may not like it , but free market is by definition a race to the bottom . 
  whole point of the system is that the best price-performance ratio wins . 
  the change proposed is forcing the polish company , which is able do the same work for less money ( maybe worse quality , who knows , but that is a question of the ratio ) , pay its workers more to artificially increase their expenses and thus make the french company more competitive . 
  it is protectionism at its finest . 
  i think the underlying problem here are the french minimal wages being too high , badly affecting the competitiveness of french companies . 
  it is tied with the unemployment in france also mentioned in the article . 
  there is only a finite amount of money in the economy and raising minimal wagea always leads to jobs being lost . 
  something social democratic policies , however `` worker-friendly '' , usually fail to take into account . 
  i did not vote for emmanuel macron . 
  only the french did . 
  he has no authority over me . 
  he is the president of france , not the eu , and somebody should tell him quickly . 
  and if macron 's plan comes true , the polish company has to ask for 30m as well , maybe more due to logistics costs , and they will choose the french one . 
  so they lose they jobs ? 
  i mean it would really be nice having higher wages , but if the workers understand market economy at least a little bit , they know it does not work this way . 
  the problem is that if workers from the east are forced to give up their competition advantage of being cheaper , they will never be hired . 
  thus the whole concept of free movement of labor is as good as nonexistent . 
  not without either russians giving up assad or we forgiving the previous gas usage . 
  first is unlikely to happen and the second is both wrong to do and contradictory to macron 's statements , as i am pointing out . 
  my opinion on macron is falling down every time he speaks lately . 
  if you actually read the article and compare all his quotes mentioned , it is the classically populist `` have the cake and eat it '' approach . 
  he basically did not say either way . 
  he wants to work with the russians yet in the next breath he condemns asad 's chemical weapon strikes and other war crimes . 
  you can not have both , mr. president . 
  while i agree that england gets too much shit here usually , i think in this case , where op is creating state flags for some utopia of federal europe , there really is no use including england ( or britain as a whole ) when they clearly would never be part of such institution . 
  on the other hand , hypothethical independent scotland might be . 
  ( wales in the previous collection was silly as well and was rightfully removed ) . 
  beautiful and much easier to recongnize compared to the previous version . 
  well done . 
  well some people are under influence of others whole their lives . 
  by 18 they are however legally responsible for themselves and should not be treated as inept to know whether such influence is good or bad for them . 
  i mean , what you say is very much true , but the current praxis dealing with those issues ( requiring your signature for every banal thing and doctors investigating your relationship to people you allow access to your records ) is obnoxious enough as it is .
