  ftfy, 
  the 15t could be saved by a super simple thing : change the seats and mainly remake the composition to 1 +1 . 
  so much space now !, 
  i kind of dislike the t3 because a normally tall person can not see a thing out of it . 
  against . 
  relying on russia for energy is a crazy idea . 
  what europe desperately needs is to get rid of this dependance , not build it up even more . 
   do n't put money on bed , you 'll lose them that is perfectly reasonable . 
  if i only could count how many coins i lost in beds and couches ... 
  what is the rent ( if you do not consider that too sensitive , otherwise sorry ) ? 
  seems like you are not paying that much . 
  technically they did , at the very start . 
  your point still stands though , at it is incomparable simply due to the historical periods . 
  1 ) if you state it , i would probably think you are stupid . 
  but you still fall in the non-prosecuted category . 
  but if you organise a rally where you will tell people that blacks are stupid and lesser beings or you will try to lobby and advocate for racial segregation , then its the time . 
  the same with communism . 
  if you believe in communism , i would think you are stupid . 
  if you will actively press for overthrowing the government in a communist revolution , you already should be taken care of . 
  it is not like this does not exist nowadays , we have many laws against hate speech , holocaust denial etc. 
  i do not know why should i prosecute muslims and jews ? 
  that does not make sense . 
  unless you go by the opinion that `` every muslim wants to enslave us and institute sharia law and rape our women , hurr . '', 
  actually exactly that opinion , if you tried to act on it in any way , should get you in problems . 
  2 ) when it is obviously not true ? 
  for example the american problems with teaching evolution . 
  it is obvious that evolution is a fact , so there is no reason to protect creationists and give them space just because they hide their ignorance behind the word `` opinion '' . 
  generally : yes , very apparent . 
  but the circumstances differ . 
  we are used to `` free '' tv . 
  i would say that not even half of households voluntarily pay for some cable or satellite to have something more than what you normally get for the public broadcasting fee . 
  that being said , the tv programming is super shitty and * that * is the reason no young people really watch . 
  if older people actually knew how to entertain themselves on the internet ( it is a different generation after all ) , they would not watch tv either . 
  i personally use the tv just for sports and sometimes news . 
  that is when i am with my parents who have a tv at all . 
  to say it easily : democracy will not defend itself . 
  we have to . 
  so divide political opinions into three categories : 1 ) opinions and political theories directly in conflict with the existence of democracy , with human rights etc. 
  ( racism , communist or fascist ideology ) should be disallowed and their advocates prosecuted ( not necessarily all believers , but those who try to promote those ideologies ) . 
  2 ) `` alternative facts '' = lies and desinformation hiding under the label of `` opinion '' . 
  lie is not an opinion and deserves no protection . 
  3 ) everything else has the right to exist . 
  and this right should be respected and defended even by people who disagree . 
  in other words , you do not have to respect the opinion , but respect its right to exist . 
  speaking of your trump supporters - i think they have `` opinions '' ( categories 1 and 2 ) and opinions ( category 3 ) . 
  so the treatment should be carefully differentiated . 
  most people here are talking about political stuff and different organisation of society and state and whatnot . 
  in consider it a nonsense . 
  we have our way of doing things in europe and you have your idea how to do them in the us . 
  and there is nothing wrong with it . 
  it 's your system and your choice how it will look like and our system is our choice . 
  the only thing that would make me dislike america would be people from the us not having the same mindset toward us ( `` the us is great and everything else is trash ! '' ) . 
  such people probably exist , but it still would n't make me resent the coutry as a whole . 
  there are assholes all over the world . 
  anything between 10 and 30 degrees . 
  if that were the case , they would sooner find it feeling russian i bet . 
  this is some superior trolling . 
  up until now i had a little bit of doubt , now i see you are not serious . 
  finally it is clear how irredeemable you are . 
  so as long as a little bit of ukraine remains , it is not conquering ? 
  syria lost a few planes . 
  ukraine lost 27,000 km2 of territory and 2284000 inhabitants !, 
  did usa annex parts of syria and iraq ? 
  did usa attack its up to then peaceful neighbor ? 
  how ffs is one airstrike on a * military * base `` more heavy-handed '' than stealing a whole region ? 
  ? whataboutism at its best . 
  sorry , not at it 's best , because this fails to find relevant comparisons . 
   there was never any conquering effort they annexed part of a sovereign state !, 
  russia might be concerned about their bases . 
  my personal opinion is that they should first get their internal shit straight before caring about external military bases and playing a world power . 
  but they of course think otherwise . 
  any way , it all comes down to russia invading a sovereign country * without declaration of war * , ( even trying to deny the obvious for years ) , annexing part of they territory they * specifically * guaranteed not to touch , trying to justify it with a phoney `` referendum '' ( so it is not like they tries to play the `` bases '' card ) and continuing to wage war in another country for years despite armistice . 
  if you do something like that , nobody is going to give a shit for your reasoning . 
  the reaction was not appropriate and nobody in the world could care less about some russian naval bases . 
  talking about the us i suppose . 
  i completely agree that they do some questionable shit they probably should n't . 
  in the end it truly comes to the alliance though . 
  the us are ( or were until trump ) a strong ally keen on protecting our values and our prosperity . 
  russia wants nothing else to be an overlord or an enemy , they do not know anything else . 
  1 ) trump is a dumbass and he just wants to distance himself from russia and their support of his campaign . 
  2 ) whatever your propaganda thinks . 
  but is annexation really a normal response ? 
  3 ) that it was in response to your statement that russia `` lets ukraine do whatever as long as they do not touch the bases '' . 
  4 ) i do not understand . 
  do you want to argue russia is democratic and friendly towards the west ? 
  i should have known better than to feed the russian troll . 
  but for the sake of maintaining some logic in this thread : 1 ) western politicians do not like to create russian threat . 
  most of them actually bagatelize it when they pointlessly argue about refugees and ukraine is almost forgotten now . 
  2 ) there is no reason russia would be somehow entitled to military bases anywhere . 
  this whole stems from russia being butthurt about no longer commanding half the world , with a sprinkle of nationalistic imperialism of 19th century flavor . 
  3 ) russia can not just decide to place ultimatums . 
  in the 90s , ukraine gave up its nukes in exchange for guarantee of its borders by russia . 
  well , seems like a dumb decision in retrospective . 
  4 ) nobody thinks russia would go to portugal . 
  but any increase in their power or influence is an essential threat to world security . 
  with their animosity against the west and totalitarian regime , russia must be prevented from fullfilling their imperialistic ambitions . 
  you do not invade a state lead by your puppet , why would you ? 
  but if you think russia is not interested in ukraine , what is donbass then all about ? 
  well i believe that the european capital shall not repeat the mistakes of the u.s. `` d.c. '' arrangement , i imagine rather a normally governed state . 
  do you realise this probably means kicking all belgian institutions , probably even the royal family , out of brussels ?
