  it is a question of empathy , and not wishing upon someone what you yourself would not want for yourself . 
  and i see that this is the fundamental disagreement between us that simply can not be overcome . 
  and more than this , it is about the role of society . 
  i am by no means an anarchist , if you maybe got that sense . 
  but i still maintain the ( liberal ) view , that society and state is there to serve the individual , not the other way around . 
  i very much agree that society and cooperation is necessary to achieve something as a `` mankind '' , if you will . 
  however if some societal goals were to be achieved at the cost of human freedom , or worse , life , they are not worth achieving . 
  the individual ultimately dies and can not neither see nor care what happens with the society/state/country after his death . 
  what matters to him is his life in the present time , and the lives of the people close to him , and those are to be as good and as free as they can be . 
  the notion that there is some `` greater good '' , for which peoples lives and freedoms can be sacrificed is the core of most of authoritarian ideologies . 
  but as you are not fundamentally oposed to autocracy , that is again the core of our disagreement . 
   the theories of equality and rights and freedoms on which liberalism is based are pipe dreams no they are not . 
  liberalism works in a significant portion of the world , the greatest portion since the inception of human history , even though it may seem threatened in the last decade . 
  millions of people live free , make collective decisions to shape their lives and know how to agree or disagree with each other respectfully and without violence . 
  and it in no way stands in the way of your idea of societal progress : the democratic parts of the world are the most developed areas by far . 
  maybe somewhere sometime an enlightened autocracy would do something better ... but in the end , who decides what is better ? 
  a dictator can not declare some goals preferable for society on his own . 
  society is made up of individuals , and what is good for the individuals is good for the society itself . 
  it is about empathy ; and here we are at the start again . 
  every czech outside of ostrava ( and even many of those who live there , like an entire branch of my family ) wonders exactly the same . 
  exactly this . 
  now try to explain that to the political representation of ostrava ( and the region ) with its inferior complex or what it is that makes them constantly try to make their airport happen , although katowice is about 90 km away and everybody flies from there anyway . 
   because people should be more concerned about the well being of their countries than their own well being . 
  precisely the opposite . 
  this is how wars start . 
  this is how millions die for nothing . 
  a country is a social construct . 
  we are all people , and we all deserve to live the best lives that we can . 
  countries are irrelevant if they stand in the way of individual freedom , equality and prosperity . 
  what does it give you that your country is `` great '' or `` powerful '' or `` influential '' if you starve and all your friends/family die in wars ? 
  a good feeling ? 
  seriously , i would like to know the reasoning that got you to that statement . 
  of course , i have always wondered how such clauses are to be used , because in a situation when they are needed , usually the constitutional power checks do not work anymore , so they are not enforceable . 
  however it at least is something for the opposition to latch onto , if they so willed . 
  as a sidenote , it seems quite strange to me as foreigner to protect things like national anthem or capital city with an eternal clause . 
  does this have some historical reason ? 
  a question : does the current turkish constitution not have an eternal clause ? 
  something like `` any amendments to this constitution singnificantly violating the nature of liberal democratic state are inherently invalid '' . 
  lots of democratic constitutions have that ... the actual application would be a different matter , of course . 
  ... with a thunderous applause . 
  you are joking , but have you ever seen the innsbruck airport ? 
  the planes trying to fit into the valley are an amazing sight . 
  if * only * we knew who it was ... 
   ideologically opposed to the soviet union/warsaw pact * governments * ftfy, 
  i think it is only fair . 
  they can keep their culture , as long as they accept estonian ( for example ) * citizenship * . 
  those are very different things . 
  you can be of russian culture as much as you like if you accept the state you live in is a different one and do not cause problems like the russians do in ukraine . 
  i see the '' / s '' , but still want to answer your question : not exactly . 
  since 16 or so you usually go to the pub with friends occasionally . 
  so you grab a few beers there , nothing devastating . 
  after all , it is cheaper than water ... on the other hand it happens that kids around 15 tend to buy cheap alcohol and get totally trashed somewhere ( usually on a school trip ) . 
  after one try when people realize hangover is shitty , they usually grow up from such experiments . 
  in czechia it is 18 for everything . 
  not that anyone is bothered by such limits ( see the map ) . 
  i know the german system very well ( used to get advantage of it when i was 16 and visiting germany ) and agree it is rather neat . 
  you can kind of `` grow accustomed '' to alcohol . 
  however as i wrote above , that is in the theoretical case when everyone follows the rules . 
  i think austria has a 16 years limit for light alcohol ( beer and wine ) , or am i mistaken ? 
  it is so in germany at least, 
  it 's perfectly fine , it only seems little odd in comparison with the drinking limit . 
  if someone is considered responsible enough to drive a car , why is he not responsible enough to have a beer ? 
  at least the consequences of irresponsible drinking seem less dangerous to me that those of irresponsible driving . 
  most of them probably do ( tune in to the propaganda ) . 
  but by blocking the net you ensure that neither the minority willing to find sources would be unable to . 
   i am talking about access to the internet outside of russia . 
  do you want them to hear nothing but putin 's propaganda ? 
  this would totally kill the already weak opposition in russia . 
  people need to have outside sources of information , and where are they going to get them except western internet ? 
   think before you speak . 
  german is influence is just as bad as the su was . 
  last time i checked , there were no german tanks on the streets and noone was being thrown in jail over disliking germany . 
  so i kindly ask * you * to think before you speak . 
  you just invoked the godwin 's law . 
  i see your point , but i still think being uninformed is primarily the fault of the voter . 
  as i wrote the campaign was long and the information were one google search away . 
  by saying they are simply incapable of making an informed choice , you actually disrespect them . 
  i find it important to stress they had every right to vote what they voted - only that this right brings responsibility with it , and motivation , be it breitbart or religious upbringing , is no excuse here . 
  i understand what you are trying to say , but i find it important to underline one thing : while it may be understandable why jules/alan/joshua did not want to vote for macron/remain/clinton , they did actually go and vote for le pen/leave/trump . 
  that was their free decision , made after a long campaign , that left them more than enough time and opportunities to inform themselves what they were doing . 
  their situation does not make them not responsible for their choice . 
  they knowingly picked what they picked and they have to face the consequences , among them the judgment of others . 
  if you vote for a politician who is racist , xenophobic and bigoted , you absolutely deserve to be called a racist and xenophobic bigot , no matter what your motivation was . 
  you have made your choice . 
  you knew what you voted for , and if you were ignorant and did not know , it is only your fault . 
  so let 's stop pretending the people `` stood up for themselves '' , `` made a protest vote '' , or even that `` a russian-hacked campaign made them do it '' . 
  no , they themselves did it , they were in the voting booth alone , absolutely free to vote how they wished . 
  noone and nothing can absolve them from the responsibility . 
  that 's how democracy works . 
  you may read thousand russian propaganda articles and believe thousand populist promises , but in the end it is your vote and your decision and your consequences to handle . 
  i am afraid spain would be a problem here . 
  they are ready to veto scotland to make them an horrifying example and dissuade catalonia from its own independence . 
  yeah i assumed that , my bad for asking wrong questions . 
  but why is it so that those lands are so scarcely populated ( especially compared to sachsen which shares similar history ) ? 
  can anyone explain why is brandenburg and mv so much darker than the rest of germany ? 
  seems odd . 
  would say it is a gdr thing , if it was n't for sachsen being bright ... 
  hm , i beg to differ . 
  czechoslovakia was rather well-off compared to its neighbors to the east in the interwar period . 
  after wwii , in which we avoided large-scale damage , we had the perfect position to assume a place in the western world .
