  so please let 's not be like trump and do not throw shit at allies . 
  or do not be like erdogan , if you prefer a stronger comparison . 
  well it is the best we got , folks , believe me . 
  there is nothing better than democracy , you can trust me . 
  i know democracy like nobody else , nobody is better at democracy than me . 
  and i tell you , we are going to have the best democracy ever . 
  well it is a question of wanting . 
  here in czechia it is kind of a big issue now that the owner of the coal mines in ostrava region decided to shut them down . 
  of course these mines had provided employment for thousands . 
  during the communist regime miners were heavily adored by the ideology , enjoying high social status , recieving the highest wages , early retirement etc. 
  after the fall of communism , the mines were privatized ( and rumor has it some corruption was involved , but that is not so important here ) . 
  for a long time , it was publicly known the mining industry is inprofitable and is in heavy loss ( there was not so much coal in the ground , to the point where mining was economically unsustainable ) . 
  what i want to stress is , that for 25 years it was known that the coal industry is in decline . 
  majority of the miners absolutely failed to requalify or otherwise care for their future . 
  nowadays there are strikes and the * state * is blamed for `` not caring '' . 
  it should , according to the people , subsidize the economically unsustainable mining operations , preferably ad infinitum . 
  so while there may be occasions when the change is sudden and the people are left behind , what would you say to people who have known 25 years in advance they are going to lose their jobs , but still refused to adapt ? 
  yes , and without broader education maybe it is harder for them to see the complexity of most issues like eu and immigration , so they are more likely to fall for simple solutions and unfullfillable promises of the populists . 
  what about letting all the people decide who they want to rule over them every 4 or 5 years , dividing the power between different branches of government keeping each other in check , all while the competence and qualifications of the leaders are watched by independent media ? 
  i believe they were higher a week ago in the polls , were n't they ? 
  so there really is a lot to celebrate . 
  could probably the erdogan shitstorm and its quite moderate handling by rutte in the last week contribute to the fall of pvv ? 
  the graphs at the bottom of the nos map really speak volumes . 
  especially the one concerning education . 
  oh my , when do you retire now ? 
  here if anyone would dare to propose * increasing * to 65 the left ( and the general public too ) would tear him into pieces . 
  that is solved by envelopes here . 
  basically the officially stamped envelope is given to you by the election comittee when you show them your id and it is this envelope that effectively restricts you to one vote ( the ballots are distributed in excessive amounts everywhere ) . 
  a ballot without an envelope is invalid . 
  that is so stupid . 
  coming from a country where the russians try to influence pretty much everything all the time , i really can not fathom how this is so strange for americans . 
  i mean , even if russians launched some propaganda , which they again do on a regular basis , it is not like they hacked the * actual results * . 
   single majority of 25 % say what ... ? 
  thanks to reddit i finally know why is my facebook feed full of flamingos . 
  so much this . 
  i was taught in school that election are : 1 ) general 2 ) equal 3 ) direct 4 ) secret . 
  you simply can not achieve something like that with electronic voting , even if we put security aside . 
  first two points are easy but * direct * ? 
  will the election commitee check via a webcam whether it really is you giving the vote ? 
  and secrecy is even harder , literally nothing can prevent anyone to intervene with your voting if you do it at home . 
  unlike in the voting booth . 
  edits for bad english , feeling ashamed . 
  a quick question to the dutch colleagues : can it be said which parties are traditionally strong in the rural part of the country and which in big cities ? 
  just to know which way the intermediate results are likely to slide because results from cities coming later . 
  very nice . 
  i loved the comments about wilders `` becoming president '' the most . 
  oh no , you beat me to it . 
  i do n't know whether to be more apalled or amazed about the existence of such insult . 
  your language is wonderful . 
  that is why they are called the top 20 % i suppose . 
  really , nothing outrageous or even irregular to be seen here . 
   russia had to fight them in un tooth and nail to stop direct intervention then proceeded to wait for some time and intervene itself , wiping its ass with the un . 
  if the intervention was un-sanctioned , it would be legal . 
  that is what un is for . 
   russia also drops bombs in russia in military drills i doubt they drop them on hospitals . 
  if yes , my amazement re : the popular support for putin would be even higher than it is now . 
   syrian government which asked help to fight is , alqaeda and groups who are allied to those terrorist organisations and russia proceeded to bomb aleppo rather than actually care about isis . 
  no matter what arguments you bring and no matter how far i am willing to concede , you simply can not make russia seem better and more just that the west here . 
  they are imperialistic expansionists willing to violate every treaty , convention to protect their military bases . 
  which is understadable , but despicable nonetheless . 
  well you are not wrong in general ... but the initial argument was referencing syria , where neither us nor eu directly intervene , yet still they were attacked for `` deciding to displace [ assad ] '' . 
  by russians , that actually drop bombs on syria . 
  that is outrageous . 
  i never said that this is right . 
  but do you not see the irony of * russia * moralizing about military interventions in a sovereign country ? 
   reign down fury on all european nazis `` shit . '', 
  - the afd , probably, 
   what happens if a member of nato bombs another member well obviously , whoever is the first to invoke article 5 wins . 
  i suggest the netherlands hold their hands on the phones to have a headstart . 
  a problem nobody has adressed here is that sanctions being lifted is like the last thing putin needs ... he would lose a significant point of his external enemy rhetoric ... something every totalitarian sorely needs . 
  who are russian politicians to decide to support him against the will of syrians . 
  let them solve it among themselves . 
  really , statements like these coming from russia of all countries would be like if a clearly fascist regime invaded an independent country claiming their new government is fascist ... oh , wait ... 
   ironically religious in nature it really can be said so . 
  i consider human rights as something which simply naturally exists and what can not be effectively defended if someone wants to disprove it . 
  it is like if you told me that people are born without hands . 
  they are not , but how do you prove this ? 
  and that attitude really can be defined as religious . 
  but i fail to see the irony you are referencing , liberalism is in no way opposed to religion ... 
  however the very fact that we are having a rather civil discussion about these matters is actually very refreshing and fills me with hope re : democratic future . 
  you do not have to use all three , you do not have to use any at all . 
  the few front candidates are usually already well-known mps , so an informed voter who has done some research knows . 
  it is common to circle the leader , if you want to express that you like him personally ; the numbers of `` circles '' are always used as a significant measure of political popularity . 
  it also happens that people deliberately circle the last three on the list when they really do not like the party leadership . 
  it already happened that some regional leaders failed to get to the parliament because of that , what effectively ended their career in politics . 
  oh i get it now . 
  so the result is about the same as here , really only the design of the ballots differs . 
  we choose a party by choosing a ballot , then we have three preferential votes ( `` circles '' ) instead of one . 
  candidates are then ordered exactly like in your system . 
  interesting . 
  here you have to choose the party first , select their ballot , and then you can express your opinion on the actual candidates within the party through a rather complicated process called `` circling candidates '' . 
  however only one party goes into the envelope - if you would put two papers in , your vote is invalid . 
  completely irrelevant , but i am amazed at the sight of all 21 parties from last time crammed into that one paper . 
  we put them on separate ballots so such problem never arises here . 
  are you allowed to vote for candidates across parties or is it just a `` tradition '' to put all on one ballot ? 
  that 's funny when you consider that preventing people to go `` dr\u00fcben '' was like the key issue of the communists . 
  ok , it is more sad than funny , but still . 
   ask yourself this , what is an individual worth ? 
  everything . 
  not because of some defined `` value '' , but simply because it is a human being deserving to live .
