  if the uk is getting screwed as well , we should suddenly be okay with everything ? 
   why do you even buy that crap ? 
  again just fish fingers and i do not understand why are you so pretentious about it . 
  it is not like yout taste is the only right taste in the world . 
  i personally do not like fish fingers either , but unlike you i respect and understand that there are people that do . 
   buy something local have you ever been in a supermarket here ? 
  do you know how the product structure looks like ? 
  you can get local basic groceries , yes , and most people buy them anyway , that is not the problem . 
  maybe we wo n't starve , but i think we are a bit further than that in europe already . 
  what are we talking about are international , branded products , not milk and eggs . 
  you can say we can survive without them but i refuse to accept producers shitting on my head just because i can survive anyway . 
  remember , we are not asking for having better products automatically , not at all . 
  the only thing we ask for is not being bullshited to believe our inferior products are the same quality as elsewhere when it is n't true . 
  most brands sold here label their products in german even when those are not sold in germany . 
  i think it is a marketing strategy ( `` look , german quality ! '' ) . 
  but anyway , i do not claim the right to have everything available here . 
  i just say that all over the single market , wherever you buy a product with the same name , you should get the same product . 
  that does not mean that everything should be available anywhere , that is still up to the companies to decide . 
  same label = same product . 
  all across the single market . 
  and we have the eu to enforce that . 
  if they use a different label for lower quality products , that 's fine . 
  should we die of hunger ? 
  not everybody lives close enough to german and austrian border ( those who do really * do * go grocery shopping abroad ) . 
  even as a dictator , you have to be completely bollocks to write genocide into law . 
  the nazis were and the commies were not . 
  yet that does not make the victims less dead , does it ? 
  how can the communists be any better just because they refused to admit to their crimes ? 
  millions were murdered under the swastika , and thus swastika is unacceptable . 
  and millions were murdered under communist symbols , and thus communist symbols are unacceptable . 
  i am absolutely sure that the names of the mountains are n't new , yes . 
  they even have their german variants , so it is not as only the czechs invented them . 
  as i said in the previous comment , the historical usage of the broader term `` sudety '' is unclear to me . 
  i believe it is used as a term in geology . 
  edit : i found [ a source ] ( https://cs.wikipedia.org/wiki/krkono%c5%a1sko-jesenick%c3%a1_subprovincie?wprov=sfla1 ) . 
  so the term was never in common usage . 
  geology used it as a term , but even that was changed in the 70s . 
  for us they are ( and were always so ) a numerous number of different mountain ranges . 
  i mean , i am aware of this usage of the term `` sudety '' , but i doubt an average person knows this . 
  and i am really unsure whether the term was ever used in czech language in the first place . 
  i think some come to visit . 
  but land purchases and living there ? 
  i think there would be a lot of fuss about that . 
  the german expelling still is a hot topic and most of the people living there now are , how to say it , politically on the very edge of the spectrum that way or another ( remember what population structure they came from ) . 
  they have ( nowadays irrational ) fears that the germans would be compensated or return some other way , and believe it or not , this topic can even sway elections , now in the 21st century . 
  the poorest , yes . 
  of course some parts recovered better than others . 
  the nortwest of bohemia is the worst . 
  partly due to almost non-existent original czech population , partly to destruction caused by communist government and its desire to get coal and uranium out of the ground at any cost . 
  the people living there are ( in 90 % ) people who have been , sometimes forcefully , moved in to repopulate after expelling the germans . 
  they came from all over czechoslovakia , they have been just promised an empty german house ( [ poster ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_qlbkztu_yx8/te0crwi0oxi/aaaaaaaadb8/fjxrexy7wlu/s1600/poj\u010f+s+n\u00e1mi.jpg ) ) and a new start in life . 
  you can imagine what sort of population structure you get from something like that . 
  adventurers , thieves , unsuccessful and unemployed people . 
  and mostly - nobody with any cultural or emotional attachment to his neighbors , let alone the country itself . 
  it was ( and partly still is today ) the biggest communist base . 
  so really the only thing those regions have in common is poverty , misery and disastrous election results . 
  if you want to see some old 19th century industrial architecture , go there , the region is spotted with decaying german industrial heritage until now . 
  in the mountains there are lots of empty villages basically left as the germans left them in 1945 ( only looted for valuables obviously ) . 
  anecdotal fact : the smallest `` town '' in the czech republic is p\u0159ebuz , with the population of 73 ( ! ) . 
  it is obviously a mostly abandoned german town ( which was restored to town status in 2007 ) . 
  we use the term sudetenland ( cs : `` sudety '' ) only in specific context . 
  when discussing history or somehow describing the former german regions when it is relevant that they were german . 
  example sentence : `` sudetenland still has not recovered from the expulsion of germans , what makes it such a disaster . '', 
  so what is the point ? 
  that commies were better at hiding their atrocities so they get a pass ? 
  both a swastika and a hammer and sickle were normal symbols that did not offend anyone . 
  in both cases a murderous regime came and twisted their meaning so they are unacceptable now . 
  the problem is that other nationalities do not have the german historical experience with nazism and the ( admirable ) awareness that comes with it . 
  true . 
  but what political symbols are offensive to whom is truly just a question of feelings . 
   it feels to me very wrong to equate them with nazism and that is exactly the issue of near vs far . 
  do not take it bad , i completely understand why as a german you feel this way , but people from other parts of the world take it differently . 
  title mentions ( apparently wrongly ) eu though . 
  who does n't ? 
  it is where the word comes from . 
  how do you call it in dutch ? 
  what is everybody trying to tell you and what you fail to understand is that some guy saying `` it 's how the market works '' does not mean that that truly is how the market works . 
  the guy was an unbelievable asshole , but it has nothing to do with free market , no matter what he did or did not say . 
  that is quite a silly premise . 
  of course there is going to be place for cyclists if you put the cars away , duh . 
  but you have to put them * somewhere * ... you may be hating on cars as much as you like , but they still are needed for a city to survive . 
  by closing roads for cars without providing alternative ways what you get is increase in traffic on other streets that were never designed to carry such traffic and the whole area collapses . 
  everybody has to fit on the road network , neither group ( cyclists , pedestrians , cars ) can have everything for themselves . 
   i have talked about europe in general then i completely agree of course . 
   prague astronomical clock the neogotic wing of the old town hall was destroyed , but not as a result of aerial bombardment , but it burned down during the 1945 uprising . 
  [ link ( cs ) ] ( https://cs.wikipedia.org/wiki/starom%c4%9bstsk%c3%a1_radnice?wprov=sfla1 ), 
   so much was destroyed i do not think we are the ones to complain . 
  except for like two airraids on prague our historical monuments survived unscathed . 
  what about poland , uk , germany ? 
   ( cry me a river czechs ) czech attitude to this : no problem with `` former-east '' or even `` east '' when discussing history . 
  lots of problems when `` east '' is used in discussion of contemporary matters . 
  those `` ulterior motives '' are pleasing the voterbase to get reelected . 
  that is how democracy works . 
  that is why we have elections - not so you can decide who is in power , that is in the end irrelevant , but so they care about what you want . 
  of course not , i was talking about the legality of accusations of protectionism . 
  maybe i am too naive . 
  would he not have to prove causality though ? 
  simple correlation means nothing ( at least in statistics ) . 
  what i am getting at that free market protection is the exact opposite of `` protectionism '' , which is , on the other hand , trying to skew the free market . 
  how could possibly an anti-trust measure that enforces free market be considered `` european protectionism '' ?
