  which encompasses display of nazi symbols , nazi salutes in public etc. 
  and should apply to communists all the same , however the enforcement is rather vague and unconvincing on the communist side . 
  why , that is not clear to me at all . 
  lawsuits have been fought about in courts , with no relevant results . 
  so even though i hate to admit so , communists are rather free to display everything they want and say whatever they want without real consequences . 
   may not always be mutual do n't worry , we love you too !, 
  it is mandatory to be taught in school since age 11 . 
  but many schools actually start earlier ( i started at age 8 ) . 
  it is the most known foreign language . 
  in my social bubble , consisting of university students mostly , i know nobody who would not be able to hold conversation in english with relative ease . 
  however that does not apply to other people at all . 
  mostly the older people know nothing , since they never had a chance to learn . 
  and especially in the rural areas of the country , they do not need to fix it . 
  in cities which get a lot of tourists , it usually forces people to learn at least few basic words , although they speak with a terrible accent . 
  yes yes , i am exaggerating . 
  the time i visited , the guides had some clothing problems with the visitors . 
  it apparently seemed to them some girls had `` too short skirts to be respectful '' . 
  it was 35 degrees ffs . 
  here we go again . 
  do you think that the people in the east in the 30s and 40s , when they supported communism ( and there were many who did ) , imagined this `` oligarchical dictatorship '' ? 
  some were of course motivated by greed or jealousy agaist the wealthy classes , but many thought the communist cause was genuine , they imagined this paradise-communism everybody was talking about . 
  they were horribly wrong , because in reality , communism was never like that , and could not ever have been . 
  even if you think it is a good thing to live in a society of equals , it is not achievable without ideal people . 
  i hope you understand it worries me when i see some young people today repeating the mistake and refusing to learn from history . 
  it mostly happens in the west , which does not have the historical background , but still . 
  moreover , i see something not unlike the recently emergent trump supporters in the us among them . 
  those neocommunists will simply not let themselves be educated by people who know better than them , they believe their ignorance or , to put it better , naivety is as good as our historical experience . 
  this is on my part even more complicated that those neocommunists usually mean well and their motives are noble and understandable . 
  however if their movements were to gain some traction in europe , i and others of the former east would have no more choice than fight them to death . 
  so i prefer trying to talk it out of everyone i encounter before that happens . 
  so i think i know two things that go by that name and are likely to be the issue of your question . 
  1 ) the golf tournament . 
  absolutely unpopular , i literally only know the name . 
  2 ) series of tennis tournaments a level lower than the grand slam . 
  tennis is really popular here and many people follow it . 
  the master 's however are hindered here in czechia by the absolutely shitty , almost non-existent tv coverage . 
   i am not trying to advocate for marxism , i simply care about historical accuracy happy to hear this , so we are on the same boat . 
  yet i still fail to see any irony or hypocrisy in my previous comments . 
   you were implicitly criticizing people who think that the communist regimes of the 20th century did n't practice `` real communism '' while i truly criticise them quite often , here i simply wanted to point out that i do not wish such debate to occur and that the communism i describe as conservative is the one that happened in practise . 
   you criticized marx for his dislike of real liberalism , the problems of which he had actual experience with , rather than your idealized version of it yes i did , and i think that , at least in the context of gun control we are debating here , rightfully . 
  you brought up marx ( a 19th century theoretical scientist ) into a debate about real communism of the 20th century . 
  while your description of his problems with the people calling themselves liberal at the point explains a lot of his `` liberal bourgeoisie '' quote , he still in my opinion failed when he ascribed the actions of those people to the liberal idea as a whole ( because when he was creating the very theoretical core of his movement , he definetely meant `` liberal bourgeoisie '' to mean the ideas , not the concrete people ? ), 
  and i still maintain the conviction that gun freedom is a liberal cause by definition . 
  something he argued against . 
  meh , it is so hyped and when i visited , i was like : this is all ? 
  moreover , i found their enforced `` respect for the dead '' kind of funny . 
  i mean , it was not me who took the remnants of hundreds of people to build a tourist attraction of it , was it ? 
  this is however not to say op should not visit kutn\u00e1 hora , there are many more stunning attractions around . 
  just do not get yourself overhyped by exactly this . 
   i hope you see the irony here no i see no irony , you are mixing two debates together . 
  u/theeatinggames used the communist party as an example why he thinks the two-axial graph does not work . 
  so i illustrated the position of the communist party on the graph to explain it . 
  for this , i of course used the real communist party , the one we were talking about . 
  as i said , i will not get driven into some disgusting neomarxist debate about what is ideal communism like . 
  meanwhile , i was still explaining the graph . 
  the graph utilises classical liberalism as an extreme point on one of the axes . 
  so here i am explaining a theoretical idea , describing how the axes work . 
  the position of any party , no matter from which century and no matter how it calls itself , has absolutely nothing to do with it . 
  btw , if you maybe try to sell me marxism by illustrating their stance on gun freedom , you can save the effort , i am staunchly opposed to both  . 
  here we are again , winding ourselves into the webs of political definitions . 
  i am trying to offer an explanation how the two-axial graph works . 
   there is nothing `` conservative '' about communism , i 'm not sure where you got that impression . 
  i got that impression from living in a post-communist country and knowing my history . 
  the last thing i want is getting into yet another tiring debate about how `` ideal '' communism would or would not be a sunny paradise . 
  the real communism was conservative as hell , though . 
   liberal bourgeoisie seems as another proof about how delusional that man was , if he really said this exactly . 
  one would think that a political scientist ( above all one in a not-yet-so-complicated 19th century ) would know the original definition of liberalism , which is `` belief in human rights , individual freedoms and minimal government '' . 
  and that is also a definition i am using to explain the graph . 
  so yes , gun freedom is a liberal agenda ( and extreme liberal at that ) . 
  it is important that everybody sees it , even if it is a horrible experience . 
  we do not want it reopened thanks to ignorance , do we ? 
  furthermore one does not contradict the other , quite the opposite , it is really convenient to combine a visit to auschwitz with a visit to krakow , which is a win-win . 
   boy i 'd love to see some castles than i recommend [ festung k\u00f6nigstein ] ( https://www.festung-koenigstein.de/en/ ) . 
  it is maybe not worth chasing across europe for , but if you happen to be within 200 kms of it ( for example in prague ) , it is a must-see . 
  if you are into nature at least a little bit , the whole surrounding area ( [ saxon ] ( http://www.saechsische-schweiz.de/en.html ) - [ bohemian ] ( https://www.ceskesvycarsko.cz/en/ ) switzerland ) is really worth seeing . 
  someone already recommended auschwitz and i can not agree more . 
  just wanting to drive your attention to an additional holocaust memorial in [ terez\u00edn ] ( http://www.pamatnik-terezin.cz/en?lang=en ) is this general area . 
  so really a worthy day or two-day trip from prague . 
  becauase apparently ( from other comments ) the op is using some weird definition of `` social left '' and `` social right '' , which is what they call liberalism and conservatism in denmark . 
  to make it more messy , the weird american use of `` liberalism '' on the * economic * axis confuses this even more . 
  communists are far-left + far-conservative , so in this graph `` far-left + far-right '' . 
  a party who would let you keep your guns is far-liberal , regardless of where they are economically ( in op 's words `` something + far-left '' ) . 
  so if you translate into this terms and do not let yourself be confused by all the definitions , really all positions can be expressed by the two axes . 
  also it is handy to choose what * you * believe , not to try to bend your opinion into some political parties ' views . 
  i recommend [ this ] ( https://www.politicalcompass.org ) if you want to assess your position more clearly on the two axes . 
  we use a very similar one , but we label the up-down axis `` liberal '' vs `` conservative '' . 
  [ like here ] ( https://www.politicalcompass.org ) . 
  thanks to that i find your way very confusing , especially in our political setting , which is an opposite of the american one ( economical left is usually conservative , economic right liberal ) . 
  yes , it is really the issue of distance . 
  we of course support the us and see them as the good guys , because , all pride aside , without them russia would have us for breakfast . 
  in a post-communist country , this is strenghtened by the fact that we , unlike the then-first-world , did not have the luxury of analysing all proxy wars and intervention of the cold war . 
  for us , every us intervention against soviet influence was automatically just and righteous , even though in the detailed local perspective it may not have been so . 
  well i never said i would compare them to the germans either . 
  but still rather than to russians . 
  maybe this is about german-polish relations being for the most part repaired , while the history with russians still continues . 
  geographically , it is pretty easy . 
  it is what is west from me , duh . 
  politically i use the maybe a little broader definition than others ... 
  i would compare the definition to terms like `` the democratic world '' . 
  so usa , canada , the eu , other democratic countries in europe ( yes , i shamessly promote my country as western ) .
