  it is a must-read type of book . 
  otherwise he did something about the byzantine empire that i have yet to read , as i said . 
  great idea , and i love your use of diacritics for simplyfication !, 
  dis \u0161ud be sertnly meyd ryaliti . 
   historical fiction this is going to be something you already know , but i strongly suggest anything by lion feuchtwanger or mika waltari . 
  btw . 
  you just gave me an idea what to read , i totally forgot i still have to read some waltari 's novels . 
  did not happen to me yet , as far as i know at least . 
  well that means i already do go undercover , since this does not apply to me at all lol . 
  honestly , how do you tell somebody is czech ? 
  asking obviously to blend in better the next time and disrupt your recognition abilities , wink . 
  [ relocations happen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mountfield_hk?wprov=sfla1 ) . 
  but hardcore fans consider them punishable by death basically . 
  what i linked happen 3 or 4 years ago , yet there is bad blood about it in the fan community until now . 
  are you talking about the language we read in or the nationality of authors ? 
  i read quite a lot i think , or i used to before university started claiming all my time . 
  the majority of books i obviously read in czech , my native language . 
  i have read some in english and german , but really only a few , not even a percent i would say . 
  the translations are usually very good and do not take anything from the enjoyment - at least i hope so . 
  and this obviously is representative of the country as a whole . 
  speaking of authors , i read everything from domestic and world literature honestly . 
  i have read czech authors , german authors , french , swedish , british , finnish , dutch , american authors , everything . 
  how this is representative i dare not to judge - it seems people in general read less and less nowadays . 
  edit to reply to last question : i am up for anything really , but what i would put in first place is either sci-fi or historical fiction . 
  the right to revolution is governed by international law i believe . 
  and in summary it says that any people technically has the right to replace its government by any means necessary , however provided that all normal , non-violent , constitutional means of change are being consistently denied or non-existent ( = totalitarianism ) . 
  resorting to violence before you even tried to excercise impeachment is definitely illegal and should be condemned . 
  as far as i know , the us is a troubled , yet a functioning democracy . 
  i think you have to step back a little bit and find a more wider perspective . 
  compare your situation with countries that * really * are in political trouble . 
  if your country would really be turning into a dictatorship , you would not be sitting down and typing those things , you would be in jail or dead for your opinions . 
  as there is no evidence of the people of the us being oppressed , denied their rights to execute political powers through constitutional means etc. , the world is going to accept every leadership that comes out of the system . 
  that nowadays being the trump presidency . 
  if you want to get rid of him , do it legally . 
  impeach . 
  it really was cancelled and only the lower difficulty level remained . 
  resulting in the math test being laughably easy yet somehow still allegedly 30 % people across the country failing it . 
  not everyone goes to university . 
  however once you are in , stopping at bachelor is basically considered failing the school . 
  this is of course due to `` structured studies '' ( = division in bachelor and master ) being quite a new concept in czechia . 
  some schools ( notably medicine ) do not utilise it even now . 
  the abbreviation `` bc . 
  '' , denoting bachelor degree here , basically is considered only to belong in one place : the cover of your master 's thesis . 
  personally i do not care as long as they speak english . 
  i can not claim to represent the whole population on this though . 
  the point is such occurence is quite rare here . 
  we have a few vietnamese of the older generation who speak very poorly , but i do not think anybody has a problem with that . 
  ukrainian people usually learn czech quite quickly , although they keep their accent most of the time . 
  people only have problems with them when they mistake them for russians . 
  speaking of russians , i do not think those who are in czechia are in majority actually citizens or even live `` normal '' lives here . 
  ( obligatory mention of slovaks . 
  that obviously is no problem at all , i even prefer them speaking slovak than learning czech , i think it is better for both parties ) . 
  they consider their language the best language in the world and think everybody has to speak it . 
  they behave like they never noticed the cold war is over and we are no longer their pet dogs . 
  of course this is not about every russian tourist , but it is quite common . 
  bonus points if their outfit screams `` i am russian '' ( tracksuit in the city centre/expensive suit + sportshoes etc. ), 
  from a kilometer away . 
  you obviously have no experience dealing with russians ( of the arrogant sort ) . 
  i only deal with them as tourists and it is enough for me to stand with the estonians on this . 
  man , you used to be good . 
  there were even world 's in poland ( 1976 for example ) . 
  and is slowly getting better now - if i am right , you almost make the top division every year . 
  one year it must happen . 
  i am dead now , thanks . 
  insanely popular . 
  especially the games of the world championship basically bring the whole country to a stop . 
  they easily get more than 50 % share of tv viewership . 
  to illustrate : several times i was unable to watch and was travelling somewhere . 
  i witnessed ( and was a part of ) a group of complete strangers on a train flocking around a guy streaming the game on a phone . 
  and mind that talking to strangers is pretty much considered weird here . 
  that is nice to hear . 
  i always root for your national team not to get relegated from the world 's and i always wonder whether anyone in slovenia actually cares at least as much as i do . 
  we need more snow !, 
  there is nothing more depressing than a snowless winter with cold overcast weather lasting for months . 
  and the summer periods of temperatures continuously exceeding 30 \u00b0 c for many weeks can get a bit unpleasant . 
  not such a big deal as winter though . 
  okay than like calling poland `` lesser poland '' , if you want the linguistic similarity . 
  although in english `` bohemia '' and `` czechia '' have no common roots . 
  my point is bohemia only describes one part of the country , not the country as a whole . 
  '' \u010cechy '' and '' \u010cesko '' are different words with different meanings . 
  they do !, 
  the long version is still the official name . 
  czechia only got introduced because english was basically the only language without a short one-word form . 
  so you are free to use both of course !, 
  that would be wrong though . 
  that would be like calling germany `` bavaria '' or poland `` mazovia '' . 
  when i was little my family had this !, 
  then it broke down and my parents never replaced it , saying we do not fry that much anyway . 
  now neither i nor anybody i know have one . 
  i have not actually seen this for 15 years at least . 
  even czechia would normally be enough ... 
  but who would trust our politicians ? 
  ukraine is just the safest bet . 
  and mind that by the time russia would be about to join , ukraine would most probably already have been accepted ... 
  as long as putin is in power , then never . 
  so his opinions do not really matter . 
  is n't italy pretty much the definition of `` southern '' though ? 
   does n't mean it 's same for everybody exactly what i am trying to say !, 
  that it is just my case . 
   does that mean nobody should bother learning language , because they might make mistakes in it ?
