  a confederation . 
  the confederation would only be active in areas specified by the constitution . 
  i am thinking something like exclusivity in defense , foreign affairs , currency + shared authority with the states on infrastructure , taxation , social policy , technical standardisation . 
  very limited authority in law enforcement maybe ( some federal institutions as the fbi ) . 
  the structure of the federal organs strictly following divide between federal , state and popular interest . 
  lower house of parliament elected directly in a proportional system with a pan-european ballot ( that way you avoid mps having any connection to states or regions ) . 
  upper house of parliament delegated by the state governments . 
  one state , one vote . 
  government ( commitee ) headed by a chancellor requiring confidence of the lower house . 
  capital is a problem . 
  i strongly believe the capital should be a city-state on its own . 
  will belgium give up brussels ? 
  maybe france may give up strassbourg . 
  maybe austria would give up vienna ? 
  ( they hate them anyway , right ? 
  i bet the rest of czechia would give up prague any day  ) . 
  this is so sad because it is so true - tl ; dr : average person is dumb . 
  if i am going to vote , i do my research , right ? 
   should people vote for communists itself when they already vote for a former stb agent ? 
  if they do not have problem with that , i can not see why they should have problems with communists . 
  i actually suspect the commies will not end up that well this time , babi\u0161 will eat some of their electorate . 
   i completely understand the reasons why they voting for him well , i do n't . 
  how can babi\u0161 appear as not corrupt in comparison with others is beyond me . 
  and the government during whose rule economy is being better is as much a government of \u010cssd and kdu as babi\u0161 . 
  yet for some magical reason it does not work for them ? 
   west from there and east from there even more, 
  of course . 
  but the fact that the communist government went to such great lengths to forbid women from having abortions certainly does not support the notion that abortions were `` not a big deal '' to them or even that they were normally accessible . 
  it is similar to what is now in poland , and that is not an abortion-friendly environment by any means . 
  the communists were very much conservative in this matter , they only probably did not want to agree with the church so they invented a new way how to bully women . 
   abortion was not a big deal i beg to disagree . 
  i am too young to remember personally , but from what was told to me and as [ wikipedia agrees as well ] ( https://cs.wikipedia.org/wiki/potrat#potratovost?wprov=sfla1 ) , abortion was legalized in 1958 , but until 1987 was subject to decision of abortion commitees , which , leaving out their embarassing and cruel nature , only rarely admitted the abortion except for very serious medical reasons . 
  anybody can become a minister , that is if the prime minister chooses him and the government as a whole gains confidence of the parliament . 
  more often than not mps become ministers , but to be a minister without any legislative mandate is no exception either . 
  you do not have to give up your seat when becoming a minister , although there have been discussions of introducing so-called `` sliding mandate '' . 
  that would mean that the mp only would lose the seat for the time they are a minister , and their respective replacement would take it for the time - when the minister would lose the ministry again , his mp seat would revert to him . 
  well , update the middle east foreign policy . 
  either do not intervene there , or do it properly . 
  so far all big us/nato operations in the area ( iraq , afghanistan , lybia ) have been terrible and half-assed . 
  go in , fuck it up , then withdraw when the war is no longer popular , without achieving any goals or at least leaving the country better than it was in the first place . 
  by the time there had been too many such promises already for our ancestors to care i suppose . 
  and austria was on the losing side of the war , disintegrating quickly . 
  while the czechoslovak legions were on the winning side with allied support . 
  this was nothing but a desperate attempt by the emperor to save something that was beyond saving . 
  not even mentioning that the line  this new regulation in no way touches the integrity of lands of the holy hungarian crown is openly hostile to the self-determination of slovakia . 
   the baltics are too far up north and geographically too far from the rest of central european countries incoming : lithuanians kindly offering you knowledge about the geographical centre of europe . 
  i am going to let it go only for the quality of the shitpost . 
  take your upvote and put your nasty map away . 
  short story : we understand everything and speak nothing . 
  does not count . 
  and terrorists could also fly planes into highrise buildings ( they actually did this , unlike attack a nuclear power plant ) . 
  so are we going to stop flying or are we going to live underground ? 
  tough choice . 
  terrorists also could attack dams and cause flooding . 
  seems like water power plants are out of the question as well . 
  terrorists are also known to steal trucks and try to kill people . 
  bad news for logistics companies , trucks are now banned . 
  seriously , do not let fear talk , it leads nowhere . 
  there were 2 nuclear catastrophes with truly great impact in history . 
  chernobyl due to low-quality technology and extreme mismanagement before and after , both causes being specific to ussr at the time and easily avoidable today . 
  fukushima due to natural disaster of geographically very specific nature . 
  the hunt against nuclear energy should focus on nuclear waste , not on disasters , and instead on shutting down power plants should press on finding solutions on waste management/reusability . 
  i have to note that i do not consider native english speakers arrogant for speaking english with people . 
  it is not their fault where they were born and where we were . 
  it is of course better when they try to learn , i fully support that , but after all if they learn french for example , they still only can speak to people also speaking french . 
  you can not escape english as lingua franca and you can not `` unmake '' it your native language . 
  and i personally prefer talking to native speakers in ordet to improve my language . 
  different times . 
  causes of ww1 are complex and have their economical side which takes international trade of the time into account . 
  the current situation is wholy different , trade does not work the same anymore . 
  and eu is more than trade , it is promoting cross-border friendships and cooperation in all areas of life even outside economy . 
  i do not think this is the right sub to ask , is it ? 
  since for majority of people here the fact they understand your question already means they speak at least two languages . 
  maybe try to direct this to some country-specific subs of english speaking countries ( not that i am stereotyping english-speakes as not being language-savvy , but because they are the only ones you would understand ) . 
  your views are extremely narrow-minded . 
  nato and eu complement each other . 
  nato is an alliance of necessity against outer threats , eu an alliance of friendship minimizing inner threats . 
  both contribute to the peace in europe . 
  an where did you get the notion that praising eu 's contribution means disregarding nato ? 
  nobody wants to leave nato and nobody wants to choose between nato and the eu . 
  it does not make sense . 
  nato would not be what it is without the eu , and vice versa . 
  nothing and simultaneusly a lot : thanks to the eu germany and france will never attack each other again , and thanks to nato russia can not replace them in this role no matter how much they want ( ed ) to . 
  i have a few that people struggle to pronounce . 
  * `` permanentka '' , a colloquial word for subscription card/ticket ( obviously coming from `` permanent '' ) is mindblowingly often mispronounced as `` pernamentka '' * `` prote\u017eovat '' , meaning `` to influentially support , protect '' , coming from french `` prot\u00e9ger '' , somehow is very often pronounced as `` prot\u011b\u017eovat '' - a word meaning something completely different in czech . 
  this is especially awkward as this is not a word that you would have to use in normal conversation . 
  you only use it when you try to speak a higher , educated form of language , and by getting this wrong you basically display your ignorance . 
  that seems about right . 
  another thing is that `` eastern europe '' implicitly connects you to russia , which we do not like in the slightest . 
  innsbruck-prague can be easily done through linz with one ( convenient ) transfer . 
  i maintain your city is the most beautiful place in the world . 
  you are lucky indeed . 
  really ? 
  i am happy to help then . 
  lion feuchtwanger wrote about medieval to early modern history , albeit he did not shun antiquity either . 
  having lived in germany between the wars and being jewish , his works usually touch upon the jews in various historical periods or somehow present an allegory of contemporary political events . 
  his single most influential work is * jud s\u00fc\u00df * ( english * jew suess * according to wiki ) , a novel the nazis famously misinterpreted and made into a propaganda movie despite it never having such meaning in the slightest . 
  what i would recommend to start with however ( and what i consider his best work ) is * narrenweisheit * ( english * ` tis folly to be wise , or , death and transfiguration of jean-jaques rousseau * ) , dealing with the french revolution . 
  mika waltari is most famous for * the egyptian * . 
  i am sure that you have heard of that ...
