  australia , they are in the east , but allied , british ancestry ... 
  the question is about japan and democratic south american countries ... 
  they both fit the definition , but japans culture is * really * different from all of the rest and the south american countries do not usually participate in international politics on a broad scale ( and if they do , they sometimes side with russia , looking at you , brazil ) . 
   they 'll tell you . 
  only if you call them eastern european , 
   culture is similar to russian culture that 's like if i said the us are similar to argentina ( because they are both in america and both eat steaks and what not ), 
  if i were a pole , i would be * extremely * triggered now . 
  given the history they have with the russians ... 
  as u/skalpelis already said . 
  i see where you are coming from , and i forgive you because judging from your flair you probably do not have the historical and cultural background . 
  but the 9th of may really is a celebration of russian imperialism and the day russia enslaved half of europe . 
  when the red army sweeped through previously nazi-occupied territories , the populace greeted them as liberators , only to learn few hours later how wrong they were . 
  my own great aunt barely escaped being raped by few russian soldiers . 
  when her brother tried to defend her , he was almost shot by an officer , so the two had to hide in the basements of their neighbors for several days before the russians moved further west . 
  and that is just an anecdotal evidence of the russian behaviour in the `` liberated '' territories . 
  ( keep in mind this was * czechoslovakia * , an allied country they did not even mean to annex right away , so they had to keep to some standards . 
  how they behaved in the baltics i do not even dare to imagine . 
  you maybe may ( poorly ) excuse raping and pillaging on enemy territory , but allied country ?? ) . 
  what is my point : as time went , russians started to celebrate the end of the war on 9 ^ th may , unlike the rest of the world which celebrates it on 8 ^ th . 
  they have forced the countries in their sphere of influence to do the same . 
  and so this illogicaly forced date change came to be associated with the whole `` soviet friends and liberators '' theme pressed by the communist propaganda . 
  that is the reason why after the fall of communism everyone almost immediately moved the holiday to 8 ^ th and also the reason why russians continuing to celebrate it on 9 ^ th is an offense to the people of eastern europe ( and should be an offense to the whole democratic world ) . 
  exactly this . 
  i would add one more observation : he is extremely vindictive and known to hold the pettiest of grudges for * years * . 
  the biggest example of this comes back to the time he first run for president shortly after loosing the chairmanship of \u010cssd in 2003 , back when the president used to be elected by a joint session of parliament . 
  he was facing off against v\u00e1clav klaus , his right-wing equivalent ( they tried to brand themselves as rivals , but in fact were almost the same and im fact symbiotic ) . 
  the election came to a deadlock , which finally was broken by some \u010cssd mps , including today 's pm sobotka , turning around and voting for klaus . 
  zeman hates every one of these `` traitors '' with terrifying passion up to this day , even after he finally got his presidency . 
  and he would resort to any measure to make their political lives hell , no matter he is destroying his former party in the process . 
   he will be most likely reelected let 's hope not . 
  i believe many people voted him because of disdain for schwarzenberg , and after five years of his bullshit will not support him again . 
  albeit i fear that we can get something worse than him ... 
  i actually thought noone can be worse than klaus and look where we are ... 
  yes , so hijacking the russian military parades is a bonus to the date . 
  i very much share your view that there is not really much to celebrate for us in the east on may 8th/9th . 
  but i do not think the holiday has to have anything in common with the russian imperialist shenanigans , i actually find it nice that we turn this celebration of a day we traded one dictatorship for the other into something really positive . 
  exactly , and i suggest elevating the existing day of europe when it comes to the date ( it is the 9th of may according to wikipedia ) . 
  i do believe we already have the day of europe sometime in may ... so making it a true holiday is a nice idea . 
  however if you mean to override some existing holiday to make it about europe , i find it a terrible idea . 
  it would only fuel anti-european sentiments , and this one time rightfully so . 
   where old things `` remember grandma austria '' funny , we ( similarly ) use `` c. k. '' ( czech for `` k.k. '', 
  = `` kaiser - und k\u00f6niglich '' ) for things we want to describe as super old . 
  there is no conscription for anybody in czechia as of now . 
  re retirement : the retirement age for women is , in its base value , same or closely nearing the age for men . 
  however it is then adjusted by the number of children raised . 
  the logic behind this is that each child is a member of society paying social insurance and thus contributing to the common pension budget , so by having many children , you ensure money for the social programme and get to abuse it a little more than others . 
  why this only applies to women ? 
  well this provision originated during communism , and who knows why they made it so ( well they were rather conservative re : family issues , so it is no surprise really ) . 
  over the recent years , together with gradually shifting the retirement age higher , the reduction per child is getting less significant ... ( wikipedia states 58 years as the earliest possible age as of today , while my grandmother , mother of three , retired at 51 or 52 back in her days ) . 
  the point i wanted to make : those are not big inequalities and they are being gradually erased , so no big deal here . 
  thats why you go to the toilet in austria , silly . 
  every child knows that . 
  but sarcasm aside , was it per chance [ here ] ( https://goo.gl/maps/2qcn4ktplz82 ) ? 
  because that toilet was kind of infamous until it got rebuilt about a year ago ( it is a cheap petrol station almost everybody stops at when driving south for vacation ) . 
   force a few belgians to squat if a belgian squatted in prague , we would probably be very unkind , assuming he is russian ... 
  gardening communities , probably . 
  we have them here too . 
  if you find them in an `` illogical '' spot in a city , it is probably because they are often `` built '' in areas reserved for for future development , where no lasting housing can be built ( like for example land reserves for future highways , railways ... ) . 
  this is an incredibly complicated question i do not think has a legitimate answer . 
  the reasons probably were n't the same everywhere , you have to keep in mind those were vastly different countries . 
  in today 's europe we know lot about each other , our countries closely cooperate politically , we frequently cross practically non-existent borders etc. , and still europe is incredibly diverse . 
  back then none of this was true , the continent was only recently behind a border-shattering war , in which germany was on the losing side , italy among the winners and spain was neutral . 
  the only common denominators that could contribute to the rise of fascism/nazism would be the economic crisis and a fear of communism . 
  also back then nationalism was widespread and not generally frowned upon . 
  and extreme nationalism , bringing calls for strong leaders and disdain for democracy with it , usually finds fertile ground in peoples that feel their nations were somehow wronged . 
  * sacher intensifies *, 
  we have several actually . 
  officially , the 1st of january is the official czech independence day ( dissolution of czechoslovakia , 1993 ) . 
  however as it happens to coincide with new year 's day and also because the dissolution of czechoslovakia never carried any strong emotions for the czechs , it is not really celebrated . 
  the truly celebrated independence day is the 28th of october ( [ czechoslovak declaration of independence ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/czechoslovak_declaration_of_independence ) , 1918 ) . 
  celebrations include public gatherings , political events to commemorate fallen soldiers from wwi etc. , but most importantly the president gives medals and orders in the evening at a special gathering on the prague castle . 
  last but not least the 17th of november is celebrated as the `` day of fight for freedom and democracy '' , refering to events of both [ 1939 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_students%27_day#origin ) and [ 1989 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/velvet_revolution ) . 
  from personal experience , i would say this date is the one most echoing in the general public , something the average person is the most likely to celebrate . 
  i would probably call the m\u016fstek area in the lower part of the wenceslas square the one proper center point . 
  but this is based on nothing more but a feeling . 
  also worth noting is that road signs allegedly measure their distance to the * bulhar * intersection near masarykovo n\u00e1dra\u017e\u00ed . 
  but i only heard this as a fun fact , so who knows if it 's true ... 
  i really can not speak about the job scene in your field , but as a prague native i will try to address some of your points about living . 
   there 's virtually zero affordable housing options prague 's cost of living has been sadly skyrocketing lately . 
  that means , skyrocketing relative to financial abilities of czech people . 
  for example , a three-bedroom appartement in the old town is around 300-350k $ . 
  however nobody forces you to live in the city centre . 
  there are many neighborhoods that are not considered central by the strict definition , but still are within a reasonable distance , improved by the excellent public transport network . 
  many of those maintain block housing ( no commie blocks ) and rent/prices are * way more * affordable here . 
  from a quick glance at some prices in the internet ( [ link in czech ] ( http://reality.idnes.cz/s/prodej/byty/praha/ ) ) you can get around for approx . 
  those neigborhoods have a reputation for being favored by foreigners . 
  i will also note that in comparison with e.g. 
  germany , it is far more common here to * own * an appartement , not to live in a rented one . 
  also , appartements and houses are usually sold/rented unfurnished . 
   few things compete with cobblestone , history that 's older than 150 years , and european cuisine . 
  we have you covered i think   central heart of europe they call it here  near a beach if this is really important , you really should consider some other place . 
  prague is really remote from the sea and there are hardly any other options of similar recreation nearby . 
  also the climate . 
  summer is fine and beautiful , but living here in the long autumn/winter months , easily not seeing the sun for months as it is always overcast , that is something that is not for everyone ( i always see the effects of seasonal depression on myself , but maybe i am just too sensitive ) . 
  italy would be certainly better from this point of view . 
   a strong currency that is a real problem now . 
  we do not have the $ here , and the prospects of that changing are not that great . 
  there is no political will to actually proceed with its adoption ( only one political party openly supports it , and they poll consistently under 10 % ) . 
  you may have heard that it is easy to get around with euros in prague anyway , but that is obviously only true for tourists , not if you actually want to live here . 
  i will remark that i find it great that you are considering my city and either way you decide in the end , good luck with the new life !,
