  i actually like this , only the colors are a mess . 
  too many countries too similar . 
  what about adding coats of arms ? 
  to the lower right corner for example , opposite the federal stars ? 
  that would make every flag far easier to distinguish . 
  well , i learned that on reddit you always has to assume seriousness ... 
  how is that relevant ? 
  some people surely do . 
  they actually only informed me because i * was * in switzerland few days ago ( it came as additional info with the normal roaming message ) . 
  and i go there several times a year . 
  burning * any * book is a dick move . 
  not a crime , but an unethical thing nonetheless . 
  meanwhile my service provider kindly informed me they changed the roaming prices for switzerland from the eu level to afghanistan level . 
  got ta get the money somewhere i guess . 
  maybe not staged entirely , maybe they used some people who were genuinely convinced they are participating in a real coup . 
  but yes , the sultan surely had his hands in there somehow . 
   dekagram is used very often same here , and how do i hate it !, 
  it is such an impractical unit , i always have problems remembering how much exactly `` 20 dkg '' is ... 
  it does certainly not help that the base si unit is kg , while the linguistic basis is * for some reason * g. and many times have i encoutered a shop assistant who did not know what 300 grams meant since they were dealing in dkg all their lives . 
  and they act like it is me who uses the wrong unit . 
  putting politicians trying to appeal to the immigrant-hating public aside , the quota system is silly anyway . 
  it is no use forcing people to settle in countries 1 . they do not want to go to 2 . where they will face racism and hate , possibly causing them to grow hostile against their new homes so let the v4 pay , but not call it `` sanctions '' , call it `` solidarity budget aid '' and redirect this money to actually help the countries worst affected . 
  i agree with you on almost everything , although i would rather see a parliamentary system ( after all that is how we do things here for a long time already ) . 
  make the current ep the lower house , with meps elected on pan-european party ballots , so they do not have any connection to state governments , only to their voters . 
  and take the council and make it the upper house ( say `` senate of states '' ) with representatives appointed by state governments . 
  hey , even give every state the equal vote in the senate . 
  the confederation does not need to be * super * - powerful , as long as it reserves the sole authority in things you listed . 
  i , as a non-smoker , agree with you . 
  though this regulation is beneficial for me and i will certainly enjoy it , i still think that in principle it is wrong . 
   there 's exactly 0 reason to make this a hover thingy in this case , if it were n't a hover thingy , / u/metric _ robot would feel compelled to reply and we would end up with an endless chain ... 
  huh , yeah ... 
  i thought it was some ( probably misinterpreted ) statement of merkel this was about , but this could explain it as well . 
   why does merkel hate the german flag what ? 
  does this have any basis somewhere ? 
  i can not really see serbia entering without something big happening in the region . 
  even if they themselves decided not to be russia 's buddy anymore , putin would launch a shitstorm before he lets them join the eu ( see ukraine , and that was just about association agreement ) . 
   you 've got the technical skills of the russians strange , because individual technical skills is exactly what here is generally considered as the most lacking quality of our play lately . 
   i do n't know if it 's generally considered a `` good beer '' i would personally describe it as `` okayish '' . 
   and never managed to find it again in prague it is omnipresent . 
  however i doubt it gets exported . 
  the nazi was called heydrich . 
  otherwise , superb knowledge !, 
   czechia : `` hey , wan na break up ? '', 
  slowakia : `` yeah , kinda '' i would add few lines before that ( slovakia : `` let 's revise our system to give us greater autonomy '' czechia : `` we do not like those ideas so much '' slovakia : `` well we insist , what are we going to do about it ? 
  '' ) , otherwise quite accurate . 
   the czech ice hockey team is really good . 
  let us hope so . 
   the czech football team is also quiet good in 2004 maybe , not anymore, 
  found the man from budweis, 
  yeah , i mostly agree , but i would describe it all more as sad that anything else . 
   the czech-german conflict was already a thing throughout the 19th century yes , since the birth of nationalism . 
  and i never said i do not blame the germans for the conflict - i blame both sides . 
   czechoslovakia lost millions of people that could have helped rebuilding the economy and basically gifted them to germany where they helped the wirtschaftswunder . 
  this . 
  but the big question is how it would all play out with the communist coup . 
  i heard opinions that czech germans would not have been likely to vote for communists , which would heavily shift the disastrous 1946 election if they stayed and voted . 
  but that is just speculation , personally i think that the ussr would have found a way to get czechoslovakia in its grasp nonetheless . 
  and that renders any wirtschaftswunder very unlikely . 
   czechs it is kind of a hot topic , it resurfaces into the political debate from time to time . 
  conservatives , older people , in rural areas , less educated genarally think it was a good move . 
  and among liberals , younger , in the cities , highly educated no prevalent opinion really exists . 
  so the majority prefers a czech sudetenland , yes . 
  however if i am allowed to state my own opinion , i actually consider bene\u0161 decrees a wrong thing . 
  although i recognise that nobody can nowadays imagine the situation people were in after the war . 
  my main arguement would be just the state sudetenland is in now . 
  those are the poorest regions , with high unemployment , lacking in infrastructure , destroyed by communist industrial heritage . 
  and they do not seem to get much better over the years . 
  of course that the communist rule is as much at fault as are the bene\u0161 decrees . 
   possible to czechify the population i do not even see the need for that , if people kept their heads cool ( that brings me back to the unability to judge the post-war situation ) . 
  only thing i would maybe want is for the germans to stop calling themselves german and use the term `` german-speaking czechoslovaks '' . 
  czechs and germans coexisted in those lands for centuries . 
  and this is true for all of europe . 
  we already had a perfectly multicultural continent with overlapping cultures and broad international cultural exchange . 
  we only decided to invent nationalism and spent the first half of 20th century destroying it all . 
  i see something excessive in your comment ^ ^ ^ / s  / s, 
  what ? 
  he is one of the most famous french and european politicians ever ... maybe people are not aware about his stances on the british , but they definitely know who he is . 
   trump can only breathe in golden rooms this theory would explain a lot ... 
  i would say that the gender depends on the ending rather than the other way around . 
  also fun fact for everybody ... france is `` francie '' ( f ) in czech compared to `` franc\u00fazsko '' ( n ) in slovak . 
  same with italy ( it\u00e1lie / tali\u00e1nsko ) and maybe more . 
  they are ugly compared to english , because english does not really need them . 
  however look at the hoards of letters in german or polish ... those might use some diacritics . 
  exactly . 
  the proper way to bring movie industry to shoot in europe ( as i imagine is the goal ) should be some grants/subsidies . 
  regulating * origin of tv shows * ? 
  really ? 
  have they lost their minds ? 
  this is * exactly * the sort of stuff the eu has to keep its hands away from . 
  ( and that is coming from an eurofederalist ) . 
  not that i would support something like that on national level either . 
  if this is germany 's way to solve it 's recent bundeswehr problems , i am of the opinion at least the czech brigade will be more harm than good . 
  [ kind of ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/czechoslovak_hussite_church?wprov=sfla1 ) . 
  neighbors ! = subjects . 
  it is not russian bussiness what the neighbors do or do not do . 
  and that is the core of all the problems . 
  unless russia drops this attitude , the animosity will continue . 
  lithuania aside for a while , estonia , this is not the way into nordic !, 
  if this was about beer , it would mean beer war . 
  nobody takes our `` highest beer consumption per capita '' title !,
