  not in this case , no . 
  i just think it is great that our languages are so close to each other to understand . 
  if we start learning them and stop having bilingual conversations , we might end up with situation where people really stop understanding . 
  and then it will become a necessity to learn or even to talk to each other in english . 
  do we want that ? 
  it just takes a very little piece of effort to understand each other . 
  so let 's try . 
   never bother to learn ( or at least adjust to ) czech oh really ? 
  one thing that really irks me is when a slovak tries to speak czech . 
  chances are he still does not get * everything * right ... why does he not speak slovak , which would be easier for both parties , is beyond me . 
  yet for me there is nothing as `` incomprehensibly fast slovak '' . 
  unless we are talking heavy eastern dialects . 
  hmh . 
  that depends on the distance you travel right ? 
  i think it is not worth it paying just for the bregenz bypass on the way to switzerland , but every other section i do n't really mind . 
  well , it is minor things the austrians have going for them . 
  * feels safer to drive on . 
  that is about the drivers ' behaviour mostly though . 
  * better condition . 
  from personal experience , it seems that austria generally has less roadworks to encounter and less jamming , especially after the tunnel bottlenecks on the tauernautobahn have been expanded recently . 
  also , many autobahns in germany seem not suited for the amount of traffic they recieve . 
  `` fehlende standstreifen f\u00fcr 50 km '' really is not something you find in austria . 
  this is mostly visible in the former western germany , as understandably the need for massive construction in the east after the reunification caused neglecting the old parts of the network . 
  * this is probably the biggest one : rest areas . 
  asfinag 's rest areas are places you actually look forward to visit , big enough , frequent enough , clean and with pleasant services . 
  you probably know how germany struggles with their , mostly with the giant deficit in truck parking spots . 
  it may be argued that some of those problems are caused just by the size of the german network , but actually , the country is also proportionally bigger and so are the earnings from lkw-maut ... 
  yet to be honest and fair , let 's list what i find better in germany : * unlimited speed sections . 
  yeah , it kind of lowers the feeling of safety , but still , it is cool . 
  * it is free ( duh ) . 
  ( but i do not really care about paying for the vignette if you actually introduce it . 
  everybody else does this , so whatever ) . 
  * network density . 
  you can not really build so dense network in the alps , that is for sure . 
  yes , and i am aware that those are mostly subjective feelings and you can disagree , and yes i am aware that our czech freeway network is absolute shit by those standards :(, 
  well i hate to say it , but to me , having wide experience with both , austrian autobahns seem better managed than german . 
  if the result of `` asfinagisation '' was getting austrian quality all over vast german network , that would be worth it . 
  are you against it ? 
  because i think ( although only as an outside observer ) that [ asfinag ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/asfinag ) does a superb job in austria , so it would be great for germany to achieve a similar system . 
  and the austrian toll is actually laughable . 
  according to polls , the social democrats are falling in preferences . 
  so are however the center right ( liberal and conservative ) parties . 
  only party on a rise is a populistic party ( ano ) . 
  this trend seems to be stopping after the recent government crisis , however not reverting yet . 
  it is however worth noting that in the czech republic , unlike the us for example , the left holds conservative positions on the social scale , the right being more progressive . 
  if you are interested , i gave a brief summary of the czech political scene [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/5zepn1/try_to_explain_what_the_major_political_parties/dexr14r/ ) . 
  it is flown on government buildings and that is it basically . 
  only widespread usage occurs once a year during the ice hockey world championship , as a symbol of supporting our team . 
  all other usage by normal people basically screams `` nationalist extremists '' . 
  that is not what i meant though . 
  so i am a black greek apparently . 
   president obama lives in the white house :(, 
  sf/la/honolulu ok . to be fair , some words describe things so speciffically american in nature i would probably not ever use them outside of this quiz ( garage sale for example ... ), 
   ( is it the same in czech too ? ), 
  not always . 
  the main function of word order in czech is stressing the importance of the words . 
  in `` spearsov\u00e1 nav\u0161t\u00edvila merkelovou '' , this is either a neutral statement ( so that is what you are talking about `` direct '' order ) or , however , it may be a sentence stressing that it was merkel who was visited , and not anybody else . 
  in comparison , `` merkelovou nav\u0161t\u00edvila spearsov\u00e1 '' stresses that it was spears who visited , not anybody else . 
  gladly . 
  i find the current system a bit silly . 
  the commission is effectively a federal government . 
  it should represent the interests of the eu as a whole ( as parliament represents the people and council represents the states ) . 
  so there should be only as many ministers ( commissioners ) as needed , without need to artificially invent 28 different responsibilities for them . 
  and they should be chosen by merit/political support , regardless of nationality . 
  but this would probably have to be a part of a broader structural reform of the system , such that would reflect the shift of the eu from an international organization to a ( con ) federation . 
  at least in my social bubble , it is a cult film . 
  i do not know anyone of my age who has not seen it . 
  and yes , it is good , athough terrifying . 
   what even is the `` free world '' ? 
  `` the west '' ? 
  `` democratic countries '' ? 
  actually , this is the least problematic part of this whole discussion . 
  well that seems reasonable ( at least no hypocrisy is involved ) , however i am sceptical about the number of people who actually would * do * it , instead of stating the intent on the internet . 
   how are genuine marriages * told apart from the fakes ? 
  hardly , but they try to . 
  if you divorce right after gaining citizenship , be sure to have immigration authority coming after you instantly . 
  of course there was a paper factory . 
  that does not change the fact it failed to deliver toilet paper to the stores for it to be available to the people . 
  of course people wiped their asses . 
  with * rud\u00e9 pr\u00e1vo * mostly . 
  czech - native . 
  includes ability to understand slovak and a little bit of polish . 
  english - learned since 6 years old . 
  compulsory school subject since 8 years . 
  stopped actively learning after high school , however since it is everywhere , i feel my knowledge is at least not decaying . 
  german - learned since 12 years old as a school elective subject , now i am hovering somewhere between b2 and c1 , still trying to get better . 
  this looks dangerously similar to some weird creepy plan . 
  child born to a citizen receives citizenship . 
  in all countries i believe . 
  also , marrying a local allows to skip the required residence period required for citizenship application in some countries . 
  note : not if the marriage is only arranged for this purpose , it has to be genuine . 
  i hope i do not need to stress how extremely distasteful and disrespectful toward the girl and the child is doing something like you mentioned * on purpose * . 
   ( new ) far right is blue how did that happen ? 
  who does assign the colors anyway ? 
  i guess here it is just whoever creates which graph decides by himself ( following some convention of course , but small or new parties usually have different colors each time ) . 
  no shortages ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  there were shortages in czechoslovakia on virtually everything you can imagine , including fucking * toilet paper * . 
  and mind that still we were in probably the best situation compared to other countries of the soviet block . 
  you assume wrong , at least according to my experience ( they are people who might disagree with me , this is a contested topic among sport fans ) .
