  ( looking also at you , germany ) . 
  well the percent are not to be calculated like this , as you probably know . 
  but i also hope that they will not have over 100 mps . 
  communists would go with their former agent without any hesitation ... 
  it is a risk for him though , he could alienate a lot of even * his * electorate with such move ( i hope ) . 
  and kdu-\u010csl . 
  they go with everybody . 
  well it is another system then ... 
  i do not know ipa and i never had any problems with learning english . 
  there are some rules ... and you subconciously develop `` feelings '' about the probable pronunciation . 
  yes , sometimes those feelings betray you , but as long as you are in contact with the language , you are quickly corrected . 
  i even had a ( native speaker ) teacher who convinced us not to worry about pronunciation at all , since `` after all , the same word is pronounced differently in texas than in london anyway . '', 
   noone has really been taught how to pronounce standard german really ? 
  because i am very bad with all your dialects , however i when i speak with a german and they realize i am a foreigner , they switch to speaking ( what i assume is ) standard , so i can understand them . 
  this works in hamburg as well as in bavaria . 
  so you guys have to have some knowledge , right ? 
   for anyone who learns a foreign language that is exactly when you do not need it though . 
  because when you actually learn the language , you know how it is pronounced when written normally . 
  where phonetic alphabets are useful is for pronouncing single words in languages you do not know at all . 
  well there is nothing wrong with them in the sense they were originally meant ... but history takes its toll . 
  because those are the original friedrich schiller 's lyrics that gave the song the meaning it has - and by extension were thus the reason for selecting the tune for anthem of europe . 
  the latin version is okay , but it seems kind of forced to me . 
  like somebody thought `` it is silly to have an anthem without lyrics and we think it is not right to only have german lyrics so we put together something in latin ... '' i personally do not find any offence in using the german version ... after all that is how the author wrote it . 
  thanks for such a rich response !, 
  so ( dumbed down ) it seems that the system is presidential as long as the parliament and president are aligned , and turns to parliamentary once the parliament starts to disagree , right ? 
  that is actually rather clever . 
  ok , so if the president presides over the cabinet , what is the pm for ? 
  genuinely asking , this question about the french system bothers me for a while already . 
  still better to vote for him than for reincarnated zombie hitler herself though . 
  nobody knows . 
  there is no precedent . 
  however the senate is considering impeaching the president if he refuses to fire the finance minister on the pm 's suggestion source ( only czech ) : https://video.aktualne.cz/dvtv/zive-rozhovor-s-milanem-stechem-o-vyvoji-vladni-krize-jake-b/r~2bc07920318311e7b5e5002590604f2e/?redirected=1493988964 for clarity , the parts of the constitution that deal with these issues ( my translation only ) :  article 65  ...  ( 2 ) the senate can , with consent of the chamber of deputies , file a constitutional indictment against the president of the republic by the constitutional court for matters of high treason or grave violation of the constitution or other part of the constitutional order ; high treason is any act of the president aiming against the sovereignty or integrity of the republic or its democratic order . 
  the constitutional court can , on grounds of this constitutional indictment , decide the president loses his office and the capability of regaining it . 
   ...  article 74  the president fires a member of goverment when the prime minister suggests so . 
  source here : https://www.psp.cz/docs/laws/constitution.html, 
  you did not understand me . 
  i agree with him on almost everything you mentioned . 
  but the way he presents it is simply wrong . 
  he is acting like a savior of europe . 
  and while i understand this can score him points at home , it severely undermines the image of the whole eu abroad . 
  it seems like the french people alone are deciding on pan-european issues , which ( if it really were so , i understand that it is n't , but macron tries to sell it that way ) would be worrying . 
  as much as i support him in this issue , i think macron is doing a grave mistake on european level in issueing such statements . 
  he should remember he is running for the president of france , not the eu . 
  imagine you try to explain to everybody here how the eu is not some foreign power dictating its terms but a democratic alliance of people , that it is not `` them '' or `` evil brussels '' , but * us * . 
  and then comes macron promising things like `` i will make poland and hungary behave '' or `` i will force ireland to drop their low corporate tax '' . 
  that gives the eurosceptics powerful ammunition . 
  thay can point and say - look , europe 's fate is decided in the french election and we do not have any vote !, 
  what counter-argument do you have ? 
  `` macron makes stupid promises '' does not have such ring to it when five minutes ago you argued for him against le pen . 
  i do not think we hate you . 
  i certainly do not and i can not speak for the politicians , but in my opinion , the best word to describe the eu 's feeling towards the uk is * bitterness * . 
  we always liked you and we wanted to count you as friends , we welcomed you in our countries and we were welcome in your , or at least it looked like that . 
  but suddenly , out of nowhere , you decided that you do not want us for friends anymore . 
  it surfaced that you probably never considered our relationship equal . 
  while for us you were fellow citizens of europe , no different from any other , free to do anything anywhere , it seems that we for you were nothing more than `` foreigners '' , and what 's worse , `` job-stealing foreigners '' . 
  so naturally we are upset and bitter , and while we still like you , we simply can not afford to love someone who considers himself above returning the love . 
  so we are trying to find a new approach to the relationship . 
  and yes , i am aware that this is only slightly more than 50 % of you that represent all this . 
  but when your government do what they do , they take the whole country with them . 
  this comment is terribly underrated . 
  moreover , i find it strange that absolutely nobody would move from macron to `` abstain '' . 
  maybe it is an error in the graph ? 
  ironic . 
  he could save others from becoming nazis , but not himself . 
  with thunderous applause :(, 
  yeah , even more wtf, 
  wtf did i just read, 
  i personally do n't need any . 
  but there are many specialized stores around prague that offer this `` equipment '' to those who want to use it as status symbol/showoff . 
  they probably sell sportwear and shoes , wristbands , those watches that measure your steps and calories etc. 
  everything overpriced of course . 
  i would say it is quite popular , yes . 
  it became very fashionable few years ago for some reason and now you even have people who buy `` equipment '' ( like you would need any , smh ) just because they think it is `` the thing to do '' and then never proceed to use it . 
  other thing that is even more popular i would think is recreational cycling however . 
  czechia is not very friendly for using your bycicle to get around as it happens in germany/denmark/netherlands , but the countryside is full of tourist cyclepaths that get crowded every weekend . 
  prague 2 . 
   and metro does n't seem fit for short distances either way . 
  in those systems , and that is what i am complaining about . 
  in german cities , from my experience , you spend hardly half a minute to get to the station and metro is comfortable even if you go one or two stops . 
  i do not know how familiar you are with prague , probably not at all , so i will try to explain my example as well as i could . 
  you want to use public transport in the city centre , say from * n\u00e1m\u011bst\u00ed republiky * to * muzeum * . 
  with the introduction of metro , many tram lines in the city centre were dismantled , which leaves you with three options : * tram to a stop quite distant from your destination , walk from there . 
  approx . 
  10 min + 6 min of walking . 
  * walk all the way . 
  about 15 min if you hurry * metro . 
  both places are directly on metro lines . 
  the route involves one stop with the b line , then change to the a line and another stop . 
  here is where the depth comes into play : 3 min to descend to the deep station at nr . 
  wait approx . 
  2 min . 
  ride the metro approx . 
  2 min . 
  lengthy transfer corridor at * m\u016fstek * , approx . 
  3 min . 
  wait 2 min. , ride 2 min. , make your way the surface 3 min . 
  that gives you 17 minutes of travel time . 
  to sum up : using the metro in the city centre is utterly annoying because if you go a short distance , you spend much more time on escalators and in corridors than acrually riding the train . 
  and on some routes , despite them being directly between stations , it may be actually quicker to walk . 
  so did prague 's .
