  edit : added the notes about currency, 
  sour cherry , strawberry , peach , raspberry ... 
  if you mean home-made ( which are super common here , everbody who has a garden makes their own ) , then probably currant would be near the top , as it is easy to be grown in large amounts . 
  then we have `` povidla '' , from plums , they however are made differently i guess ( i am no expert ) . 
  certainly they are not considered jelly/jam ( `` marmel\u00e1da '' in czech ) . 
  oddly specific, 
  nah , its not germany ... not gon na happen, 
  now that is a challenge for someone as me who had only had one semester of basic economics . 
  i believe you would take the sum of all your `` resources '' and substract from the sandwich price , then pay 20 % from the difference . 
  however this is only a theoretical situation , as most of the time only those who deal with the final consumers are vat payers . 
  therefore they have to pay tax from the * whole * `` value added '' , in other words 20 % of the sandwich price . 
  note that the prices are made so that the customer pays the tax , i.e. 
  you state the price as 100 , sell for 120 and on the receipt you state : * price without vat : 100 * vat 20 % : 20 * final price : 120 . 
  if , however , those sandwiches were sold to another middleman who would resell them to the customers later , you would have two options : * sell them for 100 and let him handle the whole tax ( so you become a non-payer in this scenario ) * sell them for 120 , pay 20 to the state , and he only pays the tax for * his * added value ( i.e. 
  10 if he sells to customers for 180 ) . 
  i think everybody who is n't a native speaker speaks american english nowadays , so you do not have to worry . 
  do n't worry , almost nobody except accountants does understand here either . 
  as far as i know , if you buy and resell , you only tax the difference ( hence `` value added '' tax ) . 
  so if you buy for 100 and sell for 200 , with a 20 % vat you pay 20 to the state ( 0.2 * ( 200-100 ) ) . 
  it gets significantly more complicated as some companies can be operating as `` vat non-payers '' , that means they do not pay the tax and if a vat payer buys from them , they have to pay the tax for all the added value through the chain back to the last vat payer . 
  tl ; dr it is complicated, 
  law proposed by mps , senators , government , or the self-governing regions ( `` kraje '' , think of them like the german bundesl\u00e4nder , but with less authority ) . 
  chamber of deputies ( parliament lower house ) discusses the law . 
  various commitees issue statements whether they approve , then it has to pass through three `` readings '' , where amendments are made . 
  there are 200 mps and in each reading the majority of those present has to vote for . 
  then the law goes to the senate . 
  the senate discusses the law . 
  it can a ) `` approve '' , b ) `` disapprove '' , c ) `` approve with amendments '' or d ) `` decide not to state its opinion '' . 
  there are 82 senators and again a single majority is needed . 
  in case of a ) or d ) , the law goes directly to the president ( point 5 ) . 
  in case of b ) or c ) , it returns to the chamber of deputies . 
  the chamber od deputies decides by simple majority of those present whether to accept the senatorial changes or by 101 mps whether confirm its original opinion ( even in the case the senate scrapped the law as a whole , 101 mps can revive it ) . 
  either way , the law goes to the president if it passes in any form . 
  the president signs the law and it enters the collection , becoming valid the day of issue . 
  or he can veto it , and again we are in the chamber of deputies . 
  to override a presidential veto , at least 101 mps are needed . 
  if the law passes , it enters the collection . 
  the point of the system is that 101 mps are theoretically enough to pass anything through . 
  the government usually has them by definition ( they passed the vote of confidence ) . 
  however as it is extremely painful to override everyones veto and as highly contested bills draw extreme public attention ( and bad press ) , the system is encouraging the government to seek a wider consensus . 
  this was the process for normal laws , for constitutional laws ( laws stated to be something between the constitution and normal laws . 
  as i know they are unique to czechia and maybe slovakia ) and constitution amendments , a constitutional majority of 3/5 is needed in every step and the president is omitted from the process . 
  edit : i messed up some of the majorities , now it should be ok . 
  maybe you know , but the whipped cream ( and rapsberries ) is just what they do in the restaurant for the looks ... the cream is primarily inside the sauce ( it is all just meat boiled with vegetables , then you remove the meat , mash the vegetables , mix the cream in , put the meat back ) . 
  that being said , you should really try it , it is heavenly and if you like goulash , odds are you will fall in love with sv\u00ed\u010dkov\u00e1 as well . 
  public universities are free . 
  private ones are paid , however as they are highly inferior in quality , only people of rich family background attend them . 
  ( they do it for having a diploma even though they are too dumb to succeed in a public school ) . 
  as to costs of living , being supported by parents is the starting point , in later years people usually start a part-time job . 
  if you are 26 or younger , studying and not full-time employed , your parents get a significant tax discount for supporting you . 
  you are exempt of social insurance and health insurance is payed by the state . 
  every university offers living in student dormitories for a reasonable fee ( lower-than-market ) . 
  if you can prove to be from a financially disadvantaged environment , you are elligible for financial support from the university or various non-profit foundations . 
  tl ; dr everyone can study if they have the brains , no problem . 
  top09 ( liberal right ) . 
  probably ... 
  i voted for them in 2013 and they somehow managed to annoy me during the 4 years despite being in the opposition and me hating the government . 
  however from every angle i look at it , they remain the least shitty of shitty options . 
  is this the one with the sarcastic programme ( i remember the `` faulenquote '' specifically ) that actually got some seats in the ep last time despite running as a joke ? 
  i think your time estimates around zermatt are quite significantly off . 
  the 30 mins you list for the gornergratbahn are just to take the train up ... then you probably want to hang out at the top , maybe hike a little bit ( at least to make a photo of matterhorn reflecting in riffelsee ) and take the train down . 
  i would definitely give the whole trip 3-4 hours at least . 
  but i am a little bit a hiking freak and it also really depends on the weather . 
  however to conclude my point this whole day seems absurdly rushed ( with the drive to genoa on top of that ) in comparison with the rather nicely loose plans for the rest of the trip . 
  election fraud is not really possible , there is no electronic vote , each polling station has its election comitee with representatives of all parties watching each other . 
  the comittee oversees everything : the voter lists , the dealing of envelopes ( that exactly one to each voter is given ) , ensuring that everybody is alone behind the curtain and finally the counting of the votes . 
  police usually guards the surroundings , because the law here forbids any campaigning around the polling places on election days . 
  however , shall any doubt arise about the election , anyone is able to present a formal protest to the courts within some timeframe after the results come in . 
  the court has an authority to order a vote recount or even to order the election to be repeated ( i do n't think it really ever happened except communal election ) . 
  re : trump and his ties to russia . 
  as far as i am knowledgeable about american politics , russia did not in any way tamper with the election results . 
  only thing they did was launching a propaganda shitstorm to support one of the candidates . 
  they do this here all the time . 
  our current president even had his campaign paid by lukoil . 
  as much as i hate russia doing that , i do not think it can be prevented . 
  as long as the election itself is free , which it in our case undoubtedly was , it is the people 's choice . 
  so the answer to your last question is : we actually had this situation and we did not really `` handle '' it - the fact that one of the candidates is paid by russia was publicly known and we ( his opponents ) repeated it countless times . 
  since the majority of voters decided it did not matter to them , it is of no relevance . 
  unfortunately this is very true . 
  there is a running joke in cz , referencing the cancer that are internet discussions : what two things do the nationalists fear the most ? 
  which translates to `` a dictate of brussels and a spelling test in czech '' , so you get the joke hopefully . 
  well the basic pattern is the same as in english ( st. james ' church -  kostel sv . 
  the only differing name is st. mary ( i suppose this is the `` mother of god '' , i have never heard of any other saint named mary , so sorry if that is incorrect ) . 
  she is reffered to as `` virgin mary '' ( panna marie ) and the churches are differentiated into various names ( panny marie sn\u011b\u017en\u00e9 = virgin mary of the snows , nanebevzet\u00ed panny marie = assumption of virgin mary ) . 
  just noting that i am not christian , this is all colloquial knowledge , so i may have translated something roughly ... 
  well here the christians are absolutuly accurately a center party . 
  they are socially conservative , support the church ( es ) , are opposed to abortions ( that is however a lost case for them in czechia ) , gay adoption ( which is a rather hot case on the other hand ) , `` family values '' and all that . 
  economically they are for everything their coalition partner suggests , they are only likely to push it more towards the center ( if they are with the social democrats , they will not oppose progressive taxation , if they are with the liberals , they will not oppose cutting taxes for the self-employed , will however try everytime to make the proposal less radical ) . 
  a good description is that everytime they managed to get into the parliament ( which is everytime except 2010-13 ) , they entered the government , be it a left or right one . 
   will that mentality die out with the older generations well , that is the theory . 
  of course the society has a lot of momentum and even the younger generation can be heavily influenced by the older ... 
  in my personal opinion the divide is slowly moving from the young-old line to the educated-uneducated line . 
  because the more educated they are , the more likely the young people are to get rid of this mindset . 
  also students tend to travel and get to know the world , while some of my cousins who never attempted any university and started to work at 18 have been the farthest in prague . 
  we do not call it that . 
  we call it even sillier . 
  it is `` the flag '' . 
  it may have something in common with all the flags having three colors . 
  just trying to be helpful . 
  `` the national flag '' we are not very creative .
