this graph does not seem particurarly well-researched ( austr ( al ) ia , missing countries ... ) . 
  so a question to the danes : are you really that tolerant ? 
  when i anxiously kept to the limit in denmark , was i worried uselessly ? 
  in czechoslovakia , the communists simply let go . 
  the communist controlled parliament itself amended the constitution to drop the leading role of communist party and elected v\u00e1clav havel president . 
  they probably saw the whole soviet block crumbling around them and thought it would be smarter to let go and try to adapt to the new environment . 
  and make no mistake , they did . 
  the privatisation period in the 90s was messy and former communists of course made use of their contacts to gain profit for themselves . 
  why we did not slip into a new dictatorship ? 
  who knows , but in reality the danger never was there . 
  the new regime heavily drew from the strong democratic tradition of the first republic , something very familiar among the people , and while we now sometimes look back at the 90s and gasp at how wild , unlawful , mafia-controlled the public environment was then , it was in reality not so bad as it was further east . 
  the people , at least the majority , did not lose their faith in democracy and never was the situation so bad that someone would even dare to meddle with election results . 
  what helped for sure was proximity to the west , quick nato ascension and the unquestionable , `` above-politics '' moral authority of president havel . 
   tourists should carry id at all times of course , but you do not know before you check them . 
  and i am arguing nobody should even be checked without a reasonable suspicion . 
   i do n't see how it bends our civil rights it bends the right not to be bothered by police unless suspected . 
  presumption of innocence , if you will . 
   they can say they 're looking for illegal overstayers , that 's a valid enough reason . 
  it is , but how i interpret the law , they have to have a serious suspicion you are an illegal overstayer to check you . 
  ( again , i am talking about how they should work , not necesarilly how they work in praxis ) . 
  when they perform a check at a dormitory and the owner fails to sufficiently explain who he is letting the rooms to , then they have imho every right to check all . 
   it 's reasonable to assume that refugees do n't look caucasian . 
  it is , but it is not reasonable to assume that not-caucasians are illegals . 
  inverse implication problem . 
  in prague there is a ton of southern european tourists , what about the roma minority who are all citizens ? 
  what about refugees who actually requested and received asylum ? 
  all those groups are `` darker '' than the general native population . 
  how would such a check look like ? 
  `` indentify yourself please . '', 
  `` why is that , officer ? '', 
  `` i suspect you are an illegal immigrant . '', 
  `` do you have some reason for such suspicion , officer ? '', 
  `` you do not look white enough . '', 
  training police to do something like that is a slippery slope . 
  soon we could find ourselves where [ the us are ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/driving_while_black ) . 
  do not get me wrong , i also think those who were denied asylum have to leave asap . 
  however i am not willing to bend out civil rights and liberties to achieve it . 
  to sum up , you do not have to carry id , you only have to prove your identity when requested , with which the police is required to be as assistive as possible . 
  but the core is that you only have to prove identity once they * prove a reason they need it * . 
  they can always lie that you look like a wanted person etc. , but we are debating legality of the issue . 
  i will rather not comment about your suggestion the police should be instructed to be racist . 
   shopping for the country offering the most benefits i do not see how you could change this . 
  that 's how people work . 
  once they are on the move , it is not so much different regardless where they go , yet the potential outcomes are * very * different . 
  if i were forced to flee my country , i would also opt to go to germany over say , ukraine ( sorry ukrainian colleagues , but that is how it is ) . 
  and are you saying that if persons a , b and c , who all share a x characteristic , perform or intend to perform a criminal action y , we should proceed by punishing persons a , b , c , d , e , f , g , and h on the grounds they all fit x ? 
  very nice . 
  but who would be conducting such `` checks '' ? 
  the police ? 
  fyi , the police has no authority to request your identification unless you are suspect or a witness of a crime . 
  if i happen to walk around my city without my id card ( perfectly legal ) , am i being deported ? 
  that is not nice , i have other things to do . 
  i find your choice of words worrying , too . 
   quite expensive to fly over the pond unless you need to buy , like , bread or something in scandinavia , then it becomes cheaper to fly to the us . 
  / s ^ but ^ it ^ was n't ^ * entirely * ^ sarcasm, 
   when countries have completely opposite view points , there 's nothing to cooperate on , and as long as we have open borders and people are allowed to move around freely , you ca n't have some countries just going on their own moral crusades when other members are against it . 
  well but this is hardly a problem of the eu meddling with things of the national government , it is the opposite . 
  the eu was inactive and let the member states govern themselves even though it should have stepped in . 
  i am personally in favor of transfering all external border control and asylum policies solely to the eu as long as we have open internal borders . 
  but that is a * pro-european * view , one that hardly can amuse the sceptics . 
  `` most '' is debatable , but still . 
  politicians only reflect people , and as long among the people anti-immigration will be synonymous with `` all muslims are evil '' , so will it be with the politicians . 
  and no honest politician , if there are any , will associate itself with such movement . 
  only the corrupt and unscrupolous will do . 
  only recently , wiki probably not updated . 
  hmh , maybe i did not use the best words ... 
  the languages are of course a barrier , however what i am hinting at is that it is much harder to demonize and generalise some group with which one has often direct contact . 
  in other words when you frequently cross the border and visit i.e. 
  germany , either for vacation , bussiness or study , you are much less likely to percieve germans as a homogenous foreign block , instead of a bunch of people , and the notion that they are your co-citizens in european matters helps to understand the idea of common decision on eu-level , instead of the now-so-popular view that `` the eu '' is some external foreign entity that `` dictates '' to the nation states . 
  the more you meet `` them '' , the more you understand that we all together are `` us '' . 
   but you will never get anyone to accept that . 
  countries that have for centuries been part of someone 's else 's block willingly or unwillingly can not see the eu as anything else but another hegemony i would not be so pesimistic here . 
  countries are made of people , and people change with every generation . 
  everybody knew from the start that european integration is going to take a long time . 
  maybe it seems in the last few years that the we are going backwards as anti-eu sentiments are on the rise , but i still have the hope that the general course can be maintained . 
  it `` only '' takes many years of peace and open borders before europeans will lose the sense of foreignness among themselves , and thus nobody will need to feel threatened and ruled by a `` block '' - at least not more than it happens in the usa . 
  nice , i even see the prague central station there ... but if one rides a t3 every day , the inconsistencies are too much ... ( sharp-edged front , sideways sitting passengers ... smh ), 
  yeah , and light rail , premetro etc. 
  that 's what i meant by `` lots of crossovers '' . 
  if someone is interested in the truth , the main difference is that trams are driven according to driver 's line of sight ( like buses ) , while trains utilise signalling . 
  all the other differences kind of stem from this basic distinction . 
  ( and there are many sorts of crossovers of course , because why not make it complicated ) . 
  are they broad-gauge ? 
  does n't look like that from the photo . 
   rounded soviet ones they are [ czech too ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tatra_t3#t3su ) . 
  ( all trams once were from here ) . 
  and if you told this to someone in czechia , they could get really offended . 
  the t3 are considered something as a cultural icon here , i personally do n't know why , i personally do n't like them that much either . 
  this . 
  and a normally tall person can not see out without leaning down ... 
  the thing with the flowers is not an universal custom ? 
  you would really give a girl an even number ? 
  smh . 
  other things from your first point are completely nuts though , i agree and confirm as i have some ukrainian friends too . 
  how is the project going now , do you happen to know ? 
  i remember reading some time ago there was some disagreement whether to build proper hsr ( 300 + km/h ) or just a combined railway for 200 km/h for all long-distance , regional and goods trains . 
  was this solved yet ? 
  of course it is sensitive , that is why everybody should think twice before commenting . 
  we are all people ffs , it is like we did learn nothing from this history at all . 
  baltics can not into railway .
