  wow this comment section is just cancerous . 
  i can not decide if `` a jew was bullied , it is israeli propaganda '' or `` a jew was bullied , let 's bully all muslims in the world as retaliation '' is more disgusting . 
  historical experience diagrees with you . 
  do you know why the communist economy was so lacking behind the capitalist ? 
  part of it was poor planning . 
  but another part was that people actually stopped working . 
  the first five-year plan of czechoslovakia was actually exceeded . 
  but then people realized that everybody gets the same regardless of how much or how hard they work . 
  in addition to that , as everything belonged to the state , nobody felt responsible for anything , people started stealing stuff from companies they worked for , in retail scarce items were always kept `` under the counter '' for acquainted of the employees , etc. 
  this applies for tech fields too . 
  capitalism is flawed , but it is the best of what we have . 
  if equality of opportunuties is achieved or at least worked towards , it is a just system . 
  my source are thousands of first hand stories , as my coutry actually had to live through this shit . 
   why is he downvoted ? 
  reddit is mysterious sometimes , maybe they really want planned economy ( sidenote : it does n't work ) . 
  however thanks for support , kind stranger . 
  when destroying one country is not enough . 
  thank you nigel , but no , we do not really need you here . 
  stay home . 
  if it is so , that is unfortunate , but the pricing results from the free market and is of no concern to the state , if people are willing to buy it , the price is right . 
  the quality , if it really is different , is the problem and maybe if those inferior-quality bars had to be branded like snickers lite , mars lite etc. , the price would drop too ( because who would buy bounty lite at the price of bounty in the west ... ), 
  easy now , easy . 
  i am like the last one who could be accused of socialist leaning , and there is no need to make irrelevant comparisons . 
  not mentioning that many of those things you list actually * are * fraud now ( if you market something as chocolate from heaven and it is * not * chocolate from heaven , and you do this as a company , not a private person , i can totally get you fined for violation of customer rights ) . 
  but back to the topic . 
  as of now , every grocery item has to state its contents . 
  do you see this as the state meddling with the free market ? 
  i do not . 
  it is only protecting the customers from being sold shit masked for heavenly chocolate . 
  what we are debating is only extending similar regulation to cross-border product branding , in other words tying the brand to the contents . 
  you can argue that it is not necessary and people should read the contents . 
  well , that is up to the debate . 
  i think it is only right to push the companies to little more honesty , as all transactions between free individuals should be based on mutual trust and respect . 
  there is no * right to decieve * , as you suggest , neither is the deceived the guilty . 
  in my opinion the problem is elsewhere . 
  since the people here care much more about price and less about quality as in the west , they obviously get lower quality for lower price . 
  that is basic economics and it is fine . 
  the problem is that the two different products are marketed the same across the border . 
  as we have a common market , by selling e.g. 
  nutella with inferior ingredients and still claiming it is nutella they basically commit fraud . 
  what they say is `` look : here is nutella !, 
  the expensive thing you know from the west !, 
  and it is for half the price ! '', 
  if the eastern product was branded as nutella lite instead , everything would be okay . 
  [ the slovakian state veterinary and food administration disagrees with you ] ( https://www.thelocal.at/20170217/study-finds-some-food-items-better-in-austria-than-slovakia ), 
  moral of the story ( map ) : everybody drinks something excessively , except czechia , where we drink * everything * excessively . 
  100 % accurate . 
  so is there any good pro-european choice ? 
  from the descriptions it seems only gerb is pro-european , however has issues with corruption , while every other party is owned by the russians . 
  if you happen to be of the pro-european stance , op , who will you vote for ? 
  and if you are n't , do you have an idea who the pro-european bulgarians tend to vote for ? 
  oh i know , i suggested 1917 as another time to explain my plural tense . 
  well , 1917 ? 
  yes , it is debatable how democratic the february revolution was and how `` recent history '' it is , but i would count it ... 
  is this satire ? 
  it kind of seems genuine , but some lines are obviously satirical , so i ca n't decide ... 
  they will never realize . 
  they will support putin until the last minute and if he falls , in a few years they will cheer for another dictator promising to return russia to its `` rightful place in the world '' . 
  every attempt to introduce democracy in russia has failed so far . 
  who are the saddest victims of this are the few actually sane russians who would want to live in peace with the west ... 
  the truck looks especially grumpy . 
  the swedes should be afraid i think . 
   teure vaterland til liechtensteiners are proud of their fucked-up shopping prices ^ / s ^ i ^ know ^ what ^ it ^ means ^ but ^ could ^ not ^ resist ^ the ^ joke, 
   parties were controlled by russia oh , the european classic . 
  military alliances sadly are about pragmatism . 
  as much as i would like turkey to be punished somehow , granting russia the bosphorus is not worth it . 
  turkey is super strategical . 
  depends on the alternative . 
  if the alternative is 100 million people dying , then let them come . 
  if the alternative is they just living their lives somewhere else , do not let them come . 
  but refugee policy is not what i was talking about . 
  i talked about the iron curtain , that it was a lethal weapon aimed at own citizens and talking of it like `` something we did well '' is deeply disturbing to me . 
  hell , some of my relatives actually risked their lives there ( made it through finally ) . 
  i really wish i could share your optimism , but i am rather pessimistic in this regard . 
  the falling oil prices hit them rather hard already , i seem to recall a little fuss about that reported by the media in late 2015 ( i think it was 2015 , certainly around some christmas ) . 
  but putin is still rocking . 
  i think they are buddies now . 
  they just can not say it outright because they have publicly hated each other for a while . 
  they certainly must realise their goals are aligned . 
  the erdo-putin meeting last year was publicly branded as `` trying to reconcile '' and `` normalizing relations '' , but i will bet you they talked something more than that behind closed door . 
  but can they fire a 90 kg projectile over 300 meters ? 
  packing my things going to ask for asylum ... where ? 
  is there any safe place for pinapple lovers ? 
  works in countries of a strong democratic tradition . 
  does not work in russia for example . 
  would it work in turkey ? 
  who knows . 
   we used to know how to do that during the cold war please , no . 
  you in the west have always accepted those of ours who made it through the minefield and we are eternally grateful . 
  the iron curtain was an inhuman disaster put up by a murderous regime ... 
  the west has never participated and that is to be saluted . 
   let putin sort them out you mean ally with them and let them take us from the flank ? 
  but ... but ... the lost generation ? 
  and now we are the same , comparing the u.s. to russia . 
  why should we fall to his level ? 
  that is really silly . 
  i hate trump as much as the next guy . 
  you can very well compare him to putin and i wo n't bat an eye . 
  but comparing usa , a historical ally , to russia , a historical enemy , is disrespectful to the u.s. as a country . 
  only thing they have done to us is electing a grossly incompetent baffoon with no sense of diplomacy .
