  however , in cz only the native names are used ( i.e. 
  simply `` dresden '' ) . 
  i would personally love to see - thanks to open borders - the population in the border regions mingling together enough that the minorities would actually gain the language rights and the now-strict border would become a scale ( driving and seeing signs in german , then german/czech , then czech/german and then czech ) . 
  until that happens however , things are as they are . 
   all surrounding non german speaking countries have mixed signs too near the border i am sorry but i do n't think we have anything like that . 
  it might be because we do n't have any german minority next to the border anymore ( but is n't that the same for poland ? 
  got confused by `` top deck of a bus '' , then noticed flair . 
   p ( o ) utin ( e ) a solution  guess who 's funding them ? 
  pretty clear guess for me, 
  i simply do not share your optimism that they would really stop . 
  there will always be such who will think they are smarter than the system or who will try to fool the authorities that they are political prisoners etc. 
  til i live on the highest peak of europe . 
  what a time to be alive !, 
  seriously , the map is beautiful , but a few geographical features do not add up . 
  sadly i can not see how that can be done . 
  unless you want to simply accept all the migrants and give them ferry tickets . 
  there will always be people desperate enough to give their lifelong savings to the traffickers , if they have another choice how to get to europe . 
  regardless of whether they get rescued or not . 
  the problem is that the traffickers could not care less whether the boats sink or not once they have the money , so going after these rescue vessels achieves nothing i really do n't know why are we dancing around the issue and not go after the traffickers themselves ? 
  1993 worst year of my life, 
  i thought pence was deeply antagonizing for all democrats and even some moderate/undecided voters . 
  that is how you choose the vp after all , you choose someone so terrible people think twice before impeachment , right ? 
  it is so nice to hear there is a place in the world where those things work and people 's rights are actually protected . 
  with the increasing trend of major sport event being awarded to questionable regimes , it is a nice idea to have two games hopefully without political controversy . 
  timezones probably . 
  the 12 year east asia trip now oncoming is a * nightmare * . 
  * hills seriously , our mountains are a joke . 
  that is why we love to go to other countries . 
  so you * want * us to go to the mountains and die ? 
  it is a conspiracy !, 
  yes !, 
  austrians , why do n't you export that ? 
  the name of the border town of raabs an der thaya/rakous nad dyj\u00ed extended first to the whole region of upper and lower austria and then even to the whole country . 
  if we applied the same logic as with the netherlands ( direct translation ) , you would probably end up being * v\u00fdchodozemsko * , so you should consider yourself lucky , 
  poland 's got our back ( though they should thorougly rethink what month is supposed to be `` kv\u011bten '' ) . 
  south ossetia seems to have solved itself rather nicely as well . 
   it should be kept separate and independent from the politics is that not the case in poland ? 
  if not that would be a much worse problem than anything about the justice system . 
  in cz the public ( see : `` public '' , not `` state '' ) broadcasting is vastly superior in news coverage and objectivity to any private tv station . 
  as i think is logical given the control structure . 
  would not just second rounds be enough ? 
  that is what we have here for some special posts that do not allow proportional system ( senate , president ) . 
  what it would do in your example would be that since noone got at least 50 % , the first two woudl have a face-off a week later . 
  the green voters would ( i assume ) switch to the democrat , who would win with 60 % . 
  main advantage is everybody is free to do whatever they want in the first round , tactics come in the second . 
  i do not know whether that would solve the two party system . 
  i find this very effective in routing extremists and widely unaccepted parties out . 
  for example , the czech communist party holds usually 10-13 % of the proportional vote , however they are virtually unable to get to the senate , because everytime they manage to get to second round , 87 % of people go and vote against them . 
  but here the level of water is used as an indicator , not volume . 
  and the level should , unlike in the picture , be obviously be the same everywhere . 
   what do people normally say in everyday conversation or maybe the commentator in an international game ? 
  well the question is only about english . 
  in czech language , as in virtually every other language , the short form is very well established ( as '' \u010cesko '' ) . 
  i have no idea what english native speakers use in their everyday conversation , i assume they either do not talk about us or use czech republic , since the news about czechia being official are fairly new . 
  in televised sports , i have never seen `` czechia '' used so far in writing , but the czech olympic comittee ( i think it was the oc , maybe it was the ministry of education/sport ) is allegedly trying to push for its use . 
  spoken commentary probably uses `` czech team '' , `` the czechs '' or some similar work-around to avoid the long name , i have never heard `` czechia '' , but again my information on this are probably limited , as i only follow hockey and most of the time not even in english . 
  this makes me slightly worried about the * oh-all-so-great * electronic ticketing system prague 's dpp is allegedly developing . 
  i personally try not to . 
  it is difficult . 
  sometimes i feel like aggressivity against some political opponents is justified . 
  those are those who i would be really pissed if my party would ever cooperate with , so usually those who i consider threat to democracy . 
  i despise the `` dems vs reps '' style of hating only among normal democratic parties . 
  since sooner or later everyone engages in it , i do not have much power to change it though . 
  so in the end what is more important for me that mannerisms is actual policy . 
  because almost all politicians are going to try everything , including this sort of aggressive campaigning , to get some votes , and i do not get to decide their behavior . 
  i have much better chance at deciding what general political course the country will have so that is what i stick to when voting . 
  that is not how the principle works at all . 
  i use both , whatever i like at the moment . 
  and i suggest everyone does the same . 
  there is no need only to use one form when both are equally valid . 
   you simply ca n't call your `` enemy '' all kinds of names and then explain how you now have to work with them anyway . 
  oh my sweet summer child . 
  that happens all the time here . 
  the reason why it is not possible in germany is not the system , but rather your politicians for some reason having basic decency . 
  it is probably the signature meal of our cuisine . 
  but what i was trying to say that the jam is used in restaurants to make the meal more appealing . 
  that 's probably also why it may appear to be widely used to a foreigner . 
  however with homemade sv\u00ed\u010dkov\u00e1 you would get the jam and the cream topping only very rarely , which makes the claim that it is `` very popular '' here kind of strange to me . 
  however i can see how you probably arrived at the conclusion . 
   and for some reason in czech republic . 
  not really . 
  you only get it with meat in `` sv\u00ed\u010dkov\u00e1 '' , and mostly only in restaurants , because it looks good . 
  austrians sometimes use it along wienerschnitzel in similar fashion . 
  that is just not true . 
  maybe in an elderly home . 
  this comment thread is a general one from the start . 
  and pretending that this is not an issue with anything else than fishfingers is silly , as there are many studies linked in this reddit post only and it is a consistent issue being raised ( and subsequently ignored ) rather often lately . 
  anyway , any solution solving only fish fingers and nothing else would be pointless . 
  this has to be addressed generally . 
   why do you starve if you do n't have fast-food available i am confused . 
  are you talking about the fish fingers specifically now ? 
  the discussion is about groceries in general . 
  and if you do not like fast food that is fine , but why should n't other people like it ? 
   how much of the higher prices is by your supermarkets taking a higher sales margin ? 
  what 's the difference in vat ? 
  nobody argues about price . 
  do you think we are commies or what ? 
   you are aware that the uk has just as much fish in their stuff ? 
  again you are picking just the one example . 
  and what is the point anyway ?
