  but it is silly to annoy daily lives of a million people just because some hypothetical one-time event . 
  tell that to the commies though . 
  i see , but it leaves people who reside out of eu despite being citizens , like op , without a valid answer . 
  seriously , the form is confusing . 
  they ask whether you are an eu national ( definitely yes in your case ) and then want to prove that by * residency * ? 
  that has nothing to do with it ( as you are a living proof of ) . 
  definitely worth a call to a helpline , if it exists , you have discovered a giant hole in the system it seems . 
  well , that really seems silly . 
  like , even if the terrorists cared about roaming prices , they got abolished anyway ... so what stops them for just not using german simcards ? 
  smh . 
  i think he means sharing whole section of route . 
  i do n't know where this happens in berlin , but munich is a great example of what i mean . 
  russian metro systems ( and all derived from them as in prague , that is why i know ) have strictly divided lines and usually extremely overdimensioned and overdecorated stations located inconveniently deep underground . 
  every line is almost a separate system with just servicing tracks to connect them . 
  passenger interchanges are provided by lenghty corridors deep in bedrock . 
  on the other hand , while this is painful for short-distance voyages , such a system offers extreme capacity . 
  prague subway line c is - due to its independence on other lines and generous dimensions - able to run trains at 90s intervals during peak hours without overcrowding stations or transfers significantly . 
  that is why from capacity reasons , many metro systems in the world are moving towards more and more divided lines . 
  see london and plans to divide the northern line into two or munich and the proposed `` u9-spange '' . 
  at least in germany you can avoid them by insisting you will wait in line . 
  can you explain more ? 
  is this really related to some antiterrorist measures ? 
  i am curious how . 
  i am pretty sure all lights in vienna ( and all of europe at least where i have been to ) have to be that way . 
  it is for safety , as pedestrians are allowed to enter the road even in the last second of green . 
  the `` time between 2 and 3 '' ( intersection clearing time ) is there not only for pedestrians , but even for cars ( much shorter and harder to notice ) . 
  it is computed specifically for each phase during the traffic light design . 
  it 's purpose is to ensure all vehicles and pedestrians of a phase clear the intersection before the next phase starts . 
  if russia really is how you describe , that is an interesting tip i should remember if i ever happen to drive there . 
  honestly , this fits czechia perfectly as well . 
  foundation ? 
  who needs foundation ? 
  have you not heard that beer is liquid bread and hunger just a thirst in disguise ? 
  yep , i have never run into any problems except annoying traffic jams at borders . 
  they definitely do not care about goods that much though , they usually ask the stuff about where are you going , what will you do etc. , then sometimes take the id cards away , presumably to run checks against some database ( ? ) . 
  so i think they may deny entry if they found something , why would they check otherwise ? 
  we really like to live healthy , do n't we ? 
  from my experience the baltic and northern seas are freezing even in summer . 
  but since there are plenty of beaches in northern germany , i suspect i am not the most endurant one in this regard . 
  that is probably more my ignorance than yours . 
  i had a friend with an indian passport and german-issued study visa who * was * able to enter and exit switzerland a few months ago without hassle , so generally yes . 
  it does not hurt if op checks with the authorities though . 
  switzerland is supposed to be in the schengen area , however it did not happen to me ever that i would not be checked on entering , so who knows how do they actually honor the agreement and what will they come up with . 
  [ relevant ( ? 
  ) ] ( https://youtu.be/xtnmfdx9ys0 ), 
  i feel like stating the obvious , so sorry if this is a no-brainer for you . 
   karlsruhe  skiing  hiking you are basically at a heavenly spot , having all of swiss and french alps easily within reach . 
  you really can not miss with any place there , at least in terms of nature . 
  money and visa ( for ch ) may be an issue , i do not know . 
  yeah i can see the point now . 
  i was unaware about this cash back thing ( i do not claim it is not a thing there , i never used a credit card in my life ) . 
  some issues you listed are not a problem for me however . 
  i use my debit card basically daily . 
  in your example i would only be spending 700 because the use of my debit card is free of charge . 
  and the blockation in case of loss/theft works like you describe in the credit card case ( you call them , block the card , say what you did last , and they refund any money not spent by you to your account and disable the card ) . 
  i do not think it would be legal here for the bank to withhold money from you that you report as spent after the card 's loss/blockation . 
  i assume credit cards are more of an american custom . 
  although i do not dare to speak for the whole of europe on this issue , maybe in some countries they are popular , however i have yet to find such country in europe . 
   never use an debit card ... those are tied to your money directly . 
  credit is not . 
  i will use this opportunity to ask you what kind of bothers me about the whole principle of credit cards : how is this considered a good thing , or what are the other percieved advantages ? 
  from my point of view , it is much better to use money i already have ( i.e. 
  debit card ) than to unnecessarily indebt myself to a bank . 
  with debit card i have control of my expenses and stay debt-free . 
  they would probably be pleased . 
  i certainly would be . 
  altough on the other hand i admit that in case of people living here ( i.e. 
  not tourists ) i would even expect them to do it . 
  guest : either proceeds to take shoes off or asks whether he should host ( if it is not wet outside ) : `` it is not necessary . '', 
  guest : still is expected to take shoes off, 
  i liked the original one the best i guess . 
  i have not yet read the prequels besides atreides , are they also so good ? 
  i heard a lot of hate towards herbert jr. & anderson , but i have to say i liked the areides prequel , so i am conflicted whether to dive into it properly . 
  you have some fine taste in books . 
  which of the duncan idaho 's is your favorite though ? 
  do n't worry about me , worry about the dutch !, 
   official name * nizozemsko * is official . 
  literally * the netherlands *, 
  now that is a million dollar question here . 
  trying to find the answer to this is what europe is doing for past three years and i doubt we manage to do so in this thread ... 
  i can hardly claim to be evolved thanks to what happens on the other side of the planet . 
  i am only evolving due to the political situation i encounter . 
  and that has made me , i would say , more willing to compromise on my right-wing economical opinions to promote my socially liberal views . 
  in other reason , i have not changed my views that much , however i do no longer assign economical questions such importance as i used to . 
  i also would like to comment that your new opinions , op , are in no way center-left . 
  some of them are at least borderline authoritarian and downright scary . 
  on the other hand there are people who want to make preferably prague and vienna in one day and add five small towns on top of it . 
  i 'd say one had to find a compromise . 
  prague can easily entertain anyone for three days at least . 
  whoever wants to stay longer should consider seeing more of the country . 
  reminds me of the time i anxiously kept to the 80 kph limit in norway and proceeded to be overtaken by a truck . 
  that was the end of all your speed limits for me . 
  lots of things related to cycling ( alcohol for example ) . 
  i have never heard about somebody being ticketed for slight speeding on a freeway ( around 140 , 150 is rather common . 
  of course if you go 200 they will get you ) . 
  that contrasts with a rather high number of speed cameras everywhere else . 
  i personally think it is a good thing . 
  the police never actually tickets anybody for dangerous driving , as in not keeping safety distance , dangerous overtaking , failing to zip properly etc. , unless something happens . 
  the roads would be much safer of they kept an eye on this imho . 
   did you ever hear the tragedy of darth plagueis the wise ?
