  1 ) ice hockey 2 ) football, 
   rarely shoot anyone unless it 's absolutely necessary well , that is a bar set pretty low . 
  ( not that i dispute finnish police being trustworthy ) . 
  i generally do trust them , however last year my trust was severely shaken a few times , i.e. 
  by the [ incidents with the chinese ] ( http://m.dw.com/en/chinese-president-xi-jinping-arrives-in-prague-amid-protests/a-19147019 ) , where the police utterly failed . 
  or when they sided with rioters at a neo-nazi rally who attacked the media ( [ czech link only ] ( http://www.lidovky.cz/cro-chce-prosetrit-napadeni-prenosoveho-vozu-pritomni-policiste-nereagovali-1x8-/zpravy-domov.aspx?c=a160207_122349_ln_domov_ele ) ) so in general , i do trust them for most purposes , but when things start to get political , it is imho advisable to have eyes open . 
  well , sorry . 
  honestly the comment seemed rather too strong-worded to contain random jokes , especially such that do not seem in context with the general discussion . 
   nationality is n't something you can just make up on a whim but that is op 's question , right ? 
  how people feel about this . 
  so i said `` i could n't care less , say you are whatever you want to be , i respect that '' . 
  you probably would reply differently . 
   handling the passports why do you seem not to understand that nationality is not citizenship . 
  i , just to be sure , repeated it twice . 
  so , for the third time : nationality ! = citizenship, 
  in my book , you can . 
  that 's exactly what i am trying to say . 
  it is your choice , based on what you feel , and i will respect it . 
  when you introduce yourself , i am not going to dispute your name , why would i dispute your nationality ? 
  ( i repeat again , because it is important : nationality ! = citizenship ), 
  well i would never consider myself to be from a country i have no connection with and i assume not many people would . 
  but i think it is their choice . 
  who could maybe object are people who * are * connected to argentina , that is true . 
  hello chinese . 
  why not ? 
  it is not my decision , it is yours . 
  but due to the recent controversies with the prague building regulations and with the constantly delayed metropolitan plan , many projects need to be reworked and reworked again , so we are probably to see a sharp decline ( yes , even from current state ) in construction in the coming few years . 
  there are many cities without skyscrapers yet without a housing crisis . 
  this regulation probably contributes significantly to the high rents , but it seems unfair to put it like `` it is their own fault only '' . 
  well occasionaly you see a vegan shop/restaurant on the street , and i know of one vegan person ( stressing * of * , she is a friend of a friend of a friend etc. , never actually met her ) . 
  so i would say not very common . 
  certainly not so common as in e.g. 
  germany . 
  citizenship is a legal term , defined by passport . 
  however nationality is personal choice . 
  if you tell me you are danish , i will consider you danish . 
  if you tell me you are norwegian , i will consider you norwegian . 
  if you claim to be both , i will get along with it . 
  hell , if you say you are argentinian , i will have no problems with it . 
  but whyyy ... this is starting to be super interesting for me !, 
   already happened with the communist party i was under the impression that die linke are the ( rebranded ) communists . 
  is this wrong or were there more communist parties in germany ? 
  could you elaborate on those holes ? 
  it seems interesting . 
  exactly . 
  there has always ( naturally ) been a divide between prague and the countryside , and in last few years it is deepening more and more . 
  i sometimes feel like those are two completely different nations . 
  there is a deep hatred in the regions towards prague and deep disgust with the regions in prague ( when it comes to political matters at least ) . 
  til i am 3/10 . 
  because they need your signature and if they do not find you at home , they leave a notice that you should pick your package at the post office . 
  or that is how it officially should be . 
  in fact they are lazy and only carry the notice papers ( even if you are home the whole day , you ussually find the `` not found at delivery address - please come to post office '' in the mailbox ) . 
  this is / thread for all slavic languages it seems . 
  i am afraid that if it did not strike you at a first read , you simply are one of those people that will never really fall in love with the book . 
  someone simply is susceptible to marquez 's emotional manipulation and somebody is not , nothing to worry about . 
  to describe my experience , i also did know nothing about the context , yet the imaginative storytelling took me on a emotional rollercoaster i never experienced with any book before or after . 
  i was literally unable to put the book down , and five hours after i started i reached the end , almost crying . 
  came here to say this and was 100 % sure it would not be there ... surprised . 
   mandatory czech + foreign language or math ( choice of the student ) + 2 other subjects you are right , at this time it is like this . 
   marks from * maturita * matter very little i beg to differ , they can matter very much , depends on school . 
  i am aware the situation is radically different at other schools ( i.e. 
  medicine ) , but at least in technical schools , it is very common to get accepted only on the grounds of maturita math grade or even on the basis of your average math grades in high school . 
  only those who do not fulfill those criteria have to take the ( also usually rather easy ) admission test . 
  technical schools usually take big numbers of students into the first year , however hardly a third of those make it past first few semesters . 
  well but those are cities in other states , they obviously should be named in their local language . 
  if it were the other way , it may not matter for people from people from austria , slovakia or czechia , who would probably understand what constant change between brno/br \u00fcnn , v\u00edde\u0148 / viede\u0148 / wien or bratislava/pressburg meant , but it would definitely confuse the hell out of international travellers unable to speak either language . 
  yeah , switzerland-canada  eurovision . 
  when we are at this topic , could you or some other german native speaker please give a brief history on how and why did the term `` fr\u00e4ulein '' fall out of use ? 
  when learning german , i was always ( correctly , i assume ) told never * ever * to use this word . 
  however never did i get any explanation why . 
  all other languages i know make the distinction , why is it considered rude/impolite in german ? 
  well once we are already breaking nation-states , we should probably keep an eye on keeping the new states similar in terms of population and area . 
  so if we break germany into bavaria , brandenburg etc. , logic dictates keeping small states as czechia or austria almost intact . 
  our current regions are too small for being equal to l\u00e4nder of germany or even the new d\u00e9partements of france . 
  that 's technically true . 
  although i would argue that despite the de jure anthem being wordless , de facto the schiller lyrics are the most widely accepted . 
  how long are you on this sub ? 
  it is * quite * prominent here . 
  true , my bad . 
  but salzburgerland does n't , 
   *** border *** regions last week i was in salzburg for 19 $ and several times in munich for 14 $ . 
  so not only borders . 
  well that is the only thing which is similarly expensive to germany here ... 
  the only good thing about this comment is the `` central europe '' bit , 
   ` czech ' without - ia , would be better no , please do not use that . 
  feel free to use czech republic instead of czechia if it feels better to you , but `` czech '' is an abomination . 
  i believe it is catching up , albeit slowly . 
  i am trying to help it a little bit whenever i can . 
  most languages however commonly use the short form , however it looks like . 
  even in czech language itself , we now use '' \u010cesko '' far more often than '' \u010cesk\u00e1 republika '' . 
  at least in informal speech . 
  i was thinking about the norhtwest , but vyso\u010dina fits much better . 
  when the bolsheviks team up with the christians , you know something unpleasant is on its way ... 
  i am currently studying in munich ( for an exchange ) . 
  i can recommend it , but you should be aware it is * really * expensive here , even for germany . 
  and regarding language : i speak german , but from what i learned from the other international students , it is not a problem to only speak english when you first arrive . 
  you will be expected to start learning german right away , but as long as you are willing to do so ( the university will help ) , you wo n't have any issues with language barriers . 
  edit : i assume you are a grad student . 
  tu generally does not offer many english courses on bachelor level . 
  it is illegal to `` support and propagate motions aiming to suppress the freedom of man '' .
