  not that they would help them . 
  the police and coast guard . 
   britain can refuse entry passengers of the eurostar or ferries , just as they do currently for illegal immigrants arriving by plane . 
  yes but they 'd do so in dover instead of calais . 
  i 'm sure the british voters are ready to give their border protection to private companies . 
  then they 'd be refused entry on french territory in calais , and sent back from where they came from , the uk . 
  that 's where you 're wrong . 
  the uk uses the touquet agreement to carry on the border protection on french territory . 
  there is no obligation for france to allow it . 
  then there would be no border control to board the ferries in calais , only to disembark in dover . 
   their points of entry also called `` the ocean '' . 
  those who liked it are n't in calais . 
  those who do n't are . 
  it 's funny because it 's only in eu countries that did n't join the euro that it appears so evident that this money was a mistake . 
  it 's not that obvious really , in many ways that euro is a success and many people in the euro zone do not regret at all the switch to it . 
   functions as the job 's factory of europe how 's that ? 
   itt : this subreddit pretends europe doesnt have problems with immigration no , they understand that the answer to immigration issues is n't to isolate ourselves as much as possible behind a large wall . 
  what do you think your kids should learn instead ? 
  german perhaps ? 
  it seems that most brits do n't have an issue with eu citizens moving in or out , but rather economic migrants ( from non-eu countries then ) . 
  the uk already controls immigration from outside the eu . 
  leaving the eu wo n't change anything about that topic . 
  good thing it 's already the case . 
  for some reason i doubt the uk universities would reduce prices for everyone . 
  they are businesses , if they can get full classes of wealthy asians paying top prices they 'll do so . 
  the universities of other countries would become more attractive and known . 
  the tuition for europeans in uk universities would triple , sending more european students elsewhere in the eu . 
  easy to say . 
  we already have border control . 
   the rights of residence of these citizens will be protected . 
  but right to work ? 
  we ca n't kill them you know . 
  the question is n't how to get them , it 's what to do with them afterwards . 
  no way france pays for building , guarding , and filling a huge prison indefinitely just for that . 
  we used to manage the camp , it was called sangatte . 
  it was closed after the british complained about it . 
  only when there 's a speed trap . 
  because they 're the only extreme party that got high enough results to deserve it . 
  if bloc identitaire or the anarchist community had similar results , you 'd see them moving against it just as well . 
  well i do n't think so . 
  every day there are some businesses who can not get a loan from any bank . 
  a few days ago a restaurant made the news by refusing to serve bankers to highlight the problem , after they could n't get $ 70k lent to open a second place . 
  given the fn 's rough financial past it 's likely that it 's seen as too risky by the banks . 
  added to the potential pr risk to their customers , it 's probably a very rational business decision not to loan them money . 
  well if they ca n't get a decent rate that would be because they can not provide a financial risk low enough . 
  now we 're not so much into the conspiracy are we , unless it 's also a conspiracy when your mortgage gets rejected . 
  honestly if it was the only stupid thing in their program i would n't care that much about them possibly winning . 
  any bank not concerned by their customers being showed that they lend to the fn . 
  but i agree that even then it could be difficult to get a good loan , because of the near bankruptcy and state money embezzlement last time . 
  they probably needed a friendly government supporting them despite the financial risk , not just a rational private institution . 
  and you can see how sarkozy can not be bribed . 
  even after taking the money he still went to war against qaddafi . 
  what a personal integrity !, 
  literally they want to leave the integrated command of nato , and `` offer russia an advanced strategic alliance , based on a deepened military and energy partnership '' ( straight quote from their last program ) . 
   the economic situation on the front national and the ability to refund the money maybe the fact that they 've been on the verge of bankruptcy since a few years , and that marine le pen embezzled election money the last time did n't help . 
  well yes , what countries are there in the world outside of france and russia ? 
  i do n't think she could have looked elsewhere really . 
  we should n't be able to dictate it , but we certainly criticize it and use it to convince people not to vote for her . 
   when you can unite socialists and conservatives against you , you must be doing something right . 
  we do n't eat staples on france . 
  they do n't digest well . 
  that 's pretty arbitrary . 
  i could say that france already got a higher gdp per capita then . 
  except the english of course . 
  $ 3 trillion for what ? 
  gdp ? 
  take the swiss instead . 
  the belgians still use `` quatre-vingt '' . 
  that 's not calais , that 's a small town near valenciennes . 
  afnor is actually in contact with the association behind b\u00e9po . 
  according to their first feedbacks it seems they are considering proposing both an improved azerty , and a b\u00e9po-like one ( that would be called ergonomic or something ) . 
  it 's weird to just measure by household salary . 
  a single person earning # 30k will cost less in subventions than a family with 4 kids who earn # 40k total . 
  they 're the same company as peugeot though . 
  you can `` get married '' religiously without being officially married . 
  however it has absolutely no value outside of your church . 
  it 's just as if you `` got married '' within your group of friends but did n't tell anybody outside . 
  it 's not forbidden , you can have whatever ceremony you want regardless of the state . 
  not sure if serious , but that does n't change anything since you then use that energy and transform it into heat . 
  would n't be as convenient to spend your holidays in a camping in southern france then . 
  it 's never used in everyday life in france , but it 's very common in professional settings , like large companies . 
  it 's really convenient for plannings . 
  aww , just like a real politician ... 
  honestly i 'm more shocked by their economic program than by their comments on muslims . 
  trains to where ? 
  well apparently france is pretty good at this since there are loads of migrants stuck in calais by the french police . 
  thing is , you do n't say no . 
  you let france say no for you . 
  in france it 's not `` beautiful as a greek '' , but `` beautiful as a greek god '' actually . 
  and it 's for men only . 
  yes but it 's `` extreme '' . 
  and the protectionism and closeness to the world is more specific to the far-right . 
  at the same time it 's pretty understandable that they could n't get an aircraft that does n't work with their aircraft carrier . 
  10000 a year is very little . 
  also , their ideal is 0 . 
  and yes , i live in france . 
  my impression was that the list for each person would be much longer , and that counting it all by hand would take lots of time and resources . 
  i mean , if each citizen makes an ordered list of all the candidates that 's a massive amount of data to treat by hand . 
  i guess it can be done by entering each paper ballot onto a computer then , which would allow recounting , but that 's still quite some logistics . 
  if that 's a method just with 2 top choices it 's simpler then , yes , and still quite better than the current method .
