  the problem is that it makes electronic voting mandatory , because it 's realistically impractical to count by hand . 
  and that brings a lot of risks and questions . 
  they 're quite unclear about the details really . 
  depending on the time or document they mention it , it varies in scope . 
  for example they never made a clear criteria to know which country would be `` unfair competition '' ; sometimes they even talk about southern europe this way . 
  but the idea of having some form of border taxes added is consistently there . 
  or do n't care . 
  it 's not a workaround , and the result is actually what 's the best for the majority of the people . 
  historically it looks like local elections are usually more left-wing than the national ones . 
  i guess people want social programs when it 's close to them . 
  yes but many people ( including me ) still call them ump sometimes by habit . 
  it 's still new enough that nobody cares . 
  also some people resent them for this name change and continue to use ump voluntarily . 
  because they changed name as a communication trick to help forget the scandals they were in recently , and it 's actually the second time they use this cheap tactic ( before 2002 they were called rpr ) . 
  also their chosen name is also a cheap trick because it leaves you feeling that people outside their party are not `` r\u00e9publicain '' . 
  voting for a small party encourages the large party to take their specific policies to be able to catch those votes for the second round . 
  so it influences the policies of the large parties . 
  for instance the ecologists work this way in france . 
  they can not realistically win a presidential election . 
  they still try , get 5 % , and negotiate with the ps a shift of the policies to be more environmental and maybe get a minister or two , to appeal to those 5 % at the second round . 
  the problem , if we continue with that example , is that if you are an ecologist but fear that the second round might be right vs far-right , you can be tempted to vote directly for the ps to ensure they stay this round ( so that you can vote for them afterwards as planned ) . 
  but then your specific ecologist support is n't heard . 
  that 's why methods like condorcet are seen as more representative and are often used in small organisation ( because they 're unrealistic for large elections unless it 's all electronic ) . 
  then you do n't give a single vote but a preference list , and the method calculates the best candidate for the majority of people . 
  you ca n't `` waste '' your vote . 
  well it 's better to settle for someone who you do n't agree with too much rather than get someone you hate . 
  it 's actually a pretty logical result , and it corresponds to what very democratic voting systems like condorcet give . 
   tactical voting to suppress the will of a large segment of a population is not a good thing . 
  well if it work it shows that that large segment is a minority , and the majority prefers any of the other options . 
   hopefully the rise of support for the likes of fn will force the mainstream parties to recognise the ` politically incorrect ' concerns of millions of voters , and adjust their policies somewhat accordingly . 
  yes , hopefully . 
  it 's not undemocratic , and actually the result would then be the same in the most democratic system possible , like a condorcet vote or similar . 
  if the majority of the people , left and right , manage to team up it 's because they consider the far-right to be too undesirable . 
  that 's perfectly the will of the people . 
  just because there 's a group debate between a chocolate or strawberry cake does n't mean that it 's democratic to let a minority impose a currywurst as a dessert . 
  after reading this i went to find the latest `` popularity '' estimation , and well , [ the attacks have made their effect ] ( http://www.tns-sofres.com/dataviz?type=1&amp;code_nom=hollande ) i guess ... perhaps with the decent cop21 result and today 's elections results hollande is winning back a bit of trust ? 
  that would actually be a real opportunity for ump . 
  i think sarkozy 's done outside of his party , too many people have a bad opinion of him as a person . 
  but jupp\u00e9 has a decent reputation all around . 
  he 's getting a bit old now but well , sarkozy did increase the retirement age after all / s. 
  or maybe they can find a good new and youngish leader to go with the new name ? 
  the `` right '' is usually more on the liberal side economically , and a bit conservative socially . 
  here the fn is very conservative socially , to the point that many people consider them authoritarian , but more importantly they are economically protectionist . 
  very protectionist . 
  i do n't want to go again in the detail of their proposals , but basically they idealize a country which is economically ( and politically ) independent , who produces their stuff for themselves , with little reliance on international trade . 
  they favour taxes on importations , independent monetary policy , independant regulations , low emphasis on teaching foreign languages , discouraging hiring foreigners . 
  they present themselves as a wall , a protection against globalization which they see as the root of most of france 's problems . 
  also contributing to their `` far-right '' label is their historically very strong stance on immigration , which they basically want to cut to nothing and that they consider the cause of many social and economic problems ( it goes with globalization ) . 
  many people within the party have had a history of being a bit too far on the racist comments ( including some justice convictions ) , which helps giving that image of extreme right ( even though no official policy of the current party is openly racist ) . 
  and they are supported by the most extreme far-right groups in the country , being the closest large party to them ( various more or less violent bunch of fascists/racists/neo-nazis / skins ... ) , which does n't help the image . 
  xp was upgraded to 7 before the end of life though . 
  and most people stay on windows , they do n't use linux at all . 
  yes , they 're kinda right on that . 
  that does n't make them any better though . 
  yes it 's similar i think . 
  france was n't in nato for a long time , although they followed nato 's decisions and operations . 
  to be honest , getting out of nato is n't the part that shocks me the most here . 
  the will to get close militarily to russia is quite more disturbing . 
  it 's also the case for their voters . 
  a large part of their support base votes for them because they see it as the party against the current system ( where the old left/right choice is really similar and people are tired of it ) . 
  but those people are not aware of most of their program . 
  for instance most people do n't know they want to stop refunding abortions . 
  i 'm not sure why the media does n't bring some points up though . 
  it 's always around immigration and the eu , but they never bring up their very conservative views of family and women for example , their support for death penalty , their rejection of foreign languages at school ... 
  even about the economy , the debates are always stirred around how bad it is now and whether or not it 's because of the eu and euro . 
  they manage to present themselves as a change for the good for the poor people , even though a sudden devaluation would ruin the popular classes . 
  they even manage to criticize the `` social dumping imposed by the eu '' when their proposal is to get rid of the insurance of no dumping due to the euro common rate and start a new race to the bottom within europe . 
  but somehow it 's never brought up in details in the media . 
  i 'm sure that if you explain widely that a 25 % devaluation means all prices go up roughly that amount but your salary stays , they 'd lose quite some support in poor neighbourhoods . 
  currently they even steal votes from the communists !, 
  i understand that there is also a gap between the french-speaking part and the german-speaking one , is n't there ? 
  ( the latter being more in favour of keeping it ), 
   then why being so attached to french language ? 
  that 's clearly linked to the origins , is n't it ? 
  nope , that 's cultural . 
  not ethnic . 
  yes . 
  not everyone votes , and not everyone votes for a guy they like . 
  i do n't think the president popularity is ever a majority in france . 
   they ca n't have anything xenophobic in it . 
  they can . 
  they ca n't have something openly racist though ( and they do n't ) . 
  the fn program is n't racist . 
  many of their supporters are , but dismissing the fn on grounds of racism is wrong . 
  they have plenty to criticize , but the party itself is n't based on racism . 
  well that 's in their program . 
  on top of my head : get out of euro and eu , devaluate the currency 25 % on the first year , impose border tariffs on importations , get out of nato , special partnership with russia , cut various social and insertion funding , `` national preference '' to french people on all job offers ( unclear how but they proposed taxes on hiring foreigners in the past ) , give new legal protections to police in case of blunder , involve victims in the decision committees of the justice system , bring back death penalty , stop paying for abortions , give mothers-at-home a salary ( but not fathers ) , cut foreign languages teaching to promote french learning instead , install metal detectors to enter schools , physically destroy `` difficult '' schools and rebuild them further away ( ! ) . 
  i ignore the parts about immigration here ( even though they 're essential ) , because it 's another debate and opinions are pretty personal and subjective there . 
  the general idea is to cut it drastically . 
  edit : [ here is a source ] ( http://rue89.nouvelobs.com/2011/11/19/la-france-revee-de-marine-le-pen-son-programme-decrypte-226702 ) . 
  you 'll find plenty of them anyway . 
  and yet we 're doing ok . 
  it 's probably not the best it could be , but it 's still alright generally . 
  compared to most countries we 're pretty well off still . 
  maybe it has to do with the fact that our government is only `` socialist '' in the name , in reality they are social democrat . 
  and i 'm quite sure the fn 's idea of dumping the euro and the eu , and devaluating the new currency by 25 % the first year will do wonders for us . 
  coupled with border tariffs that would be great . 
  first thing to happen is everyone trying to move their money out of the country . 
  so either we have a financial breakdown , or we forbid people moving their money ( cyprus-style ) . 
  that 's the first few days .
