  you see an exodus of the educated and/or rich people , who are able to find a nice situation abroad easily . 
  soon enough , the devaluation comes for france and the southern europe countries . 
  everyone still having assets there is hit hard , and now we do social dumping between european countries . 
  the next years are mainly dominated by the reduction in trade due to the tariffs on importation and exportations ( by other countries reacting ) , and the slowdown in investment and innovation ( high risk country plus different regulations within europe are n't so great ) . 
  in parallel , government spending is being redirected from social and insertion programs to police forces and military , who also get new legal protections . 
  but of course with the kind of living standard reduction and inegality increase , you better control that poor population to avoid uprisings . 
  so yeah , i 'm pretty sure they wo n't get to power , but were that to happen i 'm getting myself and my money out of here . 
  depends on your sensibility . 
  i 'm french and i do n't care if some rapper does n't like it . 
  he can insult , i 'm fine . 
  yes , i love to shit even more on the economy . 
  i hate having a decent standard of living . 
  and if that drop in wealth could go with an authoritarian state that would be perfect . 
  btw , if the fn wins a presidential election , our european friends can expect the shitstorm to reach them pretty visibly also . 
  no , he did n't say that . 
  he said that the fn 's politic would make the people start a civil war , not that he would cause it . 
  well these days i 'm starting to entertain the idea that it might not be worse . 
  er , have you actually read the fn 's program ? 
  dassault and the government were trying to sell the rafale for a decade without any luck . 
  they even almost made a deal on it with gaggafi ... 
  they only started finding some customers this year . 
  the rafale has been a joke in the industry for a long time due to its inability to get any export . 
  it 's a good plane but too expensive due to the low production volume , and this type of contract is more politic than technical anyway . 
  however , we sell many other weapons to the saudis , like mbda missiles or other equipments ( like the thales damocl\u00e8s laser pointer for the saudi typhoons ) . 
  they buy our weapons . 
  lots of them actually . 
  of course , it 's the most profitable one . 
  he said the word !, 
  well yes i 've also met some british expatriates who learnt french . 
  but many do n't . 
  roughly 4 and 7 i think . 
  it 's vital for people who work in that international environment , and that 's a minority . 
  my local baker really does n't need to know much english . 
   if i ever have kids , they 'll watch cartoons in english . 
  one of my colleagues tries that , not with all cartoons but some , and has set days where they should talk in english with their parents ( both french but good english level ) . 
  apparently it 's not really miraculous either . 
  what i find the most shocking is how most british expatriates can live abroad for a decade , and never have the thought of learning the language . 
  like that 's normal . 
  talk for yourself , i do it the `` german '' way . 
  do you need one ? 
  in france you do n't , it 's legal not to use the bicycle lane if you want . 
   because right wing suggests as little and as less regulation , taxes and state intervention as possible , where left wing suggests as high and as many regulations , taxes and state intervention as possible . 
  the french far-right is n't liberal . 
  they are not against regulation , quite the contrary . 
  also , being for net-neutrality is against pure liberalism ; it 's a regulation . 
  sure , i 'm just saying it 's a valuable experience and it 's understandable that lots of people want to do it . 
  of course some people do n't and that 's fine , although i think that doing it at least once in your lifetime should be more widespread . 
   you do n't know the laws . 
  you have to make new friends . 
  you have to learn the social etiquette that 's the interesting part imo . 
  and you do n't need a visa in the eu . 
  that helps . 
  i do n't think it has a lot to do with a bad feeling about france . 
  i know quite a few young french who have gone abroad or want to for at least a few years , and none of them takes their motivation from leaving the country , rather than experience another one . 
  i also want to go work abroad soon , and the economic situation or taxes have nothing to do with it . 
  of course it 's anecdotal evidence , and it 's maybe biased because it 's a part of the population that is educated and has no employment issue . 
  but those articles do not offer reliable statistics either , and their conclusions are very different than my perception . 
  i think a more a case of emigration being more and more easy , attractive , and natural for each generation . 
  not because life in france is bad ( as you said those young people often have a good situation here ) , but because we do not need a visa , we speak foreign languages , we can find jobs over there ( sometimes paying more because of expatriation ) , and all in all it 's a very valuable experience . 
  moreover , it 's much more natural than before because loads of people have an international experience during their studies , so leaving for the second time is n't that intimidating . 
  france could be looking at it with a positive look ; our education system produces internationally attractive professionals , the young generations are more open to international experience than before , and thanks to the eu we can have access to a much larger job market and range of life choices . 
  awesome . 
  there 's quite a lot of background you 're ignoring there . 
  you brits really love having a king to guide you do n't you . 
   the u.s. military has even contracted airbus for in-air refueling aircraft . 
  not exactly . 
  they considered the offer . 
  but did n't do the contract in the end . 
  i must be insensitive to finnish humor . 
  ( / s btw ), 
  somebody got a bit butthurt by the [ wine thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3o58sd/italy_beats_france_to_become_world_largest_wine/ ) i guess :-) . 
  [ here ] ( https://i.imgur.com/rlmcgck.png ) good resource though , thanks . 
  italian meals look delicious as always . 
  huh . 
  this is pizza and pasta . 
  looks good , but kind of against the point of op . 
  thanks for the info . 
  i 'm pretty sure my local bakery is open every day , so i was wondering how that would go . 
  how else am i supposed to take my breakfast on sundays at 13am ? 
  if i have no baguette , what goes below the butter and jam ? 
  i 'm not saying it 's bad for the consumer , i 'm saying it 's bad for air france . 
  those lost flights and connections will reduce their profit on other lines , that are currently profitable . 
  a large airline must think in terms of network , not individual flights . 
  i 'm saying that it 's technically better ; more ideal . 
  however , we 're not in a vacuum , and it 's absolutely not realistic to go for it . 
  unfortunately . 
   why are they attacking executives if it is the pilots ' fault ? 
  i know from some af pilots that in the last months the mood between the crews and the ground staff has been terrible . 
  he 's right , people have been saying that for decades . 
  and yet it moves . 
  however , reducing the number of flights is a very dangerous move for the future . 
  they are opening slots and connections to their competitors , and reducing theirs . 
  in that industry , that 's destructive . 
  managing to get more competitive on the same lines would have been so much more promising for the future . 
  now the whole group is really in danger in the next years . 
  saucisson and cheese will be more efficient . 
  voted to stay under the english . 
  and i do n't understand why we do n't progressively use schuko plugs in france . 
  we would n't need to change our devices . 
   a language ca n't really be better or worse .
