  hell , nobody ever dared to touch their special religion laws because of that , even though they 're against the french constitution ... 
  it 's also easy to attack for his adversaries , especially if he got nothing in return . 
  they would point out his weakness to the eu , and particularly germany . 
  germany would be highlighted because they 'd keep the ecb . 
  so basically no party ever mentions that topic because it 's just too risky for them , in terms of election . 
  the only realistic way to make it change , is to make sure there 's something in return . 
  like something else in strasbourg that replaces the economic activity and prestige/influence . 
  like germany has the ecb , france had something at the time . 
  i know it does n't sound fair or whatever , but if your goal is to think about it instead of just bash the french then it makes sense . 
  personally i 'd agree that the parliament should n't be in such an influential country as france , just like the ecb should n't be in germany . 
  belgium is pretty good for that ; if they ca n't agree on a government , or even that they 're actually a country , there 's little to fear in terms of influence ... also , most of the comments here are just complains and french-bashing , honestly it 's not a really constructive or a welcoming discussion . 
  i 've never heard anyone talk about it in france . 
  either side . 
  in france , french guyana is mostly known for the rockets , and the mosquitoes . 
  the food is interesting though . 
  they 're talking voting right in the company 's board ( internal company votes by the owners to take strategy decisions ) , not for national elections . 
  i moved out at 15 as well , to study 500km away . 
  parents paid for the dorm room obviously . 
  when you see the properties of the french state for the president and institutions , you ca n't really say much about it . 
  actually that railway is a clusterfuck for time . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://dereklow.co/my-journey-across-russia-on-the-trans-siberian-railway/ ) an interesting article about the ride ; he goes about time zones around the end ( ctrl + f `` time zones '' if you 're not interested by the rest ) . 
  for arte there 's no unique original language . 
  the speakers are either french or german-speaking . 
   people 's right to self-determination except for refugees right ? 
  those ca n't choose their nationality . 
  good , you never know when those bloodthirsty bastards from south tirol will attack . 
  i assure you that i can get you french wines that are objectively terrible . 
  are we even sure it 's likely not a fake ? 
  by the way , i have joan of arc 's panties , if someone wants to make an offer . 
  the goal is to encourage people to take the bicycle instead of the car , you 're not going to achieve that by telling them they 're lazy . 
  it reminds me a lot of the verdon valley in france . 
  signal has a stronger encryption . 
  telegram has lots of critics in that regard , and snapchat is n't encrypted . 
  no the belgians would n't do that . 
  it 's those bloodthirsty luxembourgers i 'm wary about . 
  yes , so it 's not `` multiculturalism '' which is always a problem . 
  so if i , as a french ( currently ) , permanently move to germany for instance , it 's wrong to continue cooking blanquette and teach my kids how to speak french ? 
  a direct high-speed line under the alps would be significantly different than the current frejus tunnel , even if it gets reworked . 
  ah ok , thanks . 
  i thought that gibraltar was a crown dependency , not a part of the uk ? 
  they probably have no idea what they 'd do yet , since it would depend on many unknowns . 
  so they do n't want to make definitive commitments one way or the other . 
  but at the same time they want to make statements supporting staying in since they see brexit as a high business risk . 
  non-eu migrants are already controlled by westminster . 
  still can not understand why france is blamed for the camps . 
  with some friends we drove from budapest to the uk once . 
  we went through hungary , slovakia , czech republic , germany , the netherlands , belgium , and france without a single id check . 
  the only check was to cross the channel to get to the uk . 
  they would integrate well with british politicians it seems . 
  france 's integration policies have nothing to do with illegal migrants . 
  france did n't invite them . 
   no-one is going to carry them if they face fines for some reason i doubt the ferry companies have the means to check properly all the lorries thoroughly . 
  but let 's try , why not ? 
   both of those things they could do now , but do n't seem to be doing in large numbers no they ca n't . 
  they ca n't approach the ferries due to the touquet agreement application ( by the french forces ) , and the french coast guard and police prevents them from crossing with their own boats . 
   and from the uks point of view , france should really do something about the situation whereby they facilitate easy movement from outside of the eu , to the uk border without sensible checks in place the difference is that the uk can complain all they want , they ca n't do anything about the controls that schengen countries put in place . 
  however , france has total control of the controls that happen in calais and can unilaterally decide to stop it . 
  i agree . 
  i like to uk too , i even studied there . 
  but here the french government is just reminding the uk that they can not pretend it 's not a shared problem , and that france does have enough leverage for future negotiations . 
  it 's not going to be purely one-sided . 
  most of the migrants would then be squatting in the pre-check zone of dover , or would have jumped overboard and swam ashore , or would have gotten caught in shitty boats by the british coast guard . 
  in all those cases , the british would have to deal with them then . 
  globally it 's certainly not better , but if our countries stop playing ball together , from france 's point of view only it can be quite tempting to try . 
  given the pain in the ass that this is to manage , it 's understandable that france could consider ditching that agreement and accept the slowness of traffic instead . 
   there would be a conversation between relevant departments of both countries to agree a way of returning those declined refugees to country they entered from ok . 
  so now the french officials disagree . 
  what now ? 
  cool . 
  then let 's get rid of all this cost and mess already . 
  stop the agreement , stop the controls , let the carriers do it . 
  because the alternative would be to have the border check in the uk , at no cost for france . 
  france can pull out of the touquet agreement as it wants . 
  it 's totally in its power . 
  very well , so no issue there . 
  we could stop all this cost and the agreement and remove the controls . 
  the carriers will take care of it . 
  deal . 
  very well , so no issue here . 
  we can stop the agreement and controls , and let the carriers take care of it . 
  and they 'd be refused entry in france and sent back from where they came from , dover . 
  in practice you 'd get half the migrants squatting the pre-check zone of dover , and the other half jumping out of the ship before the harbour , swimming ashore , and getting caught for the british police to deal with . 
  sure , but it is entirely france 's choice to stop that , let you keep your millions and stop the controls in calais . 
  but then france could also send your ferry right back . 
  if france receives a ferry full of migrants coming from a first world country like the uk it would be perfectly legal to send them right back . 
  it sounds like you 're talking about the uk . 
   to france . 
  the carrier is responsible for their return but then french border control in calais could refuse them entry on french territory , fine the carrier and make him send them back to their departure point , the uk . 
  yes , i can see the uk agreeing to pay for a migrants prison in france ... 
   the uk could always check visas/passports on the vessels and trains before they leave france no they could n't . 
  they do not have sovereignty in french territory so the british border control could n't happen there without an agreement from the french . 
  also it does n't happen automatically in airports either . 
  unless an agreement is signed , border control happens at the destination , not the departure . 
  airlines can choose to check at the departure ( and do to avoid fees ) , but that 's a decision by a private company , not an obligation for the country . 
   you should protect your own regardless of the lack of realism of such statement , that 's not up the the british to comment on this . 
   because our nations are friends . 
  but ultimately it is not our problem . 
  no , not because we are friends , simply because france could choose unilaterally to let the entire problem shift to the uk . 
  therefore the uk proposes to pay for a good part of it to avoid such decision . 
  nobody said such thing , the minister said they could stop preventing them to try .
