  i guess the nsa does n't do anything when it 's a us company that does it . 
  that article is factually wrong . 
  it really shows the bias , and you can not trust it for the rest of its allegations really . 
   but the u.s. intelligence community would ( almost ) never spy on a foreign company just to benefit an american one . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/25907502 us intelligence leaker edward snowden has alleged the national security agency engaged in industrial espionage . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/echelon in the early 1990s , the u.s. national security agency intercepted the communications between the european aerospace company airbus and the saudi arabian national airline . 
  in 1994 , airbus lost a $ 6 billion contract with saudi arabia after the nsa , acting as a whistleblower , reported that airbus officials had been bribing saudi officials to secure the contract . 
  as a result , the american aerospace company mcdonnell douglas ( now part of boeing ) won the multi-billion dollar contract instead of airbus . 
  the american defense contractor raytheon won a us$ 1.3 billion contract with the government of brazil to monitor the amazon rainforest after the u.s. central intelligence agency ( cia ) , acting as a whistleblower , reported that raytheon 's french competitor thomson-alcatel had been paying bribes to get the contract . 
  in order to boost america 's position in trade negotiations with the then japanese trade minister ryutaro hashimoto , in 1995 the cia eavesdropped on the conversations between japanese bureaucrats and executives of car manufacturers toyota and nissan . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32542140 airbus to sue over us-german spying row, 
  depends by whom . 
  at engineering college ( nothing to do with it ) i had some courses about data protection against industrial espionage . 
  i remember being taught these things probably happen along with laptop/drives searches at the border crossings , or rogue visits by customers , travelers spying on others in airplanes ( and other methods ... ) , and that they do look for industrial secrets . 
  we were taught about proper protections against it . 
  they took it seriously already , there was even some guys coming from the national anti-spy agency who came at the school and had a course about protecting our future companies from industrial espionage . 
  that was about 6 years ago i guess . 
  first , it 's certainly illegal to ship people by force to a random country . 
  second , what makes you think that country will accept taking those people who have nothing to do with them ? 
   have to admire their insistence that illegal immigrants on french soil are somehow britain 's problem . 
  well if it 's not the uk 's problem , they should n't see any issue with france managing it as they see fit ? 
  france could let them pass without check . 
  no issue . 
  france could give them small and cheap rowing boats . 
  no issue . 
  france could give them automatic eu citizenship , they 'll be free to travel and settle then . 
  no issue . 
  obviously it 's also the uk 's problem , no question about it . 
  but in this case it creates problems on one side , so it 's logically put into question since the uk does n't want to hear anything . 
   at some point you have to force accountability . 
  accountability for what ? 
  you 're not even sure they 're from that country !, 
   if they seek refugee status they must provide some form of identity , false or otherwise . 
  `` yes , i 'm british '' . 
   then they get forcibly removed on the next boat regardless of destination . 
  but where ? 
  fuck i do love complaining about strikes . 
  goddamnit sncf ; again ?!!!, 
  it 's 10 . 
  for the weighted average . 
  in practice a good majority gets it , 10 is n't hard to get at the bac . 
  the exams related to your major have a much higher weight , and generally you choose a major you 're good at . 
  what you can do afterwards , where you get accepted , depend on your grades ( including from the previous 2 to 3 years usually ) . 
  the bac is just a formality , although you need it it 's really not sufficient to get anything afterwards . 
  no , wir must w\u00f6rk . 
  yes , although if you do n't back up your essay by literature material you 'll get a bad grade . 
  or it could be that people have had different experiences and views of the topic . 
  to give a sense on the french scaling system ; less than 2 you have written your name correctly , 4 you have n't understood shit , 6 is bad , 8 is lacking skills but not completely bad , 10 is ok , 12 is decent , 14 is good , more than 16 is excellent . 
  [ source ] ( http://combiendebises.free.fr/ ) , with a more readable map . 
  well if they leave before collecting the benefits it turns out pretty well for your country does n't it ? 
  yes , the bad effects for us are fast to see , and the good ones take more time to come ... but they 're coming , it can be seen on the results and forecasts of our large exporting companies . 
   would mean leaving the euro currency not really , with the recent policy from the bce the euro has gone down significantly already , and should continue . 
   the main reason was that spain has quite a lot of mountains generally , more mountainous areas use narrow gauges , like the mountain lines in switzerland . 
  because along a slope and between rocks , you do n't have as much room . 
  where ? 
  and now i 'm hungry . 
  that 's just not true . 
  everybody has to start at some point , and entry level applications are n't necessarily lame . 
  what makes an area not suitable at all ? 
  it just means `` less than 500 '' ? 
   `` i know that bt isa telecommunications company . 
  what can i say that will make sense ? 
  i like the internet !, 
  and i 've used a lan switchbox at home because the wi-fi signal was n't very good in my bedroom . 
  yeah . 
  yeah . '', 
  congratulations , you have discovered that doing a proper application is difficult , that it takes time and reflexion . 
  at the same time they should be able to spend time searching for a job also . 
  making and sending applications everywhere takes time . 
  it 's funny , the longest one in french means the same thing . 
  anticonstitutionnellement . 
  better than the `` low altitude middle endurance '' . 
  yes it 's simple , just put your hand under the colorimeter . 
  there 's euronews . 
  it was n't a test aircraft btw , it was a serial production one . 
  the flight was a test as it was the first one , but the aircraft was n't equipped with particular flight test equipment . 
  they have stopped flights of newly produced aircraft . 
  they are continuing to fly the flight test aircraft which have already been flying since long . 
  it 's important for communication to show that you still stand behind your product and fly it . 
  the boss of airbus military aircraft ( former test pilot ) flew in one of the test a400m the day after , it 's communication . 
  have you actually taken a look at it ? 
  it 's impressively simple in its rules , not because of the origin of the vocabulary . 
   possibly there might arise a regularized form of english in the future to serve as what esperanto wanted to be . 
  but english is much more complicated than esperanto though . 
  does someone has a source for that `` requirement '' ? 
  and you ca n't tax them . 
   it seems the time to move my ovh server from france to another eu country is coming closer and closer ... 
  i never actually expected france to be one of the first eu countries to pass actual mass surveillance laws . 
  i 'm in the same boat about hosting , but i think we should wait until the summer and the final decision on the law to change provider . 
  plus , ovh was part of a group of internet companies that threatened to move if the law passed as it was ( although that was about an older version of it ) . 
  i 'd wait for their reaction ( or lack of ) before switching . 
  same about email and vpn . 
  honestly i 'm really surprised by that number . 
  the strikes here are unfortunately common in public transportation , and a bit less in public service , meaning the people who actually bother lots of people when they strike or who have extremely good security . 
  other than that it 's very rare . 
  i really ca n't believe that number . 
  what i can find online go against it , [ for instance ] ( http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/labor/strikes ) . 
  it 's not about pride really . 
  i 've just never heard anyone talk about that topic in france . 
  from the politician point of view , it 's clear that his interests are on not touching the subject , because agreeing a move would lose him significant support from the alsace region and that would show in the next election .
