except france though . 
  i heard a theory that the roots from the roman empire explain the `` latin '' cultures ( france , italy , spain ... ) tendency to centralize power ( politically i mean ) . 
  or already equipped . 
  that does exist . 
   french-run illegal camps so french-run or illegal ? 
  and they say we lack entrepreneurship in france . 
  that 's assuming you can catch them , and that some country outside the eu will accept to receive non-citizens . 
  and then what do you do with all the migrants that come by themselves ? 
  they stay in your streets , homeless and working non-declared jobs ? 
  it 's an appealing idea , but then the problem is that you end up with both the refugees you ship here , and the migrants who come there illegally . 
  true . 
  with closed borders we already ca n't do much , with open ones it 's not better . 
   then why not allow romania and bulgaria in schengen for 5 years after they completed all the technical requirements ( border infrastructure ) . 
  it 's for political reasons , that is why , the old eu countries want to have levers against new ones i 'm not disagreeing on that , but that 's unrelated to this discussion . 
  what 's the relation with that migrants quota proposal ? 
   and it is a schengen problem because they all want to get into schengen so they can move freely between the wealthy states . 
  well i disagree , they do n't care about that . 
  they want to reach their destination and settle there , not keep moving all over the place . 
  also , even once they 've reached the schengen zone , they still ca n't travel freely . 
  what makes you think it 's a problem with schengen ? 
  migrants come , border control or not . 
  controls only delay them a little bit but nothing else . 
  see how they come into the uk as well ? 
  also there are border controls in schengen , although not as systematic . 
  look at all the migrants blocked in vintimiglia . 
  he did n't say it like it 's a good thing , he said it like it 's realistic . 
  we even export jihadists to the middle east ... 
  exactly . 
  what 's difficult there ? 
  they know that most of the volume wo n't have much problem , and for the rest it just makes it more difficult but not impossible . 
  germany hands out refugee status to syrians , which should allow them to work . 
  and yet they are passing . 
  wo n't stop anyone . 
  migrants are coming , and they pass . 
  whether we like it or not . 
  not every job require a work permit . 
  the black market is never negligible . 
   people fleeing war are n't picky . 
  actually in their place i would be . 
  obviously first you want to be safe . 
  ok , you 're in turkey , done . 
  now you 've lost everything , you need to start a new life somewhere . 
  better start over where you have the best chances for a decent life and finding a job . 
  a few weeks of additional struggle to travel wo n't matter much compared to the difference a country makes . 
  we 're going to have good football players there . 
  if you 're risking your life to flee and start over , you 'll want to start your new life in the best place possible . 
  a few days of additional struggle is nothing to the choice of country you 'll settle in . 
  like we have a choice . 
  bullshit , it 's all about jobs . 
  and then we could annex belgium together . 
  so romantic . 
  it 's just been a few hours . 
  chill . 
  all i know is my gut says maybe . 
  well the english kind of made an empire just to get some tea and sugar . 
  well since most englishmen use that industrial pg , tetley , or twinings mixed powder thing , it 's understandable . 
  but you should n't ruin good loose tea with milk really . 
  you went to eat at 7am , on holidays , at a resort ? 
  what 's correct is that we 've paid 1.2 b $ for 2 ships we do n't want . 
  a pint for 3 euros is very rare in france . 
  i 've seen it , but in special places . 
  in city bars it 's usually more in the 4.5 $ to 7 $ . 
  and that 's not in paris . 
  thanks !, 
   for more advanced training servicemen 255 days . 
  for special training servicemen , officers and ncos 347 days . 
  do you get to choose if you want to do that ? 
  i mean , being `` promoted '' . 
  some swiss friends told me that over there you 'll be selected for `` advanced '' things based on your physical ability , so many people try to not do too much sport and look in bad shape beforehand to avoid it ( especially since there 's not much reward and it 's quite more dangerous and exhausting ) . 
  also , if you do too well during service you can be promoted , and that extends your time , so people actively try to not get promoted by not being too good . 
  the swiss tax them . 
  all their life actually , a portion of their salary . 
  it 's quite big . 
  unfortunately it also only applies to men . 
  so an adopted kid can not be as proud then . 
  i 'd say it has to do with culture more than genetics really . 
   i guess everyone is proud of their culture and history lots of people would say `` happy about '' instead of proud though , since as an individual it 's difficult to be proud of things i did n't do personally . 
   it could even be argued that it was through the culture you create at home that it was they achieved such a thing . 
  well yes , more than the genetics , otherwise it would be different with adopted kids ( and it 's not ) . 
  but that only works for kids . 
  i ca n't be proud of being in a country with high standards of living , because it 's not my making . 
  i can be happy about it , and maybe being proud of continuing it by my work , but that 's it . 
   it is through their work that you became what you became . 
  exactly . 
  so * they * can be proud , but * i * did n't have anything to do for it . 
  i might very well be proud of what i 've done in my life though , but creating this nation and culture is n't part of it . 
  i do n't think one can be proud of what other people have done ( your ancestors ) , but if you do , you need to feel shame of what they did badly too . 
  so i should be proud of the country as a whole because i 've paid some taxes ? 
  i quite dislike it . 
  it feels ... blank . 
  it 's clean , it 's wide , fairly green , walking-friendly . 
  but it feels a bit like a hospital corridor . 
  it does n't make you feel bad , never looks ugly . 
  it just does n't make you feel . 
  at all . 
  to put it another way ; in mk i always felt like i was a few suburbs away from the town . 
  i never felt like i was walking in the center . 
  wherever i was . 
  yes , probably not in serbia . 
  you 'd say london is worse than glasgow , manchester , luton , coventry , or milton keynes ?
