  the core of the eu is very stable . 
  i do n't really think that that 's it . 
  cyprus has been a much bigger problem for turkey than religion for the past 40 years . 
  add ( press ) freedom to that the last decade ( ? ), 
  or so . 
  there are requirements for joining the eu and none of those say a predominantly muslim country ca n't join . 
  should we be britain staying under those circumstances ? 
  should we reject one country to keep another country happy ? 
  i really hope we 're above that . . every country should get the chance to follow the proper procedures and be able to join as long as they meet the requirements . 
  fuck off that thing is funded privately by a foundation independent from the greek state . 
  the netherlands and many other countries did n't have a revolution that gave the same rights to both sexes at the same time , so all the different unequal laws had to be changed individually . 
  a lot of them slipped between the cracks and survived a couple more decades . 
  actually even more recently women could work , but only unmarried women , so as soon as they married they got fired . 
  not everyone did that of course , but it shows that civilisation is relative . 
  i do n't see why turkey could n't be in a completely different situation ten years from now . 
  meant the netherlands , not turkey . 
  should 've been more clear there, 
  surely at least a step in the right direction then ? 
  i mean i think 40 years ago women could n't legally buy houses or shit like that so it 's not like western europe was already perfect then . 
  basically a dutch guy had ordered 10k t-shirts for his webshop with a `` netherlands - european champion 2016 '' print on them . 
  after failing to qualify , a belgian company bought these 10k shirts from him and had the old ladies iron `` belgium '' on the shirt instead of `` netherlands '' and `` possibly '' in front of `` european champion 2016 '' . 
  the old lady that gets yelled at and punched with the heated iron keeps ironing the wrong words on the wrong places and makes a couple of other well-meaning mistakes :(, 
  haha that 's amazing , where can i get it ? 
  ca n't find it on the site, 
  well my father went to romania to look into improving farming in a couple regions for a non-profit organisation and he noticed that romanian farmers know very little about what eu subsidies they can get from the eu . 
  the romanian government apparently does a very poor job of informing the farmers about this . 
  farmers can often qualify for multiple subsidies to improve their farms and the lives of their animals , but they simply do n't know about it . 
  something he actually witnessed was that the mayor and the veterinarian of a village took these subsidies for themselves by registering the animals under their own name . 
  in return they 'd give the farmer a small fee and the farmers were happy to take that instead of the hundreds of euro 's they could 've gotten if they had known better . 
  i genuinely think romanian farming in the poorest regions would improve massively by simply pushing information about what people can get and do . 
  of course i 'm sitting here behind my desk far away from romania so i have no idea how practical it 'd be to inform people about that , but i really think the romanian government could improve a lot . 
  you 're really nice people though , according to my father . 
  beautiful country too , just a shame about the corruption, 
  in addition to what that there are several other regional suffixes like - ink from twente ( hiddink is one of those ) and - ma and - rda , both of which are frisian/gronings too . 
  in addition to what the other guys told you , there are several other regional suffixes like - ink from twente ( hiddink is one of those ) and - ma and - rda , both of which are frisian too . 
  i 'm pretty sure the holdings `` we '' took from portugal in the east indies were worth more than our brazilian holdings anyways . 
  like , massively more worth . 
  meh , they 're all stereotypes that only apply to a part of their respective countries, 
  why would we do that , we 're a civilized country that protects it 's people 's right to express their religion if they want that . 
  the fuck is wrong with wearing a headscarf . 
  burqa , sure ban that , it 's not a religious symbol but cultural . 
  but a headscarf ? 
  because we 're not charging someone for something we ca n't prove he did ? 
  they 're generally not actual permanent flagpoles though , just a [ dedicated metal thingy against the building ] ( https://www.dvc.nl/media/catalog/product/cache/1/thumbnail/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/g/e/gevelvlag_1.jpg ) you can stick a flag in whenever it 's necessary, 
  it 's called snits in the local ( better ) language, 
  heh , i work there and it really is amazing, 
  to be fair a lot of touristy places made a change like that . 
  amsterdam is n't the same as 25 years ago either, 
  fastfood , more like fascistfood amirite ? 
  yeah it tastes really awesome , but with every bite you feel your arteries clog up . 
  it 's a type of fastfood called [ kapsalon ] ( https://www.elfayoum.nl/files/images/394.jpg ) ( literally hairdresser ) , it has a bottom layer of fries , then kebab , then a layer of cheese , then lettuce and other health stuff to make it look less of a cholesterol bomb . 
  it 's incredibly filling and tastes great , but it 's one of the least healthy things i know of . 
  great after going to clubs of pubs though !, 
  you can order them at every turkish fastfood joint in the netherlands , in fact i have to admit i had one yesterday haha, 
  because the weather is better, 
   also , french fries , kebab and cheese are considered a total abomination . 
  you shut your mouth while you still can, 
  there 's also an engeland somewhere, 
  you mean stabilise a volatile region and generate more wealth there ? 
  such empire building . . 
  that 'd be every woman in leeuwarden then ? 
  damn , i did n't even notice slovenia . . definitely was n't expecting that tbh , it 's exactly as you say : looks like the west from what i see and hear of you guys . 
  where is the ` gap ' in your opinion ? 
  are you bridging that gap anytime soon ? 
  haha that guy is n't from the netherlands mate , take a closer look at the flag, 
  a very large part of the relative low number it is that the bulk of eu funds are allocated to agriculture . 
  that 's by far the single sector receiving eu funds in europe . 
  these are funds that apply for farmland , cattle , machines , education and training and other agriculture-related things . 
  every farmer in the eu can apply for these , but the awareness of these funds is pretty minimal amongst farmers in romania in particular . 
  my father went for a non-profit organisation to north-east romania to see what the major problems and possible solutions were : he saw not one but several veterinarians register cattle under their own name to apply for eu funds instead of registering them under the name of the farmer . 
  corruption seems to play a role in the problem as it 's pretty lucrative to cheat uneducated farmers out of their money . 
  i 'm pretty sure romania as a whole has the largest number of farmers in europe and therefore can claim a lot more money from the eu than is currently happening , but these funds are not allocated on a national but on a individual level . 
  if farmers do n't claim it , they simply do n't get it . 
  i do n't know how well the romanian government is informing the farmers of their options , but apparently there 's some work to be done here . 
  mind , i heard all this from my father so i ca n't verify the exact details , although i could send him a whapp if there are any questions . 
  dunno , only heard good stuff about estonia . 
  pretty interesting how the media shaped my perspective, 
  sure , but to be honest there 's still statues and streets named after coensz . 
  that 's a bit too far for me , as far as i 'm concerned they can remove those think they put a plaque on at the monument to explain who he was , but the fact that he still has a monument to him is pretty bad, 
  estonia is a bit of a surprise , i always thought they were pretty advanced and modern with the tech stuff and on a similar development level to western europe ? 
  absolutely not , the sum we paid is much smaller than the money the netherlands earn by being an exporting country in a large and wealthy customs union . 
  it 's more like an investment than simply throwing money away because we 're feeling generous, 
  it 's explained below the graph , they probably should 've excluded it if they ca n't calculate it properly, 
  it 's explained below the graph , they probably should 've excluded it if they ca n't calculate it properly, 
  fungi are good entertainment, 
  nope , pvv were in a semi-coalition a few years ago and fucked over their partners big time , every party keeps that in mind . 
  not a single one of the mainstream parties is going to risk it, 
  death penalty too, 
  hey , that 's not nice to say !, 
  i assume . . 
  leaving the eu was never on the table , you 're free to come here haha, 
  they were junior partner and had to concede a lot of points to the vvd . 
  vvd basically claimed the things that went right in the past 4 years and shifted the blame towards pvda for everything that went wrong . 
  pvda voters felt betrayed by their party . 
  it 's traditionally a labour party , but the labourers did n't feel like it represented them anymore, 
  nah it 's in marle , a small hamlet close to zwolle . 
  considered voting there as it 's pretty close, 
  sorry mate , but i disagree with everything you said and think you 're a bit naive here . 
  it 's good to see and accept that there are differences between groups , but it 's a bit short-sighted to say they 're not solvable . 
  you ca n't recover from the sack of bagdad , it was so brutal and influential that you can still see the shift towards conservatism in islam .
