parties sometimes work together to divide the seats between themselves tooo , like sgp and christenunie for example . 
  that can potentially result in an extra seat for one of them . 
  tree, 
  wait really ? 
  yeah , did n't expect it so high up . 
  expected mdma higher up too . 
  that looks very different from here . 
  meh , some of the german highways are incredibly shitty . 
  depends on what state you 're in . 
  because i like the euro . 
  yeah let 's not do that . 
  well if you 're looking at agriculture as a whole , he 's not very wrong . 
  sure medieval is a massive exaggeration , but french farmers are definitely a couple decades behind for example the germans , dutch , danish or others . 
  even when you 're comparing the same sort of farm , the difference is pretty big . 
  i sold a lot of agricultural equipment from the netherlands to countries like germany , the benelux region , france and parts of scandinavia and from the type of equipment you sold you could learn a lot about the farms in the respective regions . 
  a big positive aspect that the french and belgians have to a certain degree is a much more flexible and easy going attitude towards problems which the germans and danish for example simply do n't have . 
  a german farmer would n't dream about using the wrong part even if it would absolutely fit . 
  instead we often had to wait 8 weeks before the working spare part arrived from the manufacturer . 
  that slows things down a lot so the flexibility is very effective for the french . 
  unfortunately that mindset is also visible in things like regulations and inspections . 
  i 've personally witnessed dumping of pesticides in rivers that would give our local inspectors heart attacks if they 'd see that . 
  the french government played a big role in creating that situation though , i 'm not blaming the farmers themselves for that . 
  thing is though , now they have to adapt to a higher standard like the neighbours . 
  most of them will surely go for it and france will absolutely become more competitive again , but i think it 'll be a while before the farmers reach that level yet . 
  of course , blocking the highways is not really helping the case . . 
  actually you 're spot on there , or at least if you compare regular french farms to dutch farms . 
  i 've seen them dump pesticides in small rivers without any level of inspection by the government , while dutch farmers get 400 euro fines for using the wrong cap on their pesticide spraying things ( spuitmachine ) . 
  dunno about the wine industry but the ` regular ' farms are absolutely a couple decades behind the other west european countries . 
  nothing if you 're a 19th century economist . 
  a lot if you 're in the fucking middle of a group of countries that have agreed to stop with the protectionism in favour of a free market . 
  i did n't vote on purpose , even though i live like 20 meters from the polling station . 
  i refuse to vote on a stupid referendum like this where the majority has no clue what it exactly is we 're voting for or against . 
  i really hoped we would n't get the 30 % turnout required , but unfortunately we did . 
   geenstijl is one of the most popular news/opinion sites in the netherlands important to note that it is specifically news/opinion , not news . 
  it 's not a proper ` news ' site . 
  they 're not pretending to be neutral and nobody is expecting them to be so . 
  nice weather actually . 
  sun is shining on my back and it 's getting pretty warm haha . 
  nobody is confused by this picture though . 
  the poster is not posting it because it was confusing , he posted it because it was mildly interesting that they sell the same book twice and ( presumably ) just slapped a different title on it . 
  it 's a small look into something most people from outside the uk are not confronted with on a daily basis . 
  it 's pretty interesting . 
  we probably would 've seen similar pictures on here about the ddr and west germany if they had n't reunited , would you have complained about that either ? 
  i think i 've read an national geographic article about these people . 
  it 's pretty interesting and shows a lot about them , about their work but also their daily lives if i remember correctly . 
  ca n't really be bothered about this as long as there are enough bones left for scientist to do their science stuff . 
  what else are we gon na do with them , pretty sure most museums who are interested in this already have more than enough mammoth bones . 
  or england !, 
   they are behind rapes including gang rapes , robberies , sexual assaults and murder . 
  thanks for the source on that !, 
  specifically about this group . 
  wait what makes those a real genocide but no this ? 
  there 's a definition and this massacre fits that definition . 
  i think by not calling it what it is we 're not doing the victims of the massacre justice . 
  does n't make it any less true though . 
  i worked as a team leader and translator for a group of polish seasonal workers and holy shit they were sexist as fuck . 
  i mean it 's pretty normal to be a bit rougher in manual labor sectors but that was something else . 
  vicious comments out of nowhere . 
  personally i was fine with it as they were great guys , but if i had been homosexual it could 've been pretty hurtful . 
  3rd floor here , i 'll rule the seas from my island . 
  although i 'm pretty sure that this land is so low that my 3rd floor is still like sea level , but whatever . 
  both the tribunal in the hague , the un and the eu call it a genocide though . 
  maybe erasmus for his influence on medieval christianity too , as well as the gebroeders de wit and trompsz or however the fuck you spel their names ? 
  fair enough , guess a couple hundred degrees celsius is nothing compared to a good traditional sauna . 
  did n't really need those bodily liquids that much anyways, 
  the heat would probably still cook them , no ? 
  huh , that 's pretty cool actually, 
  same thing as gouda and edam cheese , ca n't really protect that anymore because they 're so common and popular . 
  you can only protect a variation of that now like gouda , holland . 
  i do n't think that at all , those two after seperate discussions here after all . 
  but the original point was about abolishing the monarchy , not protesting the law . 
  sure , let someone protest that law if they want to , that 's their right . 
  might have a chance of succeeding too , depending on how they put it . 
  but not many people want to actually abolish the whole thing . 
  the royals are too nice and too down to earth for people to want them out . 
  i could genuinely use any of those without a problem . 
  sure some of those would be less than ideal , i agree with that . 
  but it would n't be anything more than a mild inconvenience for me . 
  iphone and windows phone are both alright . 
  bing works just as well as google did a couple years ago . 
  my main free email address used to be hotmail/live anyways . 
  sure it would n't be great , but it 'd be worse for google to lose the eu market than for to me/us to adapt . 
  hypothetical situation anyways because there 's no way they 'd have the balls to do it . 
  lol, 
  meh , what google service is so important i ca n't do without ? 
  there 's nothing unique to them . 
  youtube sure , but vimeo works just as well . 
  only downside is less content , but without youtube that 'd be fixed by the users really quick . 
  why are stories and experiences of a group of people different from each other ? 
  a group that faces a lot of persecution in the past will develop a different mindset than a group of people that always dominated society . 
  think gypsies , jews , black people in former slave countries , homosexuals etcetera . 
  it works that way with all kinds of experiences , not only the negative ones . 
  you do n't see how the past influences a group of people ? 
  why would we do that though ? 
  people who want to bring back the republic are an absolute minority . 
  we like the king , we like how it is now . 
  i genuinely only know like one or two people who support abolishing the monarchy . 
  on a second thought , nevermind . 
  the goes for the eu too though . 
  do n't really get the doomsayers .
