  no , not at all . 
  nor would that invalidate my points though . 
  nah , only the town i live in actually speaks clean abn . 
  lely and almere have `` street '' and `` amsterdam '' influences , emmeloord has `` frisian '' and `` overijssel '' influences . 
  zeewolde is rather neutral as well . 
  urk . . urk is pretty bad , it 's rather hard to understand if they speak fast . 
  i live in a town in the middle of the dutch flevopolders , where after the draining of the water a lot of people from all over the country moved to . 
  as a result we speak the cleanest dutch there is . 
  no dialect whatsoever . 
  yeah , but while words can differ , it 's usually somewhat understandable . 
  i have a dutch friend whose father does his grocery shopping in germany in a town 100km away . 
  he has no problem speaking only a dutch version of ` plat ' . 
  out of curiosity , is it still spoken a lot in daily live , or is higher german becoming the definite standard for regular conversations ? 
  it 's a bit different . 
  the whole germanic area was a large area where the people spoke similar but different languages , a huge dialect continuum . 
  this basically means that you 'd be able to understand the people from the cities and villages in the vicinity , but not necessarily people from further away . 
  when the languages where standardised , a dialect from the lower countries was picked in the netherlands , while a dialect from much further away was picked for germany . 
  a quick example for this would be `` plat '' or `` platt '' , a dialect that is spoken both in the netherlands and germany in neighbouring provinces and is reasonably understandable between the speakers from both countries . 
  bavarians/austrians as well . 
  it 's another version of the same word . 
  in the netherlands they did though . 
  they have done so for years , depending on the sector . 
  i worked in the agricultural sector for a couple of years and have spoken thousands of farmers about many different issues , including this exact one . 
  many farmers over here hire poles that are employed via polish shell corporations for less than half the wage of dutch workers . 
  it 's not really an issue as there where never enough dutch workers compared to the demand there was for them , but it definitely did affect the wages . 
  when i was fifteen , i 'd work at local farms to earn some money by cutting tulips and similar stuff , but that work is all done by eastern europeans now . 
  nobody is complaining about them as they work hard for a shitty wage and nobody would want to do the work anyways , do n't get me wrong . 
  but it did affect the wages . 
  no farmer will hire dutch people if they can help it , for the price of a seventeen year old dutch boy they can hire a 25 year old pole to do the same work much faster with less complaining . 
  do n't get me wrong , this is not a rant . 
  i respect the poles and have earned good money translating work orders for them ( they usually only speak polish and maybe some broken german ) . 
  but saying they will affect the wages either very severely or not at all is just dumb talk . 
  eastern frisians speak platt , a german dialect . 
  they themselves consider themselves to be frisian though , so they call the language freesk or ostfriesisch . 
  it 's confusing , but it 's not frisian at all . 
  the language group known as eastern frisian is almost gone and much smaller than even northern frisian . 
  there 's a little village where saterfrisian is spoken , that 's legit frisian but it 's so small i 've never met anyone from there , despite having lived in the same area . 
  northern frisian is understandable to me , but i speak dutch and german as well , so it 's hard to imagine how it would sound to someone who only speaks west-lauwers frisian . 
  by the way , check out / r/frisia !, 
  . . it might grow , you never know . 
  it accepted macedonia, 
  not really that hard , these are rather easy . 
  might want to include countries like serbia , slovakia , kosovo , albania and slovenia to make it a challenge . 
  i heard it 's on the rise in germany and denmark though in the respective communities , that would be quite nice . 
  the christian democrats over here are a farmers party as well , but of course this differs per country . 
  i understand what you mean . 
  i see what mistake i made , i was referring to the `` global warming ** reduction ** compensation '' . 
  my bad . 
  the english is n't too hard to understand though , as an aside . 
  the proposal from china is n't bullshit , if they 'd implement the necessary changes to the industrial and agricultural sector to reduce global warming , they 'd suffer much more damage than those $ 100 billion dollars . 
  china is a giant that is growing enormously economically . 
  living standards are improving , even though the stories of smog and child labour might make you think otherwise . 
  china is already on the level of a 2nd world country , being much bigger and stronger than india which has a population that is n't that much smaller . 
  this is all made possible because china produces everything the 1st world needs . 
  toys , electronics , car parts , ships , boxes , plastic shit . . most of it is from china . 
  china can only produce those because they 're lacking harsh laws when it comes to environment . 
  that 's what makes them cheap . 
  if they implement those anti-pollution laws , they 're fucked . 
  india , indonesia , the phillipines , bangladesh , thailand , vietnam . . there are a lot of countries willing to produce what china ca n't produce cheaply then . 
  it would be economic suicide . 
  agriculture is much , much bigger than science though . 
  at least over here . 
  christian democrats do n't have to be old and boring . 
  i 'm one as well , i currently am the # 1 candidate for the municipal elections for our party , being in my ( early ) twenties . 
  i know several other # 1 through # 10 candidates for the christian democrats in their late tens and early twenties in the netherlands as well . 
  young candidates are succsfully campaigning everywhere right now . 
  gggggggggggggggggggggggggg, 
  is it just me or does this guy not like jews at all ? 
  that 's powned though , who takes them serious ? 
  yeah , especially with old people chances are high that their german is better than their english . 
  it is n't . . yet . 
  they have n't linked the data to specific people yet , which makes is unusable for surveillance . 
  but according to the article , they 're working on that right now . 
  the ruhr has eight times the population on half the area though . 
  might be a bit too large to meet the definition , i guess . 
  the site asks for agglomerations , the ruhr is one . 
  this year , really . 
  yeah . 
  i can name most of the american states as well , though i could n't point the majority on a map to be honest . 
  could name them though . 
  countries are somewhat more important than states though . 
  we should make this a thing , yeah . 
  god damnit it 's a stereotype but i 'm actually wearing clogs right now . 
  you did n't read the post , did you ? 
  the kids are checked whether they actually are mentally capable of making a difficult decision like that and it 's only allowed if the parents agree with it as well . 
  this also is only possible for terminally ill people , not just anyone . 
  we actually do though . 
  it 's on saba but that 's a municipality of the netherlands proper, 
  royal heads . 
  and aristocratic heads . 
  and theological heads . 
  and bourgeoisie heads . 
  and intellectual heads . 
  and educated heads . 
  and moderate revolutionaries heads . 
  and other heads . 
  you guys were on a roll there . 
  like a good hitler ? 
  did n't find the one i was referring to , but [ this one ] ( http://www.wikileaks.org/plusd/cables/05thehague2309_a.html ) essentially states the same . 
  [ this ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/country/rus/ ) link might be interesting and shed some light on the recent events between the netherlands and russia , like the diplomatic rows .
