i thought you were just happy to see me . 
  portugal checking in , about 4 $ in my favorite place . 
  for those that are curious , we say eh-uu-roz . 
  i 'm high enough that this makes sense . 
  w factor . 
  this is actually pretty accurate . 
  neither can theirs . 
  this is a very interesting concept !, 
  i mean , i was aware of the idea of reintegrationism , but only applied to portugal and galicia . 
  iberian federalism as a concept is not so bad , as long as we 're talking about a swiss style federation . 
  i would n't mind being a federation with you guys . 
  on the other hand , it would seem hypocritical for you to confederate with us and then not grant independence to those in your country who actively seek it . 
  surely it would be better to just grant them independence and then confederate them ? 
  on this point we agree . 
  i 'm sure that 'll happen , of course , especially from citizens that feel like the eu has n't benefited them . 
  other people might actually be happy to take a step towards a more centralized government . 
  depends on the person 's political inclinations and personal stance on government , i suppose . 
  i think that the american model works on some situations and does n't on others . 
  for instance , take the legalization of marijuana . 
  legal in a state , but the feds can still raid dispensaries , because the federal government deems it illegal . 
  it 's also a bit different because michigan ( despite the collapse of the auto industry ) is still an economically varied state , with industries in all 3 sectors , even if it does have a propensity towards the secondary and tertiary sector . 
  not all member-states of the eu are like that . 
  as an example , portugal joined in the late 80s and gave up a lot of its agricultural production . 
  why ? 
  because of quotas . 
  farmers threw away milk because they were paid to not produce it , because they were exceeding their quotas . 
  atm , we 're not a self sustaining economy , as much as it pains me to say it . 
  that was a poor choice of words on my behalf . 
  i mean inevitable , not imminent . 
  i do n't think we 're united at all . 
  i think that is the single biggest opposing factor against federalization . 
  most of the issues that you have presented are mainly reflections on that . 
  other nations in the continent do n't trust the european leadership , even if they like the concepts for which the eu stands . 
  most countries do not wish to give up their independence , neither in military or diplomatic terms . 
  i doubt that a dutchman would enjoy having a german representing him in the un or as president of the eu , at least initially . 
  and what about royalty ? 
  what happens to them ? 
  anybody claiming that the uk is the biggest reason that federalization is not going faster is deluding themselves . 
  we are not united as a people , mainly because there is no reason why we should be . 
  hell , we 're not even united inside our own nations , let alone with our neighbouring states . 
  i still think it 's inevitable though . 
  not yet my friend . 
  but i feel that federalization is imminent . 
  i 'm very curious how such an event will be dealt with , culturally speaking . 
  we 're all pretty defensive about our national traditions and mentalities , and a lot of people wo n't be happy about being under a ( perceived or real ) franco-german thumb in terms of legislation . 
  i 'm sure that when the time comes , there will be plenty of discussions and naysayers . 
  most portuguese , save the most staunch nationalist , will not give a single fuck . 
  we have so many more problems to solve . 
  so do the spanish . 
  last i checked , portugal has no interest in forming a federation with spain . 
  pepe does n't deserve to play after what he did in the germany match . 
  the guy took a dive and then pepe thought it would be a good idea to touch him while he was down . 
  pepe is a world class defender playing for one of the world 's best clubs and for a fifa top 10 ranked national team . 
  that sort of behaviour does n't fly and is completely disproportionate to what was going on . 
  and our defense was all over the place . 
  and now we have even more injured players !, 
  edit : grammar, 
  trolling implies some sort of finesse . 
  there is no finesse here , just some guys raising hell and poorly i might add . 
  and of course , somebody got offended . 
  we deserved a tie , and that 's what we got . 
  we 're not , but you know how it is about vocal minorities . 
  he 's been waiting a fair bit . 
   ( or rather , ao\u00fbt if you know what i mean ) wink wink nudge nudge say no more say no more . 
  it 's not really that bad is it ? 
  are you in the algarve ? 
  have you toured the rest of the country ? 
  i think we just love bitching about stuff . 
  ^ plus ^ there 's ^ all ^ the ^ english ^ living ^ in ^ the ^ algarve, 
  most likely due to the amount of portuguese people living abroad in france . 
  insofar as i know , they did n't do anything . 
  we buy our national dish from them . 
  maybe we 're upset about high prices ? 
  np dude . 
  just as a warning though , i 'm working on the weekend , so the soonest i can ship it off to you will be monday morning . 
  i can send you a bottle of francesinha sauce . 
  it 's not quite the same as homemade , but it 's not bad for a first experience . 
  pm me an address . 
  i 'm often surprised that a lot of people that come to portugal think it 's odd that we eat octopus . 
  it 's especially bizarre since pretty much everybody loves fried calamari . 
  through intense r&d , we 've also managed to make [ arroz de polvo ] ( https://lh3.ggpht.com/_gl8yfak8a8y/s7edgeg9cki/aaaaaaaaaf4/l64c3eis2jy/s1600/p1080015.jpg ), 
  reporting in to remind you all about the amazing francesinha , one of portugal 's gastronomical contributions to world cuisine . 
  if you 've never had one , fly to porto , eat one and be amazed at just how tasty it is . 
  then go back to your country wondering how hard it would be to make one yourself at home . 
  but you 'll never be the same ... 
  or he 's being nice . 
  i thought they 'd have emissions problems as well , [ but it does n't seem like they do ] ( http://www.midwestenergynews.com/2013/10/17/is-burning-garbage-green-in-sweden-theres-little-debate/ ) . 
  very interesting, 
  if you `` closed the tap '' it would n't be people in portugal that would freeze to death . 
  it 'd be the other countries . 
  that is actually a great idea . 
  however , we 're kind of short on cash right now , what with all the cutbacks and troika stuff . 
  i really did n't see that . 
  thanks, 
  when people volunteer to freeze to death ? 
  i wonder where we get ours from ? 
  it 's ok brother . 
  we 'll take this one . 
  we demand booze in return , as per the standing arrangement . 
  i 've always thought it weird that there 's not a bigger mead tradition here .
