  we produce a lot of honey . 
  just because we 're not aware of one , does n't mean there are n't any and that they 're not excellent.for instance , here in portugal , we have a few cultivars such as trincadeira and touriga nacional , that are n't big anywhere else . 
  they still play a huge part in our national wine landscape . 
  you 're our besties and you know it . 
  if we 're not in a world cup , we 're always rooting for you . 
  that damn '98 final was one of the saddest moments of my childhood . 
  you 're welcome . 
  we still love you guys . 
  yup it 's usually french as a second foreign language . 
  this map is n't very accurate . 
  this is exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  i 'm not saying our concerns are n't justified , because they totally are . 
  in terms of being an awesome country and a truly friendly people we have that shit down . 
  if there was a hospitality world championship , we 'd be the first organizing country and everyone would eat so much great food and wine . 
  and we 're not even a particularly pessimistic country by nature . 
  but when you hear about the unemployment numbers for the 25th time this month , and people not being able to pay their mortgage , and people in your village getting in financial shit ... well , let 's just say that you start to wonder where exactly did the country go wrong . 
  now that you mention it , i love dk as well , been there 4 times on holidays . 
  great ( but expensive ) place . 
  the fuck it is . 
  contributes to a golden age . 
  we are a self loathing bunch . 
  we have a pretty cool country , good weather , awesome food , beautiful people ( fuck off haters ) , and a shit economy . 
  but if you ask a random guy on the street if he 's happy , he 'll probably say something along the lines `` oh well , you know , we 're struggling . 
  used to be much better when i was young . 
  this country is full of people with doctorates not a single one of them wants to work '' or a variation on the subject . 
  we refuse to see the awesome things about our lives , simply because we are always worried about our impending financial demise . 
  in terms of government , the italians have it bad . 
  but to be honest , portugal 's not much better , much to our chagrin . 
  that seems unlikely . 
  would be undemocratic to not grant independence to those that want it . 
  [ this piece of shit ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iihzimr8c1y ), 
  dafuq is this ? 
  picha mole is limp dick . 
  gon na start calling my friends horsecock . 
  i 'm sure they 'll love it . 
  i always get that feeling when i try to translate an insult from portuguese to english . 
  it ends up feeling so very very toothless . 
  the last one 's the worse . 
  you forgot the compound insult : caralhos ta fodam mais essa merda . 
  i was seriously considering if i had accidentally subbed to / r/dune, 
  as much as i hate to admit it , corruption is rampant in portugal . 
  the problem is that it 's not just corrupt at government level , it 's corrupt all the way down . 
  just as an example , my high school 's student body always had 2 groups running for it , one supported by the socialist democrat youth , another supported by the socialist youth . 
  when the sdy guys won , one of their first acts as the student body was to declare that members of the student body would not pay to go that year 's senior trip to torremolinos . 
  instead , the price to every student was to be raised 5 % to pay for the student body 's members to go . 
  it 's kind of a national insanity man . 
  they 've raised taxes for the restaurant business by 10 % to a whopping 23 % , for no other reason than the fact that they thought they could . 
  lo and behold , in 2012 , they raised 200 million euros less from the restaurant business . 
  hmmm , i wonder why ... 
  got it , sorry for the trouble . 
  [ sexy sexy flanders ] ( http://th07.deviantart.net/fs70/pre/i/2011/008/c/b/stupid_sexy_flanders_by_thefightingmongooses-d36omio.png ) edit : replaced shortened link with full link to avoid spam filter . 
  we also have madeira , which is a lovely fortified wine made via a very interesting process . 
  that is the most fucking obnoxious bot ever . 
  [ not just abuse , all drug use . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/drug_policy_of_portugal ) edit : i have your back buddy . 
  sorry for being ignorant , but is catalonian independence a very supported movement or is it just that the few that do support it are extremely vocal about it ? 
  i do it all the time with family though . 
  so do a lot of other people . 
  we love you guys !, 
  we love your women , your wine , your grow shops , and the fact that you guys pretend not to understand us when we talk . 
  you 're like the flanders to our homer . 
  the algarve is basically a huge british mating territory . 
  brits come here to sex other brits . 
  that dude ? 
  balls the size of grapefruit . 
  what / u/lorheim means is that if you go to a supermarket 's wine section and throw a rock , you 'll find great wine ( also , security would like a word with you ) . 
  i have a hard time selling wine other than the house wine to foreigners in the restaurant . 
  they know that for 8 $ they will get a very reasonable wine . 
  if you spent 20 $ you are in for some seriously nice wine , usually in the 14,50 % abv area , if it 's red . 
  olive oil and lard . 
  it 's nuts when you go from portugal to galicia . 
  you 've driven north and it 's one hour later . 
  fucks with your head man ... 
  no hand me downs . 
  god , you just made me cringe . 
  i realize that , but they 've been pretty great everywhere else . 
  it 's odd that he could get better results with one of the best teams of our time . 
  trust me brother , get some white wine in you , you wo n't even notice the heat, 
  mourinho is a dick , but it 's hard to argue with results . 
  dude , you make ` things with coconuts ' sound a weird fetish, 
  to be honest , that 's more than a lot of americans know , since they do n't follow football . 
  they taste our porto wine and they come back for more !, 
  i have never seen a single nandos here . 
  too bad , i kinda want to see what all the hype is about . 
  we do n't really hold it against them though . 
  they 're a nice enough people . 
  come on over man , we 're always happy to meet new people . 
  you know what , i do n't think i will excuse that . 
  the separation between the portuguese government and its people is large , such as it is in other countries . 
  i think you 'll find , if you ever visit , that we 're not misogynist dicks . 
  that actually ended better than i thought it would . 
  not if the portuguese pm is in charge of doing it . 
  `` hey pedro , remember when you took away all those pensions from people who worked hard all their lives ? '', 
  ** thumbs up !, 
  actually , the plaque reads `` this space for rent by the bundesregierung '', 
  have you seen [ this joke ] ( http://expresso.sapo.pt/imv/2/262/689/merkeloutdooreuropasales-e7ad.jpg ) yet ? 
  man , be are weird . 
  seeing ajj being called out on his usual bullshit speech about how the `` people from the continent are n't allocating enough money to madeira '' speech was fun as hell . 
  edit : i wrote are instead of are n't, 
  obama-style posters of them saying `` no , you ca n't ! '',
