vodka shots ... . 
  what does children have to do with marriage ? 
  ? theres signs where people are `` worried '' about children ( people who are against gay marriage ), 
  they were on vacation !, 
  this is what i hate , speculations , people making up stories and some believe it then start worrying.we just have to wait and see what happens . 
  or maybe the people who hold allegiance to putin are scared , look what happenes to people who talk shit about how putin is running russia . 
  i personally am for helping refugees but come on there needs to be a limit , we ca n't take all of them ... and again personally i do n't call all people who are against refugees nazis or racist but there are a lot , in my country at least who use racial terms etc. . . those people i dislike.but nothing wrong about giving your opinion on stuff as long as you stay civil . 
  wait , kurdish militia fights against daesh , right ? 
  if so then why the fuck is turkey attacking them ... unless ... 
   well in estonia everyone and their dog is connected to the internet . 
  it 's true , only thing that if you live outside the city your internet speed is pretty shit.and if i remember correctly there were some talk that its not worth wasting money to give those people outside city a good internet speed . 
  i mean if you would do a little search you would find the adress easily . 
  it should be 6 place violet , 75015 paris , france, 
  any news on what group was behind it ? 
  well some who surrendered were killed by mobs . 
  and now it seems like low rank soldiers were tricked , they were told it was a practice mission . 
  turkey is considering death penalty again . 
  yea , usually you do the opposite if you think your vote would not count . 
  seems like there are people who voted out and now regret that they voted like that . 
  noticed your flair . 
  you a russian agent too ? 
   fidesz changed the election law before the election that 's pretty scummy move . 
  how did he change the law ? 
  did he do anything like that in 2010 ? 
  damn . 
  stay safe you guys . 
  why would i cry ? 
  lol like is said  luckily for french people their election system is not as retarded as us one . 
  i mean good luck with having trump as president , i see it works out well for you guys ... 
  luckily for french people their election system is not as retarded as us one . 
  like she has a chance . 
  here 's hoping that ordinary citizens ( both eu and uk ) do n't get screwed over too hard . 
  ok , i do n't read their magazines . 
   it 's beneficial for erdogan that europe turns hostile towards the middle east and islam sounds like a thing daesh is trying to do . 
  https://www.amnesty.org/en/countries/europe-and-central-asia/turkey/report-turkey/ https://rsf.org/en/turkey https://www.nytimes.com/2017/03/10/world/europe/un-turkey-kurds-human-rights-abuses.html?_r=0 is this his vision of democracy and human rights ? 
  centre to centre-right . 
  could there be a drastic change ? 
  so what happened with pvda ? 
  doing presidential stuff . 
  even if pvv wins what are the chances of them having any power anyway , since no party want 's coalition with them . 
  before you give texas to one of them , can we at least get the estonian part of it ? 
  did n't the rally ban come from current pm ? 
  would wilders really get huge boost ? 
  what 's the regular turkish person take on erdogan and the shit that goes down with that vote ? 
  looking at twitter , there are turkish people mentioning ottoman . 
  jfc what year is this . 
  she is a politician and should get away with breaking the law / s, 
  why ? 
  they are not prosecuting her . 
  request for her to lose immunity came from france . 
  she apparently broke a france law ( a stupid one ) but she did it . 
  like i said , she broke the law . 
  stupid law , but she broke it . 
   responding to a request from the french judiciary it was n't like they did it for shits and giggles . 
  dude what she did is illegal . 
  do i think that that law is kinda retarded ? 
  sure . 
  on another note , imo you should n't push your political agenda using victims . 
  left or right . 
   european union legislators have `` overwhelmingly '' voted to lift the eu parliamentary immunity of french presidential candidate marine le pen for tweeting pictures of isis violence . 
  and appearantly what she did is illegal in france . 
   responding to a request from the french judiciary, 
  she broke the law . 
  but should get away with it ? 
  facebook is the last place you should look for news . 
  a lot of fake crap spreads there . 
  maybe he is more into alternative facts ? 
   outright ban the koran , or start deporting moroccans i wonder what kinda shitstorm would come out of this . 
  would he be able to form a coalition ? 
  get out . 
  looks like she still would lose in second round . 
  umm , it 's not like they did it for shits and giggles tho . 
  and like that other person said the purpose was to find proof . 
  but still you have to look at the bigger picture . 
  you ca n't just choose to vote for a person based on 1 thing . 
  they just see the immigration thing and do n't give a fuck about rest . 
  i read somewhere that even if pvv wins other parties do n't want anything to do with them . 
  and what are their chances to win ? 
  pvv is the party that wants dutch out of eu right ? 
  who is worst , le pen or fillion ? 
  according to a [ poll made in 2013 ] ( http://www.globescan.com/images/images/pressreleases/bbc2013_country_ratings/2013_country_rating_poll_bbc_globescan.pdf ) 63 % french people expressed negative view on russia . 
  has that lowered ? 
  or is she just digging her own grave by praising russia/putin ? 
  did she get more money from russia ? 
  so she gets money from russia and people still support her ? 
  how is this even legal ? 
  germans ... 
  oh , it 's these retards . 
  but specially finns . 
   that 's why orban build two fences who paid for it ? 
  why do you care so much ? 
  how does it affect you ? 
  yea , weird how people get `` triggered '' about stuff like this that does n't affect them . 
  so is this gender-neutral greeting triggering you ? 
  so people here are getting triggered by it , then accuse of it happening because people got triggered . 
  it does n't really change anything tho . 
  because things do not go this way . 
  and im pretty sure it would cause even more chaos . 
  it sucks that people lump rioters together with peaceful protestors . 
   why does anyone think its acceptable for violent protest ?
