it 's a laptop , true, 
  hey !, 
  thanks for your response . 
  unfortunately , i was n't able to keep the logs ( in fact , when trying to access tty4 computer hang , leaving my grub corrupted ) . 
  having read the comments , i see it 's a known problem : i was installing wheezy from live usb on a hp laptop . 
  i 'll be trying to do that with a different installer . 
  sure, 
  as long as the guys who made this proposal get one of their limbs cut off for every false positive , i 'm totally ok with the idea . 
  while interpreting the javascript implementation , my head raised an exception and crashed . 
  well , unless you explicitly provided them with your email , or authorized the site with gmail oauth , they had no way of knowing your address . 
  either you actually gave them your email , or they 're using some kind of attack , which is unlikely . 
  if i understood you right , that 's interesting . 
  what are the steps to reproduce ? 
  what i did was choose an arbitrary free domain , new customer  domain only . 
  account information form appeared , but i did n't fill anything . 
  then closed the tab . 
  gmail was active , but i did n't receive the letter in 15 mins . 
  was this the right sequence ? 
  afaik , it was the 2010 bug , so probably fixed by now . 
  so i found the autofill data leak bugfix : http://support.apple.com/kb/ht4276 . 
  this was patched in 5.0.1 and 4.1.1 . 
  what version of safari do you use ? 
  that 's brilliant !, 
  it 's not just badly worded , it 's incorrect and misleading . 
  `` in august 1991 , linus torvalds announced his linux operating system ... '', 
  that 's default prompt of ` powerline ` plugin for ` zsh `, 
  sorry , the previous comment was a lie , looks like i did tweak the ` powerline ` theme after all . 
  here 's a theme file http://pastebin.com/xaqfscsk, 
  no , ukraine . 
  i tried faenza , but did n't like it . 
  will try plateau and moka . 
  everything is ok with wifi on 13.04, 
  iphone 's proprietary , it 's much more interesting if they can do similar things with android . 
  hey guys !, 
  please support ukrainians here : http://www.helpeuromaidan.info/donate, 
  the frozen one is marked frozen, 
  hey guys !, 
  ukrainian euromaidan is in strong need for financial help . 
  please support ukrainians here : http://www.helpeuromaidan.info/donate, 
  today it was the second time ( the first one was on 19th of january ) when i found myself in a panicked crowd chased by police . 
  imagine hundreds of people on a quite a narrow street and a small cocktail party on the frontline . 
  suddenly the police starts attacking , and everyone , the huge crowd , panics and runs , some people fall , and the police are shooting and beating the ones who fall behind . 
  so this happened to me today and this was scary . 
  two were killed then . 
  it 's scary . 
  yes, 
  i do n't care about the city 's squares , it 's a shame what government we have . 
  source is her vk page i posted above . 
  and have you thought to try translating vice versa ? 
  when it was peaceful , attendance . 
  after the shit hit the fan , i used to do helping here and there , moving heavy things , cleaning , spreading info posters , buying medicines , organising people . 
  yes , i think it probably will stop . 
  but lots of people also want him to be put to justice . 
  jail or death . 
  ukraine is in terrible condition . 
  i am no expert , but i think it would take no less than 5 years . 
  certainly yanukovich resigning . 
  eu deal is far away and forgotten by now . 
  i am not . 
  and i am lucky to be not attacked as of yet . 
  the day before yesterday i saw two people being killed by the police during the attack . 
  ukraine is very corrupt . 
  with coming of yanukowich and his mafia , it became absolutely terrible . 
  people generally used to see him as embodiment of corruption and all the bad shit happening in the country . 
  after two months of government ignoring the peaceful protest , and torturing activists , and putting them into jail , and then allowing the horrible bloodshed , people generally see him as someone they want to get killed . 
  it makes a lot of difference . 
  a lot of insight into what is happening on the frontline is thanks to them . 
  traditional media are too slow , clumsy , and also censored . 
  new tv media like espreso.tv , hromadske.tv and spilno.tv , that rely on streaming , are cheap , fast-reacting , and more independent . 
  last several days : during a rally two days ago , the police started a violent attack , about 20 cops and protesters were killed . 
  today in the very morning cops started to use firearms . 
  there were snipers around maidan : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__wxiwjysxa, 
  as of now , over 100 people were killed by snipers . 
  interior ministry officially says that snipers were protesters . 
  there 's this page http://www.helpeuromaidan.info/donate that lists all means of financial help for euromaidan . 
  i do n't know what news are you following . 
  i am sure that some media have missed today 's kalashnikovs shooting at protesters armed with sticks , cobblestones and wooden shields : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ybnwwkgliba, 
  edit : wrong link, 
  why ? 
  in general , against corruption and police mayhem ( ukraine is among the most corrupt states in the world ) . 
  in particular , against yanukovich and his mafia , whom people see as embodiment of corruption and lawlessness . 
  thank you, 
  an hour ago there was a beam of light . 
  parliament has voted a bill for interior troops to leave kyiv . 
  i really hope the bloodshed will end soon . 
  but yanukovych and interior troops commanders have to face tribunal . 
  at current moment , stop the deaths, 
  short term , for yanukowych to resign . 
  in the long term , ukraine needs lustration , war against corruption , and real constructive reforms . 
  the likeliest are klitscko or poroshenko . 
  the protest started on 21 -- 22nd november , 2013 as a small pro-eu rally . 
  popular ukrainian journalist mustafa nayyem started it with his tweet ( something along the lines of ` hey guys , let 's gather today at maidan to show that we want to sign the eu agreement ' ) . 
  the protest coordination is kind of chaos . 
  there are a lot of centres for coordination : official maidan hq , ` right sector ' , ` civil sector ' , student assembly , medical help , automaidan , etc. 
  they communicate through facebook , twitter , and cell phones . 
  a lot of actions are spontaneous . 
  in 2010 they ( illegally , as some say ) changed the constitution to the one that strengthens the powers of president . 
  was parliament-presidential , became president-parliamental . 
  yanukowych became very rich very quickly : http://yanukovich.info/victor-yanukovych-assets/, 
  he built himself a huge palace : http://blogs.pravda.com.ua/authors/leschenko/4fce2d5d5aa10/view_print/,
