  could you provide a link on some good reading about happenings in venezuela ? 
  activists had a light tank destroyed ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgejtfciuja ) by putting lots of gazoline on the road and then lots of cocktails . 
  there are afghan veterans who know how to fight among our protesters . 
  i do n't think there 's anything that efficiently protects from the bullets except luck , armored vests , and helmets . 
  shields probably help but i 've seen a lot with bulletholes . 
  good luck and stay safe . 
  yes . 
  i see the ending soon . 
  today yanukowych agreed for early vote . 
  first part done , only the tribunal part left . 
  ukrainian protests were becoming weak two times . 
  but everytime the protests were almost dissolved , the government did shitty tactical decisions , that made it worse . 
  22 nov -- 30 nov 2013 . 
  pro-eu protests . 
  only thousand left overnight on 30th of november . 
  but at night , berkut police beat them all up . 
  next days , about a million takes to the streets . 
  1 dec -- 16 jan. 
  protests almost dissolved , it was really cold outside , up to -30 c. mostly paid guys stayed on maidan . 
  but then parliament illegally voted a so-called ` dictatorship ' law that made maidan illegal . 
  then the new wave of protests began . 
  there was no effect on the govt up until now . 
  after hundreds of deaths and sanctions from eu and us , govt does n't ignore us , but still acts confidently . 
  i 've never been to baltic countries , so do n't know . 
  i want yanukowych to be gone , policitans lustrated , and effective anti-corruption campaign . 
  because he 's a leader of one of three opposition political parties . 
  his party is not fascist/neo-nazi , but traditional nationalist . 
  yes, 
  it did n't actually declare independence . 
  on 18.02 -- 20.02 angry residents of lviv burnt and destroyed most police and government buildings , captured the region administration . 
  so it 's not that they 've declared independence , it 's just that there 's no government in lviv anymore ( :, 
  mine ? 
  probably getting armed . 
  thanks for the insight . 
  yes , lots of them , but it looks like his supporters are much more passive and only willing to support him for money . 
  many people do n't support yanukowych , but consider maidan protesters fascists or something like that and disapprove of the protests . 
  yes , they were , on both sides of barricades . 
  protesters have very little firepower compared to that of police , yesterday 100 protesters died , and none of the policemen have . 
  edit : past tense, 
  yes , 5 buses of policemen from western ukraine arrived today to protect maidan . 
  one division of maidan self-defence consists of afghan veterans . 
  people are only getting angry at this madness . 
  tonight there was a conflict between protesters whether to release a bus with captured soldiers . 
  some said , ` they were killing us ' . 
  others said , ` we 're no beasts like them ' . 
  in the end they were released . 
  my circles are indifferent to yulia tymoshenko . 
  maybe someone is happy about it . 
  generally , people do n't like the agreement . 
  as mustafa nayyem says , yanukowych was indulged when he was the weakest . 
  people will calm down only when he and the police commanders face tribunal . 
  edit : answered the question, 
  i do n't know . 
  some are . 
  a lot of people express their will to take firearms , but do n't go beyond the words . 
  it 's not clear what side would the army take . 
  but now , as the situation stabilizes , hopefully , the military wo n't intervene . 
  generally , people do n't like the agreement . 
  as mustafa nayyem says , yanukowych was indulged when he was the weakest . 
  people will calm down only when he and the police commanders face tribunal . 
  that 's not a party , you 're probably talking about the so-called volunteer maidan self-defence divisions . 
  they 're not connected to svoboda , though there 's probably svoboda self-defence division . 
  not all of the divisions are paramilitary , there are students division , women division , ghandist division , etc. 
  probably not , protesters mostly treat them with dignity . 
  the protesters who try to beat unarmed policemen are often kicked away by the other protesters ( but not always , unfortunately ) . 
  volunteers bring them all the time . 
  about the cars , i do n't know . 
  people on the whole maidan square where sniped yesterday . 
  i see people of all ages , 18 -- 80 . 
  i ca n't say any numbers with stastical significance though . 
  i think we can expect anything from russia . 
  obviously , maidan protesters are n't fans of russian military intervention . 
  thank you . 
  that 's probably one of the divisions of self-defence, 
  they were key attackers on the the barricades a month ago . 
  now very different people are on the frontline . 
  yes , but not yesterday ( 20.02 ) . 
  there were some cops killed on 18th and 19th . 
  can i see the pictures ? 
  i have n't seen any weapons on maidan in real life , and on videos i only saw makarov handguns . 
  have answered it earlier, 
  anyone has it ? 
  as a ukrainian having crossed the poland border in the peaceful time , i confirm . 
  no , they do n't , and that 's a shame, 
  ukrainian propaganda is very weak . 
  it 's unable to convince even people in eastern parts of ukraine that a lot of the statements circulating in the media are lies, 
  i guess ukrainian ministry is more trustworthy in this matter, 
  of course it has , so what ? 
  do you consider summer interns from outside of us ? 
  not this again . 
  you 're my hero, 
  the ones that do n't exist, 
  democratic referendum , heh . 
  this looks like training of newly created [ national guard ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_guard_of_ukraine ) . 
  ca n't recognise the flag though . 
  though he 's not a fascist leader . 
  these probably were alfa special forces, 
  frankly , there 's plenty of dumbasses in ukraine who could do that . 
  fyi . 
  ` anti-terrorist operation ' is just the legal thing in ukrainian law that grants broad privileges for the military while not announcing 'em ergency state ' .
