  svoboda is a political party . 
  politicians , surprise , pursue their political interests . 
  there a lot of sincere patriots in svoboda though . 
  thank you . 
  i am trying hard at keeping the international community informed of what really is happening here . 
  many times i was attacked with articles about the neo-nazi coup and statements that i am a terrorist and should die . 
  i sometimes was shocked at the amount of hatred and brainwashedness . 
  one important thing to understand is that 95 % of protesters ( according to the survey ) are not participating in the protests because they support political parties . 
  the common goals for all of the protesters are fighting the police mayhem , the corruption , and yanukowych regime . 
  this is the cause that unites people of absolutely different backgrounds and beliefs . 
  among the protesters there are people from all over ukraine and from abroad . 
  crimean tatars are active participants from the first day of resistance ( they are mostly muslims ) . 
  jewish community of kyiv expressed its support of euromaidan and protest against the current system . 
  among the protesters , who were killed in the first few days of clashes of 22.01.2014 , was serhiy nigoyan -- armenian-ukrainian activist ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serhiy_nigoyan ) . 
  the journalist who started the euromaidan , mustafa nayyem , is from afghanistan . 
  most of the maidan nationalists are sane and disapprove of racism and ethnocentrism . 
  the nationalism of right sector , the most radical right organisation of maidan , and svoboda is called classical ukrainian nationalism . 
  this political idea stands against racism , anti-semitism , chauvinism , it aims at creating and developing an independent ukrainian nation-state and protection of national identity . 
  nationalism requires first of all the national consciousness , the awareness of the national community group of people . 
  classical nationalsm can not exist without respect to other nations . 
  no lies , there are guys among the protesters that can be considered nazis , racists , and the ones who dream of annexing eastern poland or russia . 
  these are not the majority , fortunately , and do n't go beyond the words . 
  i am no nationalist myself . 
  i have answered this question above . 
  i am absolutely sure there will be no fight . 
  there will be civilised dialog . 
  the reason why violent clashes happen now is that people believe that civilised dialog is impossible with yanukowych and party of regions . 
  hiring armed thugs , kidnapping and torturing activists are the methods of current regime . 
  there 's light and now we have eu and us sanctions at last , but i think it wo n't help at stabilizing the situation now . 
  what was ill-planned : maidan protesters and forces were spread on too large a territory during the rally , which allowed for successful attack by police . 
  i think that the beating of a lone captured policeman has to be punished . 
  but do n't forget that police make worse things with protesters : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ouzy1zl4qe . 
  there 's a lot of controversy about this , e.g. 
  right now there 's a conflict between protesters whether to release a bus with captured policemen or not ( live on hromadske.tv ) . 
  political parties are surely using euromaidan for their own gains . 
  thank you !, 
  i am a mathematics bs student . 
  thanks . 
  i have answered this question above . 
  thanks to the goatee i can become unrecognizable anytime simply by shaving . 
  there were rallies at his mansion , but it 's too far from kyiv for sufficient amount of people to come there . 
  triceratops , it 's adorable, 
  in people angry people have burnt almost all of the govt and police buildings . 
  in kyiv , protesters are busy on maidan now . 
  the ones who are not , guard the hospitals ( police kidnaps and puts injured protesters to jail ) , or patrol the streets for bandits . 
  so yesterday i was eating sandwiches on maidan with my friends and father . 
  then i left for a building called ukrainian house to help there . 
  my father comes to me in an hour , says he was eating a sandwich and watching the stage , when two corpses were carried next to him to the hospital . 
  these were sniped . 
  i suppose that should be scary , but it 's very surreal sometimes . 
  everyone yesterday in the evening was acting casual , then occasionally someone suddenly fell from a sniper bullet . 
  then everyone was acting casual again . 
  as i 've said , i 'm never on the frontline , so not directly risking my life . 
  now that it 's actually dangerous i always go to maidan with friends and father . 
  poland supports protesters , russia calls them extremist fascist terrorist nazis . 
  some protesters arm themselves . 
  in western ukraine army bases were captured . 
  military is still neutral . 
  during the last months yanukowych changed a lot of military generals , so i guess high commanders will be supporting government if the need arises . 
  thanks, 
  i do n't believe this will happen . 
  propaganda is strong , but people now start to understand , that it 's not eu vs. russia , nor east vs. west , neither fascists vs. anitfascists conflict , but angry citizens vs. yanukowych one . 
  yanukowych supporters are not as enthusiastic about him , as the opponents are . 
  they usually are passive and do n't support him beyond words . 
  all of the popular pro-govt rallies consist of $ 15-paid guys and state employees who are forced to go under threat of getting fired . 
  i do n't believe this will happen . 
  propaganda is strong , but people now start to understand , that it 's not eu vs. russia , nor east vs. west , neither fascists vs. anitfascists conflict , but angry citizens vs. yanukowych one . 
  yanukowych supporters are not as enthusiastic about him , as the opponents are . 
  they usually are passive and do n't support him beyond words . 
  all of the popular pro-govt rallies consist of $ 15-paid guys and state employees who are forced to go under threat of getting fired . 
  today some police from the regions have joined the maidan in kyiv to protect the protesters . 
  beating random people on the street pretending they 're protesters , for example . 
  government supporters . 
  titushki are hired groups of thugs , these guys : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4zwycmnkne, 
  it 's not a neo-nazi coup . 
  and it 's not a eu/us vs. russia proxy war . 
  i do n't believe this will happen . 
  propaganda is strong , but people now start to understand , that it 's not eu vs. russia , nor east vs. west , neither fascists vs. anitfascists conflict , but angry citizens vs. yanukowych one . 
  yanukowych supporters are not as enthusiastic about him , as the opponents are . 
  they usually are passive and do n't support him beyond words . 
  all of the popular pro-govt rallies consist of $ 15-paid guys and state employees who are forced to go under threat of getting fired . 
  because commanders are in with yanukowych . 
  i can still answer questions here . 
  yes , people block army troops , titushki buses , deputies fleeing in the airports . 
  on the entrances of some towns there are sentries . 
  there are patrols in kyiv looking for armed bandit groups . 
  there are also regional maidans . 
  in western part of ukraine government buildings and army bases were captured . 
  i think , it 's possible that protests might spread in russia or belarus , but i doubt they 're be successful . 
  even we 're still far from success . 
  i hope the bill will end the bloodshed for now . 
  but only yanukowych resigning and facing tribunal will stop the protests . 
  obviously , people at maidan will be happy if the snipers go . 
  edit : wording, 
  i hate the idea of foreign intervention , i think most of ukrainians hate it as well . 
  for sure . 
  sniping : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjuzaw5piby, 
  some protesters have guns , but i have n't seen them . 
  in ukraine only big concentration of people in one point prevented from police attacks . 
  also barricades proved to be too weak against special police vehicles .
