  he privatized himself a nature reserve with area of 300 sq. 
  km and built a hunting resort there : http://www.pravda.com.ua/articles/2012/05/4/6963872/, 
  his son 's funds raised 78 times in three years of yanukowych presidency : http://yanukovich.info/oleksandr-yanukovych-assets/, 
  some key party of regions members became very rich very quickly . 
  these ones built themselves a huge business in austria : http://yanukovich.info/andrij-ta-serhij-klyujevy/, 
  yanukowych has been 1 -- 3 times ( based on different sources ) in jail . 
  his main sponsor , rinat ahmetov , has gained his enormous capital during criminal mayhem era of ukraine , the 90s , allegedly in illegal ways . 
  edit . 
  fix year, 
  i think that a lot of people on barricades are students , but i can not state for sure . 
  there are some kids seen on barricades , i ca n't imagine what kind of parents would allow that . 
  all of the people on barricades i know are students or working full-time . 
  some of protesters are 24/7 , a lot of them live in kyiv . 
  the watch is in shifts , yes . 
  thanks . 
  i do n't think un or eu and us can intervene . 
  the situation is very controversial , a lot of people think of protests as of neo-nazi coup . 
  this position justifies the use of force . 
  sometimes i think , maybe i 'm the brainwashed one , and really am partaking in the neo-nazi coup . 
  but then i remember the tortures and arrests during the peaceful protests , the beatings of peaceful student rally , paying and arming thugs to shoot at the kyiv residents , and remember who is fascist in this confrontation . 
  although i admit there are some things that protesters did which are terrible and deserve punishment . 
  he was elected twice , 2004 and 2010 . 
  in 2004 there was orange revolution and now there is revolution . 
  during the peaceful protests titushki were the sportsmen or thugs paid by government to beat the protesters or make provocations . 
  a couple of days ago , there appeared large armed bandit groups shooting and killing innocent people in kyiv , we can no longer call them titushki . 
  these are hired bandits . 
  very low . 
  i personally do n't trust him , and do n't trust most of ukrainian high-rank politicians . 
  anyway , klitschko is a european man , i am sure that he is at least better than anyone we had before . 
  i wish for lustration to happen . 
  mostly deaths , unfortunately . 
  nothing did the government give up . 
  yes , a lot of them . 
  people block army troops , titushki , deputies fleeing in the airports . 
  on the entrances of some towns there are sentries . 
  there are patrols in kyiv looking for armed bandit groups . 
  there are also regional maidans . 
  in western part of ukraine government buildings and army bases were captured . 
  the riot police ca n't be seen from maidan right now , but at least couple of hours ago there were snipers somewhere killing in average one man every 20 minutes . 
  a lot of my friends were injured by grenades or bullets . 
  my father slightly injured a knee when we happened in a panicked crowd during police attack . 
  none of my close friends died , fortunately . 
  thank you . 
  i do n't believe it will happen . 
  yanukowych supporters are not too enthusiastic about him that much . 
  this can be seen because almost all participants of the pro-govt rallies where paid , while only a slight minority of maidan protesters were paid , they died not for money . 
  there are some . 
  we do n't mind them . 
  there also were puppet rallies in front of the parliament building that de facto had a function of shielding the building from maidan protesters . 
  there also are hired thugs , which did beating and provocations , but recently they became armed bandit groups killing innocent people on the streets . 
  i did n't see that . 
  probably lenin statue . 
  it 's a common tendency now all over ukraine . 
  for lots of people lenin embodies tragedies that ukrainian nation has suffered during the soviet time . 
  yes , hundreds of kyiv residents give shelter . 
  there 's also plenty of it in the captured buildings on maidan . 
  it is possible because of shifts and rotation . 
  for example , some people come to kyiv for a couple of days , then back home . 
  a lot of kyiv residents work at day , go to maidan at night . 
  and also there are lots of students . 
  there certainly are protesters that can be qualified as neo-nazi . 
  but not much of them , most of maidan nationalists deny rasism , and ethnocentrism . 
  there are nationalists , centrists , leftists , anarchists , girls , boys , grannies , grandpas , employed , unemployed , poor guys , businessmen , programmers , clerics , but all of them are united against yanukowich and the police mayhem . 
  other goals are secondary . 
  some of the opposition party members were paid for participating in maidan , but that was during the peaceful protests time . 
  also party members bodyguards and party guards are paid . 
  no , at least i do n't know anyone who was paid for participating , except for some party members and party security , but they 're absolute minority . 
  asking ` how much are you paid ' is a common joke on maidan . 
  overthrowing the corrupt regime is a good start for overthrowing the corruption itself . 
  cops are obviously in . 
  escalation of the last days might have been due to a planned operation by cops , which was scheduled on 19 -- 20.2 , but i believe it was due to the frighteningly ill-planned and mismanaged rally two days ago ( 18.2 ) . 
  maidan protesters and forces were spread on too large a territory , which allowed for successful attack by police . 
  it was so successful that people were surrounded and had to defend themselves . 
  why did today 's bloodshed happened ? 
  i do n't know . 
  reminder , snipers killed more than 100 people . 
  today 's footage clearly shows that protesters were at all times in the morning when it began armed only with clubs and cobblestones . 
  i ca n't understand what did drive the killers . 
  was it money ? 
  was it hatred ? 
  was it sadistic pleasure ? 
  i ca n't imagine how could someone do that . 
  svoboda is not a key strength as a party , but numerous activists of svoboda are active participants of the protest . 
  no , this is not svoboda who people point on as extremists , but the other organization - right sector . 
  people from svoboda are mostly politicians . 
  at the same time andriy parubiy of svoboda , the commendante of maidan , proved himself to be a decent and brave man . 
  also svoboda is neither extremist nor neo-nazi organization . 
  after ukraine gains freedom , they may well fit pluralism in parliament . 
  still , i personally do n't like svoboda . 
  this acts as a smokescreen . 
  thank you . 
  ok , it 's much more complicated than corrupt/non-corrupt . 
  actually , some police troops all over the country have switched sides . 
  a lot of interior soldiers taking part in cinflict are new conscripts , that do n't wo n't to be there , but will go to jail if they refuse . 
  a lot of policemen are frightened by the officials . 
  some policemen allegedly get flats for participating . 
  some are paid very well . 
  some sincerely hate the protesters , and adore yanukowych . 
  some believe they fight nazis . 
  they broadcast espreso.tv on the big screen on the maidan stage .
