  an uncouth term for somebody who is not a member of a majority or dominant ethnicity of a given place . 
  - jeez , concentrate a bunch of ethnics in one place , and germans just ca n't resist themselves , eh ? 
  - we did the picture-taking better at abu ghraib . 
  and that 's why you should have to call your bank and sit on hold for a half hour before being allowed to purchase construction materials . 
  you just hate our freedom . 
  vote yes and salmond will give you all the youtube your scottish hearts desire . 
   as a serb : i am sorry . 
    ... sorry for being so good-looking what you should have posted , to be followed by some pictures of beautiful serbians . 
  who knows !, 
  somebody was saying that europe was superior to the us in every way or something . 
  lol if you say so, 
  consider seeing if you can get into the us !, 
  cost of living can be very low ( unless you get sick ) . 
  it might be difficult to get in because of the isis hysteria here right now , but culturally we 're pretty accepting of immigrants . 
   we are at home , we choose how we live and apparently how other people live too !, 
   we sure as shit do n't have to adapt because some ca n't bear to see a stick figure named mohammed on a magazine cover . 
  that 's good . 
  you guys could stand to strengthen your freedom of expression a bit . 
   countries such as france or poland are more than a thousand years old in their different iterations , not a few hundred years old nations created by immigrants on the graves of the natives . 
  you 're just jerking yourself off here ( and conveniently forgetting that colonialism was a european innovation ) . 
  how many centuries a nation has been around is irrelevant to the question of whether its policies are consistent and morally defensible . 
   that 's a much higher proportion what about immigrants generally ? 
  what about illegal immigrants ? 
   america actually get to choose its migrants while we mostly get the bottom of the barrel of uneducated , unwilling to assimilate ... nope , we have rates of illegal immigration that dwarf yours . 
   since muslims are the only group that try to shove their culture down your throat . 
  oh really ? 
  so these laws that you guys pass banning minarets and burkas and shit - totally not shoving your culture down their throats ? 
  i find it utterly baffling why european countries with one hand let in pretty much anybody and feed and clothe them , and then with the other hand slap them across the face and marginalize them culturally at every opportunity . 
  it 's really passive-aggressive and sends out mixed signals . 
  it 's easier to talk when you do n't even understand the problems that affect the countries you 're talking about . 
  we have a huge criminal underclass as a result of failing to pick up the pieces of slavery . 
  we absorb illegal immigrants , many of them hardened criminals , at rates which dwarf that of europe , to the extent where their communities account for as much as half of some of our major cities . 
  our nation is the symbol of all that is hated by the violent jihadist sects of islam , and has been a target of their attacks for decades . 
  we are easily accessible by anybody who can afford to wage a terrorist attack . 
  and you whine because , i do n't know , some muslim guy looked at you shifty-eyed on the street ? 
  because you are fortunate enough to live in a country that ensures that you wo n't die for lack of medical care and you are afraid that a small portion of your money might be going to giving lazy brown people that benefit too ? 
  because your crime rate went up slightly , at least in your imagination , and you think that 's because of immigration and not the fact that you put inflation-phobic morons in charge of your economy ? 
  give me a break . 
  man up and solve your country 's problems . 
   criminal type of young , male muslims ... do nothing good i assure you we have a much larger group of a `` criminal type '' of young , male , brown people than you do . 
  why ? 
  because people in this country have the same attitude as you - hate a group of people instead of solve the problem . 
  you ca n't put a wall around a continent and keep out people . 
  your problems with immigrants will never go away as long as europeans have the attitude that you have . 
   imagine if mexico was a conservative muslim country like those in the middle east . 
  would the us be culturally better or worse off ? 
  i 'd bet my life-savings on the latter . 
  you probably should n't make bets about things you do n't know anything about if you want to hang onto your life savings . 
   culture of latin america is pretty much the same as the culture of south europe countries . 
  this is very much false . 
  really ? 
  so multiculturalism just means muslims ? 
  the holocaust did n't happen ? 
  europeans did n't scorch their own continent and slaughter each other by the millions repeatedly over centuries ? 
  and in the us , the millions of muslims , praying in public , being polite and well-mannered and hard-working , with women covering themselves to varying degrees as their traditions and beliefs would have them , is somehow poised to fail ? 
  and you think there are no muslims in latin america ? 
  that they do n't have their own immigration issues from africa ? 
  that they do n't have their own multitudinous and clashing cultures ? 
  really ? 
  have you considered that your worldview might benefit from adding a realistic amount of nuance to it ? 
   the advantage of latin america is its lack of invasive multiculturalism . 
  you ... do n't really know anything about latin america , do you . 
  or multiculturalism for that matter . 
   america specializes in the magic of the plea deal . 
  do n't count on it here . 
  plea deals are for giant corporations and for low-profile cases . 
  these fifa thieves , on the other hand , have been plucked to be a feather in some fbi prosecutor 's cap . 
  their only hope is if the people handling this have n't put together a good case and are just being over-ambitious , faced with the prospect of such a shiny trophy . 
  if blatter is a bigger enough trophy then blabbing might help . 
  questions : to what extent did europeans of the late 19th century foresee that their borders would change ? 
  how close is this to what putin has wet dreams about restoring ? 
  how does this work with nato ? 
  does this mean the alliance chain automatically calls us into war if russia and finland start fighting ? 
  you really should go fuck yourself . 
  american political cartoons are so terrible that i feel an urge draw a cartoon allegory about it and label what everything represents . 
  sure you can - just put it in a brown paper bag . 
  immigrants have to take a class and pass a test , but it 's more about making sure they know civics and foundational political principles rather than imposing a shared culture . 
  that 's not to say that civics and political principles are n't a subset of culture , but the primary reason we have been successful in assimilating immigrants is that we maintain a belief ( whether it 's true or not ) that politics and culture are distinct , independent concepts . 
  this means we normally do n't make bs cultural laws to harass immigrants about whether women can or ca n't wear headscarves , and conversely when immigrants do break a law , we are n't restrained from punishing them by worries that we are violating their culture , since we believe that our laws are above that . 
  this creates a very wide path for immigrants to navigate their own pace of assimilation while feeling generally welcomed , while also preventing disruption to civil society . 
  there are also other factors in play , like not being right next to africa and eurasia , not having a very desirable welfare system , and having been a multicultural country for the entire duration of our existence . 
   they can do as they wish in their country . 
  actually the article is about somebody not being able to do as they wish in their country . 
  somehow i doubt we 'll read the headline `` christian student banned for wearing a shirt displaying a word containing the letter t '', 
  lol, 
  okay , so i 'm going to start a business in belarus . 
  it will have a lot of employees and do nothing . 
  wages are - $ 20 per year . 
  you 've been arrogant , dismissive , and condescending through this entire discussion , yet it somehow offends you when the attitude is returned ? 
   they are now . 
  they have ever since they joined nato . 
   you can keep your unwanted parenting advice to yourself , thanks . 
  you can suck my dick , thanks . 
   americans , so touchy about guns unless they are in the hands of other americans . 
  this is n't even a stereotype , dude . 
   it is very easy for someone protected by the largest military force the world has ever known to be philosophizing about gun culture . 
  1 ) that does n't make me wrong . 
  2 ) the people in the photos are also protected by the largest military force the world has ever known . 
   so perhaps , before issuing parenting advice , make sure it is appropriate for the situation ? 
  appropriate for the situation would be to tear that gun out of the kid 's hands , slap his parents , and punch the soldier who gave it to him .
