did somebody say oil and freedom ? 
  there 's always plenty of negative news about russia ( or any other place , but let 's face it , definitely about russia ) . 
  people are just posting it and upvoting it more now because putin is being a cunt . 
  conspiracy theory time !, 
  putin is driving sweden and finland to join nato so that their cultural peacefulness and added numbers will make nato less unified , less agile , and less of a threat to russia . 
  that just comes with being an american posting in / r/europe . 
  `` hey guys , you 're doing it wrong . 
  i 'm an american so i 'm right ! '', 
  is what people hear . 
   many , many studies they 're all around us . 
  you ca n't see , hear , taste , smell , or feel them , but they 're there !, 
  oh i fully acknowledge that there are differences between races and ethnicities . 
  for example , many lithuanians have difficulty grasping basic logical and scientific concepts , as well as complex social processes , and thus blame things on genetics when there is no evidence for it . 
   the symptoms of the underlying scandinavian culture . 
  dude , i lived in minnesota . 
  there is n't an `` underlying scandinavian culture '' anymore than a funny accent and calling a casserole a `` hot dish '' , except maybe in the boonies . 
   there would be no healthcare system if people were more individualistic people are as individualistic as anywhere else . 
  the rural areas are republican just like elsewhere in the us and the urban areas are democratic . 
  it 's a purple state . 
  there just happens to be good hospitals and health care infrastructure for various reasons , including the fact that insurance companies are headquartered in the twin cities , and the mayo clinic is in rochester , etc. 
  the coverage situation is n't any better and more socialist than in any of the blue states which happen to be redder on op map . 
   but my feeeeelings !!!, 
   that 's an undeniable fact  that much is clear  most scientists agree yeah , okay buddy . 
   no , i do n't think it 's socio-economic . 
  ( blah blah ignorant racist bullshit ) i do n't think `` think '' is the right word for what you 're doing there . 
   minnesota is one of the whitest states in the us so is west virginia . 
   most of the whites are of scandinavian descent higher percentage scandinavian descent in mn , but i 'm pretty sure the biggest chunk is still german-descent . 
  in any case , it 's not big enough to make much of a difference . 
   scandinavian values , including political liberalism and a culture that encourages long life expectancy think more like - good health care system , high educational standards , high employment , low poverty , maybe a lack of alcoholism , possibly minneapolis-st paul fitness culture . 
  do n't you take children out of their home if they 're being abused ? 
  no , that 's what we hire police officers for . 
  put any jews on trains today ? 
   oh shit , you 've solved this whole problem . 
  why did n't we think of that earlier . 
  thanks so much for this great idea . 
  you 're welcome , but i seriously do n't understand why sufficiently strong enforcement + punishment are not fully implemented . 
  i know it does n't fully tackle root causes , but proximate public safety is important . 
   every other underclass would be ungrateful when you give them free houses and services to improve their situation ? 
  in most cases ( perhaps i should n't have said `` every '' ) , probably , if such gifts are given by the class which they perceive to be oppressing them , and for what they may perceive to be ulterior motives . 
   if you would provide free education , housing and other free shit ... you could solve the ghetto problem in a few decades . 
  free education , housing , and other social services have been provided to the very impoverished and underprivileged in the us for many decades - not to the same cushy extent that it is in much of europe , but it 's there nonetheless . 
  such families in the us can expect to receive health care , some food funding , housing subsidies , educational scholarships , and more . 
  the problem is that even with all of these , there are still hurdles like bigotry , cultural inertia and lack of social capital , lack of employment , perception of no opportunity , early life developmental problems , vicious cycles of broken families or substance abuse or violence , etc. 
  it 's not just the poor non-white areas of inner cities either , but rural areas where some of these cycles persist as well . 
   now my question to you : what do you propose there 'd be done ? 
  as i said above , a law and order approach is a must . 
  beyond that , i think there are probably a few things that parts of europe need to come to terms with about their societies . 
  one is that liberalism and multiculturalism are fundamentally at odds with an ethnic/cultural national identity . 
  if you have a lot of people in your country whose national identities run along ethnic , cultural , or religious lines , they will constantly see and be seen by out-groups as a threat . 
  if you give the ethnic/cultural nationalists anything more than a fringe space in your public sphere , their existence will poison any potential for good will between groups , regardless of the material gifts you shower on those involved . 
  that is , the outcry by those demanding assimilation ( usually meaning a process in which an out-group member relinquishes their out-group identity and joins the in-group as a second-class citizen ) is the very thing which prevents actual assimilation ( which can only happen in civic/participatory terms , and on an egalitarian basis ) . 
  in italy , then , the solution is to take a law and order approach while continuing to actively create pathways for roma participation in civic life , but then also to shun and disparage those voices in the italian world which are either racist , or say words only for the purpose of veiling racist intent . 
  despite the presence of politicians calling obama a monkey and stuff like that , and despite all the negativity i 've been spewing here , i am optimistic that italy has the ability to solve such problems , and the outcry about the segregated busing policy is indicative of that . 
  it 's not a problem without its parallels in my country , so i can relate to the difficulty in solving it , but it seems to me like liberalism provides a good framework for a middle ground . 
  you just say if somebody does n't want to integrate , then that 's their own business , and enforce laws blindly nonetheless , while leaving a path open to those who choose differently . 
   lol you sound so na\u00efve . 
  i do n't think you europeans ( #notalleuropeans ) understand how na\u00efve you sound when you make posts like this . 
  `` oh , roma are n't just any underclass . 
  they 're especially bad !, 
  they commit real crimes !, 
  they do n't even want our social services !, 
  they 're so ungrateful ! '', 
  yes . 
  like every other underclass on the fucking planet . 
   these people do n't want to `` live a normal life '' . 
  no shit , sherlock . 
  that 's why if they commit crimes , you put them in prison . 
  an unpleasant one . 
  then if they do it again , you put imprison them for a longer period of time . 
  i guess maybe your police do n't do that ? 
  they just ask them real politely to please stop ? 
  putting individuals in prison based strictly on the crimes they commit is how you keep the public out of harms way without resorting to disturbing racist policies like separate buses or making them wear stars of david or engaging in mass ethnic deportations or any other latently fascist policy brewing in your subconscious minds . 
   i think if they 'd ever somehow spread to north america you would just put them behind bars after an ( legally ) unfair trial and few people would complain about it . 
  that 's how bad these people are . 
  you are kidding , right ? 
  do you not know that thanks to our history of industrial-scale slavery and our more recent history of institutionalized racism and crappy social policies , we have an impoverished black underclass with rates of violence and other criminality that make roma look like fucking angels . 
  do we segregate buses ? 
  we put cameras on them and prosecute the shit out of people who break the law . 
  that does n't mean there is n't a chance you 'll get hassled riding the bus through the inner city , but you do n't see us segregating our fucking buses . 
  shit , the fight against segregated busing was one of the centerpieces of our civil rights movement . 
  and we are better for it . 
  segregating buses is not just intrinsically wrong , but itself exacerbates the social problems it seeks to ignore . 
  maybe hire/train some ? 
  and put cameras on buses like in the us ? 
  i feel like one of my italian colleagues who , when discussing what the us government should do to reform the health care system , said something to the effect of `` i do n't see what the big deal is . 
  just build some hospitals , hire some doctors , give people some health care . '', 
  this seems like a pretty big and obvious loophole to have in a legal system . 
  `` hey guys lets write the law so it only applies to people listed in a database somewhere . '', 
  actually , i suspect that you 're just full of shit . 
  is n't there a really obvious practical solution that avoids segregation ( either explicit or built into route design ) altogether ? 
  just arrest the people who break the law on the bus . 
  the ancient greeks were such people . 
  why is it that conservatives in anglophone countries are so eager to copy everything the us does wrong ? 
   are you an animal ? 
  well i 'm not a vegetable or a mineral . 
   having people hear your fart in public is ridiculous . 
  sounds like you could use a good crop-dusting . 
  one orifice is the same as any other . 
  it 's okay if you 're outside . 
  but if you 're inside you have to do it quietly and then glare disapprovingly at the person next to you when people start to smell it .
