cameron did the referendum nonsense to take the wind out of ukip 's sails and he also did it because he was playing internal party politics . 
  the tories have been divided on the eu since the 80s and because he 's an arrogant bastard that thought everything would go his way he committed to a referendum to try shut that side of the party down , failing miserably . 
  i read that as fishmongering ... 
  apparently they fund and send people over here in the uk . 
  harassing people outside abortion clinics and such . 
  despicable practices in general . 
  true enough . 
  cia in action ... 
  i 'm just wondering how the uk is that high ... 
  i was going to say that the french diet is quite healthy compared to the absolute sugar laden shit we get here in the uk . 
  this might be a good article to read on where shit went wrong . 
  as usual , it starts with americans . 
  can confirm . 
  you 've got a lot of doubt ? 
  i 've got a fuck tonne of doubt about it . 
  and then some . 
  it makes me wonder what 's counted as exercise ... 
  let me just add polish to that list ... 
  not surprising . 
  that 's the sad thing . 
  https://theconversation.com/fact-check-will-the-brexit-divorce-bill-cost-the-uk-60-billion-72902 might as well include an article from the more academic people on this subject . 
  uk politics is just swings and roundabouts really . 
  i 'll just take my gold top milk and move on ... 
  do the irish not get friji milkshakes ? 
  yazoo tastes like crap . 
  reads article ... scrolls down ... sees comment on brexit . 
  must everything be connected to brexit these days ? 
  ah , do n't worry , religions/religious people have burned books/scripts/texts throughout history . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/book_burning?wprov=sfla1 it 's a nutty law , blasphemy is . 
  what you stumbled across was the massive underinvestment of the north by the uk government . 
  and that 's been going on a long time . 
  get your game on, 
  to the fat drunk girls ? 
  i 'm going to let that * sink * in for a minute ... 
  umm ... are you sure about trusting us ? 
  really , really sure ? 
  you have more faith than i. 
  ... top gear ... did you like the new series that aired not long back ? 
  most of us british thought chris evans did a shit job but now he 's gone , i hope this new series starting soon will be better . 
  americans shall always be weird . 
  do n't pay attention to the crazies . 
  they know not what they do . 
  sounds american . 
  maybe mardy arses should 've been used ? 
   they 're all mardy arses because the uk rejected them . 
  better than butthurt . 
  * rage level rising * too blind to see the fault in your philosophy ... 
   no thanks we like our obsession with teeth and guns ftfy, 
  whoa whoa whoa ... 
  some fella already tried to do away with people . 
  let 's not start that again . 
  pizza with ham , pineapple and onion . 
  ftfy . 
  it 's not the europeans but the americans that butcher the english language . 
  there 's only one solution to this problem ... rule by the british !, 
  let 's face it , america is on the brink already . 
  it needs a stable hand . 
  not that sort of stable hand but a hand that is stable . 
  or at least has some sort of stability to it . 
  whether it 's attached to someone ; that can be decided later . 
  right . 
  well , i could n't tell what the red name was in all honesty . 
  i can see it now . 
  * facepalm *, 
  where would the uk have gone on this graph ? 
  below france ? 
  at the same level ? 
  i feel like we should know this . 
  edit : disregard my stupidity ... 
  soon to have little eurasians ... 
  hey !, 
  expecting us to walk ... 
  u/dubineer has learnt something . 
  well , it is 2 sword lengths apart for a reason ... 
  you 're welcome to become the bitch of america 's bitch if you want . 
  if boris johnson becomes the next pm when darth may leaves , him and trump together will destroy life as we know it . 
  i like his policy of letting fox hunting come back but people can become fox hunter hunters . 
  [ i only got to see this the other day for the first time . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/gpsizx0ta0y ), 
  i mean ... at least no one froze the paintballs first . 
  best of both worlds . 
  pints , teaspoons and tablespoons yes . 
  cups tend to just be american these days . 
  quarts are outdated these days and gallons are mainly petrol and the like . 
  pounds and ounces are still used but not as much as metric . 
  cookbooks sometimes put weight and fluid measurements in both imperial and metric , but it tends towards metric these days . 
  still prefer to spell it as metre , not meter . 
  we still use feet and yards over here . 
  but we also use metre as well . 
  and ounce and pounds . 
  stone too . 
  but kg as well . 
  fluid ounces are also still kicking around here . 
  `` let him stroke you with his tiny child hands . '', 
  hehehe . 
  has anyone actually ever bought a pint glass ? 
  we never have . 
  ever . 
  yeah ... one . 
  reverse-racism - the act of being racist to one 's self .
