  then you are no friend of the irish people . 
   what do you think the rising of 1916 was for ? 
  the rising of 1916 had a sound goal in mind , which for the vast majority has been achieved . 
  what you are supporting is not a continuation of the 1916 rising , and it is an insult to those that fought in it to claim that what occurs today is continuing their wishes . 
  edit : i also find it hilariously ironic that you reject the irish republic , but use the republic 's flag as your flair . 
  you probably submit taxes to the state , get tax refunds , get loans though companies partially owned by the state , possibly are employed or receive welfare from the state . 
  holy shit , that is some bias . 
  it actually makes me cringe someone could take that poster seriously ... wtf hungary ? 
  wtf eu politicians ? 
  you do n't say ? 
   the treaty was and remains totally worthless and invalid in international law : both because it was signed under duress if you think that , then pretty much every ~ ~ civil war ~ ~ ceasefire in history would be worthless . 
  it 's a silly idea to have . 
   delegates had no right to sign it anyway the delegates did have the power to sign it . 
  they were given that power by those leading d\u00e1il \u00c9ireann at the time . 
  not to mention , when they returned to ireland the treaty was agreed by a majority and ratified . 
  those that disagreed with it started the irish civil war , with the goal of removing the rest of d\u00e1il \u00c9ireann , and rejecting the treaty . 
  the anti-treaty group both lost the majority in d\u00e1il \u00c9ireann , and the war . 
  if you do n't remember , those who win a war , write history . 
  that includes going through with the treaty . 
   in ireland nobody wanted the treaty most irish history books would agree . 
  but people do n't want war and death . 
  the treaty gave them the chance for a diplomatic exit , though it make take longer , it would be without death , war and famine . 
  i do not argue that it was immensely unpopular , but it was supported over the prospect of another war . 
  so much so , that the country split in two , families split in two , and a civil war started . 
  half for pro-treaty , half for anti-treaty . 
  the pro-treaty won . 
   in ireland nobody wanted the treaty they obviously wanted it enough to warrant having a civil war , as mentioned , which they won . 
   ireland is a nation which consists of thirty-two counties . 
  the constitution recognises the separation of northern ireland and the republic of ireland . 
  by our own definition of ireland , it is not a 32 county nation . 
  `` 1 it is the firm will of the irish nation , in harmony and friendship , to unite all the people who share the territory of the island of ireland , in all the diversity of their identities and traditions , recognising that a united ireland shall be brought about only by peaceful means with the consent of a majority of the people , democratically expressed , in both jurisdictions in the island . 
  until then , the laws enacted by the parliament established by this constitution shall have the like area and extent of application as the laws enacted by the parliament that existed immediately before the coming into operation of this constitution . '', 
  http://www.irishstatutebook.ie/eli/cons/en/html - article 3 . 
   if you ask the people of ireland , there is no doubt that an empathic majority would say : ` we want independence and an irish republic . ', 
  yes , you are right . 
  in fact , i can point out the latest opinion poll which says just that . 
  however , the constitution of ireland , which is that which is agreed upon by the irish people , states that a united ireland will only be formed through a peaceful agreement by both the north and the south . 
  any nation , if it had a majority , could say anything they want , but that statement is meaningless inside the borders of the actual country being referenced . 
   essentially you 're allowing the minority hold the veto on the unity of ireland . 
  the agreement allows the majority in the counties whom it affects most to have a voice , and to not be made subject to the desires of others . 
  we , as one people , agreed that those living in northern ireland and those living in the republic of ireland would agree to form a united ireland , when both parts of the island agreed to it . 
  you are advocating against the very thing we revolted and became independent for . 
  do you have some references so that people could read into for their own interest ? 
  ( and confirm all points made ), 
  they never have encouraged scotland and ni to leave , that much i do know . 
  i 'm with the uk guys here , the uk was pretty beneficial to the eu . 
  especially so for ireland , they helped give us a bigger voice on the stage than before . 
  sad that we 're losing them , really . 
  but i 'll respect their opinion . 
  wow , that place is beautiful !, 
  may i ask where it is ? 
  perhaps you could explain why it is wrong , with evidence to confirm your claims . 
  they 're not occupied . 
  it was partitioned in agreement by both ireland and the uk , and will return to us when the people that actually live there decide , in majority , to re-join the rest of ireland . 
  to force people ( the majority of people ) who do not want to be part of another country , to be part of that country will only create problems , not any resolution . 
  and i say that as someone who hopes to one day live in a united ireland . 
  but i 'm not going to force it on anyone . 
  ... it has been . 
  the traditional irish way . 
  i can not find anything saying that macron would add 5 hours of unpaid work to the working week . 
  please source your claims , or do n't comment . 
  i can not find anything on macron adding 5 unpaid hours to the worker 's working week . 
  source your claims please . 
  edit : whoops , replied to the wrong person . 
  if that 's what you believe mate , then why delete the comment ? 
  i am surprised , yet unsurprised at the irish opinion on eu democracy . 
  i 've heard quite a bit of complaining about it , so i expected it to rank much lower . 
  eh , he did n't lose anything . 
  he followed it , most likely , because it interested him . 
  i certainly have n't . 
  anyway , it has been obvious for a long time that you 're not interested in fact . 
  also , thank you . 
  this comment chain has been good for my supply of karma , and evidently not for yours . 
  good night . 
   it might as well be fact if you look at the numbers for yourself . 
  please read his comment in full . 
  and are you really going to resort to name calling ? 
  how childish . 
  e : besides , a little common sense would have told you that you could deduce whollymoly 's comment from my original comment . 
  but common sense is in short supply these days . 
  eh ... this is n't about scotland ... 
  it 's about ireland ... 
  thank you . 
  excellent job portubros !, 
  :d even if other comments here are true , and they 're not the most stable jobs , it is an improvement , and even some work is better than none . 
  keep it up !, 
  please point them my way , i 'd love to prove them wrong and get sweet sweet karma for it . 
  your sarcasm is appreciated . 
  i wo n't bother arguing the point , since you obviously wo n't accept fact , but i am most definitely not wrong , and there is nothing to do with interpreting anything . 
  everything i have said has been clearly defined . 
  ha ha ha ha ... oh you are a funny person . 
   supporting your opinion with facts does not make the opinion a fact . 
  this idea of yours that is in direct contradiction of the definition of fact . 
  i have provided the sources of the facts . 
  therefore , i have fulfilled the requirements to state a fact , and disproven that my statement is an opinion . 
   what you are doing its actually very similar to how religious people defend the existence of god . 
  `` well i believe in god and this is why ... x y z '' when really they have simply justified their opinions on why they think god exists . 
  except these religions are entirely founded on faith and on a single , uncredible source . 
  what i have said is most definitely not . 
  there is no `` faith '' part of my statement , and there are multiple , certified sources which will all claim the same information .
