  if you create a new bloc with those two points , it 's essentially the eu , but with less security , and more red tape . 
  however , many seem to think that it would be easier to completely dismantle the eu and try start over , than to try change it from within . 
  i believe it would be much easier , and safer , to attempt to change the eu from within , than try get all 27 to leave and join a new bloc . 
  the second idea here is what i have seen a few brexit supporters trying to suggest . 
  i think this pathway is what loses a lot of support from `` pro-euers '' . 
  edit : it 's half 1 in the morning , there 's probably a lot more i intend to say about this , but it 's not coming to mind right now . 
  can discuss more tomorrow . 
  edit 2 : oh yeah , one of the great things about the eu is the fact that funds that go towards the eu , are then spent on the poorer nation states . 
  ireland feels particularly for this , because , and i say it in no uncertain terms , ireland under british occupation was utter shite . 
  coming out as an independent country was a rough start , and it took decades for even the main roads of ireland to be half decent . 
  50 years after the eu and they 're only starting to look good now , and that 's on the east coast , the more developed one . 
  without the eu , this never would have happened , and ireland would likely still be in a shithole for an economy . 
  it would be equivalent to a third world country . 
  this reason alone is a huge reason to support it . 
  while those who already live in well developed countries see this cost as only an extra burden , but you would n't believe the difference it makes to newer economies , and i would happily pay a little extra tax to support the newer economies in eastern europe . 
  it makes a difference you would n't believe . 
  no , actually . 
  my bond with the european community has a limit . 
  i 'm detailing this in a longer reply which i am working on now . 
  i guess `` your failures '' was a terrible move on my part . 
  i mean your governments failures . 
    back to reading the rest of the reply e : wow , ok . 
  i learned more about your political leanings from that one reply than from the entire rest of this comment chain, 
  my apologies , russians too . 
  the case you refer to was ignorant , yet you compared it to dissent , is what i was saying . 
  i think you fail to realise is that the eu is not a separate entity to the countries of the eu - your government is part of that which leads the eu !, 
  the laws that the eu make , have to go through a parliament which you elect part of , it has to go through the council and commission , which your government is a part of . 
  if there 's a law you do n't like , why do n't you bring it up with your government ? 
  you say you would have liked a vote on things such as the lisbon treaty - yet you refuse to acknowledge that the fact you did n't get to was n't a fault of the eu - it 's a fault of your own government !, 
  and the eu does have people who 's jobs is to look out for the views of the people - they 're called the meps !, 
  which you elect !, 
  please , how is that not directly asking the people for their opinion ? 
  you ca n't blame others for your failures . 
  on top of that , this system has been in place since the eu started . 
  how laws are made has n't changed . 
  that means if you did n't like how the system works , you could/should have considered that before joining . 
  but you claim the system is completely undemocratic , and does n't give two shits about `` the public '' . 
  that is completely wrong . 
  it is democratic . 
  just because it is n't democratic enough for you does n't change that . 
  as i 've said before , i want a more democratic eu , and i 'll do something to try make that happen , rather than get angry on reddit about r/europe and saying one wrong thing after another . 
  edit : to add , [ here is how seats are allocated in the eu parliament ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/apportionment_in_the_european_parliament ) , based on number of citizens . 
  would you prefer a system where those countries with far fewer people can create laws governing far more ? 
   you should try looking closer though , maybe among the bottom comments . 
  i did n't find any !, 
  i even went looking for your case of getting shot down and compared to putin - the entire comment chain was almost gone , and there have been no other instances in which you seem to try suggest how to improve the eu - every single other one is nothing but complain !, 
   meant you 'll have an easier time criticizing the eu if you 're upfront about being pro-eu . 
  i 'll be honest here - the eu is n't perfect . 
  i have a lot of gripes with it , and i 'll happily bring up my concerns about it with others . 
  i 'll voice my opinion on an eu army , fbi , etc. 
  but it 's a damn sight better than being split up . 
  that is my opinion . 
  but let 's go back to the root of this chain - `` legitimate criticism of the eu ? 
  the r/europe circlejerk wo n't stand for this . '', 
  - criticism is quite welcome !, 
  just because you had one bad experience is not cause to shit all over the subreddit and throw your toys out of the pram . 
  be the change you want to see !, 
  get involved in the discussion like the rest of us are !, 
  and stop blaming the rest of us for your failure !, 
  to all asking `` why '' or some version of that - stop , and read through the comments , it 's been explained several times . 
  or , you know , just google it . 
  it 's not a case of `` a couple of supportive digits '' - the eu has given huge benefits to it 's members economically - my own country 's economy almost completely relies on the benefits brought to it by the eu . 
  statistics are facts . 
  to ignore the benefits of the eu is stupid . 
  yes , the eu does have it 's flaws - but the benefits far outweigh the cons . 
  if it did n't , you would n't be having so many professionals commenting how terrible brexit ( for example ) will be for the uk economy . 
  but this comment chain still comes back to the main reason it was started in the first place . 
  `` largest [ and least successful ] free trade zone . 
  ftfy . '', 
  is simply wrong , on so many levels . 
  so tell me , since you suggest there is somewhere else better to be than the eu , where will the uk go now ? 
   you can throw all the stats you want at me , they are no reason , and never will be reason alone to stay in the eu . 
   praise the lord !, 
  dissent is only partly silenced on r/europe . 
  this is truly a blessed day dissent = / = ignorance . 
   i saw one of those , 3 whole upvotes for calmly stating an opinion based in fact . 
  really ? 
  i saw 3-4 , with 20 + upvotes . 
  not every single one is going to be seen by everyone , especially if it 's posted during quieter hours . 
   do you ever think to yourself ` wait a minute , that does n't sound quite right ' ? 
  like the fact that the us can elect a president who did n't win the popular vote ? 
  like the uk , where mps are n't elected by majority vote ? 
  also like in the uk , where it was the mps who actually decided whether or not to leave the eu , not the referendum ? 
  like turkey , where the opposition is jailed and rigging ignored in a referendum ? 
   i wish i had the chance to vote for the lisbon treaty and accommodate for my countries concerns that 's an issue for your country , not the eu . 
   how many people in europe do you think know the name of their commissioner ? 
  the sentence you reference is my request that you understand how the eu works . 
  the for any one citizen to recall the name of any one person at any time is not only unnecessary , but completely off the point . 
   it 's definitely better in that thread . 
  i 've yet to experience a time where people have been `` shot down '' for criticising the eu . 
  but it 's a personal anecdote , so i 'll let it slide . 
   we apparently need even more strict regulations when countries listen to the will of their people instead of the eu . 
  / `` so unless we create a truly strict framework for these things to be handled by everyone , i 'm wondering how we 'll handle the future crisis . '', 
  maybe i 'm reading what you wrote wrong , but that does n't seem to be what the quote is saying , when taken in context . 
  in fact , if you look at the overall picture , i see a great number of people wishing for the eu and individual governments to have greater strengthening of bonds regarding issues such as the migrant crisis . 
   has to be a russian , american or racist because he 's against the eu . 
  it was an assumption based on your username and post history . 
  if i was wrong , sorry , but it 's redundant , it was compared to the fbi . 
  considering an eu fbi would be an upgrade from the current europol , it would of course have an oversight committee . 
  even now , a 2 second google shows there have been concerns brought up over europol , as recently as 2016 .
