  also called the dutch government a load of facists and nazis . 
  he already had what could be considered a diplomatic crisis with the neatherlands . 
  really . 
  source on the quote ? 
  welcome back , wherever you decide to stay . 
  usa flair ? 
  quick lads , the brits are invading !, 
  chicken fried rice . 
  i concur , the swedish are beautiful . 
  `` definitely not uk '' jazus lads we 've got some work to do . 
  or the real name for fake news - lies . 
  i just read through what he said and i think my 5 year old cousin could make a better argument , clearer argument than what i 've just read . 
  ah , i remember this incident now . 
  regardless of one 's views on the matter , i think it really helped unveil how aggressive and unhelpful erdogan and his government are . 
  having to give an opinion completely based on an out of context quote , that you ca n't alter to match your opinions , are generally pretty bad . 
   he basically helped erdogan win his referendum in exchange for erdogan helping him win the elections here mind explaining that ? 
  with sources ? 
  good to know . 
  thanks for the update !, 
  ah , fair enough so . 
  makes perfect sense . 
  thanks for the explanation !, 
  huh . 
  that first part is quite common to see , but i 'd never heard of the second part . 
  not sure how you anonymously link a response to a reddit account ( unless you assign every reddit account a number or something ? ), 
  but in the end it does n't really matter to me once it works . 
  thanks for explaining though , 
  that would be great . 
  glad to know that you 've got tools to prevent vote manipulation , i was n't aware of that . 
  i 'm sure we could wait a bit for the guy who is on vacation to return . 
  hope he has a good trip . 
  thanks marktp . 
  interesting . 
  thank you very much . 
  perhaps we could organise an r/europe version of this poll ? 
  so , i got rutte too , but i know nothing about him . 
  would you mind eli5 his main policies ? 
  thanks < 3, 
  everything is legal except when it is n't . 
  what the fuck . 
  4th * largest contributor . 
  explain that to all the brexiters who want to remain in the single market , want to be able to travel europe as if they were in the eu , want complete control over their immigration and want all the eu business , with none of the drawbacks . 
  unfortunately he 's deleted most of his comments ( they were downvoted into the dumpster ) but some of the conversation remains . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/65wdk4/brexit_voters_respond_angrily_to_news_eu_agencies/dgdwy5e/ e : his argument , essentially , was that eu agencies/firms should not be allowed to leave the uk until the uk actually left the eu , in 2 years time . 
  was told preparations have to be made , said he acknowledged this , but continued to reject the idea that preparation involved leaving sooner than the day the uk leaves the eu . 
  something along those lines . 
  let me find it for you . 
  and ireland has had that since 1534 !, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_irish_uprisings / s ( sorta ), 
  ha ha ha ha ha, 
  we 'll take them !, 
  i 'm sure r/celticunion would be all for that . 
  ( not that i support it . ), 
  talking to a dude here the other day about this . 
  was under the delusion that the uk is paying to have these agencies and contracts here . 
  please do n't let this hit r/all ... 
  did n't say they were n't responsible for most of it , just the specific fact that they did n't actually start it . 
  i agree with everything else . 
  but the european single market involves the free movement of people , as well as goods ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_single_market#free_movement_of_persons, 
  politically correctness aside - i remember hearing about no-go zone now , but that was a few years ago . 
  is it really still like that ? 
  i learned more about your political leanings from that one reply than from the entire rest of this comment chain . 
  ok , first start , i 'm going to apologise for being so ... harsh . 
  i was getting such a different vibe about you than this comment shows . 
  secondly , as i said in my other response , `` your failures '' do n't mean you personally - it means the failure of your government to meet your desires . 
  so , you 're one for direct democracy and individual state governance . 
  i 'm one for semi-direct democracy and a case of countries governing themselves for 90 % - the remaining 10 % being used exclusively for the common security of the eu . 
  ( metamorphicly , 10 % exactly of laws do n't have to be common or whatever ) . 
  i like the eu as it allows for very easy movement of people and goods . 
  this can be done without the eu , but is such a major part of it . 
  the economic benefits of which is well documented , so i 'm not going into detail . 
  it allows for us to group ourselves up on the international stage and say with a common interest `` this is what we want '' . 
  that 's much harder to do on an individual country level , even if there 's a group of you . 
  i believe people take more notice when the eu says `` we want this '' compared to , for example , `` norway , switzerland and sweden want this '' . 
  it gives you greater say on the international stage . 
  the eu allows for greater protection of countries within the eu . 
  if a country were to be attacked , rather than just dealing with that one country , you must deal with 27 , which is a much , much harder job than taking over one . 
  the final benefit of the eu , is that when you travel , the law is going to be roughly the same wherever you go . 
  now , i support the eu in the first 3 points . 
  economy , movement and defence are the only things i want the eu to worry about . 
  i do not care much for a common law between countries , as long as freedom of speech , movement and freedom from unjust persecution is supported . 
  the eu supports these 4 key areas . 
  so , why this style of eu governance ? 
  well , because it 's the only system that all the countries of the eu would agree to , unless you go for a full style of governance , which for the foreseeable future , is n't going to happen . 
  a direct democracy would allow for citizens of a few to directly control others , where it has a majority . 
  so a direct democracy can not work ( on the european stage , country-wise it is much more efficient due to more common interests/culture ) . 
  this leaves two styles left , the current one , which is most efficient , or not having any common political stage . 
  now , the argument can be made for , or against common european law , and i can see the pros and cons of each . 
  i have n't made up my mind on the matter . 
  on one hand , each country can tailor it 's laws to match it 's citizens , which is of course a great idea . 
  on the other hand , common law makes the free movement of people and goods so much easier . 
  however , both also have cons . 
  countries have smaller communities , each with their own cultures and opinions . 
  catalonia for example , in spain . 
  the con to common law , is that common law can cause huge cultural divide . 
  this includes the rules surrounding the migrant crisis , for example . 
  this is where the source of most anti-eu arguments that i see arise , other than the `` eu is governed from brussels ! '', 
  nonsense that i see , but that 's a different talking point . 
  so , if my assumption is correct and most europeans ( europeans , not pro-eu people ) want points 1-3 , but not four , then make it so . 
  the foundation of the eu is point 1 and 2 .
