  customs border yes , most likely . 
  i 'm referring to a people border though . 
  and smugglers will always find a way to take advantage of the system . 
  did they explain why they withdrew the coin , or is it they are simply changing how they wish to phase it in ? 
  i dunno , people north and south of the border feel very , very strongly against the reapplication of a hard border . 
  adding it again would be a very unpopular move , and one that would seriously result in a step back in the peace process . 
  i 'll wait and see . 
  e : i 'm bad and did n't see the `` customs '' part of the comment . 
  ignore me . 
  be the change you want to see ? 
  thanks for explaining !, 
  i 'm really not sure what it means ... 
  i was comparing ireland 's dislike to be considered part of the british isles with scottish dislike for being called british to try get the point across . 
  `` british '' is defined as being an inhabitant of great britain , yet the scots detest being called it . 
  ireland is defined as being within the `` british isles '' but we detest the idea just as much . 
  regardless , we detest being referred to as the `` british '' isles and would prefer any term be used . 
  from my experience the scottish have an extreme hate to being called `` british '' - this is one of the irish equivalents . 
  i 've read the rest of your comments . 
  while you have good intentions , this particular post phrased it terribly . 
  while i agree robotics should be invested in , and that people locating in cities would be overall good for a change in voting , i think the benefits would take a long time to become apparent , as relocating such a large number of people in cities is just not feasible currently . 
  additionally , destroying the regional economy would likely work against you , as you 'd be destroying a large numbers of jobs . 
  people will vote for those that secure them job security , food safety , energy safety , etc , as well as for those who 's policies they agree with . 
  ah , fair . 
  thanks for the information , and clarification . 
  while not french , i think european governments globally need to recognise their policies are causing considerable dissent . 
  everyone needs to take a step back , recognise the problems and come to a solution which is popular with as many as possible . 
  only then can these extremist movements be put down . 
  i 've seen some americans with quite long rants . 
  still clueless , but long . 
  tune into r/europe , 7th may . 
  e : though , most likely , yes . 
  oh , right . 
  thanks . 
  oh , it 's not helpful at all , but accurate . 
  oui , j' aime cette id\u00e9e ( good lord my french needs revival ), 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/twenty-fifth_amendment_of_the_constitution_bill,_2002_ ( ireland ) that bill , which failed to pass ** 15 ** years ago , was to increase the penalty for abortions , while decreasing the penalty of abortion for those at risk of suicide . 
  this is a completely different change , and it 's been quite a long time , allowing for opinions to take a dramatic shift , especially with younger groups leading the demand for the change . 
  eh ... no we did n't . 
  in an earlier post he said if le pen did n't win he 'd change his flair to the european flag for a week . 
  scroll back through the most recent comments , there 's a link there somewhere . 
  r/europe mods help us . 
  no , we did n't . 
  it is a sad day when anyone takes their own life . 
  odpo\u010d\u00edvej v pokoji ( hopefully that 's the correct translation . ), 
  if i know one thing , it is not to trust td with anything . 
  anything . 
  looking through irish and american history , i would ask when they ever gave a fuck about anyone other than themselves . 
  that said , i ca n't wait for a united ireland and celebratory drinks over scotland 's independence ( if that happens ) . 
  so , `` mathematically impossible '' eh ? 
  yeah , going to ask for sources here , i ai n't seen shit in the news here . 
  many thanks !, 
  remind me !, 
  2 weeks, 
  while i both want this to be true , and imagine it is true , i still want a source please . 
  thank you !, 
  what 's the deal with his flair being changed ? 
  believe me , i do n't know what their thought processes are either . 
  one day , once the world calms down again , i am going to thrive on calling these people out on their fearmongering which will amount to nothing . 
  oh god , this is going to create a political shitstorm between the uk and ireland , no doubt about it . 
  macron really does n't strike me as the extremist here ... 
  i 'm not sure how that comment and the replies suggest they were hoping for a terrorist attack . 
  none the less , it still shows how fucked up r/t _ d is . 
  and most of northern ireland . 
  top comeback there jim , let 's see how it plays out . 
  link please ? 
  soooooo ... are you going to prove any real arguments , with sources to back your claims ? 
  do you mind not repeating yourself over and over and over ? 
  it 's unproductive , and you 'll still be downvoted into oblivion - reposting it wo n't change it . 
  e : point proven . 
  yep , we want some of those businesses fleeing the uk and make some of those sweet sweet $ $ $ :d, 
  today i learned . 
  thanks . 
  that is true . 
  but better to be surprised by something they did n't announce they 'd do , than be surprised by something they did announce they 'd do , in my opinion . 
  as far as i am aware , blank votes have no value anywhere . 
  do n't think anywhere does them either . 
  it is not `` british territory '' . 
  they 're counting , so nothing to do but wait for now . 
  do n't worry about it , it happens . 
  well , also by not voting , it could be considered that if the winning candidate does something really unpopular , which they announced they 'd do , then those that did vote may turn to those that did n't vote and say `` why did you not endorse the person who was against this policy ? '', 
  but it 's your opinion . 
  do as you will . 
  but please , exercise your right to vote . 
  he 's one of those `` the evidence is against me so i 'm going to plug my ears and ignore you '' types . 
  yes , of course , everyone who supports those who is most similar to themselves is in the pocket of that person . 
  get real please . 
   i would have a hard time giving one of them the legitimity to represent me as none of them actually do . 
  while it may be the case neither is preferable for the benefits they 'll offer , i 'd suggest looking at the cons each one brings to the table . 
  neither will make it better , but one might make it considerably worse . 
  this is the thing - people are like `` let 's ignore the very people who actually understand what they 're talking about !, 
  '' , which is just a crazy , crazy idea . 
  tbh , i find his posts annoying than anything else . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  source ? 
  i ca n't find any . 
  e : oh , it 's a joke that i did n't pick up on ... : /, 
  yeah , fuck all these countries who did n't countries who totally did n't contribute at all !, 
  fuck all these people who contributed a greater % of their gdp than us !, 
  / s https://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2012/nov/22/eu-budget-spending-contributions-european-union, 
  yes .
