   `` that is not going to happen . '', 
  ~ ~ and this is why x y z. ~ ~ this is a logcial statement with multiple certified sources of information to confirm the fact . 
  opinion \u0259\u02c8p\u026anj\u0259n / noun noun : opinion ; plural noun : opinions 1 . a view or judgement formed about something , not necessarily based on fact or knowledge . 
  `` that , in my opinion , is right ''  . 
  fact fakt / noun noun : fact ; plural noun : facts a thing that is known or proved to be true . 
  `` the most commonly known fact about hedgehogs is that they have fleas '' synonyms : reality , actuality , certainty , factuality , certitude ; more truth , naked truth , verity , gospel `` it is a fact that the water supply is seriously polluted '' antonyms : lie , fiction information used as evidence or as part of a report or news article . 
  `` even the most inventive journalism peters out without facts , and in this case there were no facts '' synonyms : detail , piece of information , particular , item , specific , element , point , factor , feature , characteristic , respect , ingredient , attribute , circumstance , consideration , aspect , facet ; more information , itemized information , whole story ; informalinfo , gen , low-down , score , dope `` every fact in the report was double-checked '' used to refer to a particular situation under discussion . 
  noun : the fact that `` despite the fact that i 'm so tired , sleep is elusive ''  . 
  show me where i have stated an opinion based on the above definitions ( taken from google ) . 
  you will find yourself wrong . 
  re-read this comment chain . 
  you will find yourself wrong . 
  use the brain that was gifted to you . 
  you will find yourself wrong . 
  i have only given the results a glance so far , but i am pleasantly surprised by the increase . 
  i 'll give the rest of a study a look after dinner . 
  thanks op , i was just looking for this . 
  except facts are not an opinion . 
  i suggest you educate yourself on the matter . 
  otherwise i shall view you as you are , an annoying troll with nothing better to do . 
  yeah ... right ... whatever . 
  except it 's not my opinion , as i 've said about 3 times now . 
  represing ? 
  do you mean surpressing ? 
  regardless , none of the things mentioned in your op would be diminished by an eu single state . 
  language , food , history , etc all fall under culture . 
  any attempt to suppress any of it would be political suicide by the governing party , not to mention potentially literally suicide , by providing the nationalists of each country . 
  i 'd give the uk 's domination of ireland in the past as an example . 
  ireland was treated like shit , the culture destroyed - what happened ? 
  constant revolution for decades . 
  repeating such a situation on the european scale would be even worse , as people from other countries would then feel their own culture was at risk next , and a domino effect would escalate from there . 
  martin niem\u00f6ller 's poem `` first they came '' comes to mind . 
  first they came for the x. . . and i did not speak out , because i was not an x. 
  such would likely not happen , as people would realise their own culture was a risk , and a eu-wide civil war suddenly becomes much more possible . 
  they will tell you the spoon is worth less because that is how economics works . 
  just because it does n't fit your narrative , does n't make it wrong . 
  if they made up fact ( ie . 
  lied ) in order to push a narrative , they would not receive the support they do . 
  just like most papers on this subreddit do n't . 
  except it 's not my opinion - it is a fact that it will not happen . 
  it is not my opinion in any shape or form , and your insistence that it is , is simply wrong on every level . 
   even if you did decisions like that go to the people . 
  i know - which is why i included a link which , if you bothered to check the facts , shows that the irish public would not leave the eu . 
  they 'd stay in the eu . 
  your blind rejection of fact and unchanging , wrong assumption that i think i speak for the irish people is not only disgusting , but insulting . 
  eh ... none of these things would be lost by creating a single european country . 
  in fact , attempting to supress a culture would likely great dissent against the governing party , who would likely be quickly removed from power , or at the latest , at the next election . 
  i 'll give one example from my own country . 
  there are a few variants in irish from region to region , but i have never encountered a case where one is supressed . 
  in addition , the main language of every country in europe ( to my knowledge ) is considered an official language of the eu , even little-spoken irish . 
  that said , there is little action currently taking place that would convert the eu into a single state . 
  even if there was , it would require all 28 nations to agree , which would require public support in every single one . 
  even if one state were to reject it , the idea would fail ( at least for a time ) . 
  that said , i 'm no politicial/law maker . 
  if someone wishes to correct me , please do so . 
  no , it 's not . 
  it 's me stating a fact based on evidence . 
  if you bothered to read the facts and come up with a real argument , you would know that what i have said is true for ireland . 
  well , considering that it 's considered one of the most credible websites around which reports news , i 'd say it 's pretty reliable . 
  just because you detest it though , does n't make the fact that what it says is true , and has also been reported by several other websites , whom are just as reliable . 
  regardless , whatever your opinion of the website is , the facts ate still true . 
  the eu and the guardian are n't causing any trouble here - it 's an agreement reached by the uk and ireland . 
  repeating the agreement ai n't going to change anything , regardless of opinion . 
   your argument is irrelevant , your statements are irrelevant and your opinions are irrelevant . 
  while you may not agree with my opinion , refusing to accept fact and evidence is not only illogical , but a dangerous idea . 
   you do n't speak for ireland . 
  gee , it 's almost as if i just said that i do n't !, 
  `` you guys '' ? 
  you mean the eu ? 
  i do n't think they 're trying to stir up anything - this was an agreement reached by both ireland and the uk decades ago . 
  yes , the ira have killed far more , but they also ran their campaign over a much longer period of time , under rather different circumstances . 
  just because the guardian reports fact , does n't mean it 's a trouble causing website . 
  no , i speak using logic and evidence based fact . 
  [ britain is not ireland 's most lucrative eu trading partner - belgium is ] ( http://www.thejournal.ie/ireland-britain-belgium-2866202-jul2016/ ) [ the eu makes up half of our total trade ] ( http://www.cso.ie/en/releasesandpublications/er/gei/goodsexportsandimportsdecember2015/ ) [ over 60 % of people say the eu is more important to ireland than the uk ] ( http://www.newstalk.com/reader/47.301/76329/0/ ) [ 66 - 80 % of irish adults would vote to remain in the event of an irexit ] ( https://www.slideshare.net/amarach/amrach-economic-recovery-index-november-2016 ) so yes , i stand by my argument that the republic of ireland would not leave the eu and follow britain . 
  that is not going to happen . 
  please excuse my ignorance . 
  why are these sanctions being considered , and what caused the situation to arise ? 
  the discussion below seems to be contradictory between people . 
  also , sources included please !, 
  if that 's the intended message , then my mistake , but it definitely does n't read like that to me . 
  i 'm seeing exactly what he said , that bloody sunday did n't happen . 
  i think your question has been answered already , but yes , it 's a desire within hearts , not so much for economic reasons . 
   emerald isle . 
  thank you . 
   bloody sunday ( which does n't happen ) . 
  yes , it very definitely did . 
  e : sounded too harsh , reworded . 
  that is dangerously close , wow . 
  i hope opinions change drastically before the election . 
  e : that said , i respect the opinion of the french , i just do n't believe in le pen . 
   russia does not have a `` nato '' of its own , they do not place scary military stuff in ireland or andorra . 
  well , every other landmass you could try to place something off the coast is taken by another country , and is either a member of the eu or nato . 
  in addition , countries in nato are generally not invading each other , or countries outside of it ( admittedly , iraq/afganistan is an exception ) . 
  if they were , there would be another military alliance like nato . 
  people have joined nato because russia is a threat - if it was n't , people would n't be bothered to join it . 
  but when you decide to invade/annex , influence elections globally and are generally doing shit the general populace of the world strongly is against , you tend to see that reflected in the actions of nations . 
  strength in unity my friend - let us move forward , together < 3, 
  thank you . 
  yes , i misread his comment originally and thought he meant a normal border . 
  have edited my first comment to reflect .
