  german turks voted yes with 63.3 %, 
  come on turkey , just 4 % more for no vote !, 
  70 + % ballots counted in 45 mins is quite sketch , i would expect it to take much longer . 
  irish election vote counting takes hours and we 're only 4.7 million people !, 
  eh , electing trump and brexit gave us front row seats , france and thereafter decides if we 're going vip . 
  oh , there 's no way you can hide from it . 
  everyone will have to face the rising issues eventually . 
  i would just like to sleep somewhat comfortably before my exams . 
  placing blame on others is easier , makes them feel better . 
  * sigh * i need something positive to think about today . 
  and the blame will always go on the other 's religion , and not at the real issue . 
  i am shocked at how little discussion there was about it at all ( france nationalism ) . 
  i 'm genuinely concerned for the election result , despite the odds . 
  the fact le pen making it to the first round is enough to be of concern . . also worried about what countries are going to be next to show this change . 
  it 'll be an important event to keep an eye on . 
  hopefully it goes well . 
  people are never wrong , until it hits them in the face . 
  unfortunately , in this day and age , extremism / excessive nationalism and bigotry will bring around the next downfall of the world . 
  question is , how long ? 
  i 'd appreciate the history lesson , if any of it was news to me . 
  thankfully , we receive good education here , and i knew all of this already . 
  you 're missing the point of this comment chain . 
  as i said earlier , germany did not start wwi . 
  that does not mean that are not responsible or any less wrong for what they did during said war . 
  `` those who do n't learn from history are doomed to repeat it . '', 
  - george santayana so sad . 
  more so that those that do learn their history , sometimes reach the wrong conclusions . 
  i 've never heard of matzah cake before - thanks for sharing !, 
  i hope you enjoy :d, 
  oh believe me , i have been all too well educated as to the atrocities committed by the british empire and afterwards . 
  thanks irish education system !, 
  ( no , that is not sarcastic ) e : also , happy cake day !, 
  good lord , i accidently typed an extra i. i mean germany did n't start wwi , not wwii . 
  if there 's no point to typing `` technically ... '' then why bother at all and just say that a person is right ? 
  i 've also never heard of wwii being called the sino-japanese war . 
  i 'm not even sure why we 're discussing it . 
  i 'm referring to the `` technically you 're right '' - `` technically '' or not , germany did n't start ~ ~ wwii ~ ~ i mean wwi i 'm not arguing whether or not they went through belgium . 
  though , yes , i do need to revise my wwi history . 
  you would n't believe the amount of butthurt that was available if sorted by new . 
  it 's crazy the number of americans that think that all of europe owe them everything because of their involvement in wwii . 
  it 's like modern politics in europe does n't exist for them . 
  oh , do n't get me wrong - the us has done a lot of good , in the past . 
  i appreciate that . 
  what i am saying is that you seem to be overstating europe 's reliance on the us currently . 
  i think you under appreciate what europe provides you in return . 
  painting yourself as a group that shines down on everyone else is not a good way to gain approval however . 
  well yes , they can . 
  i will admit , that is something europeans need to work on . 
  that was an interesting read . 
  the article only mentions how france at first rejected merging zones . 
  it does not detail how `` the morgenthau plan was most heavily pushed by france ... '' , just that it was initially rejected , but later approved . 
  it also does not explain any change in heart by the uk , or why france agreed to merge , just that it happened . 
  it does detail how the uk was in support of it however . 
  also , the article claims late ' 46 , not mid . 
  none the less , that decision was made as it would result in a stronger european economy . 
  a stronger european economy is important to the us . 
   i will say this , how a country controls their immigration policy should be no ones business . 
  yeah , that 's fair . 
  but making a change so fast that those studying there , working there , etc. 
  can not adapt to such a huge change in legislation is generally a bad idea . 
  not to mention what deals you could be breaking with other countries with no warning . 
  would also be nice if americans would stop harping on about our immigration policy , if they do n't want us to criticise theirs . 
  that i can understand . 
  would n't really need them back in europe . 
  huh . 
  today i learned . 
  i apologise , i was wrong . 
  now i wonder why they needed us transport , they articles do n't explain . 
  i do n't care if you do or do n't trust countries . 
  i do care about people shrugging their obligations to mutual defence over an opinion caused by their leader 's opinions . 
   without the u.s. being the hegemon edit : that 's one way to trigger . 
  i 'm sure that 's what `` leader of the free world '' is supposed to translate to right ? 
  give me a reason , with sources , to respect and give gratitude , and i will . 
  what exists now is a co-operative relationship , where we both gain . 
  stop being all high and mighty . 
  i do n't see the us being very trusting of european countries either , so should they then double down on expenditure ? 
  you do n't have to trust each other to have a common goal of defending each other from a different threat . 
  besides , it 's the us that has been the only country to invoke nato articles calling for other nato countries aid - which they got . 
  would be very shitty to simply give the rest of us the finger while you reap the benefits because you 're butthurt . 
  world war one is a poor example . 
  it was caused by a unsorted mess of webs between allies , with the spark for the fuel to start it caused by the assassination of an emperor by rebels . 
  it 's not like that today . 
  sure , be skeptic , but do n't insult your allies at every turn . 
  last time i checked , europe was quite capable of projecting to africa on their own . 
  in fact , europe is in africa , without the us , of their own accord , using their own equipment . 
  also , i do n't know of any free equipment gifted to any european country by the us . 
  i also have no idea what you 're referring to when talking about broomsticks and three weeks of bombs ... 
  http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/topics_67655.htm looks like they do pay for a good portion of their defence . 
  which was agreed by them and the us . 
  get off the high horse please . 
  sort by new . 
  you 'll find a neverending supply of salt . 
  they pay the second largest amount after the us . 
  this is an agreed amount by both countries . 
   i do n't really see what the us has done specifically to earn the distrust of europeans to this extent . 
  europeans really do n't approve of the spying , the foreign invasions , disregard for individual privacy , american foreign policy ( trump travel bans for example ) ... etc. 
  i ca n't think of specific things outside those for now . 
   germany likes to blame on usa is almost 100 % the fault of uk and france i 've never seen anyone blame it on the us . 
  but i 've also never seen the blame placed on the uk or france . 
  sources please .
