  if you think that is not oversight , i do n't know what is . 
   sounds good , that would be downvoted if he added he did n't want the eu at all though eh ... 
  he said he 's in support of a further integrated eu ... `` i 'm more of a federationist '' . 
  besides , your argument is that you ca n't criticise the eu , yet you appeared to take his comment as though he was against the eu ? 
  what ? 
   it 's also noticeably less upvoted than the lithuanian guy . 
  as was the irishman , and the dutch , and the french ... take any reddit post , and go down a comment chain . 
  you will find that those later in a comment chain generally receive less upvotes , with the occasional exception . 
  on top of that , the parent comment had put in a considerable amount of effort into writing his post compared . 
  a variance in upvotes is to be expected . 
   it 's not saying it 's all great ... because it 's not , `` all great '' . 
  but those that commented , have those opinions that it is good . 
  and those opinions are reflected in the eurobarometer , where most countries do like the eu ( eu avg . 
  35 % positive , 38 % neutral , and 25 % negative ) . 
  i spent 10 seconds googling and found quite a few posts of people expressing their opinions on the eu , and not all of them were positive , as should be expected . 
  yet they were n't downvoted . 
  sure , some ( admittedly , for the eu ) had far more upvotes than others , but none of them were attacked for not being for the eu . 
  and yes , i did note the dudes comment about going for the `` brexit stawman '' . 
  i am perfectly fine with criticising the eu - i am not ok with false statements . 
  i 'll return to my original statement . 
  / r/europe is quite open to criticising the eu . 
  `` that does not mean they were n't responsible for the terrible things they did . '', 
  my argument is not that they were not in the wrong , it 's against the popular , but false statement that they started it . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  just that they started it . 
  yes , they did escalate it , hugely . 
  that does not mean they started it . 
   `` also , it is silly to say that the `` efficiency '' of a bloc ( for lack of a better term ) is dependant on the size . '', 
  i had intended to say that it is dependant on the number of member states . 
  the term `` efficiency '' is my own , i could n't think of another word to describe what i was thinking . 
  and yes , i referenced your original comment , because that 's what started this comment chain . 
  i commented against the idea that the eu is the `` least successful free trade zone '' ( which it is not , as the figures show ) . 
  i am not attacking the idea that there 's nothing wrong anything other than the economy . 
  i know there are problems with the eu , i will freely point them out , but that is not the point i came here to make . 
  but , you ignore facts , so i guess there 's no point in continuing this argument . 
  i agree wholeheartedly !, 
  that thought process is taught in one of the subjects here in ireland . 
  i believe it should be promoted further , teaching everyone that thought process , rather than , as you suggest `` s/he 's evil '' sort of deal . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm sure citizens do n't want to obey laws requiring them to pay tax either , but we all have to deal with that ? 
  they knew joining the eu this is how it would be run . 
  if they did n't want it that way , then do n't join !, 
  besides , other eu countries are n't going to just screw over each other for the fun of it . 
  the eu wants ireland to change it 's tax rate , and has considered a law to do that , but last i checked , it was n't going anywhere . 
  if you think that we 're at each other 's throats , you 're delusional . 
   do you talk to people this way irl when they disagree with you ? 
  no , only when they 're not making an effort to fact check what they 're saying . 
  how you wish to describe yourself is up to you . 
  personally i do n't care if you 're left , right , centre , liberal , straight , lgbtq , or identify as an attack helicopter . 
  what i do care about though , is people spewing false facts/alt news/that sort of thing . 
   i blame my country 's government everyday . 
  no need to remind me . 
  what i want to avoid is yet another governing body interfering in my life that i have even less control over . 
  sure , i am not fond of a lot of things my country 's government does either . 
  i 'm also not in support of a federal europe right now . 
  i too , want to make the eu a more democratic institution , rather than it 's current state . 
   i do n't have the time to read up on all those referendums , but a unified patent court is n't exactly my biggest gripe with the eu . 
  i have n't got a clue what 99 % of those referendums were about either . 
  i also do n't care if there is or is n't a `` patent court '' in the eu ( mainly because i do n't know enough about that sort of thing right now ) . 
   no one wanted the euro when asked . 
  my country seems pretty cool with having the euro . 
  dunno about others though . 
  i do know that 41 % turnout does n't mean that they were for/against it though , just that they were n't invested enough to vote . 
   but let 's not ask other nations that question anymore i 'm sorry , but what question ? 
  pretty sure the lisbon treaty changes cover the things which we actually care about . 
  `` the taoiseach , who held private talks with gordon brown yesterday , won guarantees from european union leaders that irish policies on tax , abortion and military neutrality would not be affected by ireland ratifying the treaty . '', 
   greece did n't like the bail-out . 
  we do n't either . 
  does n't mean we 're throwing our toys out of the pram over our failures . 
   uk does n't like the eu i 'll give you that , with roughly 51 % of the country deciding to leave the eu . 
   denmark did n't like the eu could 've fooled the eubarometer : 32 % for , 43 % neutral , 23 % against . 
   hungary does n't want the eu to meddle in internal affairs . 
  sure , i can understand that . 
   the poor countries in eastern and southern europe are bullied into joining for economic reasons . 
  so , like spain and italy in the south ? 
  [ or croatia as they celebrate ? 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-23118035 ) or maybe serbia as they elect someone who wants them to join the eu ( while the eu agrees that they wo n't interfere with serbia 's wishes re : kosovo ) ? 
  yeah ... 
  those laws , which are drafted by those they elect ( indirectly ) and approved by those they elect ( directly ) ? 
  http://news.bbc.co.uk/democracylive/hi/guides/newsid_8126000/8126903.stm i literally ca n't make this any easier for you . 
  and if you refuse to show proof , then your argument collapses . 
  tell me again how germany runs the eu , when theresa may refused to accept more refugees when the eu wanted her to , or how ireland has refused to change it 's corporate tax rate , despite calls from eu countries to do so ? 
  ah , that would explain it . 
  http://imgur.com/a/has3a.jpg when i tried to reply to you , it showed a `` this message has been deleted '' message to me . 
  ok , i 'll admit , there are more muslims in france than i realised . 
  you 're taking values for the entire world of islam and applying it to muslims in france . 
  there is likely a separation of those who want extreme islam , and those who are moderates , geographically . 
  that said , i do n't think there are any statistics for how many of each `` level '' of these there are . 
  hey grumpyfinn , i 'd imagine there are quite a few new reports . 
  can we have an update please ? 
  cheers !, 
  damn it , he deleted just as i was typing . 
  thanks for the information !, 
  i 'll read up on it now . 
  i was clueless to this . 
  yes , i could look at it in terms of land mass . 
  also , it is silly to say that the `` efficiency '' of a bloc ( for lack of a better term ) is dependant on the size . 
  take a look again at the statistics i provided . 
  26 states together , are just ahead of a single country , the usa . 
  your comment was , and i quote `` least successful ] free trade zone '' .
