\u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af you have to add 2 backslashes for it to work on reddit , 
  i love my country , but i can not approve of this . 
  everyone has the right to a trial . 
  i am more than happy to have them deported , as long as they can be proven to be supporting extremists . 
  otherwise the system can , and likely will , be abused . 
  tbh i 'm kinda interested in seeing more data as to how these countries have similar ideals , trade links , etc. 
  wonder if it could actually be a thing . 
  according to this study conducted by the european commission general of communication in 2014 with people from `` the 28 member states of the european union ( eu ) , the five candidate countries ( the former yugoslav republic of macedonia , turkey , iceland , montenegro and serbia ) , and the turkish cypriot community in the area of the country not controlled by the government of the republic of cyprus . '', 
  : 39 % of the eu 28 considered themselves by their own nation only , 51 % considered themselves european and their nationality , 6 % nationality and european , 2 % european only and 59 % considered themselves totally `` european '' . 
  34 % of the euro area considered themselves by their own nation only , 54 % considered themselves european and their nationality , 7 % nationality and european , 2 % european only and 63 % considered themselves totally `` european '' . 
  sources : http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb81/eb81_citizen_en.pdf personal input : unfortunately , i think this offers little insight into the feelings of those who are in `` europe '' but who were not members of the eu or citizens of those countries not surveyed . 
  thus , this gives an insight to the in the eu ( plus a few ) , but does not necessarily give an accurate representation of the entirety of `` europe '' . 
  additionally , the data could be biased towards the eu . 
  thank you . 
  sources to your claim . 
  i do n't read french news , and would n't know where to start , what websites are reliable , etc. 
  to break it down from your link ...  give 500,000 $ to his wife who 's doing nothing . 
  so far it 's only been accused that she 's done nothing , only preliminary probes are in place . 
   hire his 2 sons as lawyers when they were only students and could n't work as lawyer . 
  your article said nothing about that , but from a different article : `` it claims that the conservative presidential candidate also employed two of his five children as parliamentary assistants while he was a senator , earning a further 84,000 euros . 
  under french law it is not illegal for mps to employ family members as assistants , provided they actually do the work . '', 
  this article also does n't say anything about them only being students and unable to work as lawyers . 
   pretends he 's clear and only have one bank account ; when mps do need a mandatory second bank account for their parliamentary pension . 
  neither articles that i 've read have said anything about that claim . 
   `` i say no to institutionalized assistance ! '', 
  google returns nothing when i search that quote . 
   only have one bank account ; when mps do need a mandatory second bank account for their parliamentary pension . 
  ca n't find anything relating to that either . 
  that is why i ask for sources . 
  while even just being investigated for giving 500,000 $ to his wife is suspicious enough , along with hiring his sons , there is a lack of evidence regarding the rest of the claims ( and that his sons are n't permitted to work as laywers ) as i can find . 
  sources : http://www.france24.com/en/20170130-french-presidential-hopeful-francois-fillon-wife-fake-job-probe http://www.france24.com/en/20170131-french-candidate-fillon-wife-children-jobs-parliament-penelope, 
  sources , please . 
  genuinely interested . 
  the small islands around ireland , if i recall correctly , are referred to as irish islands , part of the emerald isles . 
  what ? 
  now see luxemberg . 
  and here i am in ireland , melting at 26 *, 
  `` helium bombs '' ... eeeeh ... lol ? 
  the data i 'm looking at reads `` last update : 16/07/2015 '' , article june 2016 . 
  our tax laws are perfectly acceptable . 
  regardless , potato_mc_whisky 's example is just one of many . 
  my main point is that nearly everyone on this sub talks as though they are experts on irish history , policy , politics and economics . 
  however , if any of these people had actually lived here for any decent time in their lives , they would realise why we have such a low tax value . 
  in fact , someone brought up a few examples in a detailed post , summarising a few of the many reasons ireland is the way it is . 
  yet extremely few came up with any arguments that did n't have a good explanation for it . 
   the net amount received is getting larger . 
  gee , it 's almost as if the economy is improving !, 
   member states ' operating budgetary balances are calculated based on data on the allocation of eu expenditure by member state and on member states ' contributions to the eu budget . 
  it is , however , important to point out that estimating operating budgetary balances is merely an accounting exercise that shows certain financial costs and benefits derived from the eu by each member state . 
  furthermore , this accounting allocation is non-exhaustive and gives no indication of the many other benefits arising from eu policies such as those relating to the single market and economic integration , not to mention political stability and security . 
  also , if you looked at the data since 2000 , you would see that we have been receiving considerably less over time , contrary to your claim that the net amount received is getting larger . 
  a one year difference is not representative . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/budget/financialreport/2014/annex/3/index_en.html i do n't know why one graph seems to contradict the news article , but i am sure people who do such for a living are going to double check before publishing something , which was released more recently than the table was actually updated . 
  `` facts ? 
  from an irish person ? 
  pft , they do n't matter , they 're tax parasites ! '', 
  we now contribute more than we receive . 
  best of luck in the next few years go for latvia then . 
  you 've just proven my point tho . 
  they realised they could n't keep the fight up , and that the offer was a good deal . 
  the ira of the past , is not the same as the ira of today . 
  they had reasons . 
  the current ira does not . 
  do you really expect de valera not to release those who had helped put him in power/fight for independence ? 
  also , reading [ here ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/michael-collins-and-anti-treaty-side-did-deal-to-encourage-trouble-in-north-1.1949924 ) the point was to avert a civil war , by projecting hostilities north . 
  at the time , there still would have been reason for them to consider doing so , as they would have believed those in the north were just as oppressed as those in the south , and wanted independence . 
  the same is not true today . 
  edit : regardless , you 're trying to devolve the situation by comparing the modern day ira to the original ira . 
  they are not the same , in any shape or form . 
  the modern ira have no legitimate purpose nor will they help achieve a united ireland . 
  they must end . 
  what u/vokegaf said . 
  those people had a reason to fight . 
  the current ones do not . 
  thanks for the response , was interesting . 
  hope all goes well during the elections , and afterwards . 
  it failed , but these people are still there . 
  that 's whats sad . 
  amen . 
  yes , thankfully most people in ireland , north and south , both fully despise these actions and the people involved . 
  i am saddened that they exist at all though , and still have the means and investment to keep trying . 
  i pity them , having no other purpose than to try cause despair , and are so ignorant not to realise the effects of their actions . 
  regardless , the people of the republic , and i believe of the north , wish nothing more than to link arms and look forward to the future . 
  i appreciate the reply . 
  a lot of pro-eu supporting parties then . 
  how come no. 2 won the election last ? 
  what was their platform ? 
  and why has it slipped down so far as `` who can provide the most free shit '' ? 
  oh , right . 
  yes , big powers do like to get to preach , which is part of what i am trying to say above . 
  they preach , but will gleefully ignore their own actions and consequences . 
  i did not know anything about our sugar industry , and coal was the first to come to mind . 
  a list could be made , but i did not see the point . 
  you are both inane and blind . 
  the characters you mention ( michael collins , de valera , etc. ), 
  did anything but lack character , or were insincere , and most definitely were anything but `` true republicans '' . 
  these people realised that the irish neither wanted to nor could they continue to fight a war , which would gain little and cost much , particularly in lives . 
  they realised the benefits of the agreement they were offered . 
  they realised peace had far more benefits , than continued war would ever give . 
  making that decision was not a popular one , even among it 's supporters in the da\u00edl .
