  til the eu is just a big ruse set up by the belgians to get the fuck out of belgium . 
  not a single person , huh ? 
  trying to create division in europe . 
  lucky for us they 're pretty bad at that stuff . 
  romania has been stepping it up lately . 
  few significant industrial contracts , dacia kicking butt , now this . 
  keep it up mates . 
  ... what the fuck ? 
  i 'm very much anti-orb\u00e1n , but hungarian officials are hungarian officials , man . 
  little extreme to pull this one , and maybe should result in an eu-us conversation . 
  guess we 'll make an exception and not have them join the third reich then . 
  not sure about this move . 
  you piss off kosovo , you * might * win over some heads in serbia . 
  seems like a lose-maybe , which is a little risky when you take that shit public . 
  dutch boy used hair product . 
  it 's super effective . 
  i 'm saying your reply was completely and utterly irrelevant , other than requiring me to say `` the upper class consumes differently than 10 members of the middle class while employing the same capital . '' . 
  semantics . 
  hardly anyone gives a shit about zwarte piet , this is n't about zwarte piet , this is about the consistent defeats suffered by the dutch identity for the sake of social cohesion with those who themselves care not for it . 
  this is about the multiculturalist tendency to promise that , after tearing just one more part out of dutch culture , all will be well and good , oh wait one more , oh wait just one more , one more , you 're not racist are you ? 
  one more . 
  oh now you 're nice and bloody , how about we take that out as well . 
  stop yelling , you fucking skinhead . 
  ~ ~ die . ~ ~ just one more piece . 
  racist . 
  one more piece . 
  probably the movement of capital away from the middle class into the elite . 
  a millionaire consumes differently than 10 members of the middle class while employing the same capital . 
  the multiculturalists will always have their excuse for the piece of dutch identity they aim to destroy at the time - regardless of the merits of the tradition , it is time to put this to a halt . 
  no more endless chopping away at our identity , no more pandering to the communities that do not contribute , no more surrender . 
  the people of the netherlands will only intensify their aggression and action against the grachtengordel false elite . 
  tl ; dr the issue is irrelevant , the movements behind it will define where we move as a nation . 
  i understand you 're an idiot who thinks kurds would rather eat bullets than be uneasy with allies . 
   who 's paying them to be here , and what is their mission . 
  how long do you think this conversation will take ? 
   should we even trust them with anything sensitive ? ' . 
  they do n't immediately have to have em run covert ops . 
  it shows your utter failure to even slightly grasp what 's going on over there . 
  the kurds are not having a cup of nespresso in a sky-scraper discussing an oversees military conflict in between matters of public transport and university policy , they 're fighting against an incoming wave of genocide that is a short jog away . 
   yeah ? 
  you think that if some guy from brazil showed up in the us and said ` hey , i want to help you guys fight in iraq ' , they 'd just let them in ? 
  if some guy from brazil showed up in the us , as american children were being raped , sold , then raped some more , as bullets were dropping american men by the dozen , and said ` hey , i want to help you guys stop being massacred ' , they 'd just allow him to fight ? 
  yes . 
  such petrodollar , many cia , very homosex , much jewish , wow . 
  way too extreme . 
  there is quite a bit of game , deer and boar mostly . 
  they are closely monitored by rangers and policy is build to strengthen their numbers when necessary . 
  hunting is an enormous hassle though , due to sheer volume of bureaucratic nonsense you 'll have to deal with . 
  mostly it 's only allowed in autumn and winter , if a if b if c if d if e if g , etc. 
  ---------------------------------- not all man-made forests look like the one in the picture though , there 's plenty of forests made to look rather natural . 
  * ( someone who knows real forests can probably realise he 's walking in man-made ones though ) *, 
  in the netherlands it is , because immigrants vote almost exclusively left-wing . 
  the more immigrants you can pull into the nation , the more votes you 're going to get , from a labour / socialist ( pvda / sp ) perspective . 
  the result is that if you just keep the immigration count as high as possible for as long as you can , the democratic sways of the nation will move to the left - not because the dutch are moving left , but because the dutch are becoming less relevant with regards to their nation . 
  in the netherlands it 's different - many political parties have declared cordon sanitaire , meaning wilders will be completely ignored and isolated , effectively rendering him powerless unless he wins the majority of seats or if he just votes on stuff other parties are pushing . 
  this means voting for the pvv has become more of a statement rather than actual political action . 
  this willingness of the political establishment to ignore the democratic vote of such a large percentage of the population is one of the reasons nationalist movements are gaining traction . 
  when you are banned from public discourse , conversation moves to other realms . 
  after all , cars age like a fine wine . 
  that 's just . 
  lol . 
  that 's just a blank attack mate . 
  you could literally . 
  hehe . 
  you 're pretty funny , upvote :p . haha . 
   moscow is worried that the russian market could be flooded by cheap goods from the eu that would hit russian producers . 
  mate , if your products are more expensive than european products you 're doing something seriously wrong . 
  or because this has been talked about around 18.321.532 times the past year . 
  witness statement by one of the students . 
  it 'll probably come up today or tomorrow . 
  fun fact : there are ** no natural forests ** in the netherlands . 
  all of it is created and maintained by people . 
  there you go . 
  sell weapons to muslims like normal people . 
  culture has a significant influence on someone 's actions , whether related to subject matter or not . 
  15 year old kid in the netherlands just got stabbed to death by a 16 year old moroccan * ( few hours ago ) * , with news casters going `` wow , this is flabbergasting . 
  disastrous . 
  who would 've thought . 
  this is madness . 
  why , in god 's name ! '' . 
  shit can only be stacked so high before the smell becomes undeniable . 
  please admit there is a problem with islam in europe . 
  please set up reasonable and calm organisations to analyse and deal with these problems . 
  i do not want this continent to be run by populist morons like the pvv or fn , but that 's exactly what will happen if we keep ignoring the fact that we are currently suffering from islam . 
  to clear up : it 's not the religion that 's the problem , guys like wilders say that stuff because it 's nice and simple . 
  it 's culture that 's the problem , and culture ca n't be denounced or stepped away from , it 's inherent to who you are and who your kids are going to be , it affects all you do . 
  hilarity : andre ( lenin ) comes in to rob a security station , finds it 's already been looted three times and ends up with nothing . 
  upon returning to his van , he finds that he himself has been robbed . 
  andrey ( lenin ) gets pissed off at the new government , saying they 're taking everything for themselves . 
  * ( he 's mad he did n't get a strong position , motherfucker you got half your shit stolen whose going to give you a job ? 
  ) * vladimir 's response is ` what did we steal ? 
  ' , staying calm and being afraid to say ` motherfucker we got nothing . 
  running a country is difficult shit ' . 
  * ( do we have funds , do we have funds ? 
  ) * lackey angrily yells `` who voted for you to be in charge !? '', 
  at vladimir . 
  they seem to have just pulled basic cold war people movements , i.e. 
  the candidate pm has grandparents from eastern ukraine but is a born , raised and educated citizen of moscow himself . 
  the looting , which is of course done by the fascists from kiev , is to be stopped by clearing out pro-russian fighters ... ... because clearing out pro-russian fighters , facist , looting , kiev , i mean , hitlernazi , america , fuck . 
  why does beijing matter so much if it 's in china ?
