it 's almost like economics is not a deterministic science and media-centric publications tend to misconstrue reality for the sake of click-bait . 
   i have no idea why you think that they 'll matter in this conflict though . 
  if russia is able to escalate an international conflict to a point where the majority of the planet 's population considers russia the morally superior player against an evil imperialist west , this will have grave consequences in the long term and is something western leaders will feel the pressure of . 
  ` the west ' has been working fairly hard in recent years to integrate other valuable nations into its systems - i think we 'd actually like south america to become part of ` the west ' , and china seems to be maturing into a healthy state as well . 
  * ( not all that sure about india , they freak a lot of people out . 
  ) * a change from cooperation-oriented to aggression-oriented , no matter how the scales are balanced , would be a big problem . 
  the main threat is not so much if brics will hit the west economically - this simply wo n't happen , russia is insignificant , they wo n't do it . 
  but how will they ** feel ** about the ukraine-russia conflict ? 
  their emotions , their persuasions , their thoughts . 
  these things matter more than us ` rational ' humans are willing to admit . 
  ukraine and russia are so vastly different i dare say it 's impossible to compare with the same arguments - ukraine will have the full support of eu institutions , who have quite a bit of experience with helping formerly-dominated-by-russia eastern european nations transcend past limitations . 
  furthermore , ukrainian wealth will have to come from its people , which has a far stronger tendency to move towards democracy . 
  * ( where the wealth is , is the power . 
  ) * ukrainian leadership generally has n't been all that bad . 
  * ( this incl . 
  ) * i could go on . 
  russia and ukraine ca n't really be discussed with the same arguments . 
  essentially , yes . 
  there are reasons men treated women far worse in the past - one of those reasons was that women really could do fairly little about it . 
  what was out there for a divorced woman ? 
  what is out there for a russia without putin ? 
  democracy is not going to happen , it has to be dictatorship - so what dictator will be the follow-up to putin ? 
  my only problem with the idea of getting rid of putin is , who is going to take over ? 
  ------------------------------------------ when perceiving russia 's post-putin political future , i make two assumptions : 1 . 
  there will not be a democracy . 
  this does n't seem viable for a nation like russia - your wealth is in resources , this naturally gravitates towards oligarch systems and oligarch systems prefer autocracy . 
  the absolutely massive leap you 'd need in institutions / corruption-fighting / civil society can only be realised by eu membership , which is nigh impossible . 
  * ( maybe a bit better if the uk leaves , but then western europe would still have to convince eastern europe . 
  the next leader will likely be worse . 
  russia has had a history of * horrific * leaders , putin is a bastion of restraint and compassion relative to many a previous leader . 
  the likelihood of a worse leader is further expanded due to europeans being unlikely to want to aid the russian population after 2008 and 2014 . 
  so who would be your next leader ? 
  a different oligarch with more charisma ? 
  a different hardline soviet ? 
  someone who will give free market capitalism another go in your country , right after putin has severely damaged the ability of russian society to engage in it ? 
  i see nothing but bad news that can come from ditching putin - i dislike putin , i dislike russia , but he is by far the best thing you 've got going , even when poverty goes back on the rise . 
  a bridge too far . 
  any idea what his vision is ? 
  what does he want to do ? 
  ** yes !, 
  ** suck it finland , ahaha !, 
  finally the netherlands scores above the fucking finns for once . 
  armor actually eats fuel like a motherfucker . 
  need a steady supply of the stuff to keep those tanks rolling . 
   all russians i 've spoken to ( i work with russians and study with them in an international course in uni ) are not against the things in ukraine and crimea , however no one wants anything like that here . 
  there is no opression and we 're not turning into a fascist utopia much as the russian officials love to paint it so . 
  this is still extremely dangerous , because the ` fascist nazi threat ' can be created by the russian media on command of putin . 
  shills do n't have time for your petty ` reading ' , they 've got comments to post . 
  china is staying out of this - they will not side with russia * ( the notion is hilarious ) * , they will not side with the west * ( there 's no reason , they 're good with us either way ) * . 
  syria will play a vital role in this - russia can pull this shit because their buddy assad is blocking the qatar-turkey pipeline . 
  * ( all they need is to connect it to turkey , who already has the infrastructure to then start moving it to europe ) * i 'd honestly guess that most of isis is set up to attack assad / give nato reasons to scout ahead in syria for a potential attack on assad . 
  if a non-russian aligned guy is put in charge of that country the energy situation of europe would shift rather quickly . 
  this moron actually believes russia was going to give ukraine a good gas deal if the eu insisted ? 
  you 're laughing now , but when everyone gets ebola in 30 minutes you 'll be sorry . 
  of course you can stop ebola in 3 easy isteps ^ ^ * sponsoredbyapple * , more on that in 10 minutes after these commercials . 
  are you ever not completely satisfied ? 
  you might be suffering from arersdedogmnism , ask your doctor about hp12enzgood4u today !, 
  freedom for eastern europe , freedom for the caucasus . 
  that 's actually pretty much it . 
  it would help if they 'd look into european culture a bit more . 
  they 'd stop getting so offended and insecure when they see europeans going off on them . 
  we go off on everyone , friends and foes , all the same . 
  the dutch trash america , the uk , germany and belgium a lot more than they trash russia , welcome to europe . 
  in the end i 'd love for them to switch away from the ` orthodoxy , autocracy and nationality ' triad , but all this is secondary in nature to the freedoms of their neighbours , which would be enough for me to like them . 
  this guy is a great addition to / r/europe . 
  i have an enormous appreciation for eastern asia , china/japan/korea - i dare say with confidence that , had us europeans not been around , it would 've been eastern asia that had come to lead the world for a significant period of time . 
  their history is amazing , the efforts of their peoples impressive , their choices for where to take their societies healthy * ( excl . 
  in a world with africa and the middle east , i 'm quite happy asia is around too - even though we 're not the closest of allies . 
  as someone who is significantly anti-russian , this reeks of nonsense propaganda . 
  europeans tend to be very up-front with criticism , which can come across as ` racist ' or ` discriminatory ' or whichever word they might pick to excuse to their hurt feelings . 
  it 's an effect of living on this continent . 
   once they have achieved this the germans are going to run europe even more as their own personal fiefdom , fucking it over with ever greater relish . 
  it 's this animosity that 's a problem . 
  germany is not here to screw over every european across its own border . 
  calm down . 
  criticise , resist , demand reforms - go ahead !, 
  just calm down a little bit . 
  how reliable are surveys / polls in spain ? 
  hahahahaha . 
  of course it does n't . 
  you do n't think as tensions escalate the russians are going to limit themselves by sticking to these deals ? 
  there is no security , we 've got to stay vigilant on this stuff . 
  would 've been somewhat funny if a ukrainian sniper ended up shooting that guy in return fire . 
  * `` i shot who !? 
  fuck , that guy was hilarious . 
  see , i think if you 'd end up tossing them over the urals , their utterly weak state will be a convincing factor in the call to take siberia . 
  maybe give the chinese a significant part of it . 
  * ( neither of us really needs to take 100 % , sure we 'd both want it , but both would be fine just paying for it . 
  ) * we 'd be border buddies . 
  japan too , iirc . 
  chechnya is in the clear . 
  give the caucasus some breathing space . 
  the russians ? 
  i 'm sure their buddies venezuela , zimbabwe and north korea are willing to give them some love . 
  * i 'm really into ` what if scenarios ' . 
  the west is done listening to putin . 
  you do n't lie about your actions for months , incl . 
  those of invasion and annexation , and then demand people listen to your words . 
  you 're a deceitful piece of shit and we 'll judge you by your actions instead of your words , you deluded fuck . 
  no words , neither in english nor my native tongue , can describe the amount of respect i have for these men .
