  heroes . 
  i hope for nothing but greatness for ukraine . 
  right , they 'd probably be able to sit on the baltics for a week or two - then they 'd either have to say `` these are the new borders , if you touch them we nuke you . '', 
  or they 'll be completely and utterly overrun by nato conventionals . 
   nato has not enough forces to drive them off conventionally . 
  nato conventionals absolutely annihilate russia 's . 
  it 's not even comparable . 
  where did you get this idea ? 
  the russians are a highly aggressive nuke-armed autocracy - i 'd love for europe to go in and stabilise , but that could mean russian attacks on finland/sweden * ( escalation ) * or , worst-case , the baltics / poland . 
  * ( war ) * . 
   hahahahaha `` war on european soil '' as if war on `` non-european soil '' is some how better or more acceptable yes , this is the case for / r/europe . 
  why is this not obvious to you ? 
  he had a pretty rough life . 
  * ( thrown out of the house by his parents at age 5 , five , because they had too many kids . 
  ) * ended up living in some dude 's barn learning how to build shit , and that was his education . 
  yeah . 
  cinema experience is one of those things where eu-us competition is a bit silly . 
  do whatever fits with the culture . 
  reverse trianon !, 
  my hungarian grandfather hated three peoples , # 1 russians * ( he fought in the hungarian revolution , remained furious at anything ussr his entire life ) * , # 2 romanians * ( 1920 trianon , very angry . 
  ) * , # 3 turkish people * ( 1526 , utter defeat of hungary by the ottomans , quite mad ) * . 
  europeans hold grudges like no man . 
  * ( side note : he 's quite old , i expect there to be quite a few differences between then ( his generation ) and now ( current generations ) . 
  that 's why we need to solve the problems with the roma through actual solutions , and not repeat the same deluded dream we 've been having for hundreds of years . 
  they probably have quite a few of them . 
   north korea ? 
  you can not be serious . 
  the moment we believe north korea has nukes that actually work , then we will start to take them as a threat and react accordingly . 
  you 're such a fucking idiot . 
  look up the location of seoul on google maps - if they can hit seoul , they wo n't be touched . 
  you honestly think a regime like north korea could be doing what it 's doing without nukes ? 
  no way in hell . 
   as for your second statement , i fail to see your point . 
  i honestly can not write it more simple . 
  another sign of your lack of intellect . 
   nukes are not the deterrant they once were , and most definatley would not stop a decision to invade cookcook , cookcook . 
  we 're done , i will no longer be replying to you . 
  this is the dumbest thing i 've heard so far this year . 
  because nations differ ? 
  this is a really odd thing to say . 
  because the baltics want american troops , iran does too ? 
  i 'm against both iran and iraq getting nukes , but from their own pov it was/is absolutely vital they get them . 
  you 're telling me you 'd be surprised if america attacked a country they themselves helped arm ? 
   the notion that a nation can get away with whatever it wants , just because it has nukes , is not only incorrect , it is insane . 
  north korea . 
   nukes would n't have stopped the us from invading iraq . 
  you 're telling me america would 've accepted the death of all israelis just to invade iraq ? 
   that 's the equivalent of saying if hitler had nukes , noone would have tried to stop him from doing what he did and we would all just sit-by watching ... no , because the nations america attacks are generally * defensive * . 
  vietnam , defensive - iraq , defensive - libya , defensive - afghanistan , defensive . 
  the nations america attacks are n't conquering other nations . 
  as for the atrocities hitler committed - yes , you 'd just sit by if he had nukes . 
  we 're just sitting by north korea . 
  maybe this is the first time the american media brings this conversation . 
  much of europe has already had it , and the underscorer * ( coining it , ca n't be fucked . 
  ) * has generally been the usa . 
  iraq should 've had nukes , iran should get nukes asap , pakistan is happy they 've got nukes - why ? 
  america , america , america . 
  again though , i need to stress , big fan of the usa and by no means hating . 
  when a country is n't going your way , that seems like a pretty prime time to have your ambassador around . 
  it 's hilarious to see someone with american flair make this statement . 
  it 's completely valid , and you 're utterly correct , but it 's not a russian invasion most of the world is scared about . 
  * ( not criticising , i love me some america . 
  a wholesome people . 
  yeah , fuck the dutch . 
  the rebels murder near 200 of our countrymen , kidnap journalists , and we wo n't even trust them ? 
  shame on us , shame !, 
  while i often disagreed , thank you for your hard work . 
  i actually like asians * ( japanese , koreans and chinese specifically ) * more than most other foreigners . 
  they 're quite skilled at ` society ' * ( as opposed to africans / arabs ) * and generally fit in and behave appropriately rather well . 
  some foreigners tend to get a little phased by the dozens of institutions all affecting your life , have n't seen it hit asians that hard . 
  would probably be even scarier without the immigrants . 
  * ( + tchaikovsky ) * russians writers really hit the spot for me . 
  because the new price will be higher than the old price for many nations . 
  probably true in some countries . 
  it 's the most common sandwich spread in the netherlands though . 
  unacceptable . 
  you call all bosnians cunts right now , mister . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwfiscbphei i think this is the one . 
  the turkish pm actually seems like a really swell guy . 
  watched a long interview with the guy chatting about isis/daesh , where he made some of the most intelligent notes on the entire conflict i 've heard so far . 
  the idiocy is in the delivery - this news should have been delivered far more intelligently . 
  in the netherlands the labour party * ( pro eu ) * is currently collapsing , which might result in a massive boost for the socialist party * ( this trend has been projected before , yet failed to realise ) * . 
  the socialist party is quite anti-eu . 
  geert wilders ' pvv is also likely to end strong , as foreign pressure continues to threaten the dutch identity across the board . 
  the pvv is very anti-eu . 
  people always talk about ukip this and ukip that , because it 's one single party part of an already publicaly eurosceptic nation . 
  but bullshit like this ` give us 700 mil now . ', 
  might just push the netherlands too in becoming very anti-eu in a mere 1 or 2 elections . 
  the eu should be far more careful to how it treats many of its member states . 
  it 's not just the uk that is questioning the current model of unification . 
  was n't sure if the same difference applied , between taxi stands and ordered taxis that is , internationally . 
  this . 
  tip for traveling in the netherlands - * call * a taxi . 
  there 's a taxi in front of you , conveniently placed right outside the train station ? 
  shut up . 
  call a taxi . 
  pretty weak article - not a lot of meat , not a lot of new , not very interesting , while riddled with questionable statements and views . 
  i got nothing . 
  not even a little . 
  impressive .
