what do you mean by `` guess just hope you are in 5 % and enjoy the ride to the bottom '' ? 
  you are taking it like i 'm okay with it . 
  i 'm not , and i do my part , but i ca n't exactly inspire the american people to actually support meaningful political change . 
  it 's more being resigned to the fact that despite any efforts made , americans will be complacent until things go awfully . 
  americans could n't be bothered to protest under nearly any circumstances . 
  things will have to get pretty bad before actual change happens , especially given that everyone here believes they are part of the middle class ( people on public assistance will sometimes even believe they are middle class ) . 
  i guess just hope you are in the top 5 % and enjoy this ride to the bottom . 
  i ca n't deny that . 
  but when even vaguely socialistic ideas are assaulted like they are godless communist inventions to destroy america , i 'm not sure we can have anything but uncontrolled capitalism . 
   progressive upswing this seems awfully optimistic , and i have n't seen anything to suggest this . 
  we have a ton of deeply rooted problems i do n't see going away any time soon . 
  our national debt , our increasing income disparity , the lack of work which will only get worse with automation , the increasing manipulation of our political system , etc. 
  they are all problems that will take a ton of work to fix , and our government does n't seem too interested in working at all currently . 
  not unfixable , and does n't make america total shit , but will certainly be our ruin without eventual intervention . 
  that said , i think this is quickly becoming unrelated to the topic at hand . 
   prepare for maximum butthurt why ? 
  my country 's current course is going to lead to ruin , but there 's no need to get pissed at anyone but our government over it . 
  also being almost as bad as haiti hurts far more than being worse than romania . 
  100 % first try . 
  take that , american stereotypes . 
  one good invasion every 1000 years is n't bad at all . 
  protecting from the people on the continent , at least . 
  we funded the afghans fighting against the soviets , it 's not like we lack any historical precedent . 
   kick them out of the nato america is sort of the centerpiece of nato though ... 
  i wish this could catch on , but i know at least in america there is no way in hell . 
  we have a hard enough time getting off the couch to protest about our own issues , who would expect us to do it for another nation 's people ? 
  this is a very , very finnish comment . 
  that said , i think you could make a lot of money lending the bear to other nations . 
  i 've always thought it would be easy because it 's germanic . 
  to me it sounds like i 'm listening to english but my brain shut off . 
  why ca n't both be done ? 
  you do n't have limited supplies of being close to other nations ... 
  well yes , but i assume that is true for all countries that run on neo-liberal politics . 
  maybe not quite as bad in germany as america , but still bad . 
  so the mountains are going to start falling back into the earth , and this might cause an earthquake ? 
  cute little europeans believing that a campaign measured in months is long . 
  in america speculation about 2016 already happens . 
  full on campaigns start a year before elections . 
  can someone explain the tiny dot in southern germany ? 
  let 's see : * roughly 10 million people . 
  * it seems like some right-wing populists have been getting more footing in your nation recently , but i might be wrong about that . 
  * when the ottomans were invading europe in the 1500s and 1600s , hungary fell under ottoman rule for decades . 
  after that , they fell under austrian rule . 
  * they had a revolution in 1848 when they tried to free themselves of austria . 
  they lost , but the nation became austria-hungary . 
  * they were on the losing side of both world wars . 
  * after world war i , there was a short lived socialist republic led by bela kun . 
  * during world war ii , they fought with germany . 
  they took parts of slovakia and modern day ukraine , but lost it back when the soviets came . 
  their monarchy ended with soviet rule for obvious reasons . 
  * in 1956 , hungary tried to kick out the soviet rule . 
  it did n't end well for them , and soviet units were sent to hungary . 
  * that uprising , however , allowed hungary to have more freedoms , economic and personal . 
  it is known informally as goulash communism here , but i doubt you call it that . 
  :p * hungary is now an eu nation . 
  * you do n't click your glasses when toasting due to some massacre that happened . 
  * you have a strong relationship with poland . 
  * a weird as hell language that is related to finnish and some minor russian languages . 
  * hungary had ruled over slovakia for centuries , and it has bred some animosity between the two . 
  * great food . 
  paprikash is my favorite food . 
  while goulash is the most popular in america , there is obviously plenty more , and it 's wonderful . 
  * from what i 've seen , an amazingly beautiful nation . 
  * i 'd probably try to learn the language if it were n't so fucking hard . 
  so yeah , work on that . 
  not just exterminated , but exterminated and enslaved !, 
  if it 's any consolation , i enjoyed myself more in warsaw than paris . 
  but i think i 'm in the minority there . 
  perhaps it is intentionally flipped ? 
  a common symbol of protest here in america is a flipped american flag . 
  well it 's a contradiction , but for a reason . 
  allow the rich and powerful to have their `` anarchy '' to do whatever they please , but enforce strict rules on the rest to keep the current framework in place . 
  they are n't bad at it ; they are actually very , very good at what they do . 
  when the native americans are giving you relief , you know things are bad . 
  do you know what a strawman is ? 
  i just really hope europeans can learn to dislike our government without disliking americans . 
  i like you guys , and europeans seem to like americans . 
  it 's nice . 
  ahh ... the circle of ~ ~ life ~ ~ terror . 
  i 'm an atheist as well , i just think they are experiencing many of the growing pains other religions have experienced . 
  eventually , the muslim majority will begin deciding that they want to ignore the worse parts of the koran , in the same way that christians ignore the especially silly parts of the bible , like the inability to wear clothing made of two fabrics and the idea that evolution is n't real . 
  on your point of the middle east not being an impoverished wasteland , yes , i would tend to agree , but there are certainly poor parts and rich parts : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/59/gdp_nominal_per_capita_world_map_imf_2008.png even the oil rich arab states have huge wealth inequality , meaning there are plenty of poor , poorly educated people in the areas that seem rich . 
  turkey is probably one of the best off , and it is most certainly not a theocratic hellhole . 
  ultimately , only time will tell , but i think muslims do n't pose the horrific threat to the european way of life that some people think they do . 
  thanks for posting this . 
  it seems that reddit has been on a real anti-muslim spree the past few days , and i feel like i 'm one of the few people here who is n't praying for a race war . 
  sure , immigrants do pose some problems , but its not the huge , way of life ending event people on reddit think it will be . 
  in america , eastern/central/southern european immigrants were feared because they were claimed to be inherently undemocratic and unable to conform to the american way of life . 
  in the same way that i am a 4th generation american of eastern european descent and quite enjoy democracy and our general way of life , i think that 4th generation british people of arab/turk/etc . 
  descent will adopt the general values of your nation . 
  all of those statements , other than mohammed being a rapist , would be true of european christians 150 years ago . 
  given wealth , education and growing political stability that tends to come with the previous two , and it wo n't be too long before it would be hard to distinguish the liberal muslims and the liberal christians . 
  it 's not the religion that is inherently bad , it 's the piss poor people . 
  thats not what i 'm saying , and nowhere did i state i am german . 
  yes , there is pride to be found in german history , but 1933-1945 was not one of those times . 
  that is 50 + years after the fact , and germany would have certiantly been much stronger without the war . 
  germany 's military before wwii was the most powerful army on earth ( nearly defeated the world with japan and italy ) . 
  germany went from world power to european nation due to wwii . 
  they went from european conquest to a puppet state for decades in a few years of war . 
  is germany economicly strong ?
