whereas here in ireland a house is a fictional thing that rich people used to trade in the before times ( celtic tiger ) that some silly politicians keep trying to convince us still exist in some kind of crazy `` housing market '' . 
  the gauls sent their two greatest heroes to protect the stranded brits . 
  now every time the evil eu tries to annex new britainland they are defeated by the mighty asterix and obelix . 
  berlin , amsterdam , vienna , stockholm , utrecht for the top 5 . 
  most of the other top cities in north or central europe . 
  first non-euro city was kyoto at number 11 . 
  might start looking for jobs in these places . 
  when i did it first i selected that option , then remembered that i live in dublin and most rents seem low by comparison . 
  i found the safety category to be weird as well . 
  dublin scores lower than places like medill\u00edn . 
  the bit with the iguana and snakes was some of the most compelling cinematography i 've seen in a while . 
  it 's such a gorgeous show to watch . 
  the famous phrase `` never waste a good crisis . '', 
  comes to mind . 
  there 's so much room for activities this way . 
  that description is weird . 
  i get why they would include the openly gay part , simple pandering to homophobes and basic `` othering '' of the judge . 
  but the olympic fencer bit is confusing . 
  can you believe this high court judge achieved a high level of success in a ( percieved ) rich person sport . 
  this traitor hates britain so much he even represented them at the olympics . 
  can parliament vote on that or can they only vote along the same `` in-out '' question presented to the public ? 
  as in are they voting for brexit or voting to accept the advice of the public via referendum ? 
  he may have confused 15th century and 1500 's, 
  we have a nearly identical phrase '' strike while the iron is hot '' . 
  i was just being a little facetious when i mentioned the skirt and trousers part . 
  sorry if the humour did n't come across, 
  to play devil 's advocate , why not ? 
  what difference does it make to you how others identify ? 
  not trying to be snarky , i genuinely want to know . 
  the majority of all `` conditions '' ( in the broadest possible sense ) are a combination of both . 
  genetics establishes the baseline physiological traits of a person , the environment ( biological , geographic , medical , social ) then acts on that baseline to change a person over the course of their life . 
  obviously there are conditions which are 100 % one or the other but they are less common . 
  as for the priest , trousers , skirt part , they are definitely not genetic . 
  also the us is not a great location for an eu operation . 
  yeah but rent costs so much right now that you 'd have to be a millionaire to live here . 
  that is true for some jobs and less so for others . 
  it 's one of those `` sliding-scale '' issues that makes studies like this very difficult to do well . 
  the questions you have to consider to get detailed information about the real world are often too complex to fit on a pretty graph . 
  this is also a very valid point for `` non-technical '' jobs ( most jobs ) . 
  my own experience is in biological science fields where having a degree is pretty essential because there is no real world experience that can teach you proper lab technique besides being in a lab which you can only really do at college . 
  obviously it 's not a black and white divide across the whole economy . 
  a fair point . 
  how about how many are employed in roles that require a third level qualification versus those employed in unskilled or vocational sectors . 
  but we have pringles , and off-brand soft drinks . 
  yes , let the frustration flow through you . 
  come over the dark side, 
  yes , we had a vote on it last year . 
  yep , not a great thought . 
  because what we need in dublin now is * higher * rent and developers reaping the rewards . 
  no recent historical data suggests that 's a bad idea at all / s, 
  this kind of thinking is the single biggest obstacle to reunification today . 
  we can never reconcile our differences until the travesty of northern tayto has been fully eradicated . 
  most of the poles i know in dublin are lgbt or more left-leaning so that would probably explain it . 
  people here do it all the time . 
  mostly poles , and mostly complaining about poland . 
  of course that may be a biased population . 
  civil marriage and religious marriage are two different things in most places . 
  yes for religious marriage you need a church and priest and * insert specifics of chosen religion * . 
  but the legally binding part has nothing to do with religion . 
  it is a contract between two people , acknowledged by the government . 
  in ireland all it requires is signing the marriage registry together in the presence of a registrar and i believe a 3rd party witness . 
  no involvement from any church required . 
  if any of that was too technical i can try to simplify my explanation . 
  not trying to be rude , just that you mentioned english being your 3rd language . 
  i had all the comics but only remember seeing the cartoon once or twice in my whole life . 
  and the prize for `` most appropriately threatening username , comment combo '' goes to ... 
  wait what do you mean that category does n't exist ? 
  i know what it means in terms of what you use the phrase to say but i 've never given a second thought to where it came from or why it makes sense . 
  like `` going hell for leather '' i just assumed it made no sense beyond its own meaning . 
  while you 're here , am i right to assume that * plate * is another word for a base in baseball and then stepping up to the plate means going to the base you hit from ? 
  i think it 's progressed far enough beyond it 's origins now that it 's just a saying . 
  i 've said that phrase more than a few times in my life but had no idea it was a baseball thing at all until i read your comment . 
  i ca n't remember personally , does the question on the census specify that it must be spoken outside of an educational setting to count ? 
  excuse you sir or madam but i think you 'll find that `` clare sa sp\u00e9ir '' also exists . 
  [ for the curious ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtkik0rdov4 ) it 's a short film usually seen in school as part of irish language classes . 
  another good question for vampires is , what 's the funniest accent to say `` neckblood '' in ? 
  not related to your point much , just a thought i had and immediately typed out . 
  i agree . 
  personally i have no problem with czechia but never use it because most people are n't familiar enough with it so any time you say it you have to then explain that it 's the new short form for czech republic . 
  which entirely defeats the purpose . 
  i think if anything helps the name gain traction it will be that . 
  people get too lazy to type the full name then eventually start saying the new name like they type it . 
  there are a lot of people who think this way . 
  they consider us a `` modern phenomenon '' and have the attitude that we are taking `` the whole gay rights thing '' too far . 
  and this attitude is not limited to trans people . 
  there are plenty of issues people are happy to pretend do n't exist until they are brought out into public view . 
  was n't there a case there not too long ago of a teenage boy being found guilty of child porn possession because he had a naked photo of himself on his phone ? 
  which may happen over the course of brexit negotiations . 
  oh sorry , i meant diplomats , not diplomacy . 
  he might be slapped by diplomats . 
  does that make the uk the king of poland ? 
  top notch celting if i do say so myself . 
  that 's a bad way to judge what 's happening . 
  you are far more likely to see one or the other depending on your own leanings because you will likely follow more people on twitter or see more youtube videos shared by people who are presenting only one side . 
  there is n't even a breeze to lift the humidity problem at all . 
  does that not constitute obscuring/tampering with a registration/licence plate ? 
  could do the national flag inside the eu ring of stars . 
  fills it in without over cluttering it . 
  it is the superior format for this kind of political humour . 
  all hail the panel show .
