  wirh the vatican city the capital of the country called vatican . 
  whats rong wirh that ? 
  we have mething similar, 
  if it were up to me we would put a big embargo on the uk . 
  probably the rooth was torn off . 
  happens . 
   also , is n't the head of the vatican city an elected monarch , the pope ? 
  shot swer , yes . 
  long answer , vatican city is only the capital of the absolut monarchy called vatican . 
  [ continues ] ( https://youtu.be/ophriji3hxs ), 
  pleas do . 
  have you considered state suicide ? 
  austrians havent anexed us back , for now . 
  italians were kindd enouth to lose 2 world wars . 
  hungarians eppek such a weerd language i cant understand a word , and therfore do not need to deal with them . 
  whats up with all the wars . 
  awsome mice b8 thou, 
  never . 
  school is always open . 
  flods , rain , snow . 
  they used to tell us `` even if wodan stakes were to be falling out of the sky , the school would remain open '' . 
  school close only if directly efected by natural disasters or war . 
  erm , ok . expoze my lies . 
  why would i go to sleep its 15 . 
  11 wherw im at . 
  are you ok ? 
  should i call polje tell them ypu will be stopping by ? 
   lol you live in a fantasy world where slovenia is a oil country . 
  never said that . 
  but we do have acses to the panonia oil baisin we are not exploiting atm . 
   i gave you an fact , what fact ? 
  you mean the noti that a country should be able to borow at any time ? 
  i do not disagree with that notion . 
  i disagree with your aproach to debt as something normal and good . 
  it is not . 
  a country with a healthy economy does not need to borow money . 
  there are liek 5 russiand in the entire country . 
  what are you on about ? 
   people live better lol thats rich  we got more allies we are alied to the w block . 
  imagine telling our grandfaters that in the 70s ...  russia is not the only country in the world . 
  we were never alied to the e block . 
  that is just as bad . 
   we dont need an army we need to tefend ourselves  we should pay our police better instead . 
  and you claim we live better ? 
   socialism local selfmanagment, 
   if we are talking about the slovenia and most countries that operate on a fractional reserve banking system then a government unable to accumulate debt would be an economic disaster . 
  not a goverment unable to get a loan . 
  a state that does not need a loan - ever . 
  it is clear you do n't even read what i write . 
   much like how a bank is able to lend out far more money than it holds in assets able to carry that risk , if everybody takes a run on the bank then the illusion of all that borrowed money in the system is crashed and the economy takes a nose dive . 
  we maintain the illusion of course because of the simple fact that borrowing money now and quickly provides for a fast efficient economy . 
  worth noting that mosts stakes in ou banks are so called `` vpogledne vloge '' people could actualy drain our banks leaving them with only holow debt . 
  not a good sign of the healt of our economy . 
   so in essence most money introduced the system is through debt , private use money . 
  state can print more money ( concequances )  and while it is a house of cards a healthy state should not rely on . 
   the alternative would be that government would be slow and ineffective to react no the alternative would be suficiant gold , silver and foreighn curency reserves . 
  not a gigant preexisting hole of debt . 
  if a state gets too depley in debt even before it realy needs it , than it can nolonger borow at good prices , causing ... whel causing greece . 
   would periodically run the risk of ineffective services due to an extremely volatile income or we have at least 1 +1 years worth of liquid asets in the state budget plus gold reserves . 
  so that the state would realy need to be doing bad to be in a need of a loan . 
   if instead they were to print money every time they ran short then inflation would be highly volatile as well and this would cause the economy to be highly volatile a healthy economy has reserves . 
  it should not be necesary for a healthy state to borow money . 
  is that so hard to grasp ? 
  or is your serf brain too small for it ? 
   the government must be able to introduce money into the system yes  by taking on debt as it does not have a sudden effect on inflation no . 
  only in disasters should this be required , sell some stockpiled oil or something get the cash from your own production . 
  ( for example , slovenia could quickly ( even tody ) ration eletricety and sell it to other coutries for a ever so slight ptofit insted of forowing the extra 1 milion )  serbs are simply dumb , thats all . 
  pls educate yourself next time ... again with your serb fetish . 
  are you some sort of a homosexual out for foreighn dick or something ? 
  whats your fascination with serbs ? 
  im a strong advocate for even larger and stricter quotas . 
   i 'm not your buddy . 
   psych evaluations have you even been evaluated ? 
  did they deem you fit to cary a firearm ? 
  ok , you keep saying that ... 
  how many people are jobles in slovenia ? 
  how much more industry does slovenia has than it had in yu ? 
  what is the size of the slovenian army even conpared to to , not even the jna stationed in slovenia ? 
  how many friends do we have ? 
  you know kremlin consideres belgrade as a sucesor of the austrian trety , not us ... im surprized you of all people advocate for more socialism ... 
   lol ofc the russification never happend . 
  it was the estonianization ... what ? 
  are you claming estonia was not rusified ? 
  are you that stupid ? 
   no m8 obama is a muslim . 
  ok ... . . sure if you say so . 
   countries without debt are simply badly run . 
  thats simply not true . 
  if a country produces enouth surplus to pay all debt or never aquire it ( otoman enpire was a swell thing until it aquired foreighn debt ) it needs 0 debt . 
   look son slovenia is probably the best country that ever existed rabid nationalism right here  you cant compare it to yugoslavia a shithole by a different name ? 
  no you say ? 
  a bigger shithole ? 
  nooo is that even possible ? 
   its like comparing slovenian man to serbs . 
  its soo obvious . 
  rabid nationalism . 
  whats your fetish with serbs ? 
  less jobs . 
  less industry . 
  less army .
