  i say we bring back the good old days . 
  fuck this globalisation american liberalism bulshit and let us rule ourselves . 
  trow young man bac into the army and tenagers into volontere brigades . 
  you know we are not breading as much as we should because of all this phones the younglings have, 
   `` local farmer 's cow drops dead , people say it 's because of heat . '', 
  makes sense , cows have a tendency to do that xd, 
   when i was a kid it was normal to have a fight or two basically every night and in every club , these days it 's beyond uncommon . 
  the world i grew up in is gone :( where is this world going ? 
  all the kids do n't do anything these days ... 
  everione is inferiour to us of course . 
  have you no sense of nationalism ? 
  no joke my indoctrenated friend . 
  mah youre just a harmles trol . 
  ill leave you be in your ignorance and your de gau\u010dish propaganda . 
  all the countries inferiour to us, 
  east ? 
  what are yountalking about ? 
  do younwant me to bring up french crimes from around the world ? 
  wow an argry frenchman . 
  may i remimd you that france was suposed to be atacling not defending . 
  france declared war on germany and sent ilequiped solders to he fucking magineu line . 
  what a smat move isnt it . 
  and when you are your solders with ww1 era bolt actions and 1 case of bulets to a solid rubber tire truck of them ... of course they will get killed . 
  when you instruct them to screw on baionets when facin of a armoured devision of course you will have casulties . 
  but what franve did after that is what showed its frue face . 
  vichy france !, 
  your resistance acomplished nothing of segnifiquance while the yugoslavs faight the puppet regimes and the germans unified under a national comand ypu faught echother for craits of britis free amunition . 
  while warsaw stood up tonthe nazis , paris went on with its buisnis . 
  when slovenes organized a national goverment in the middlemof german ocupied eurooe your degaul was a liabilety to the britis inteligence . 
  need i go on of the french inconpetance ? 
  back in my day we called it a discoteque . 
  yes , humans are the problem . 
  we should #killallhumans, 
  it is , same guy at the bar , same music on the radio . 
  different hour, 
  i would n't be so sure, 
   so what do a local pub and a local club have in common ? 
  same shit different fancy name . 
  in my home town the local pub during the day becomes the local club during the night, 
  local pub is the winter version of a firemens ball . 
  where am i wrong ? 
  not at all relevant to this conversation . 
  but thx . 
  did i lie ? 
  does this not happed ? 
  go to a firemans ball and tell me i 'm wrong . 
  go to vrhni\u0161ka no\u010d and tell me i 'm wrong, 
  just leave . 
  noone will stop you . 
  i merely stated what happenes here , how is that stupid ? 
  no wonder you lost the war . 
  if i go to a vilage firemens fest in a neighboring town i am not from , i will quickly be let know by the guys there to not mes with their woman . 
  you can just use someone elses now ca n't you ? 
  this is why humans invented identification papers . 
   is that sarcasm ? 
  apparently not . 
  also , they dislike counting to more than 12, 
   their fucking hands to themselves . 
  your male friends should have taught them a leasson . 
   american , * humans . 
  customer , what do you want ? 
  newermid that , i 'm buisy sit there be quiet and wait . 
  it does . 
  just its stapeled like in the old days . 
  it needs to . 
  the guns documentation however does not . 
  jeah , gun law in slovenia is conplicated to sy the least . 
  the incursions were probably engouraged by comand , since they stopped after this incident . 
  noone is talking about a was . 
  after ww2 finished some muricans decided it would be fine to fly into yugoslavia and got shot down . 
  partly . 
  no , you just need to pay for postage . 
  yes , they still isues modern day wersions for the croatia border . 
  they call it `` maloobmejna '', 
  i only know of people realy close to the border driving ower to mostly buy gasoline . 
  controll the border . 
  you hardly resisted them . 
  at least the polish and yugoslavs faught for a while before the army fell apart and theyr inferior weaponry was conpletly destroyed . 
  also your resistance was conpletly inconpetant . 
  yugoslavia almost conpletly freed itself from the ocupation . 
  you waited for the english . 
  shooting down american planes wich thretend our national soverenety after ww2, 
   i think spanish should become the de facto ` third language ' of the european union , lol no . 
  the eu already have `` working languages '' of the eu an those are englich , french and german . 
  while tehnicaly all languages are procedural and offitial languages of the eu at the same time . 
  noone wants to learn castilian . 
  not even entire spain acn agree on their language #freecatalonia, 
  the burning of the slovene flag is sanctioned by the law . 
  you can however burn any other flag you want i believe . 
  [ serbs burn eu flag ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oy7cgicjkqi ), 
  imo fuck of nato declare neutraley and build border walls . 
  you minorety ? 
  they would n't . 
  the stamp isnt a crutial part of trevel to countries that do not require passports . 
  its a hang ower from the visa times , and it will stay until these countries join the eu, 
  whell no , but it is then when they came in and never left you see . 
  if it werent required , how yould the police identify you ? 
  love the italian paper id . 
  reminds me of the 60s in yugoslavia . 
  each id crd gest a different par of the country .
