  fix those things for starters and youve got potential . 
  for 1 thing we cant leave for 10 more years ... 
  yeah , that was not proven . 
  the buk used to shot down that plane has been decomisioned in russia for w good part of 2 decades since russia upgraded its military to a new model . 
  besides , even if it is true . 
  it was not an atack against ukrain and its soverenety . 
   besides the war in ukraine you mean ? 
  there is no direct involvment of the russian federation in the war in ukrain . 
  what is confirmed by all sides is that they sold uniforms and bulet proof vests , we can see thin in news videos . 
  but we cant realy count that as infringing on ukrains soverenety . 
   i do n't think that is relevant in this case as a cityzen of a nato member i am depely ashamed of what i am a part of . 
  true . 
  but when has that happened ? 
  how often did russia do that in the last say 50 years ? 
  ( how acout its counterpart usa and the nato pact ? ), 
   why do you trust wikipedia ? 
  its realy easy to use . 
   we should only believe what the constitution and the laws say fine ... - . - http://www.us-rs.si/o-sodiscu/pravna-podlaga/ustava/ articles 138-145  or so you used to tell us , what , when ? 
   albeit with a different reddit account * puts on tin foil hat * mhm ... tell me more oh whise one  4th article : slovenija je ozemeljsko enotna in nedeljiva dr\u017eava . 
  4th article is not about administration , but about it being imposible to take a part of the teritory and make a nother country . 
  thx , and you can have sud tyrol . 
   administrative divisions . 
  actualy , and i did n't know this untill now they are administrative unites . 
  and it seems they are of the second order : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/municipalities_of_slovenia  nothing to do with the government . 
  they are selfgoverning in a way , they have a lot to to with goverment . 
  of course it does . 
  also uni students get subsidized food . 
  also housing if needed . 
   do you think slovenia has a claim on southern carinthia in austria ? 
  yes . 
   let 's work together and not fight about territories . 
  give my people rights . 
   it 's senseless . 
  return what you stole . 
  pay for what you did . 
   of course it depends on which side you are . 
  all sides recognize princip as a hero . 
  he killed a terrorist . 
   let 's work together lets . 
  lets focuse on italy . 
  sud tyrol for you and furlania-julijska + rezija krajina for me . 
   sure . 
  they are n't oppressed or anything there and have an autonomy . 
  what about that `` rightfull austrian clay '' stuf ? 
   on the other hand it 's making my blood boil when serbs are building monuments for terrorists like princip . 
  * fredom fighter ftfy, 
   gro\u017enje zaveznicam rs so gro\u017enje nam in na\u0161i interesni sferi rusija ne grozi zaveznicam v nato paktu . 
   mogo\u010de je rusija `` friendly '' do srbije , pa \u0161e to je za debatirati . 
  gavrilo trigeres you but sud tyrol doesnt ? 
  there is something wrong with your inner hitler :p, 
  it sure is :d, 
   gavrilo princip was a hero, 
  yeah statistical regions are just a paper thing , for counting people and stuf . 
  we also have 88 voting districts . 
  but the minicipalety is legaly and practicaly a 1st level division . 
  [ park of military history pivka ] ( http://parkvojaskezgodovine.si/en/ ) its situated in an old military complex , and they have all sorts of things . 
  also rare tanks . 
  the colection is not all that big , but it grows every year . 
  some of the tanks on display are still tehnicaly military reserve weaponry . 
  [ metelkova ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/metelkova ) its a plave where hippies and drugusers gather , and noone does anything about it . 
  no , it 's not acceptable . 
  religion should be seperated from poloitics . 
  i would never move to canada , its a horible place . 
  our equivalent of that saying would be , i would say ... : `` if jan\u0161a gets elected , i 'm taking up arms ang going into the forest '', 
  not me . 
  idk and i dont care . 
  russia is a sovereighn nation , and they can do whatever they want . 
  russia has always beeen friendly to my people and my country . 
  how about sud tyrol ? 
  fuck no . 
  we have 212 1rst order administrative devisions . 
  thats a realy big task if you want to wisit them all . 
  no we do not . 
  i think it should be possible for those unable to live normaly , like old people and cripels . 
  they doo, 
  my entire country is a no-go zone for migrants, 
  hungarian is dam anoying . 
  also i dislike continental germanic languages, 
  prague, 
  serbian and english . 
  `` euroatlantic integration of the countries of the western balcans region '' should be realy interesting once you start reading the stuf about this topic . 
  80 per cent acording to some reports, 
  on new years eve : belgrade, 
  flods and landslides , especialy in recent years . 
  i have a possition that all travelers should avoid places like paris , bruxels , london ; terrorism is not something to be taken lightly . 
  and now ? 
  what happened to the scotish language in the mean time ? 
  im not troling . 
  and i think younjust migjt be thats like sayinf the spovaks had a say in creating the austohungarian anpire, 
  you see slovenes have suffered a foreighn boot for ower a milenia , and now we are independant . 
  see , 1000 years of suffering and now this one of the more banal ones was the thret of price increses . 
  milk will cost mor than it does now cuz they have to drive it up there ... 
  because every nation deserves independance . 
  i also know that london led a dirty canpain . 
  no its actualy my nations history which leads to the support scotish independance . 
  it should have it . 
  most people here believe scotland deserves independence, 
  whell yes , anshlus , and heider , and hitler , did give that impression . 
  which part ? 
  the last line or the bad spelling ?
