now now , do n't change the rules honey , you first said with useles answers . 
  my answers are far from useles . 
  stop moving the goal posat and deal with the truth . 
   laibach are a bunch of nazis, 
  yes they are . 
  they are of the kavkasian race . 
   why is the hate directed towards roma so widespread and tolerated in europe ? 
  because they come onto some feeld of yours , settle there and wont leave and you cant evict them . 
  than 5 years later they will start conplaining how poor they are and how they have no utility infrastructure in their ilegal setelment . 
   to me , the roma struggle seems very similar to the black struggle in america how so ? 
   comments are so full of full on racism discriminating on national basis is called nationalism . 
  gypsies are white , an indoeuropean nation in fact . 
   very recently enslaved , noone enslaved them . 
  in fact in the time of feudalism when the ordenary pesant was bound to the land , the roamed europe free . 
   that they steal the do . 
  the come to your house ant tare of copper dranage pipes . 
  they steal manhole covers . 
  they even steal paper from paper recicling bins . 
   however the european racism again , not racism since they are the same race . 
  we could just arm the kurds , they have shown to be a formidible fighting force . 
  inforce a tanpone zone on the egean coast and around bospores . 
  build a border wall ( good oportunety to anex trakia btw ) and wait it out . 
  russians just inforced humanitarian coridors for evacuation . 
  but some terrorists are still lingering . 
  its strange , because i intentionaly watch 2 news sources , slovenias news has up to now beeen wery anti asad , and still is they depict the lawfull army of the syrian state as the bad guys and the islamists as the good guys . 
  while if you watch serbian media the reporting is much more neutral . 
  for example , with the same information available from their croatian colegue on the ground and other international sources serbian state news chose to air this `` the syrian army is seen hepling a lot of the civilians evacuating '' while slovenin media chose not to air it . 
  neither did they show the russian army pres conference . 
  i do n't care much for it , but nontheles in my opinion it is austrian . 
  seems like a praier we can get behind . 
   it creates a very `` you do n't believe the right way '' feeling . 
  whell they do n't ... 
  here is a quick are you a christian test : * do you believe in the father , the son and the holy spitit ? 
  * do you believe in the reserection of lasares ? 
  * who created our world ? 
  ansers : yes , yes , god atheist test : * do you believe in any diety ? 
  answers : no . 
   but if you choose not to believe , then you also have to go all the way . 
  i 'm surprized to hear this from a protestant land . 
  even chatolics are n't like that . 
  an atheist is someone simply not believing in jahve/svarun/thor / spagety monster ... why would n't you celebrate interesting cultular celebrations like christmas ? 
   not in denmark . 
  we have christianised it all . 
  we once had a king called frederik . 
  we actually have had a bunch of them , and this guy was the 4th . 
  he gave fastelavn ( carneval ) a religious meaning , summer solstice became sankt hans ( st. johns ) , etc. 
  could n't the same proces aply now to give them a secular meaning ? 
   i actually do n't know why we celebrate it on the 24th . 
  historycaly churche clerics cant agree weather he was born before or after midnight . 
  it is typical for nordic countries to celebrate christmas on the 24th  ai n't that just a tad degrading ? 
  or is that just me ? 
  why do you consider it degrading ? 
   so it would make no sense to celebrate them , would it ? 
  not realy , it would stil make conplet sense for an atheist to go to a christmas party . 
  because why not , we celebrate `` pust '' ( carneval ) wich is a pegan ritual , we celebrate summer solstic a nother pegan celebration . 
  and noone nowerdays believes in perun , svarun , \u017diva , vesna , ect . 
  16 , 17 , 18 , 19 , 20 , 21 , 22 , 23 , 24 = christmas . 
  everyone knows that . 
  christmas is on the 25th not 24th . 
  your nordic ways are outdated . 
   ai n't that just a tad degrading ? 
  or is that just me ? 
  why do you consider it degrading ? 
   so it would make no sense to celebrate them , would it ? 
  not realy , it would stil make conplet sense for an atheist to go to a christmas party . 
  because why not , we celebrate `` pust '' ( carneval ) wich is a pegan ritual , we celebrate summer solstic a nother pegan celebration . 
  and noone nowerdays believes in perun , svarun , \u017diva , vesna , ect . 
  * 10 days  st. johns day why is this a big holiday in denmark ? 
   what do you think about this term ? 
  i think its a cheep way to artifitialy inflate the number of religious people . 
   is it a term that is also used in your country ? 
  i have heard the term `` people who believe they believe '' used, 
  standard ? 
  res tako misli\u0161 ? 
  sure what ? 
  interesantno, 
  you have made a mortal enemy * italian * pfe, 
  in to v stalnem dotoku . 
  itd itd, 
  slovene comandments : kill thau neighbour . 
  wishs to yourself misfortune as long as your neighbours misfortune is for that price greater . 
  remember the sabbath day by working loudly in the jard . 
  you shall murder the commies/nazies you shall give false testimony against your neighbor to gain land and influance . 
  you shall covet your neighbor 's house . 
  you shall covet your neighbor 's wife , or his male or female servant , his ox or donkey , or anything else that belongs to your neighbor . 
   you mean like slovenia made somekind of terrorist act on yugoslavia , what are you talking about ? 
  slovenia is a country not a militia, 
  ok how muxh has the pension risen in the past decade ? 
  usnje vrhnika was high qualety leder , we once exported . 
  we once produced military and engerering grade explosives sold to even the usa , the optics we produced surpased the world famous russian military optics . 
  and our bateries were used in military submarines how is this subpar shit ? 
  lets hope they do n't try and make us go there , cuz sory but i will not answer . 
  tho i do believe a peceful reanexation is in order . 
   our industry was old and very polluting we used to produse our own explosives , our own leder , our own automobiles , our own trains ... where is this now ? 
  is this not true ? 
  show me when have i advocated conspiracies . 
  kosovo & metohia might not be as welcoming ( but that is due to the large albanian population ) as other places , [ but in general serbs are the most welcoming people ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucg3ghrcu2wivesotgcxygjg ), 
  and someones bright idea was to leave that market and ruin our industy . 
   more choice and stable prices for consumers and citizens you mean how prices keep rising whilepensions stay the same ? 
  where have i spread conspiracy theories ?
