  fewer friends in the world . 
  less patriotism . 
   just because obama is president doesnt mean the usa cant adopt racist policies ... 
  it did , it adopted pro black anti white politics . 
  just like ussr gave georgiasns more than they were deserving . 
  just like there was in fact no rusification o georgia ( unlike estonia and `` reclaimed '' parts of finland . 
   like i said stalin could be japanese ... 
  in that case ww2 would have been wastly different and we would be speaking german . 
  blod is thicker than water . 
  ( also barack hosein obama is a mulato not a negro fyi ), 
  offers same tretment , not the same thing . 
  keep up with the conversation honey , we already covered this . 
   you mean yugoslavia ? 
  man you are smart . 
  yes i mean yugoslavia . 
   its actually healthy for a country to have some debt . 
  hahahah you are redicilous . 
   production jobs will never come back because of automatization . 
  we need more production than administration jobs to in general keep a healthy economy that actualy produces wealth . 
   yugoslavia was a shit country , as is slovenia . 
   if slovenians would rule it instead of serbians we could be talking about next germany and than i 'm the nationalist . 
  the hight authonomy of the republics ( even more so after the sftj constitution ) and the shared central power ment `` serbs '' never had contorl of yugoslavia . 
  it was only with the rise of milo\u0161evi\u0107 ( made possible by an economic decline , curtesy of imf ) that a voting block of serbia-vojvodina-kosov-montenegro was astablished . 
  it is also worth mentioning that different republics took different aproches to `` samoupravni socializem '' wich was most prominent in slovenia ( par . 
  look budy , unlike you i have passed psich tests with flying colours . 
  now go back to your cave and tell yout children about udbomafija, 
   very nationalistic policy actualy its just a smart move for a gigant enpire tbh . 
  and no stalin was georgian , he considered himself a georgian . 
  he even gave the georgian ssr south ossetia and abhkazia , causing problems in today and now . 
  blod is thicker than water comerad . 
  hitler was a german , he was born to german blod , in a german land , faught for the german state , had german passport . 
  doesnt get more german than that . 
  grat freedom fighter . 
  a icon to look up to . 
  mare nostrum , look it up, 
   stats show more slovenians work in industry sector then neighbouring countries . 
  swo what ? 
  where are the great industries of old ? 
  where are the production jobs we used to have you know the jobs that actualy produce wealth , unlike administration wich only gobels it up . 
   it might not be the what it was but still a lot of them stand today . 
  its a fraction of what our grandfathers built with their swet and blod . 
  we are taking international loans to pay for international loans ( reminds me of a nother country in the late '80 it nolonger exists ), 
   ignoring the fact communism is a fantasy ? 
  utopia . 
   ignoring the fact third reich was lead by a austrian ? 
  austria is german land . 
  austrians are germany born in a country not part of germany . 
  that makes 0 difference . 
  stalin on the other hand was ethnicly georgian . 
   or was integrating with the west better in the long run ? 
  deffinatly not . 
  we are no better of now than were we in ' 91 . 
  only today we have non lead gasoline and les jobs and les kids . 
  most went under . 
  most survivers are foreighn owned . 
  lek is just a novartis packeging plant for example . 
  ignoring the ract russia never had communism ? 
  ok sure . 
  ignoring the fact ussr was lead by a georgian ? 
  i will ignore your nationalism . 
  it was profitabile . 
  and there is now a strong push to reastablish it . 
  how on earth can a `` commie '' be a nationalist ? 
  ca n't you at least be consistant in your unbased slurs ? 
  i mean c-mon , what are they teaching you kids in school these days ... 
  name survivors . 
  ( try naming conpnies that actualy kept their size and not decresed masively ( istrabenz ) , try thinking of conpanies still in domestic ownership ... hmmm and the list gets shorter and shorter ) tranzition killed us , we are now serfs to bruxels with no way out . 
  actualy it was partly privatized and partly the state payed for its disolusion due to eu legislation . 
  [ burn center ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/burn_center ) vs. a tehnical unit joined with a nother , not even having its own wing ... 
  difference . 
  most conpanies went under . 
  the only industrie that survived , barely was food ( sold of mostly now ) ans steal , ( joined into one conglomerate and sold to the russians [ steal now baught chicken industy ] ), 
  tough luck http://www.publishwall.si/bozan.zabjek/post/115119/eu-nam-je-ukradla-tovarno-sladkorja-v-ormozu-in-kmetijstvo, 
  for what ? 
   both sponsored by russian goverment giving belarous looooooong term cheep loans to build it for half the price with russian conpanies than americans surely is not sponsorship . 
   even to stories that the reactor was accidentally dropped from few meter hight unlike the american type reactor , the russian type can take much more punishment and lower qualety fuel  pushes eu to not buy energy from it . 
  eu wont be buying . 
  you will be buying . 
  why burn gas when you have cheep nuclear power . 
  china did n't break up yugolavia . 
  china did n't force slovenia with legislative action to sese production of shugar ... 
  if you want a stabil country with little change i 'd move to russia . 
  if you want a proper western country with friendly germans move to slovenia . 
  if you want a dome away from home move to serbia . 
  for both belorussians and you . 
  you get the benifit of cheep power close to you , and if it goes bum belarous is not efected all that much . 
   that 's fine , because the kclj is your burn unit no its just a general hospital . 
  we do n't have a burn unit , i dont think we even have a burn wing . 
   so while the one you have is enough , we do need more . . we are not talking about germany, 
  go post something else . 
  i 'm not gona police people leaving relevant stuf when its not strictly about nostalgia . 
  participate in the sub and help develop it . 
  it was in fact this :  [ during the later phase of the italian unification process in the 19th century , san marino served as a refuge for many people persecuted because of their support for unification . 
  in recognition of this support , giuseppe garibaldi accepted the wish of san marino not to be incorporated into the new italian state . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/san_marino ) basicly he owed them a favour . 
  as the description and rules state , its not about yugo-nostalgia . 
  for that go to sfrj . 
  its a regional sub for regional discusion and news . 
   http://www.kclj.si/ this place can do this . 
  a few years ago a hot air baloon with 30 people crached and burned , almost owerwhelimg the entire medical system .
