   we have no such devide , all trains here are shit . 
  and the only town in italy slovenia is conected to is op\u010dine what par of this is untrue ? 
  at what point ? 
  we have no such devide , all trains here are shit . 
  and the only town in italy slovenia is conected to is op\u010dine, 
  i respectfuly disagree with your opinion . 
  12 apostols of jezus simbolize unity, 
  you would be surprised . 
  people comunicate with locals in serbo-croat from paris to shanghi, 
  yes it does :d, 
  cia already knows all about it fre nsa globalist plot orcestrated by the lizard people . 
   kinder suprise !, 
  among other things we also have anti monopoly laws . 
  uncaped internet conections . 
  roads . 
  non chloren chicken . 
  gmo free food . 
  ect, 
  [ what do you mean `` beautifull railway '' ? 
  ] ( https://i0.wp.com/shrani.si/f/3v/uw/b4jcmqq/img4212.jpg ), 
  its from the oldem times , when people still rode around in oxe carts and the hammer and the sicle were on the party flag, 
  [ yes ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bx-vu9acyaah7qz.jpg ), 
  baged milk is a socialist thing , now in the times of transition , we have don away with such archainc concepts . 
  slovenia , - love the pourism and how archaic it is serbo-croat , - the language to know as a traveler around the world russian , - the language of the greatest people outside of yugoslavia czeko-slovak - just sounds so cute french - i like how you can curse your enamies in it while being diplomatic, 
  it is only weerd if you nolonger live in the ussr . 
  the french like to protest and strike , nothing new realy . 
  we do n't have any people of other races in my country . 
  and there are also no non-yugoslavs around here sooo , no . 
  yes , they are called isis, 
  leave it to a hungarian to call a fredom fighter a terrorist . 
  and since the whole of europ now knows his actions to be heroic , 
  because its greek , and the greeks took our moneyz . 
  and why not use our einchent drawings of gods and stuf, 
  some people are bothered by even europa being put on the bills . 
  communists vs. nazi coloborators . 
  that is the main ( non ) issue, 
   and hope that people wo n't be upset about it . 
  have you been to the continent of europe ? 
  tehe place where you hide your money and buy swedish furniture . 
  what ? 
  not wanting to inconviniance others ? 
  also the clean up is inconvinoent , do you realy want to inconbinianve people ? 
  what ? 
  such traumas stay for the entire life, 
  thats just cruel man, 
  but someone will still find the body . 
  do you want your daughter to find your ded self hanging from the dor frame ? 
  there is this one thing [ erazem 's knight tournament ] ( http://www.postojnska-jama.eu/en/get-to-know-the-park/events/ ), 
  hanging is hard to do right . 
  that is why this my method of reverse hanging is much better , even if you screw up you droun in the river below . 
  also hanging yourself , someone will fing your body , that will inconviniance them . 
  ok sit on the edge of a bridge adn tie waights ( i sugest cinder blocs ) around ech one of your lims . 
  than take a 5m long rope , tie it around your neck and to the other end tie a suficiant weight to snap your neck 8google for your weight ) , drop the weight wit your weited arms and legs hanging ower the edge . 
  bom you are dead for sure ,, 
  may i sugest a good way to do it ? 
   which annoys me because there 's usually a zebra 50m down the road . 
  and is also ilegal . 
  as long as there is a pedestrian crossing within 50m of you you must use it or be fined , if you are farther away on a simple street wit little to no trafic it is legal to cross . 
  than do it in a way so not to inconviniance other , pleas, 
  because it is ilegal to cross the road when the red light is on . 
  in my opinion a presidential republic ( like france ) would be a better solution anyway . 
  * ljubljana tourist ministry ftfy we shall soon be independant . 
  i ment , thats exactly what hitler did after hinderburgs death , he merged the office of kancler ( prime minister ) and pressident, 
   merging the title of the president and the title of pm without term limits . 
  man you make him sound like hitler, 
  come now , are you going to tell me orban doesnt have a constitutional majorety ? 
  and monrarchies usualy require an absolut majorety on a referendum, 
   eceive their full wage for some years , then half of it for the rest of their lives that makes no sense . 
  but luckely such laws can be changed easely , unlike in a monarchy . 
   even former presidents are entitled to a pension for life and other benefits no they are not . 
  everiones pention is calculated the same way in a democratic republic . 
  is it communists vs. usta\u0161i or just usta\u0161i arguing about why they lost !, 
   no , there was a referendum about making russian an official language in latvia , teribly sorry , it was years ago and i seem to have mixed my baltic states . 
  dont wory , slovenia ruports the 2nd republic :p [ theatre of the spanish fighters ljubljana ] ( http://www.mojekarte.si/mediacenter-uploads/45/images/7821-borci.png ), 
  they are decendants of reseteled rebelious pesants . 
  decendants of those who resettled during fewdal times and in times of the european enpires are considered natively settled . 
  that is why eu insists on members giving all this national minoreties national minorety rights . 
  what is the difference between slovaks in the middle of croatia and russian in estonia ? 
  the eu qualifiers for a native minorety . 
  for this reason rusins in west ukrain and slovaks in serbia and croatia are considered native minoreties . 
  im just saying they simply waited to see who would win , 
  good lord ... 
   you just do n't know any history and assume ... 
  i went frew the truble of browsing that spesific history , and i do know my history buddy https://www.deutsche-digitale-bibliothek.de/binary/oo6fhmibgnqaebth2bgu6g7ivz7lcqct/full/1.pdf, 
   where did you link it ? 
  sory abot that . 
  my bad , i was thingking of a nother thred . 
   how does that make them native ? 
  the restored republic recognised the pre-occupation citizens or descendants from such ( including the long-term russian settlers from earlier influxes , such as lake peipus coast and the 10,000 residents of the petseri county ) [ 23 ] the citizenship act provides the following requirements for naturalisation of those people who had arrived in the country after 1940 , [ 24 ] the majority of whom were ethnic russians : knowledge of the estonian language , constitution and a pledge of loyalty to estonia . 
  [ 25 ] the government offers free preparation courses for the examination on the constitution and the citizenship act , and reimburses up to 380 euros for language studies judging from this image : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russians_in_estonia#/media/file:russophone_population_in_estonia.png regions like ida-viru deffinatly have a native russian population . 
  especialy since all russian settlement before 1940 are considered native by aparanet estonian law , as described by this wiki . 
  do you not know hoe to use hiperlinks ? 
  i linked this a few comments ago : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russians_in_estonia , i have read it . 
  estonian borders inconpase a great degree of russians , particuralera in the border areas ? 
  is that correct ? 
  and have had a continules presance for centuries . 
  it is a native minorety . 
  just like in slovenia hungarian is offitial in the region where they naturaly live . 
  why do americans keep asking this ? 
  i bet they used one of those buk sistems,
