  im not the one going around teling people udbomafia rules slovenia, 
   maybe try to explain your points the next time , i explaned myself to you when you politely asked have n't i ? 
   be peaceful to one another no . 
  this is not how we roll . 
  dont listen to u/joko11 he is a known troll, 
  but it happened non the less . 
  we lost the bulk of our industry, 
  stop lying to people . 
  the $ prevents us from devaluing our curency . 
  eu forces laws upon us . 
  eu forces us to take economic migrants mama merkel invited in . 
  provide proof or gtfo, 
  about what i asosiate with the eu ? 
  why would i lye ? 
  are you tupid or something ? 
  you are welcome to desolve at any point . 
  always support belarous xd, 
  bread and lard is a popular snack in the rural areas and among the older generations . 
  also some people might sprinkle shugar on top to mke it sweet . 
  serbia . 
  you should try the universety of ljubljana in slovenia . 
  it 's among top 500 in the world . 
   a requirement is that i go to a university that has economics courses in english . 
  we have that i beieve . 
  no in 2013 in order to avoid the troika ( suposedly ) ( again ) we put into our constitution something called the golden rule . 
  we changed our constitution curtesy of mama merkel and conpany . 
  yes . 
  no german dictate of our economy for starters . 
  no sanctions against russia which are hurting our fruit producers . 
  no $ ... ect, 
  imagine how bitter one of this people must be to actualy bother and downvote a comment on this sub ... 
  hel yea !, 
  just look at the people quietly talking in the corner not botering anyone but being confident enouth noone can understand a word they say . 
  also , we all look alike . 
  suffering . 
  opression of the big powers ( particularely germany & derivations of `` the germans '' ) war . 
  * war . 
  * ** war . 
  crisis . 
  destabalizing ... 
   it also has fuck all to do with bad performance thats what i said . 
   ah , yes . 
  i like that too . 
  if you ever get a chance to buy one buy one for me too and store it for me :p ill wire you the cash  yeah , some laws are weird our laws are more straight forward - noone should be armed more than the army . 
  meaning weapons in army inventory are mostly ilegal . 
  also for some reason ( hmmmmm ) we decided that nato standard is not good enouth to guard nuclear plant `` s '' and we need aks, 
   and that has fuck all to do with skincolor , what ? 
  the fact he is a negro is no excuse for bad performance . 
   and izhmash ( or fully automatic ) rifles are not illegal to own here . 
  here fuly automatic long berol weapons are strictly ilegal , semi auto kala\u0161nikovs should be legal but are ilegal due to the law of protection nuclear plants , so ... canty buy any of them . 
  what i want is a zastava m-48 , 7,9 mm bolt action . 
  but unfortunatly its still clasified as military inventory - ilegal . 
  * better & ilegal, 
  hes a mayore . 
  should be of better class . 
  no guns like ak-12, 
  yes , like a modern kala\u0161nikov, 
  nothing beats a kala\u0161nikov, 
  i seem to detect a type ... 
   any economic metric on the place ? 
  its an island on the danube , i seriously doubt it . 
  there is an entire country , liberland . 
   also , there 's a black person in slo politics ??? 
  you mean the mayor of piran he is a member of the sd . 
  and is inconpetant as a polititian . 
  there are 5 negros in the entire country . 
  and on inconpetent one in politics ... seriously ? 
  how do we not have a law like the us preventing this ... 
  the church jas never had a pressident , lets hope we get a better option on the nonclerical side than borut . 
  its is a stronk sub :p, 
  observe , top post is by me :d, 
   in the bin xd, 
  eu should disband , and from its ashes a european confederation should arise . 
  i would love to see the ec ( former eu ) merge with the eeu to forme one gigant trading block that would n't need to trade outside itself . 
  conpletly selseficiant . 
   i would love to see , in a generation or two , russia in the eu . 
  so would i, 
  slovenia is the stuck up version of serbia . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqzqv-6-4do ), 
  does theater count ? 
   i do n't know where you get your information but there was no infighting on a big scale between resistants in france . 
  there were lots of disagreement but groups killing each other not to my knowledge and i have a decent knowledge of this period the raf stopped weapons drops because they fered a masscale civil war after ww2 between the resistance factions . 
  i have heard ( would have to check tho ) of a group lighting signal fires to get british arms and than being ambushed by a nother group who stole those arms . 
   normally , as far as i have learned it , the assasination of archduke franz ferdinand of austria is seen as the starting we must be exact and precise when asking such questions . 
  tehnicaly a war is n't started until a declaration ( or atack ) is made . 
   the north-sea , the baltic sea , the atlantic , the meditarranian and the black sea + adriatic sea , azov sea , kaspian sea , aral sea ( depending on borders of europe ) , liguarina sea , celtic sea , norwegan sea , berents sea , grenland sea ( depending on borders of europe ) do gulfs count ? 
  you also mentioned an ocean , wich is not a sea , is than the artic ocean an answer ? 
  edit agean sea . 
  but they build roads and railvais , 
  ** world war 2 **, 
  the version of the usa where i would n't get sent to guantanamo . 
  also ceta bad . 
  i 'd say its , deffinatly in europe . 
   what was the event that started wwi ? 
  what answer do you want ? 
  the actions of 1 austrian cityzen sparked the isuing ot the ultimatum wich when not met on 1 point resulted in a declaration of war on serbia . 
  here we have 3 events , wich one do you want as an answer ? 
   which seas do europe border ? 
  you are wery ambigious with your questions . 
  because its the correct name . ^ ^ :p ^ ^ / s,
