  germany does n't risk the union because of petty internal rivalries . 
   then we can finally put all eurosceptics to the ice . 
  if this disaster has shown me anything then it 's that far right populists win because of emotions , not reason . 
  the uk ailing and splitting up will change nothing . 
  they will always exist . 
  it will be . 
  france sch\u00e4uble and juncker have already announced that out means out . 
  so he 's just assuming that the rest of the eu will just let the uk rejoin the eea ? 
  was n't ukip a one issue party ? 
  should n't they wither and die without an eu to blame for the uk 's troubles ? 
  if britain would get a good deal the european eurosceptic far right would have a field day with this and demand a referendum in every country . 
  as much as 48 % of brits do n't deserve this , britain must be made an example . 
  westminster ca n't have its cake and it eat too . 
  are you implying that the french are not crazy about british cakes ? 
  ca n't stand the guy but to be fair to him : he sent that chemtrail question to parliament because the crazy conspiratard wing of the fp\u00d6 pressured him to . 
  he 's a plane engineer by trade and knows chemtrails do n't exist, 
  they do n't give a shit about the swiss they just want their direct democracy system so they can manipulate more easily . 
  none of those witnesses think there was manipulation they believe the commissions did clerical errors and bent the rules to get the workload done . 
  this is nothing but a pr stunt by the far right . 
  just like experts , right ? 
  if scotland leaves the uk it 'll receive the right to control its own economy . 
  the biggest hurdle to joining right now is the deficit of 10 % . 
  this deficit however is not because of some supposed ailing scottish economy but because it is mandated by westminster . 
  all eu laws are already implemented in scotland . 
  rejoining should n't be hard . 
  it would require a new treaty . 
  and it would require britain to implement all eu laws except for fishery and agriculture and subscribe to the free movement of labour , both of which was rejected by the british population . 
  also it would require all eu countries to greenlight the treaty . 
  sch\u00e4uble and jucker already told westminster to fuck off and that out means out . 
  westminster lost all bargaining power . 
  the best deal they 'll get is an assocation treaty like turkey, 
  you do n't need to bribe anyone . 
  spain is already ok with independent scotland as long as it 's a legal split authorised by westminster and not a revolt . 
  spineless as always, 
  is telling the police that you 'll block a certain street at a certain date really too much to ask ? 
  the `` permission '' is just giving the authorities basic infos of when and where you 'll protest so the local traffic does n't sink into chaos . 
  most of our nations have a press codex . 
  the uk does n't, 
  unlike you brits we do n't live in the past . 
  that french german cooperation is quite beautiful, 
  need to maintain the safe space, 
  the populist right in germany is currently polling in the single digits . 
  they are n't a threat . 
  the uk exists since centuries yet the scots are still scots the english still english and the welsh still welsh . 
  the eu wo n't do shit to our identities . 
  it will add a layer on top of it . 
  the younger ones tend to be more fanatical pro turkey because they have never seen the country and feel the need to prove that they are real turks, 
  austria issues them on request but they are not commonly used . 
  are you implying the local experts at the donald are chasing a boogeyman ? 
  they have polled first for every election in the last 20 years . 
  they have won none . 
  gro\u00dfraum wien includes the pseudo suburbs around it . 
  so he exactly copied the way hitler came to power . 
  with an aimless pseudo coup instead of the burning of the reichstag . 
  nothing will change . 
  even if the eurosceptics would win in some nations . 
  there is no eu exit movement besides the one in the uk . 
  and other than in the uk most nations require a super majority in both referendums and the parliament to leave the eu . 
  this is impossible for eurosceptic parties to achieve as for example our moderate parties and the dutch moderate parties refuse to go into a coalition with their respective far right . 
  we 'll carry on . 
  the fp\u00d6 is populist but not officially racist . 
  all racists vote fp\u00d6 though and some local officials are occasionally purged for open racism . 
  not post may . 
  they change opinions every week have no plan and spout nothing but feel good slogans and half truths . 
  exactly like our fp\u00d6 . 
  he is n't . 
  the fp\u00d6 is more post-may tories than british nationalist party, 
  renzi resigning wo n't trigger an election . 
  he 'll just be replaced . 
  you are confusing how this system works . 
  there used to be 6 candidates and because none has reached 50 % in the first round the election was repeated with the first two winning candidates . 
  hofer only reached ~ 50 % because the people were not able to vote for their prefered candidate again . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  austria has been run by social democrats for the majority of the last 40 years . 
  if he steps foot on german soil he can apply for asylum there, 
  presidential elections . 
  both candidates of the ruling coalition 's members are already out . 
  what reason does the government have to boast when the guy we 're going to elect is just a figurehead with no power . 
  irrelevant . 
  the president has no power . 
  he changes opinions every two weeks anyway . 
  they were offered the same deal austria got . 
  adenauer rejected it . 
  we are in the eu and allied to nato . 
  our neutrality only exists on paper . 
  because he 's from the t_d echo chamber, 
  i really do n't know why the central council has so much power over german politicans . 
  i could understand the pressure if some high ranking german politicans would be ex nazi party members , but the current ruling elite was n't even born during ww2 . 
  the wjc tried the same shit with us and we did exactly the opposite of what they `` kindly suggested '' . 
  it 's understandable . 
  the us can put alot of political pressure on canada . 
  just like israel can easily influence german politics . 
  that horizon . 
  it 's so unnaturally flat . 
  i suddenly feel so ... tranquil, 
  at that point it will be to late . 
  185.000 german soldiers ca n't fend off 1.027.000 russians . 
  both versions work . 
  prosit is only used on new year 's eve over here though . 
  they were also not allowed to own land so banker or merchant were the only career choice they had .
