  if by `` they '' you mean our older generations , then yes . 
  the amount of delusions go down the younger people get . 
  the fact that the ethnicity change does n't make sense if you factor in pre-ww2 history is usually rationalised away or outright ignored . 
  the austrian emperor being `` emperor of all germanies '' is therefore irrelevant for those people . 
  shamelessly lifting / u/obraka 's comment from a similar thread on polandball :  long story , but the short version : austria was for a long time part of the hre and german just as the rest , with the end of the hre and the birth of the ( 2nd ) german empire this changed . 
  due to our non-german lands ( czech rep , slovakia , slovenia , hungaria , romania etc etc ) austria was not included in the unification of the german empire ( they used the kleindeutsche l\u00f6sung , small german solution , instead of the gro\u00dfdeutsche l\u00f6sung , large german solution ) . 
   now we are n't part of the german club anymore , who needs them , we have our habsburger club !, 
  until after ww1 , suddenly we are just us , small , insignificant and somehow there . 
  we did n't like that very much and one of the first things the parliament of the new born `` republik \u00d6sterreich '' ( we call it 1st republic ) decided was joining up germany , germany ( weimar republik ) would have taken us with open arms , but the allies forbid it ( not for the last time ) wait a few years , a long comes an austrian german ( or german austrian ) leader , let 's call him f\u00fchrer , who brought us `` heim ins reich '' ( home to the empire ) , what a glory , how happy we were , finally in one state with the northern brothers . 
  what follows is a small little war which we lost . 
  and there it is again , small little austria , no land outside of the current borders , no significance what so ever , joining up again with germany was out of the question ( up until the fall of the ussr the ussr was even vetoing our eu accession because they counted it as reunification with germany ) and we were the country which never wanted to be one . 
   from there on the austrian identity starts kicking in . 
  from one day to another we were n't german anymore , but austrian . 
  but being austrian did n't really mean anything so far , so we had to create our identity . 
  and what 's the best way to create your identity ? 
  finding the differences with the most similar thing there is and blowing that out of proportion , little quirks the austrians had became the `` big thing which separated us from the germans '' . 
  this and our constitutional neutrality are the base of our national unity . 
  right after ww2 , the allies wanted a buffer state between the nato and warsaw pact nations . 
  unfortunately austria-hungary did n't exist anymore so we had to make due . 
  after czechia turned communist , the allies became paranoid and declared us `` secret ally '' . 
  historical revisionism campaigns making us `` national socialsm 's first victim '' were encouraged , producing two generations of very anti-german people with a massive minority complex whenever the two nations are compared . 
  the government even lobbied the us to change our ethnicity in the cia world fact book from `` german-austrian '' to `` austrian '' to further validate their modified world view . 
  australia comparisons , fritzl and even hitler jokes are pretty well received and we joke about them ourselves , but do n't mention our ethnicity to anyone over 30 . 
  ever . 
  people born in the 50s and 60s will be * very * pissed if you mention that we 're ethnic germans and not `` ethnic austrians '' . 
  are they * still * playing the nazi card ? 
  it seems like that wo n't happen . 
  they just got caught . 
  apparently they returned home by themselves when they got hungry . 
  we all used to be one country . 
  it 's more than fair if we all keep using the same name for our food . 
  the son of the family met an australian girl and emigrated to australia to start a farm . 
  he sent two kangaroos back to his parents as a present . 
  according to the owners their fur is thick enough for our winters , they have to survive the cold desert nights after all . 
  the irony does n't escape me . 
  some kangaroos escaped in the north of the country and the owners are asking for help to find them before they get to slovakia . 
  also , some guy accidentally shot himself whle playing with a gun . 
  it was a slow week, 
  are you sure this is meant for me ? 
  i literally just said that americans are n't any dumber than other people . 
  do n't . 
  there are morons everywhere , yours are just the loudest . 
  maybe i 've already adopted the local habit of complaining too much all the time . 
  do n't let us ruin your optimism . 
  it 's not as interesting if you actually live and work there . 
  i like your flag colours . 
  seriously though , i 'd like to visit the baltic states someday since i know so little about them . 
  latvia is not very often in the news . 
  with the help of foreign scientists . 
  you 'll be warned the first time . 
  they only put you in prison if you are a repeat offender and * really * mean it, 
  yeah , sorry about that outburst . 
  i got angry yesterday , i did n't mean to insult east germans . 
  the austrian sister party of the npd is the ndp not the fp\u00d6 . 
  and that party was banned in the 80s . 
  the fp\u00d6 are populists not neo nazis . 
  they use xenophobia against muslims to get votes from old people . 
  they do n't want to dismantle the republic , they do n't beat up brown people and blantant racists are usually thrown out after their antics got exploited to get into the headlines . 
  i do n't like them and i 'd never vote for them but they are n't worse than other populist morons like the fdp . 
  he never tried but his daughter is in the canadian parliament . 
  [ `` banter '' ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1ca5k0/reurope_what_is_your_favorite_book_written_by_an/c9ekwql ) [ right ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1cbp30/what_are_the_big_stories_in_your_bit_of_europe_14/c9f2w2z ) you 're a racist cunt who thinks he 's superior to everyone . 
  you humble me with your comment . 
  i apologise for not being part of the holsteiner master race and acknowledge your obvious superiority . 
  please be a total cunt towards me and my countrymen as always . 
  behaving like a douche with mental issues truly is a sign of aryan strength . 
  he hates all southern germans and is generally bitter because he wants to be danish . 
  do n't tell me , tell our ruling elite . 
  i 've long given up voting for any of those morons . 
  it 's a small miracle that our economy is n't in the shitter . 
  the opposition demanded her resignation once after she fired the police president who accused her of using her power to shield her friends from investigation after they were involved in a massive banking scandal . 
  they were ignored . 
  some old , not very bright lady who happens to be finance minister because she has the right friends is currently fighting all of europe over the reform of the austrian banking secret even though it does not affect citizens . 
  she primarily does this because of the elections that will be held in september . 
  she wants to convince eurosceptics that she and her party are not weak and do n't give in to the `` brussels dictatorship '' as our biggest tabloid is calling it . 
  she 's making a fool of herself and all of austria because of some petty political maneuver . 
  but what do you expect from the woman who compared the trials against bankers and lobbyists after the financial crisis to the pogroms against jews in ww2 . 
  cuba is only embargoed by the us , the rest of the world does n't care . 
  all the time because a ton of people outside of german speaking europe think it 's funny . 
  it gets really tedious after a while . 
  there 's plenty of weed but no crack as far as i know . 
  there are a few designated spots were public prostitution at night is legal but they are n't unsafe since receiving a regular income from the prostitution of another person and carrying a gun around is illegal which means violent pimps are non-existent . 
  ( prostitution in closed buildings is always legal as long as you register the business though ) . 
  we have around 20 murders per year , they 're not usually drug related . 
  i do n't know how safe it is compared to other capitals , but there are no areas that you should avoid at night . 
  for political reasons not because of some higher motive . 
  to answer it : the allies wanted a buffer state between the nato and warsaw pact nations . 
  unfortunately austria-hungary did n't exist anymore so we had to make due . 
  after czechia turned communist , the allies became paranoid and declared us `` secret ally '' . 
  there were historical revisionism campaigns going on making us `` national socialsm 's first victim '' and we were rearmed . 
  by '55 we were free again and had to declare neutrality . 
  we were all on vacation from 39-45 . 
  the other way around . 
  rex was always a popular dog 's name but it became * the * most popular name after the show started . 
  rex for dogs i 'm not really sure with cats but old people always call them muzi, 
  if you add a closeup of a wurschtsemmel at the end you 'd basically summarise 80 % of all rex episodes . 
  i 'm from the other end of the country . 
  i know exactly one guy named gruber . 
  maybe they all hide in k\u00e4rnten together or something . 
  when the ottoman empire invaded , a ton of croats fled to austria/slovakia/hungary . 
  they later were granted land there by the austrian emperor and stayed there till today .
