  unidentified submerged objekt, 
  i 'm a filthy atheist so i 'm no expert , but i was under the impression that jews do n't believe in hell ? 
  what . 
  the . 
  i did n't even know that . . 
  mainly because i avoid our radio stations and contemporary music in general like the plague . 
  i 'm so very sorry . 
  are you serious ? 
  have you seen our candidate for this year ? 
  i 've never wanted to apologise that much for a fellow austrian since hitler . 
  i 'm starting to believe those people voting for the nominees are always picking the weirdest idiots on purpose just to troll our neighbours . 
  god we should have never let him out of the asylum . 
  my apologies , i thought you still get ammo with that rifle . 
  i still find it weird that you can keep your weapons after your pr\u00e4sentsdienst though . 
  hey , do n't advertise your party here on the internet . 
  [ you know what happened to that other guy who did that ] ( http://www.oe24.at/oesterreich/chronik/niederoesterreich/700-gaeste-gegen-80-polizisten/71651855 ), 
  try going there with a burgenland number plate , they 'll annihilate you with honks . 
  thatsthejoke.jpg he copied that from the article . 
  they mixed it up . 
  yeah , their guns shoot toblerones . 
  they did n't write australia at least . 
  to be fair switzerland is armed to the teeth as well, 
  touristception ? 
  i can confirm that . 
  g'day mates, 
  this just proves that the hate comes first and the excuse for it is invented later . 
  per tank like last time . 
  they were butthurt because he 's blond and blue eyed . 
  that invalidated all their fan fiction till that point . 
  there were a lot of those . 
  you just get blamed the most . 
  what do you mean by this time ? 
  we were all on vacation from 39 till 45 . 
  our neighbours were friendly enough to keep an eye on our property . 
  supporting anti-constitutional organisations is illegal in germany . 
  last time they let fascists live out their political views it did n't work out so well . . 
  there 's a line between free speech and hate speech and those groups are stepping on it . 
  i mean would you tolerate an american pro-taliban organisation that demands the genocide of an entire people and runs around beating people into comas in the name of `` free speech '' ? 
  why should an entire nation stop listening to the music they like just because of the absurd demands of one organisation ? 
  i 'd rather they change policies to something more reasonable like our akm or something . 
  both gema and usk are a bit overzealous right now . 
  it 's at the , or rather under the , swiss/french border . 
  racist . 
  [ go buy them some nuclear capable submarines to apologise . 
  stop trying to rewrite history . 
  he was obviously australian , everyone knows that . 
  [ which one would you prefer ? 
  ] ( http://eminenz.files.wordpress.com/2010/05/stan-und-oli.jpg ), 
  is it that time again ? 
  well then , let me lift that boom barrier for you . 
  still , i doubt that the majority of swedes are slackers . 
  every nation with a welfare system says this to be honest . 
  the thing is , the leeches are a minority and always have been . 
  i 'd rather have a social system that can be abused by a few lazy fucks than none at all like in the us . 
  the media only reports on abusers and never on people who actually get off the welfare list which seems to generate the image that our systems are plagued by millions of leeches , which quite frankly is n't the case . 
  we 'll never get rid of religions completely , some people just need to believe in * something * . 
  but i 'd say europe as a whole is rapidly reaching a point where the vast majority of < 30 yos are filthy nonbelievers . 
  are there a lot of fundies in france ? 
  you 're very welcome . 
  do n't forget to twirl your moustache while you 're at it . 
  i did not . 
  sorry about that . 
  i actually meant a specific dialect of german only spoken in texas . 
  i know of the other german speaking communities in the us , hell , there are more austrians in chicago than in my home state . 
  i think his name stands for tax champion . 
  besides that he 's most active during european prime hours . 
  also , i doubt a stereotypical texan would be so pissed because of greece or write this :   i 'm an american  stopped reading there . 
  opinion invalidated . 
  go be fat somewhere else . 
  the dear leader needs money too . 
  edit : he changed his flag . 
  this makes a whole lot less sense now . 
  does texas-german ( the language ) still exist ? 
  you are now banned from / r/pyongyang . 
  austria 's not very blond and we 're doing fine . 
  ( mainly because our government just copies whatever germany is doing ) . 
  that wo n't be a problem i think . 
  we already had a member leave the then ec - greenland . 
  ah , did n't see that . 
  sorry about that . 
  you should cross post this to / r/mapporn, 
  those bike lanes are pretty narrow . 
  the bz\u00d6 only turned sane very recently . 
  before that it was a haider cult of personality . 
  i believe you are confusing die linke with the npd . 
  i consider the republican party a far right party not because of their anti-socialst stance but rather because of their extreme populism and the vitriol they are spewing . 
  they seem to cater more and more to the religious crazies and not to the reasonable center right people like they used to . 
  because we do n't have a fptp voting system and parties therefor must form coalitions to have the power to pass laws , neither coalition partner can enforce all their policies . 
  this means the major parties lean more to the center . 
  the government is constantly trying to find compromises that both sides can agree on . 
  i 'd say , because of this , the two major parties are more `` moderate '' than their us couterparts . 
  it also helps that both left and right wing extremists have their own respective party and do n't have any influence over the major ones . 
  the parties themselves differ quite a lot from each other , they often have exact opposite views on how to handle problems . 
  however none of the parties would even question our well established welfare system , or would use republican style populism . 
  most likely because all the crazies vote for their own party and populism does n't work on reasonable people . 
  the extreme right wing supports the welfare state , our universal healthcare system and pretty much all social policies we have , they just want to restrict the benefits to `` proper '' austrians . 
  in short , they want everything to stay the same but want the brown people ( turks more or less ) out . 
  either because dey derk our jewbs !, 
  or because their culture is deemed incompatible with our own . 
  also they hate the eu with a passion .
