  you clearly should have elected someone else . 
  who knows , the k\u00e4rntner heimatdienst could go apeshit , get violent and drag the rest of the country into conflict . 
  d\u00f6rfler changed allegiance to the fp\u00d6 by the way . 
  no love for your former oppressors ? 
  why , thank you , sir . 
  well , 1438-1806 with one interruption actually . 
  but this is supposed to be a circlejerk , who cares about facts . 
  we would if a slav would kill d\u00f6rfler . 
  only if you get rid of your politicians . 
  ours are bad enough but yours seem to be stuck in the 1950s . 
  could you please not shoot our leaders next time they visit ? 
  your idiot brother ruled you for a millenium . 
  we do too , but i doubt it 's the attitude that stops people from getting fat . 
  there 's something hungarians , and brits for that matter , are doing wrong . 
  [ here 's one zoomed in to europe . 
  ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-19r_ranjx6i/ui6syjbnnyi/aaaaaaaasr0/ak0-jxfdrqu/s1600/largest+languages+per+country+europe.png ), 
  are n't stereotypical gays supposed to have a better fashion sense than straight men ? 
  i doubt eu-27 would look so positive if they 'd measure general overweight instead of obesity . 
  because austrians also write unintelligible . 
  are you mahatma gandhi ? 
  do n't tell the bmi , they might revoke your citizenship . 
  you might have to wait a bit to get some answers though . 
  / r/austria is fairly small . 
  try to complain that there are too many southern europeans in southern europe . 
  and try to be drunk at all times because that 's how we show our appreciation , the drunker we are , the more we enjoy our holiday . 
  also , try to approach each and every person in your hotel and on the beach with the sentence `` sind se auch deutscher ? 
  '' , preferrably with a smug accent . 
  no need to try speaking any of the lesser languages . 
  just do n't tell schumacher , he might try another comeback . 
  you might want to consider crossposting this to / r/austria, 
  also , call us \u00d6sis , talk to us in a very condescending manner and complain that we speak with an unintelligible accent at all times . 
  we love that . 
  he 's right , we do that alot . 
   if you really want to fit in , though , eat your fries with mayo . 
  that 's a german thing , we do n't do that . 
  it 's a joke . 
  american tourists started to put canadian flags on their luggage since the iraq war started . 
  they worried they 'd get alot of flak in europe if they do n't because bush insulted `` old europe '' all the time . 
  not at all , i wear them all the time . 
  the same way minorities get their will in other countries . 
  lobbying , political pressure , nepotism and bribery . 
  there was a case a few years back were some militant feminist groups wanted to change the austrian national anthem to make it more politically correct . 
  the majority of the population was against it , but the government changed it anyway because said groups accused the main political parties of being sexist . 
  the same thing happens in other countries . 
  accuse a german politician of being an anti-semite and get whatever you want, 
  you should take note that the austrian government is forging its unemployment numbers . 
  if you are unemployed for a certain amount of time ( i think 4 months or so ) the public employment service austria , austria 's state supported provider of labour-market related services who match candidates with job openings basically force you into taking a random course no matter if it 's related to your job , your skills , or your desired career for `` further education '' . 
  if you 're in one of those you 're not counted as unemployed because you get paid by the state , thus the positive numbers . 
  germany has similar schemes . 
  at least differentiate between those ultra orthodox nutjobs who keep said parties in power and the average israeli citizen . 
  judging an entire people because of their government is n't right . 
  it just fell out of fashion . 
  nothing wrong with it, 
  they do n't know that we are well off and have a romantic view of germany that can not be beaten by any other nation . 
  it 's technically free in austria too . 
  those 18 $ per semester are membership fees for the austrian student union . 
  are your elections fair ? 
  i somehow doubt he 'd just leave his office if he loses . 
  that 's going to happen to every european country in the next few decades . 
  otto officially abdicated and renounced the throne for himself and all his descendants in order to be allowed to enter the country again after 50 years of exile . 
  yeah, 
  people affected are n't american so it does n't matter . 
  the sub 's called worldnews after all . 
  does n't stop the tabloids from fixating on his parents ' citizenship . 
  one of them was a seven year old child . 
  that 's bad enough . 
  it 's most likely just a convenient excuse to justify protectionism . 
  his son was arrested in switzerland once iirc . 
  it was personal, 
  yet those states have far less power than the german ones . 
  would you rather have this education system mess the germans have ? 
  i 'd agree with you if they were 14 or so but 17-18 olds should have a basic concept on what is wrong and what is right . 
  i mean they are allowed to buy guns at that age in some eu countries . 
  no i do n't . 
  i 'm saying that actions of young adults should have the same consequences as the actions of old people in a rechtsstaat . 
  they should be tried and receive the punishment the polish law has for them . 
  why should young adults get extra rights . 
  they chose to commit a crime and now they have to face the consequence of their actions . 
  whether their lifes get ruined because of it is irrelevant . 
  they did this to themselves . 
  youth is no excuse for committing crimes . 
  they knew what they were doing . 
  they want the natives over here to become so enraged and filled with hate that we start using violence against peaceful muslims so they can declare a holy race war and seem like the good guys . 
  everyone is an idiot during their teens . 
  i used to be misanthropic as hell and had anger issues when i was a kid but i never in my life hurt another human being . 
  there 's a difference between a teenage idiot and someone who joins an organisation with the intent to kill billions of people . 
  she knew full well what isis ' goals are and she agreed with them . 
  she deserves no sympathy her being beaten to death was indeed wrong , but i still have no empathy for her . 
  she knew what she was getting into . 
  16 year olds are allowed to drive drink and marry . 
  they know right from wrong , yet she found killing nonbelievers to be perfectly agreeable . 
  i do however feel sorry for her parents . 
  they seem to be genuinely grateful to be here . 
  she wished death to all austrians and the `` west '' a year ago and went on to join isis . 
  then she suddenly changed her mind when her standard of living was worse than it used to be . 
  they did n't have to buy it . 
  the state gifted mein kampf to every couple getting married . 
  at least in my home state post '39, 
  clearly the eu is at fault here , the uk government only wants what 's best for the people . 
  i guess i confused something then .
