the uk agreed upon and signed a contract in 2010 that they are now breaking to start a petty pr campaign . 
  your government is behaving like an insolent child and all those morons who only know about half of the story thanks to your abysmal press are eating this up . 
  so why does ukip hate eu immigrants and support immigration from india , pakistan and other ex-british territories then . 
  the chance of those people forming ghettos and not integrating is much higher than for example your average north german who is culturally much closer to you . 
  i think xenophobia in at least england has reached a point where the average uneducated and unskilled ukip supporter feels a strong dislike for continentals if not worse . 
  the very same people seem to love immigrants from the commonwealth though . 
  a lot of your countrymen certainly seem to think that way . 
  that does n't help much if the elections are n't fair . 
  a 14 year old turkish boy was arrested two days ago who planned to plant a bomb in a train station and then move to syria . 
  there 's also the case of those bosnian girls who where talked into moving to syria to be used as breeding machines . 
  isis recruiters are definitely targeting austria . 
  the us has caused and fought in more wars than any other nation in the 20th and 21st century , since no americans are actively fighting their government by your logic all of the us population should be nuked to prevent the suffering of millions of people in the future . 
  how dare those japanese children in nagasaki refuse to take up arms against emperor hirohito . 
  more or less , representatives are elected . 
  but our system works a bit differently than yours . 
  we for example do n't have a minimum wage but rather `` collective contracts '' where work conditions wage depending on education and work hours are regulated for each profession . 
  no matter where you work , you get the same wage and work conditions . 
  once every other year the respective union and the representatives of the employers meet and broker out an updated version with the goal of creating deals that everyone can live with . 
  as a result we have barely any strikes . 
  does korea have universal healthcare ? 
  maybe go see a psychologist before you go . 
  if not , go see one as soon as you 're here . 
  medication might help against your anxiety attacks and schizophrenia . 
  also do n't worry , western europe is neither armed nor do we hate asians . 
  hell even our xenophobic far right often has a positive opinion of asians . 
  all austrian unions are part of a mother organisation called the \u00d6sterreichische gewerkschaftsbund \u00d6gb ( austrian union federation ) they broker out deals with the wirtschaftskammer , the chamber of commerce that represents big business . 
  as the \u00d6gb represents all unionised people of the country they are pretty damn influential . 
  they function as a counterweight to lobbyists . 
  i prefer stagnation over populism and xenophobia . 
  the great coalition at least managed to keep the country stable and prosperous . 
  the fp\u00f6 on the other hand managed to ruin a state a bank and a neighbouring country 's state in 4 short years as the minor partner in a coalition . 
  and forget neos . 
  have you read through their party program ? 
  they are trying to turn the country into a libertarian social darwinistic hellhole, 
  their current leader failed both historical studies and philosophy . 
  strangely fitting if you ask me . 
  this time they are n't violent and not officially racist but incredibly incompetent . 
  our far right has a chance to win the next election , do n't think you 'd like being ruled by those morons . 
  [ yet there 's a clause at the end of the proposed bill that lets them build south stream without consulting the eu or neighbouring countries . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2jzpcb/after_yesterdays_red_herring_issue_with_the/ ) the internet thing is just in there as a red herring . 
  it 's alright they are from the commonwealth so they are culturally much closer to britons than any of us filthy continentals . 
  i doubt people with money and connections will be affected by the ban . 
  only if they sacrifice psychic people on it . 
  uri geller should avoid going to norway in the next couple of weeks . 
  they have no exports other than oil . 
  since putin took over oil and gas production constantly increased and now account for over 70 % of total exports . 
  instead of diversifying the economy they just pump out more . 
  we have the exact same law though, 
  that 's how things work in austria . 
  yet gay civil partnerships still lack the right to adopt children . 
  a person that has no grasp of the english language and knows nothing about computers should not be commissioner for digital economy and society, 
  then they should n't complain . 
  i am not saying they did n't consider it , i just said i 'm not aware of any serious plans to actually go ahead with it . 
  mikl-leitner does n't tend to be very open about her plans . 
  i have n't heard anything about any plan about the suspension of schengen in local news . 
  the only people i know of who ever suggested that were a fringe far right politician about two years ago and another one when the east joined the eu . 
  the people there have a reputation of being pretty damn xenophobic . 
  even to other western europeans . 
  we will be if we force those spineless morons in vienna to cancel that south stream deal . 
  they did n't , they just refused to support austrian candidates for eu jobs . 
  sch\u00fcssel sold that as `` sanctions '' to the people . 
  somehow i missed that last sentence . 
  what is ? 
  we had one till 2006 , consisting of 2 patrol boats on the danube . 
  do you think the most likely outcome is that there wo n't be a referendum to begin with ? 
  do n't jinx it . 
  it 's a bundesverfassungsgesetz , a law that is added to the constitution but is not part of it . 
  think of american amendments . 
  they can be repealed . 
  it 's fairly mute anyway since the eu accession has rendered the law obsolete . 
  it only exists on paper . 
  the only reason why it was n't removed is because people still believe in it and because the neutrality became part of our identity it still serves as a handy excuse for our politicians to avoid taking responsibility, 
  the neutrality is not part of the constitution but the very first federal law that was passed . 
  as such it can easily be repealed . 
  we were also banned from joining the ec until the ussr broke down due to the russians considering it a reunification with germany . 
  [ this article pretty much shows how much stalin valued us for upholding our neutrality . 
  fuck all that is . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/austria/1364037/vienna-was-top-of-soviet-nuclear-targets-list.html ), 
  what a wonderful nation full of sophisticated gentlemen . 
  conspiracy nuts are a minority in the us . 
  i 'm not so sure if that 's the case in russia . 
  [ the power of the jesus lean compels you . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8d7it2mt00o ), 
  it used to be . 
  mostly because we have no enemies and are n't part of any military alliance . 
  the army used to be top notch during the cold war because the leadership was paranoid that either nato or the warsaw pact may invade but ever since the fall of the wall the situation worsened the army is still able to efficiently plan and execute peacekeeping missions and disaster relieve but we are guaranteed to lose any kind of actual war . 
  i should add that a lot of those unnecessary bases got closed down after i finished my draft but i 'm not sure if they closed all of them, 
  they reduced the funds allocated to the army to 0,5 % of the gdp . 
  that coupled with the unbelievably inefficient way it is structured ( 150 generals for ~ 30k men total ; military bases that serve no purpose , house nothing and just exist to give the officers something to command ) and the refusal to restructure because officers close to the party could complain that they have to actually work for a change ( officers are known to work only for 2h per day or disappear for days on end yet receive premium pay ) it 's pathetic . 
  . i bet half of the officers could be dismissed . 
  at least the soldiers used on peace keeping missions are top notch . 
  the incompetent ones stay in their cozy bases . 
  i do n't want an arms race but the army should at least be functional . 
  those who would deserve it rarely make it to hague . 
  by the time they are losing control they either manage to get away or get shot . 
  the printed spiegel * is * good . 
  this is about spiegel online which is semi independent from spiegel and went from fairly objective to following an agenda . 
  spon was never as good as spiegel to begin with . 
  they have been replaced by kremlinbots . 
  german mep , he is not allowed to hold political positions in austria as part of the deal that revoked the `` eternal '' exile of the habsburgs .
