  it 's the same situation in most if not all other european capitals though . 
  berliners and warsawers are extremely rude and proud of it . 
  the same goes for budapest , paris and london . 
  as long as you avoid berlin and vienna . 
  the mere fact that outright neo-nazi parties exist is worrisome . 
  bonk !, 
  if the trend continues they wo n't have the necessary seats for an absolute majority the next time . 
  my point was that they had no proper opposition because they were so splintered . 
  it is n't , but the netherlands also never experienced a powerless parliament due to party fragmentation that enabled extremists to take over the country and turn it into a dictatorship . 
  he had a hidden bunker full of guns according to the latest reports . 
  he was n't even suspected to be the poacher at first . 
  he just ran into a patrol i think he had some deep personal problems , wanted to die and planned to take as many people with him as possible . 
  four people were murdered and you think this is some kind of joke ? 
  that 's australia not austria . 
  we do n't have any treaties with anyone . 
  that got us into trouble once actually . 
  most european countries have laws that only let them grant asylum to people already on their territory . 
  embassies do n't count unfortunately . 
  there are plenty who find it arrogant over here as well , but it 's still socially acceptable to be a show off . 
  photo is mandatory , do n't know why exactly . 
  the movement is 500 people strong . 
  it only exists on paper, 
  all those de-facto slaves in the uae do n't actually have uae citizenship thus the happiness, 
  as far as i 've noticed the complaining ends as soon as you leave vienna . 
  right after ww1 the allemanic austrians in the west wanted to join switzerland because no one believed in the future of the german remnant state of austria-hungary . 
  the swiss would n't let them join because it would have given german catholics an absolute majority in their carefully balanced system of religions and ethnicities . 
  you do n't get it . 
  we have socialised health care and do n't like war therefor we are all godless communists . 
  the us aids with 0,25 % of its gdp while other countries like sweden give up to 5 % . 
  the only reason why the number is so high is because you 're 350 million people . 
  really ? 
  as far as i know he is n't , but he follows the most popular german comedy routine : playing a character with way exaggerated traits to make fun of specific group of people . 
  in this case germans at large, 
  tell that to our politicians . 
  they changed ours to make it more pc last year, 
  i have never heard a gunshot in my life actually , but i guess that 's because i did alternative civil service instead of joining the army and do n't own any guns . 
  only in paris , and that 's been the case in every capitol i 've ever been in . 
  especially in berlin . 
  someone really deep in the closet . 
  o_o we have about 20 per year in vienna and around 40 per year nation wide . 
  most of them by the police . 
  criminals often are n't . 
  religion class is only mandatory for catholics and protestants until their 14 or their parents opt out . 
  it 's pretty much the alternative to sunday school , which would be worse since priests can fill the kids with propaganda while religion teachers at least have to follow a curriculum . 
  as long as no one is forced to go i 'm ok with it . 
  i always saw the crosses in classrooms more as a tradition , or a symbol for our history , not as a religious symbol . 
  i have no problem with it , but i would n't mind if they were removed . 
  curiously no non-christian student ever complained in my school . 
  the concordat should be removed , you 're right about that . 
  i forgot about that one . 
  could it be that they exclusively polled people from the less religious western cities ? 
  while one of our parties used to be called christian social party i 'm not aware of any other relation between modern politics and religion . 
  did i miss something ? 
  for all i know politicians constantly do shit that upset cardinal sch\u00f6nborn and his friends from abortion in the 60s to gay rights . 
  i know plenty of atheists , me included , who celebrate christmas . 
  while on paper a religious practice , practicing a tradition does n't automatically make one religious . 
  they exist , they even have their own party . 
  `` germans missed the renaissance and the enlightenment ... '' those comments ... education is n't their strong point . 
  yes , otherwise anti-eu populist parties would n't exist . 
  there needs to be more education on how the eu actually works . 
  i do n't quite follow ? 
  the hotels are privately owned , they can do whatever they want . 
  if i open one and make a rule that no one named miller is allowed to rent a room i can do that . 
  as long as he 's just doubting and not publicly inciting violence or insulting the victims yes . 
  there is , but it does n't require any input . 
  there is ? 
  since when ? 
  nonsense . 
  the codes are just for automatic nato iff procedures which are transmitted via encrypted channels . 
  we 're not a nato nation so we have to borrow america 's, 
  we are not a nato country . 
  in order to automatically identify friend/foe you have to transmit some codes on encrypted channels . 
  we 're borrowing the us ' codes for that . 
  they fly just fine without them . 
  if so why did they put him on a no fly list and made sure he 's excluded from every single diplomatic event that 's not taking place in a muslim nation ? 
  he served in the wehrmacht in yugoslavia and conveniently left that out in his biography . 
  the adl accused him of war crimes and managed to convince the us and israel to put pressure on us i.e. 
  threaten to make us vote for the other guy despite him being cleared of all charges by an international committee . 
  he was never really popular but people started voting for him out of spite . 
  because we 're austrians and no one tells us who to vote for . 
  he rose exponentially in popularity polls after the `` suggestions '' to not vote for him , even the left voted for him in the end who would have never elected him or any of his party colleagues otherwise . 
  it was political suicide of course , but hell , it was * our * political suicde . 
  austria likes to defy foreign pressure since our neutrality is one of the few things our politicians take very seriously . 
  that got us into trouble before when we did n't elect the president the us and israel `` suggested '' or when we did n't deport one accused war criminal to the baltics . 
  having said that , we wo n't accept snowden , the minister for the interior has already stated that before he applied . 
  our minister for the interior has no backbone . 
  she already stated that someone has to be * in * austria to apply for asylum ( conveniently not mentioning to the average citizen that she 's able to make exceptions for special occasions like this ) i bet she gets a lot of info out of prism for our intelligence . 
  that 's what you get when your ministers get appointed due to nepotism instead of merit . 
  so what about the filipino genocide of 1916 ? 
  1,6 million dead in concentration camps . 
  or the forced sterilisations of natives until the 1970s . 
  or fucking 400 years of legal slavery . 
  yet americans like to constantly remind germans of their `` eternal guilt '' because what their government did was all their fault . 
  how would one eat that ? 
  it is . 
  is something wrong with that date that i 'm not aware of ? 
  it 's from a parody video which made fun of another video that went viral before about two serbian soldiers playing some folk song . 
  i ca n't link you directly right now but google `` remove kebab/tupac serbia '', 
  do n't think so . 
  they 'll sell this as the first step on the road to abolish nation states or as a price fixing attempt which puts uk companies at a disadvantage or something .
