  do you know those bezirks/ortsbl \u00e4tter with death and birth lists in them ? 
  i saw them in one of those four of five years ago . 
  that was during the hight of the kevin craze . 
  a friend of mine and me made a competition out of finding the silliest names in the versions of the newspaper we had access to . 
  kevin-justin was from southern bgld and alejandro from vienna 10 if i recall correctly . 
  edit : [ at least the trend over here was n't as bad as in germany . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjbzvi_kltm ) jeremy-pascal wollny . 
  ours have the tendency to give their spawn silly sounding mostly foreign double names . 
  i 've seen kevin-justin m\u00fcller and dustin-alejandro wallner . 
  poor bastards . 
  the austrian version would be krocher . 
  both sexes . 
  basically the same as chavs but they wear ed hardy instead of burberry and listen to gabba instead of dnb, 
  morons who are too cool for school exist in every nation . 
  your education system has nothing to do with it . 
  i 'm pretty sure every single european nation has an equivalent of chavs . 
  fptp in a nutshell britain needs proportional representation . 
  i know that , it was a joke . 
  your chinese flair makes that statement slightly ironic . 
  you can have some of ours , we do n't need them . 
  that would be a bit redundant . 
  poland is already catholic . 
  ever had sachertorte ? 
  beats any kind of strudel by a long shot . 
  just avoid the original one from hotel sacher , that one is way too dry and expensive . 
  strudel is overrated . 
  i doubt the mountains have anything to do with it . 
  weird . 
  i always thought germanic cuisine is a lot heavier and unhealthier than the british one . 
  it sounds like a sneaky insult . 
  australia can suck the us . 
  so you 're saying that the stereotype that italians do n't consider white collar crime immoral has some truth to it ? 
  firefox got pretty unstable for me after they 've switched to the rapid update system . 
  when firefox 4 in combination with flash started to give me bluescreens i 've had enough and switched to chrome . 
  no problems ever since . 
  most likely because belgium does n't seem to be a unified country but rather a forced union of three peoples who ca n't stand each other . 
  i beg to differ . 
  austria is 700 years older than prussia . 
  hey , we 're first . 
  you can have what 's left over . 
  i always thought schwarzenberg is a czech citizen . 
  bohemia is czech since 1918 after all . 
  you usually get paid for internships in the eu . 
  i 've seen a documentation about them once . 
  i do n't envy them, 
  vienna does , they have their own task force for that . 
  german cities do it too . 
  i think the main reason is that it happened so recently . 
  in a few centuries he 'll most likely be remembered as just another dictator who commited genocide , just like stalin , pol pot or mao . 
  do you still have your romanian passport ? 
  if so , emigrating to anywhere in the eu should n't be a problem . 
  zis is not fair , we do not all talk like ze arnie . 
  i 'd say most people would find that accent quite charming . 
  you 're referring to the kia plant in \u017dilina are n't you ? 
  i was told mine was built in a sister plant in the czech republic before they officially moved production there . 
  i believe it 's now owned by hyundai or something . 
  as i said , that 's what the car sales guy told me i do n't know how accurate that story is . 
  i 'm driving a kia . 
  it was built in the czech republic though, 
  i 'm building a vault below my house , wan na join ? 
  everyone is doing it at different times http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84awtseb2-4, 
  not in the east . 
  the problem with the us right now is that backwards morons have too much political power . 
  as soon as they introduce a proportional representation voting system their problems will go away . 
  i 'd consider the bnp or golden dawn much worse than our counterpart . 
  anti-intellectualism may be a problem over there , but i doubt it will get that much out of hand . 
  they 'll get replaced with china as the most important business partner in a few decades anyway , it 's just a matter of time . 
  the fp\u00d6 are right wing populists who abuse xenophobia to gain votes from old people . 
  i do n't like them , but they are certainly not nazis . 
  [ we had a golden dawn counterpart back in the 60s though . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_democratic_party_ ( austria , _ 1967 % e2 % 80 % 931988 \\ ) ), 
  i feel sorry for our italian neighbours . 
  they 'll never get rid of that moron . 
  we never voted for him : /, 
  he mentioned it once , but he got away with it . 
  we had the flag first . 
  \u0ca0_\u0ca0 first you demand equal rights and now this . 
  we 're used to it , do n't worry . 
  they 'll most likely buy you [ this ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_z-q4bimj5ge/tg2zby3qygi/aaaaaaaacem/yoxxtsaznvk/s1600/designall.dll.jpeg ), 
  we 're so sorry . 
  i bet that sounds horribly racist to everyone who does n't get the context . 
  but unfortunately largely unknown in germany because he really only started his comedy carrier after he met grissemann . 
  they work best as a duo and would n't be that funny by themselves . 
  pm the mods , the bot is broken . 
  so we 're down to ad hominems , are we ? 
  fair enough . 
  you , sir , are a scoundrel who fights like a dairy farmer . 
  bah , i 'm too hungry to spell correctly . 
  nuhr is mostly hit or miss for me , sorry : / he 's one of the better ones though . 
  you 're right lack of meat does n't make it not edible , ~ ~ mince ~ ~ mint sauce makes it inedible . 
  you think i 'd touch that stuff you people call food ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberalism_by_country#europe a lot of european liberal parties moved to the centre on the political scale . 
  hader , haider , stermann und grissemann , dorfer , niavarani to name a few . 
  the main reason why i do n't like yours is that most of them have only two jokes that they repeat ad nauseum : cindy aus marzahn : i 'm antisocial and repulsive and are n't aware of that barth : my girlfriend is annoying , men are different than women paul panzer : i pronounce things funny b\u00fclent ceylan : i 'm a turk but have a mannheim accent . 
  the only two comedians i actually enjoy are serdar somuncu and michael mittermayer . 
  maybe i just prefer political cabaret . 
  liberal usually means centre and centre was an option . 
  as a brit , you are required by law to feel uneasy with filthy continentals around . 
  i 'm austrian and after witnessing what you are calling comedians without a language or cultural barrier i have to agree . 
  edit : switch reloaded is still awesome though .
