  how dare i. 
  they get most of the protest votes and experienced a resurgence in 2006 . 
  they got between 5 and 12 % before that with the exception of 1999 where people were pissed off enough to make them the second biggest party . 
  the party line is mostly contrarian populism and xenophobia , their economic policies are far left . 
  i would n't call a nation that has been ruled by social democrats for 50 years conservative, 
  the greens , they used to be more moderate but turned to left wing populism when the last head of the party resigned due to age . 
  welcome to austria . 
  alf poier is a prop comedian with a stage persona that 's meant to shock people with his insanity . 
  he for example founded the museum for consciousness art and shit that consists mostly of defiled pictures of christian saints . 
  during the opening ceremony he wore guru 's robes a birdcage on his head , 3 pair of glasses and swung a toilet brush with his left hand and a fake popsicle with the other around . 
  he 's rarely if ever out of character in public . 
  they are for people with a physically demanding job . 
  a lot of people i know are creeped out by how much white collar crime is accepted in italian society . 
  and where do you think would portugal be today without those eu bailouts ? 
  estonia 's e-government . 
  bureaucrats are horribly inefficient over here . 
  the rest of europe did n't fake its numbers and did n't live off money they did n't actually have for more than three decades . 
  greek people now pay the price for the crimes their corrupt government committed decades ago . 
  afd are n't moderate in the slightest . 
  you will be hard pressed to find people who want to abandon our secular welfare states in favor of some catholic hogwash to satisfy some american small government fanaticism . 
  our governments are here to serve its people not the other way around . 
  without it , companies will turn our nations into some social darwinistic hellholes . 
  i assume you 're not a native , otherwise you and your wife would 've contacted the arbeiterkammer immediately . 
  cases like this is exactly why it was created . 
  that organisation has the right to fine and even close down companies that harass or mistreat their employees . 
  5 years ago a case got in the media where a company hired some guy whose sole purpose was logging how long employees take in the bathroom and berate/fire them for that afterwards . 
  they got fines in the 5 digit area . 
  and had to close during the investigation . 
  human dignity is untouchable , even if some sociopathic managers try to ignore it . 
  that 's what the arbeiterkammer is for . 
  that organisation has the power to fine and even temporarily close down companies that break laws against worker protection . 
  his wife could 've sued them into ruin . 
  at what cost ? 
  austrians work an absolute maximum of 48h/week and get a comparable result without the dissolution of worker 's rights and rampant inequality . 
  if one of those `` experts '' dares to even suggest disassembling our worker 's rights he 's committing political suicide and will feel the wrath of [ the \u00d6gb ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austrian_trade_union_federation ) and [ ak ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austrian_chamber_of_labour ), 
  a happy worker is a productive worker . 
  every employee has the right to be treated with dignity not as a disposable wage slave . 
  this is beyond counterproductive . 
  he should go back to lurking if he wants to keep his sanity . 
  this place turned to shit a long time ago . 
  he was removed by the democratically elected parliament for his actions . 
  a president can be impeached and removed in accordance with ones constitution . 
  the only one who was placed in power by an angry mob , or rather by a foreign army operating illegally on ukrainian soil , was the mp of crimea . 
  you will never know for certain . 
  the coming referendum will be held at gunpoint and the current mp is a puppet . 
  apparently playing the strong man has its price . 
  about time . 
  this is the anschluss all over again . 
  from the membership fees the countries already pay . 
  11 billion euros divided by almost 30 member states is n't a lot . 
  the eu 's combined gdp is 12.8 trillion euros, 
  sent into space ? 
  are you crazy ? 
  if the rocket carrying the waste blows up like the challenger half of the planet will be irradiated . 
  why does austria celebrate on the 24th then ? 
  germany has the best chances to convince putin to stop if they send someone he 's friendly with , even if he 's a crook . 
  have i ever said the arabs are any better ? 
  does pointing fingers and saying `` they do it too '' justify keeping an open air concentration camp ? 
  and just to inform you my grand-grandfathers were put into prison for being social democrats for the entirety of ww2 , so fuck off . 
  treat people in palestine like human beings and the eu will stop criticising . 
  just because 6 million jews died in ww2 does n't mean israel is beyond criticism . 
  they should stop playing the eternal victim . 
  martin schulz is one of the few german politicians left with some backbone . 
  ^ ^ * shhh *, 
  freezing rain usually happens when the temperatures in 1-3km height are too warm for the water to form snowflakes while the surface temperature is too cold to keep it liquid . 
  i can happen when a warm front high above hits a cold air pocket trapped near the surface . 
  you use a bh ? 
  gema is a private company 2 . 
  germans hate the gema 3 . 
  are you retarded ? 
  it already is . 
  and they are right . 
  `` austrian '' as an ethnicity was invented after 1945 . 
  he 's a portuguese imitator of a chinese imitator . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/welfare_state#great_britain 1909 , 20 years after germany . 
  the welfare state was invented by bismarck in 1880 . 
  everyone else just copied it . 
  the accident happened in austria . 
  who sold the ticket is irrelevant . 
  austrian law applies . 
  there 's a fucking yellow line over here and a voice warns you not to get too fucking close every fucking time a train comes in or starts moving . 
  there 's a guy overseeing the wagons and giving a green light when everyone 's in . 
  the train ca n't not move unless all doors are locked . 
  when the train 's moving no one can force their way into a wagon . 
  * after * she found out that her phone gets tapped too , she was perfectly fine with it when she thought only the plebs get affected by it . 
  it is n't his age but how he got the job . 
  he became minister due to nepotism . 
  he was the protige of the vice chancellor . 
  it would n't be that much of a problem if he was actually able . 
  in the netherlands maybe . 
  the \u00d6vp is a party for senior citizens lobbyists and farmers . 
  they 'd sell us out to the big industry if they could . 
  he was 24 in that pic . 
  he 's younger than everyone else . 
  that 's enough really . 
  people really hate the old elite that 's ruling right no he was elected as mp not as minister . 
  they 've made him minister after the \u00d6vp saw how popular he was . 
  vienna is suffering from capital city sickness . 
  austria 's most rude and egocentric people live there . 
  they 're quite disliked in the surrounding states .
