  he lives in bavaria . 
  and do n't forget what kind of federalist he was : he wanted a united europe free of liberalism and humanism and united under the catholic church . 
  he and his entire family was exiled until the 60s . 
  he was only allowed to reenter austria after karl signed a contract that states that he swears loyalty to the republic and gives up any titles and does not pursue a political role . 
  he signed reluctantly . 
  a few decades earlier he had plans to retake austria and make it a catholic semi-theocracy . 
  no one believes he really gave the throne up , he just wanted access to his possessions . 
  he 's not called a pretender in the media because there is none . 
  the concept of nobility is banned by the constitution . 
  i think he actually believes what he 's saying . 
  the problem is that you no longer can tell facts from exaggerated fiction since putin and his platitudes went completely crazy, 
  germans born post war * do * care , believe me . 
  so much so that they want to avoid armed conflict at all cost . 
  maybe i 'm out of the loop i have n't heard from your power plants in years . 
  as far as i know it 's been a long while since our government commented on their doubts about the safety of your power plants . 
  did your tabloids use those comments to stir up the people or why did the population take that personal ? 
  with an attitude like that you will never be able to create a functioning state . 
  have fun with a different dictatorship every couple of decades , you 'll stay a backwards shithole forever . 
  russian logic : only follow rules if they are in your favour . 
  the democratically elected parliament ousted the president for corruption , as is their right according to the constitution . 
  the lack of articles in your comments and your comment history is very telling where you 're actually from . 
  germany looks like it 's being consumed by silent hill, 
  is n't northern italy doing relatively fine ? 
  putin invented this strong man image for himself and his government . 
  if they do n't strike back they could appear weak and lose the support of the uneducated masses who are obsessed with manliness . 
  they dug their own grave . 
  there 's that one guy in vienna who runs a greek restaurant . 
  let me rephrase that then : is n't it a lovely coincidence that only journalists who are critical of the government are found dead . 
  the exact amount is irrelevant . 
  even if it 's just 2 people per year , the very fact that journalists in russia are murdered for saying things the government does n't like to hear is already too much . 
  the things is however that populists and scaremongerers gain unprecedented amount of power in direct democracies . 
  you mean high hdi , personal freedom , wealth and actual democratic elections ? 
  yeah , thanks i will . 
  and nothing . 
  have fun with your borderline fascist dictatorship . 
  the contempt is mutual buddy . 
  that moron does n't speak for us all . 
  [ he 's also a pro-putin pro-authoritarian monarchist who hates the allies for destroying austria-hungary ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2bkrxo/the_germans_resist_a_heroic_view_of_war_if_only/cj6hoeb?context=3 ), 
  his policies included getting loans from neighbours and invading them before you pay them back . 
  one reason hitler was so keen on annexing austria was because we had plenty of gold reserves that he needed for war preparations . 
  the uk is not ruled by someone who wants to do away with democracy and establish greater britain by annexing every piece of land with ethnic anglo-saxons in it . 
  it 's not that women are now mentioned that bugs me but the way it 's shoehorned in and destroys the rhythm . 
  i 'd like them to change the text to kinder and change the rhyme . 
  do you think they 'll be able to compensate fast enough before they feel the consequences of their warmongering ? 
  i always considered the `` sons '' in the hymn to be somewhat gender neutral like `` mankind '' or `` sons of liberty '' . 
  china gets most of their gas from other central asian nations like turkmenistan so they wo n't be ale to nickel and dime them like they did with eastern europe . 
  and i doubt the eurasian union has the necessary economic weight to replace europe as their main income area . 
  if europe stops buying their gas , they 'll be in trouble . 
  there wo n't be another cold war . 
  russia no longer has any allies or a power block that supports it . 
  all we need to do is stop buying their gas and wait till their economy collapses in 4 years . 
  what if the next guy is even worse ? 
  the krone pretends to be a reputable news paper , they ca n't afford to . 
  with syria , iraq and ukraine going on , there 's never really a slow news day . 
  it 's just a tabloid made for intellectual lightweights . 
  everyone 's doctoring the statistics as well . 
  in finland kids with dyslexia are banned from participating for example . 
  the original lyrics were written by a woman . 
  i just do n't see the sexism . 
  putin is n't stupid enough to attack a nato or eu country . 
  speaking from anecdotal evidence , people in the east who went to school before the fall of the wall speak awful to no english . 
  or that the statistics are dodgy . 
  poland and hungary should not be as highly rated as they are and germany should be around or level . 
  the natives on here seem to disagree with the stats shown as well . 
  when i was in school kids did n't take pisa seriously , picked random answers and enjoyed their 6 hours of recess . 
  pisa rankings mean fuck all anyway , especially since classes are picked at random across all our school forms . 
  the more classes from polis and viennese hauptschulen are randomly selected the worse the scores . 
  you 're talking to a self proclaimed anarchist revolutionary . 
  apparently welfare is for statists . 
  those treaties are brokered out in secret . 
  our respective governments only get to read the final deal shortly before they need to vote on it . 
  why would we care ? 
  anarcho-capitalism truly is the future . 
  now that we 're both in the eu , what 's the point really ? 
  besides , i do n't like your political parties and how you dismantled your social security net . 
  it feels like austria is like a small germany if that germany would 've been ruled by proper social democrats for 50 years . 
  i fear those terrorists will make it safely to russia and will never be punished for what they 've done . 
  curses , foiled again . 
  gorbachev offered to sell the entire area back to germany but kohl declined . 
  east prussia is gone for good . 
  ethnically cleansing an area and then mocking the victims by trying to associate with them is very much offensive . 
  i 'd say that was just the aftershock of the reunification . 
  the baking powder thing is not universal . 
  a lot of places if not most of them serve them with the same dough as crepes . 
  they usually just have more flour . 
  we do it 's just that he does n't want to favor people from his own party . 
  our current president resigned from his party when he was elected because he feels that a president has to represent all of his citizens equally . 
  a symbolic act of course , but that guy definitely is n't in it for the money . 
  name one benevolent dictator . 
  name one dictator that put his people before profit . 
  those treaties are negotiated in secret , the governments only get to read the final deal shortly before it 's decided upon . 
  i 've unfortunately never seen any maple syrup to buy in our grocery shops . 
  it might be a local thing though since [ our pancakes are a bit different ] ( http://www.allmystery.de/i/tc306f1_129615-960x720-ricotta-palatschinken.jpg ), 
  the last ones were more of a half assed warning . 
  he 's a populist of the worst kind who passed some laws that made sure that his party gets reelected and killed press freedom . 
  he wo n't turn the country fascist and start killing people though if that 's what you mean . 
  ww1 was about delusions of grandeur of one inbred moron that was born into a leadership role and several alliance cascades people did n't die to make their countrymen 's lives better , they died as disposable cannon fodder because their rulers ordered them to . 
  oh come on , the eu is a voluntary union not some kind of dictatorship . 
  i guess one festival is counting visitors and the other the actual size of the festival . 
  so is switzerland .
