  until they need to renegotiate most of their treaties with the eu in a few years anyway . 
  i think he means the non-eu post soviet states . 
  you 're joking but that sentiment actually makes perfect sense if you consider the russian love for tough guy platitudes . 
  how about not attacking anyone and behaving like civilised people for once . 
  do people actually believe that bullshit ? 
  to be fair some very loud eurosceptic brits on here show a lot of contempt towards continentals lately . 
  the difference between euroscepticism and rampant nationalism is blurring lately . 
   i find it surprising that i question you on something , you admit to being facetious and i then get downvoted . 
   was n't me . 
  i disagree with you a lot but i do n't downvote, 
  i was being facetious . 
  in all honesty though , the acts of the british government lately are a bit concerning . 
  britain has been constantly falling in international press freedom comparisons and the government devolves more and more into loud populists that scream whatever the daily mail readers want to hear . 
  to oppose an organisation that is there to protect your rights just because it has the word european in it is a bit silly . 
  especially since cameron is so eager to pass bills that violate that very rights . 
  the uk was one of the main nations pushing for an echr 50 years ago after all . 
  so that 's why your government raided the guardian . 
  to protect their rights, 
  it 's comparable to austria though , we use a similar model . 
  idiots exist in every nation . 
  advocating military interventions in germany would be political suicide . 
  people are still pissed about afghanistan . 
  i heard he did nothing wrong . 
  because germany will turn fascist again any minute now . 
  stop this whataboutism . 
  this is about russia not the us . 
  the reason why countries under the ussr were `` more stable '' is because they were turned into dictatorships . 
  afghanistan was ravaged by terrorism under the ussr until they just decided to fuck it and just left them to rot . 
  your admiration of the ussr is disgusting . 
  edit : you 're russian . 
  figures . 
  tell that to your fucking government . 
  that rhetoric works well for russians . 
  they are obsessed with manliness , which is ironic given their fear of catching the gayness . 
  his electorate does n't think , they follow . 
  spain never purged the fascists from the police force after franco died . 
  no problem , i was just wondering . 
  the funny thing is that the fp\u00d6 was furiously pro-eu before we actually joined and the major parties were only cautiously optimistic . 
  as soon as the major parties changed their stance the fp\u00d6 did as well . 
  they are contrarian populists , there 's no serious anti-eu movement . 
  austria is overwhelmingly pro-eu . 
  why would we threaten a eu exit ? 
  our eurosceptic party finished third . 
  he does n't really want to negotiate , he just wants to stay in power . 
  best way to do that is to pander to your voter base, 
  congratulations , you 're officially a moron . 
  and where do you take that knowledge from ? 
   sorry if this does n't fit into your world view for some reason but it is true . 
  ironic that you 'd say that . 
  the uk refused to do anything that would hurt their own financial centres . 
  germany and the us were n't any better , what i 'm saying is that the uk pushed for fuck all and were very content with symbolic sanctions . 
  but of course everything is europe 's fault . 
  how could the uk do anything wrong . 
  [ repeating that sentence wo n't make it any more true ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/mar/03/uk-seeks-russia-harm-city-london-document ), 
  it was totally southern europe that announced they 'd veto any sanction that would hurt the city of london . 
  and then we will annex you and we shall rule you as your rightful oppressor . 
  hence why left/right populist parties are so damn successful . 
  they revoked the right for free movement of people , one of the pillars of the european community . 
  they also refused to sign the free movement accord of croatia . 
  the acceptance of the initiative binds the swiss government to renegotiate the entire eu labour market agreements as breaking one part of the contract voids all points . 
  the referendum was fuelled by nothing but xenophobia . 
  they wo n't have their cake and eat it too , their economy will take a hit as the eu will drive a hard bargain to avoid setting a precedent for the uk . 
  which has brought them nothing but good like for example : * not allowing women to vote till the late 70s * banning minarets due to people falling for scaremongering * breaking bilateral contracts thus possibly sabotaging their own economy and future * populism gaining unprecedented political power, 
  i highly doubt people back then would 've kept separate statistics . 
  of course . 
  there 's a big conspiracy going on with the goal of destroying southern european nations by forcing them to fix their economies and giving them bailouts . 
  for decades germany and austria hired portuguese politicians who intentionally wasted money with unprecedented corruption and incompetence . 
  it 's all the fault of the new nazi empire with their functional economies and their non-corrupt competent politicians . 
  last poll showed overwhelming pro-eu sentiments but great apathy towards the actual election . 
  do you think ukip will fare better in england ? 
  it 's sad that your voting system reform did n't get through a couple of years back . 
  you really need a proportional election system . 
  they still pay membership fees and have to apply every law the eu decides on except those concerning fishery and agriculture . 
  if the uk would abandon every single treaty their situation would be a lot worse . 
  i highly doubt they will though . 
  are the elections fair ? 
  the austrian state does not recognise straight marriage either , if you only marry in a church but do not register a civil partnership your marriage is void . 
  having said that gays can register partnerships but not adopt children, 
  i ca n't take them seriously since van der bellen left . 
  they are basically the left equivalent to the fp\u00d6 now, 
  it 's not like bigots exist in every nation, 
  did they change their stance ? 
  edit : according to wikipedia , their party program is full of conflicts , what a surprise . 
  says the russian, 
  i misremembered the decade , mea culpa . 
  current ball ad , nsfw http://wiener-online.at/images/uploads_657/c/a/e/3804334/142.984.074_1399900758414980.jpg there 's a bit of controversy around that one though , [ not because of the nudity but because of the transgender acceptance message . 
  ] ( http://oekastatic.orf.at/static/images/site/oeka/20140520/lifeball3.5252829.jpg ), 
  not generally , economically . 
  there is n't a straight line from the far left to the far right , by your logic all far right parties would be fascists . 
  what i meant is that their ideas are commonly found in parties that are associated with parties lefter than centre-left like the greens . 
  every nation has xenophobes and protest voters . 
  their policies are lefter than that of the greens , the leftest major party we have . 
  there 's a far left without being communist you know . 
  no but strict economic interventionism rich people 's tax and increase of social spending and subventions . 
  mind you everything they say is because of populism and should be taken with a grain of salt . 
  they were very happy with the idea of getting rid of our progressive tax system when they were in a coalition with the centre right \u00f6vp in 1999, 
  austria does n't require you to register your abortions , the statistics are n't accurate . 
  people in general do n't like change , what i meant is that the mindset you commonly associate with political conservatism is n't popular . 
  religion is something you do in private , tits and genitalia are n't censored in public , abortion is legal since the 70s , unis are free and no one dares to touch the social security net et al. 
  of course , what would i as a citizen of austria know about the mindset and values of the austrian people .
