  iirc we only ever used the sniper variant i think sniper rifles are banned on principle because they can `` outrange '' the police and it 's not obvious where the shots come from . 
  student union reps worldwide live in their own pc bubble . 
  you get those types over here as well . 
   the only thing they have n't yet fixed is reputation . 
  i have to disagree here . 
  germany was repeatedly voted the world 's most popular country . 
  why would all those refugees want to go to germany if it 's supposedly perceived as a fascist state . 
  everyone makes jokes about other countries . 
  germans are nazis , the french are cowards , british people are all chavs and so on . 
  i very much doubt they 'd scapegoat eastern europe to `` fix their reputation '' . 
  i also think that merkel is incompetent . 
  she does n't rule she just tries to keep her party in power with populist bullshit . 
  she is known to wait for opinion polls so she 'll know what kind of action will bring her the most votes . 
  hence that reckless `` everyone welcome '' statement . 
  now , since the public opinion 's changed , she denies ever having invited the refugees to come here in the first place . 
  she 's completely reactionary instead of proactive . 
  i 've never heard of people going all serial killer after the horrors of ww1 and ww2 . 
  what would be the point , they 'll be deported after their sentence anyway . 
  he 's also in perpetual solitary confinement . 
  they have to give him some entertainment if he is n't allowed to talk to people for the rest of his life . 
  no worries, 
  we had one . 
  and they used the opportunity to rob the nation blind . 
  but these are presidential elections and our president has de facto no real power . 
  our far right is n't alt right . 
  yes . 
  but not officially racist . 
  more post - may tory than bnp . 
  economically left though . 
  some people voted for brexit because they hoped it would destroy the eu, 
  the us is in itself a union like the eu . 
  your love for good old europe brings a tear to my eye , friend . 
  i do n't care about the opinion of experts . 
  stop project fear now !, 
  the eu unfortunately does n't deal with regional governments . 
  scotland needs to go independent if they want any sort of deal, 
  we got rid of nobility and people still come to see our palaces, 
  by that point the republic was already dismantled, 
  afaik he needs to be on british territory to be granted asylum by the british government . 
  doubt they 'd let him land . 
  his party came second and was the minor partner in a coalition when he was declared chancellor . 
  so he was elected , but only by a minority . 
  according to german law , you can only be granted asylum if you already are on german territory . 
  easy decision tbh . 
  happened before . 
  several times . 
  the military is trained in plotting coups by now . 
  i misread the comment , sorry, 
  if this is a secular coup i highly doubt the military will attack israel or destabilise the region . 
  they are in most countries with a press codex, 
  this is beyond ridiculous, 
  they still are . 
  this does not correlate with what the chinese state media is reporting http://shanghaiist.com/2016/06/24/china_brexit_response.php, 
  because westminster is such a beacon of worker 's rights and morals . 
  the eu fought more for the british working class than the tories ever did . 
  where 's the leave campaign 's accountability for all the broken promises ? 
  the parliament votes on and must approve every law proposed . 
  the only impending disaster is the uk 's self imposed downfall . 
  i too dread the jewish world government . 
  if only we could elect the members of that institution democratically . 
  those bastards bring us nothing but peace and prosperity . 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  europeans have had enough of facts, 
  hush . 
  do n't mention the brown parts of the commonwalth, 
  how dare you belittle ** great ** britain . 
  britons have had enough of pesky facts . 
  stop project reason now . 
  that was a lie . 
  they pay about 120m . 
  also they ca n't negotiate as long as they do n't know what they can offer . 
  imagine them offering access to scottish oil and then scotland leaving a few months later . 
  maybe you meant the eu ? 
  europe is only larger of you count european russia, 
  at least they are n't poles, 
  you said austria might follow britain . 
  now suddenly you deny that austria has a chance to quit the eu . 
  and how can you get a majority in the parliament with 20 % ? 
  70 % of austrians are pro eu , only the populist party ever criticises the eu and they have never been in power . 
  even if they win the next election they need a coalition partner and guess what ? 
  there are no other eurosceptic parties . 
  you are talking out of your ass . 
  you need to rejoin first, 
  also the uk used 250 bn pound to prop up their currency while the euro zone did not . 
  austrian support for the eu is at 70 % . 
  this article is pulling shit out of their ass, 
  yet the populistic far right is on its best way to win the next election . 
  smart of them to think of the consequences after they voted . 
  stop fearmongering you fucking experts, 
  i do n't know . 
  i never intended to move outside the schengen zone, 
  i 'm just being realistic, 
  guess you 're right, 
  the only union falling apart is the uk, 
  that 's what you get if you run a campaign motivated by emotions not reason . 
  only if they are really glutinous, 
  how serious is the leavers 's claim that france will follow suite and leave ? 
  i know fn wants out but is there any real risk ? 
  their claim about austria leaving is completely fabricated, 
  but 1 . those people do n't get into power in germany and 2 .
