  he wants a say in count von trolls karma exports . 
  six feet under , where he belongs . 
  i stand partly corrected . 
  austro-bavarian actually . 
  as a native speaker of austro-bavarian , i consider berlinerisch a full dialect . 
  i barely understood the natives when i was visiting earlier this year . 
  no volksbetrug.net , stormfront would require those morons to be able to speak english . 
  the banker had neither hooked nose nor star of david cufflinks in the [ original version ] ( http://futurezone.at/mmedia/medienpool/2012-08-19/13910_fe6.jpg ) of the cartoon . 
  forum members of an extreme right wing site edited that in . 
  it 's subtle but still anti-semitic . 
  [ source in german ] ( http://futurezone.at/netzpolitik/10782-strache-antisemitischer-cartoon-auf-facebook.php ), 
  your english is so what from under all pig , i believe i spider . 
  all of them . 
  it 's two millennia too late for that unfortunately . 
  interesting , you 're using a german browser . 
  might as well change your flag to the proper one . 
  there are still plenty of left wing extremists , take the black bloc and anti-gemans for example . 
  the point is extremists , no matter which kind , ca n't be reasoned with . 
  they are violent for violence 's sake . 
  do n't be silly , it was clearly heavy metal that made him do it . 
  if only he would use that energy and passion to do something positive instead . 
  iirc hungary fell to the ottoman empire and was separated into three parts until the hre reconquered it . 
  there surely was resistance - , the defence of belgrade in the 1450s was pretty heroic - and they held out a long time before the ottoman empire invaded , but they ultimately failed . 
  what i meant to say was that they are , unlike gsg-9 , deployed daily - just like swat . 
   since the 1970s , each sek has handled several thousand deployments . 
  the front-runner is the sek of the berlin police with up to 500 deployments a year , an average of 1.4 deployments a day . 
  gsg-9 is a counter terrorist unit , it 's not really comparable to swat . 
  the german counterpart to swat would be the sek , who see roughly the same action as the american special response unit . 
  well , at least you resisted unlike certain other nations . 
  this reminds me a lot of the relationship between austria and prussia . 
  it did n't work out so well the last time we held the holy land . 
  vienna already houses one half of the european un , i doubt there 's room for all those eu organisations . 
  ironic since fucking is full of british tourists who are quite anti-eu, 
  both surstr\u00f6mming and lutfisk are acquired tastes that i ca n't be bothered to acquire . 
  seriously , how can you people eat that stuff . 
  certain groups of immigrants are trying to reintroduce concepts that have been absent from europe since the beginning of the age of enlightenment like honour killings , vendettas , blood feuds or the oppression of women . 
  those people can not be reasoned with . 
  it 's not really about culture war - the only people who advocate that are far right nuts - but rather protecting our values . 
  they already did . 
  while hc strache certainly is a racist xenophobic populist moron i would n't consider him `` dangerous '' . 
  his goons might be , he himself not so much . 
  he has no real power , he just says whatever 's popular with the simple people and repeats that ad nauseum to get votes - and with it - money . 
  i came here to say this . 
  i think they are fascinated not because they want to build a dystopian superstate but rather because they once lived in a dystopian superstate . 
  just claim he 's austrian , no one will know the difference . 
  if only . . got yelled at in jerusalem for daring to say `` achtung , hinter dir '' ( watch out , behind you ) to my sister . 
  you really think that an ultra righr wing republican knows something about a foreign country ? 
  is northern england and cornwall pro-eu ? 
  if txampion is vice-president why is greece still part of the eu ? 
  he already was greek . 
  i think he was north korean for a short while as well . 
  he certainly travels a lot for someone who lives under a bridge . 
  me personally ? 
  i do n't understand anything about economics and , to be honest , i 'd rather keep my mouth shut and let someone smarter than me decide than to spout populist bullshit about something i do n't fully understand . 
  i just hope whatever germany does is the right thing because , as i said , our government will most likely copy it . 
  in general - most likely because our economy is doing fine all things considered - i 've noticed an extreme indifference about the topic . 
  the only people with a strong opinion about it i 've encountered are rather simple people with a strong right wing leaning who tend to talk the usual nonsense about leaving the eu . 
  austria 's current government has no spine , they will blindly copy and support whatever germany is doing . 
  be it good or bad for the union . 
  apparently yes . 
  http://de.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/bild_ ( zeitung ) #section _ 4, 
  do n't worry , they got what they deserved . 
  that 's an urban myth , they renamed the tabloid for marketing purposes, 
  austria introduced tuition fees for foreigners recently ( to keep the germans out who flood our unis ) . 
  i believe it 's about 300 $ per semester for eu citizens . 
  does milka export to non german-speaking europe ? 
  would you include those more unusual flavours lindt makes in that statement ? 
  personally , i find them rather disgusting , especially chilly chocolate . 
  you seem awfully fit for someone who 's dead since 10 years . 
  i think we have some spare room if you want to join us . 
  you can be our honorary south tyrol . 
  happy cake day , sir . 
  they know nothing about history , do they ? 
  krone sells 2.9 mill copies . 
  heute reaches 1.1 mill . 
  there are 8,5 mill austrians . 
  roughly half of them read propaganda and do n't even realise that . 
  who ? 
  a lot of people here are so called '' birth certificate christians '' non believing non practicing christians , or rather agnostics in the closet , who do n't believe in god but stay in the church and pay their church tax because they either want a white wedding for tradition 's sake or because their older relatives want them to . 
  it 's actually . 
  more socially acceptable to be a non believer than to be a practicing christian if you 're under 50 . 
  die bild only influences a few million of the 80 odd million germans . 
  the dichand propaganda empire reaches roughly 43 percent of all austrians.we have it a bit worse i think . 
  why do people even read heute . . ok it 's free and there 's a sudoku in it , but seriously , some people actually read that thing ? 
  do n't be so hard on yourselves , have you ever met rich russian tourists ? 
  since the early 2000s kitzb\u00fchl and the surrounding ski resorts are fucking flooded with russian oligarchy . 
  those handful of ill behaving british tourists we used to have are nothing compared to them . 
  [ you should let a doctor check that cough ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_the_teutoburg_forest ), 
  i think our dragoons ran out of horses . 
  can you bring some over ? 
  populism . 
  works wonders on the ignorant masses . 
  except for germany who massacred the invading roman armies and conquered rome a few centuries later, 
  there were a few periods of time where the emperors of the hre were not austrian . 
  though the main reason why i differentiate the two is because the austrian emperor was a strong absolute monarch while the emperors of the hre were mainly weak elected figureheads . 
  which one ? 
  german , french , austrian , hre or star wars ? 
  we 're on it . 
  the data is from 2010 when the greek government was still manipulating their official economic statistics . 
  seems like we 're all leeching off switzerland .
