  i am more surprised by the people in the comments who are mad at merkel for `` intruding in domestic us affairs '' . 
  that 's the point . 
  i did . 
  it that case italy just had a really bad week . 
  your government did nothing after the 2002 record floods ? 
  or did you not get hit as hard as we did back then to learn the lesson ? 
   murders are bound to happen every day in a country that huge ~ ~ hardly . 
  germany is twice as large and has about 600 homicides per year . 
  italy may have a problem with violence . ~ ~, 
  to be fair , british libel laws are hardly better . 
  you can be fined for insulting * anyone * . 
  was n't there a guy a few years back who got fined because he made a joke about religion on a sign on his door which offended some passers by ? 
  the average gamer does n't follow press conferences and does n't read the news . 
  i 'm certain plenty of dudebros will pick the xbox up for cod and the sports games . 
  why do * we * still have conscription ? 
  oh yeah , because generation 65 + fucked the youth over in the last plebiscite . 
  24 sata belongs to the styria media ag which in turn belongs to the waz-group who own 50 % of the austrian dichand media empire which publishes all of our fearmongering right wing propaganda tabloids . 
  i saw `` killer-bacteria from mars , are we all going to die ? '', 
  once . 
  we have a lot of newspapers , only those 3 are awful . 
  you can easily switch to standard or kurier . 
  are there really people who take that newspaper seriously ? 
  austria actually has a history of defying any demands made by foreign powers . 
  be it the us/israel forbidding us to vote for a specific president or serbia demanding the extradition of one of their war criminals . 
  our politicians have no backbone but they value our neutrality which means we do n't do anything for anyone . 
  it 's a squirrels 's tail in an somewhat obscure dialect . 
  it 's used as * the * example of how germans ca n't pronounce our words correctly . 
  same thing with `` essbesteck '' for hungarians . 
  only in vienna proper . 
  the rest of the country is way more relaxed than germany . 
  unless you forget to mention someone 's title . 
  i was aware of that , 
  you have to have a sense of humour to endure hc strache and his party of morons . 
  never seen that one before . 
  same thing in austria, 
  i see your cardinals are as stuck in the past as ours . 
  i did n't follow the news lately . 
  why kazachstan exactly ? 
  what do they want from us ? 
  that was a given from the start . 
  the old hag just wanted to stall until the september elections to convince the eurosceptics that she 's fighting for the austrian people and get them to vote for her party . 
  she 's still trying to sell this as a major victory though . 
  he also posted a screenshot from reddit when he was txampion where the ui was in german which only happens if your browser is set to german as default language . 
  to be fair , that 's the case in pretty much every state in every nation . 
  while there are equal amounts of depressives in every nation , the easier it is to get a gun , the easier it is to end your life during an extended down period . 
  the fact that every male swiss guy has a rifle at home due to conscription does n't really help . 
  we can be glad that there is n't as much social tension and class struggle in switzerland as there is in the us though , else people would use the guns to kill each other instead of themselves . 
  ( which is bad enough ), 
  glock and steyr sell their stuff to foreign police and military forces mostly . 
  they do n't need to lobby for more liberal gun laws . 
   no psychological test made at all i think that 's the reason why guns in switzerland are mostly used for suicide . 
  if that would happen here , the jeweller would go to prison for murder . 
  he would get a reduced term mind you , but still . 
  happens at least twice a year in austria . 
  the safes need to be locked and inaccessible for minors as well . 
  there are two licenses : to acquire a gun possession license which enables you to buy category b ( see further down ) weapons : * you must be citizen of an eec county * you must pass a few tests on proper gun usage and maintenance as well as gun laws * you must be 21 + * you ca n't have a criminal record * you must be mentally stable and pass a psychological profiling * you need to state a justification . 
  self defence does not count . 
  people with this license are subject to random police inspections which happen about twice a year where they check if the gun is stored the right way ( inaccessible for minors , unloaded , locked , ammo stored in separate place ) . 
  repeat offenders get their license revoked and their guns confiscated until they reacquire the license by passing the tests again.they must also submit to further psychological tests every 5 years or so ( not sure ) . 
  the second license is a gun carrying license which enables the user to carry a gun in public . 
  those are only issued to policemen and members of the army while in uniform . 
  hunters have a modified gun carrying license which allows them to transport and carry a rifle in their previously assigned hunting territory during hunting season and only during hunting season . 
  people are however free to transport their gun in an unloaded state to shooting ranges or home . 
  guns are split into 4 categories : cat a : completely illegal for civilians : * fully automatic guns * pump-action shotguns * suppressors * sniper scopes cat b : gun possession license required : * hand-fire weapons * everything half automatic * repeating rifles cat c : guns acquirable without gun possession license ( age 18 + ) , need to be registered with the government * drillings ( combination guns ) * double barrelled shotguns cat d : misc guns , acquirable without license ( age 18 + ) * air guns * soft guns * guns built before 1871 i 'm not an expert on gun law , so please correct me if i 've confused something, 
  remember the [ minister who fought the entire eu ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1cbp30/what_are_the_big_stories_in_your_bit_of_europe_14/c9eyxdj ) to protect the `` constitutional austrian banking secret '' and made a fool of herself and all of austria ? 
  last week a letter to the ecb and other eu institutions was leaked in which she assured that she will change the banking secret under some conditions shortly after the election in september , signed by the chancellor and her . 
  she was not ready to comment on the matter . 
  the sad thing is that her party will be re-elected anyway because old people vote for parties they 've always voted for , ignoring all scandals . 
  the state of salzburg is voting today . 
  that would n't be all that exciting usually , but the current government lost several hundred million euros in shady high risk deals over the last few years . 
  they are fearing the backlash . 
  which is exactly how older austrians would answer . 
  ( minus the abortion thing . 
  most religious people would answer that they would never have one but that they are glad everyone is given a choice ) you may collect your new passport at your local embassy . 
  seems more or less accurate for our older generations . 
  they could n't be more off with religion for anyone under 50 though . 
  what did you answer ? 
  i trust the un , tolerate gays , dislike the church and hate my government like a typical austrian yet the survey made me czech . 
  i 'm not home right now but this guy 's [ photographs on deviant art ] ( http://burtn.deviantart.com/gallery/?sort=popularity&amp;catpath=/&amp;q= ) fit right in here . 
  politicians used that as an excuse for blocking it . 
  at least over here . 
  wait , it 's cheaper for you to drive all the way to hungary to buy cigs in bulk and drive all the way back than to buy them in styria ? 
  he changes the points every two minutes ... for example : he declared that the schilling must be introduced in order for austria to survive ( even though it would ruin our export economy ) a day later he declared we have to introduce `` national euros '' for every country in the eu . 
  then he assured the voters that he will fight for a north and south euro . 
  whenever people ask for details or point at flaws in his plans he starts yelling , protesting that only he knows how the economy works and that only a billionaire would understand . 
  you should have seen that interview . . 
  it might as well be . 
  some 80 something billionaire decided that after a failed horse racing track and failed experiment with managing a football club he has to start a party . 
  he bought the most corrupt mps and got into the parliament . 
  after that , he declared that he has the final say in anything the party does . 
  he gave an interview on national tv where he yelled at the poor host for 15 minutes because he is n't used to be criticised or questioned since he 's been surrounded by ass kissers since the 80s . 
  he also seemed to be more than a bit senile . 
  i can post a link to the interview if you speak german . 
  despite all that , he was still the third strongest party in the last state elections in lower austria . . 
  most if not all of them protest voters . 
  how the hell do they get to the uk ? 
  last winter 9km of copper wiring in our railroads suddenly disappeared over night . 
  turned out some so called `` eastern european crime tourists '' ( = press code word for gypsy gangs ) stole them and sold them on the black market . 
  was n't the first time something like that happened . 
  blame the hungarians , we keep it clean .
