  of course so following the rules of socialism we should make romania 's internet just as shitty as in the us . 
  maybe he 'll give romania some comcast . 
  hahaha yes . 
  another response to this tweet was something like : ` here in romania our internet is so fast that we already have the news of you losing the elections ' . 
  pretty salty haha, 
  timi\u0219oara and sibiu in romanian and english . 
  madagascar will be closing it 's ports soon . 
  maybe it 's the different type of [ fur ] ( http://g04.s.alicdn.com/kf/htb1kgcvivxxxxawxfxxq6xxfxxxs/leopard-dress-women-fashion-summer-leopard-dress.jpg ) that you guys do n't like . 
  well do you ? 
  they are really getting a nice streak here . 
  when are they going to look in the appropriation of funding for highway construction though . 
  ah thanks , i remember now reading about it . 
  what is he being accused of ? 
  he was intertwining the names of orban and lukashenko i believe . 
  good find . 
  nothing about romania but i suppose they are a potential route as well . 
  it 's funny because hungary and romania have some history . 
  also is n't this a conference about the western balkan route ? 
  to include bulgaria and even romania seems like stretching the definition a bit . 
  lol the contact for romania is mr. leonard orban . 
  the fact that he just escaped and there was no big search for him , even though he had posed with an isis flag for a photo , baffles my mind . 
  also it is moroccan :p, 
  what a sight this must 've been before most of the greek were relocated . 
  prepare for annexation of italy and spain !, 
  protect our minorities !, 
  that 's right , yet the nationalism in the france and uk is n't as strong there as in the balkans . 
  people there hear stories from their grandparents about how other countries have fucked them over once in history . 
  nothing you are saying really contributes anything relevant to the article or my comments . 
  do you have any better ideas why serbia would choose russia over the us ? 
  for the first part of your comment i would like to say that you are right and it is a disgrace we let a war in europe happen . 
  but . . ahem . . it is still happening today in ukraine . 
  so we did n't really learn anything . 
  for the second part of your comment . 
  i do n't even know where to begin . 
  maybe all the wars it started in the middle east ? 
  toppling governments and not installing a powerfull new one was a mistake and know systematic killing of ethnice minorties is happening now by isis . 
  it is an indirect result yet not being able to install a working democracy before leaving was a mistake . 
  this article was about whether serbia would choose russia over other partners . 
  i tried to make some analysis of the reasons behind that . 
  you on the other hand are going off topic . 
  so i would like to ask you whether you think it plausible that serbians feel more affinity for russia than any other nation . 
  great points , also does n't the graph say ` millioane evra ' which means million euros ? 
  i mentioned the bombings because they happened only some 16 years ago . 
  therefore a lot of the serbians will remember that event as an attack on their nation . 
  pretty cool statistics . 
  yet the point i was trying to make was that i do n't think it strange that the patriarch said that . 
  nationalism and historic events are being taught to every new generation . 
  and from a historic perspective you can argue that russia is a better ally . 
  the statistics only confirm this . 
  the fact that us and other nations give money is maybe because most of those nations bombed the country ? 
  also i just read on [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato_bombing_of_yugoslavia#damage_and_economic_loss ) that the economical loss from the bombing were 29.6 billion usd . 
  so the ~ 7.5 billion given is just a drop in the bucket for restoring infrastructure and such . 
  i heard from a friend that the kosovo region and most of southern serbia is still full of crumbling bouldings and bullet holes . 
  which are a constant reminder of the bombings . 
  serbia has a lot of reasons to choose russia over other european nations and the us . 
  historicaly speaking it has been bombed by a coalition of us and european countries and fought a devestating war against the austrian-hungarians in the great war . 
  much of the serbs ' history is dealing with the ottomans on their own so they do n't feel much affinity for the other big christian nations that could 've liberated them . 
  russia being one of the few powerful imperii fighting the turks and being of slavic origin creates a bond . 
  so i do n't think it is a strange thing . 
  edit : a lot of you seem to be downvoting this . 
  i do n't really get why as i am simply trying to explain the reasoning behind the choise for russia over others . 
  if you want to debate that than you should leave a comment . 
  the moldovans in romania that is , 
  this is so sad , this disease is thriving due to lack of education and poverty . 
  maybe it was exactly what he meant, 
  they do , but it is easier to connect to the rest of europe through constanta . 
  it has the danube behind it and there will be less mountains to cross . 
  marseille , france, 
  do n't worry it is n't like last time the us was jumping at the opportunity to join the war in europe but eventually they did . 
  they will have to if they do n't want to seem weak . 
  if they just let there allies down that will look very bad on them and their influence around the world . 
   they have the looks of both aryans and the vikings !, 
  they are tall , and of course hospitable . 
  so they look like vikings ? 
  they do n't know the picture . 
  also aryan roma ? 
  lol  the three europeans were surprised about why unlike the 18,000 roma people based in europe '' there is a lot more than 18,000 roma in europe . 
  this article is so much bullshit . 
  i thought we did n't do janissaries any more ? 
  ah alright , thank you for telling me . 
  after reading some of the other comments i see that it also is the coroana de o\u021bel , `` crown of steel '' , forged from ottoman cannons symbolizing the bravery of the romanians . 
  how did dalibomba get popular in poland, 
  but what actually changed ? 
  just the crown ? 
  that is a bit awkward with the president sanctioning it . 
  edit : ah alright i get it now , it is the crown of steel . 
  i am ashamed for not knowing this . 
  my forefathers will curse me from beyond the unknown and even on the highest peak of the carpathians i wo n't be save from the long pitch forks of justice . 
  i will be bound to the moldoveanu waiting in anguish for the sunrise when my daily punishment begins , the bright rays of sunlight will dart my bone white vampire skin making me suffer immensely but not enough to die . 
  i pray to zalmoxis so that he might forgive me and take me away from this shameful display . 
  of course it 's cuba asking that question now , 
  they try to combat stupidity with even more stupidity and it makes me cringe just watching this . 
  yeah but only student at polytechnic or university level . 
  students then get to choose between nationwide free transportation on the weekdays monday till friday or friday afternoon till sunday . 
  here in the netherlands we do n't have free transportation . 
  only students have that . 
  and around rush hours we usually suffer from lack of space . 
  moroccan and dutch citizenships wow what a surprise :-|, 
  reading cyrillic is the easy part . 
  you 're playing with fire boiii,
