  well as a wise man once said : `` with great power comes great responsibility '' . 
  did u just mention the subreddit-we-must-not-mention ?? 
  thanks , i probably thought so because of all the multinational companies in iasi . 
  maybe it has to do with tax cuts given to them by the corrupt local municipality ? 
  good to hear . 
  how can you live without romania 's top resource , internet ? 
  anyway it must have been fun moving in these tumultuous times of brexit . 
   our banknotes i see you 're integrating nicely / u/professionalwil , how has the moving been ? 
  in the article they focused a lot on the tech aspect , apps and programs can be sold worldwide also you can get a lot more done with your starting capital , coming from the uk , if resources and services cost less . 
  my question is why do they only advertise for transylvania . 
  only because of the name ? 
  i thought moldova was the place where most of the techies study . 
  are you serious ? 
  if you 're starting a business than highly educated people for a small salary sounds incredible . 
  vital difference between content and consent , learn it guys !, 
  here here . . have some wine, 
  because the good life man , it feels good . 
  surely most muslims make a distinction between the house of saud and the kaaba in meccah ? 
  they only have money because we keep buying their oil . 
  we have only ourselves to blame , if we really wanted to we could switch to nuclear and wind power . 
  thank mr. birdyjoehoaks . 
  send the troops , surround the place with lots of guns and boats , retrieve her and give her some hot chocolate and a blanket . 
  fuck this , football world cup should be canceled if anyone that gets raped gets charged with this . 
  i got that reference :d, 
  do you know why udmr won in satu mare ? 
  are there that many secui over there ? 
  great pictures man !, 
  wow clotilde armand was so close , 28,8 % vs 31,30 % . 
  probably swooping in to take the empty throne from our absent king michael . 
  ah , i only now see that you 've replied . 
  thanks for your honest answer . 
  anyway i would like to ask how the people around you reacted when you announced you were moving to romania . 
  is your partner really into it ? 
  maybe you should start an ama :d, 
  arjghgh , those damn british stealing our jobs and undercutting the rest of us . 
  grmfgh seriously though , what are your motivations for moving there ? 
  do you happen to know any sources for this ? 
  i could feel your emotions through this comment . 
  so you could say they are kind of . . `` pissed off ? '', 
  i 'll show myself out . 
  hungary performing it 's sacred duty of keeping the uk free of socks and flip flops wearing , job stealing , hard working , orthodox , tuica drinking rascals from the danubian principalities . 
  in exchange they will finally have nagy magyarorszag . 
  that video is the realization of nigel farage 's nightmares . 
  maybe some football players will even get a spot in their national team if romania starts losing in france . 
  assemble the hordes and open the floodgates !!!, 
  jobs are back on the menu boys, 
  hehehe 1 - anecdotal remark 2 - counter anecdotal remark 1 - i 'm more anecdotal than you 2 - but look at my anecdotal-remark o'meter , it 's over 9000 , 
  are you serious ? 
  how can you compare the soviet union , which is a `` collective '' of stalinist states , to nato , a free will based defensive alliance . 
  there is a reason eastern-european countries would rather join nato . 
  that 's some pretty interesting terminology . 
  a good example of simple words having a deeper meaning , through context . 
  nato could have rejected their memberships if they felt like it would not be appropriate . 
  on the other hand the eastern-european nations in question can do whatever they want , it 's not the 80 's . 
  this goes back to the ` spheres of influence negotiated after the second world war ' . 
  it is the idea that russia should be the superpower that all of eastern-europe has to look up to . 
  which takes all of the autonomy out of the hands of millions of people living in the east . 
  it is not for the us nor russia to decide the future of eastern-european democracies . 
  they have just as much right to self-determination as them . 
   the fifth-largest group of asylum seekers in germany currently hails from russia , with around 2,770 refugees . 
  russia follows syria , afghanistan , iran , and iraq . 
  it 's just 2,770 russians ( 80 % of them chechens ) how would they be causing instability that the syrians ( 800k ) , afghans , iranians and iraqis wo n't . 
  this is just a theory made up by someone that has some left over cold war paranoia . 
  not everything that comes from russia is evil , god . 
  well said, 
  there must be a more efficient way , swedes are much closer !, 
  depends on how much we pay the romanians or polish to pick them , since our own people are too lazy to get up their couch . 
  trying to distract the angry protesters on the streets eh ? 
  when you put it like that it does seem a bit like an organized ` death ' . 
  also very usefull when you 've become romania 's most hated person overnight . 
  wtf , this is an outrage . 
  this guy got the easy way out with his car accident . 
  it is sad to think how many people suffered because of this . 
  now we only need to find a way to apply string-theory to this and send it to elon musk for profit . 
  it 's the same , aaanyway greaat job of butchering the joke guys  . 
  yeah i agree that in order to stimulate the domestic market they should give the order to a romanian producer , i do n't really now if they have any capable ones though and the article does n't really give that much detail about how and why . 
  maybe they want to continue producing for chrysler in romania ? 
  i do n't know . 
  and indeed ideally you would have one kind of multi-purpose swiss knife type of vehicle but that 's not realistic because every now and then you are going to buy new ones which are probably different from the edition you bought 20 years ago , or a different brand all together . 
  also romanian forces are not purely for defence as they are playing a role most of the recent middle-east intervention by the us , that makes that they have to be more adaptable . 
  oh yeah , also the reason why romania is going to buy american is because they try to please them maybe ? 
  romania got more nato troops stationed ( mainly from the us ) there this year . 
  and this might be their way to thank them ? 
  it does because according to this law the answer would be no . 
  which in turn confirms the law . 
  would you answer it with yes then the answer to the title should have been no . 
  you see what i mean ? 
  i get that just the title does n't seem contradictory but given that we have some context as to what the title is implying it is . 
  [ look up the definition of paradoxal ] ( http://www.dictionary.com/browse/paradoxal ) it can either seem contradictory at first glance or it is contradictory . 
  lol !, 
  they use [ a lot of different equipment . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/equipment_of_the_romanian_armed_forces ) but that is probably because a lot of the vehicles were acquired at different times . 
  it has only been about 26 years since the fall of ceaucescu so naturally they are also going to have a lot of soviet stuff lying around . 
  apart from that , it is not so strange to have different kind of ships , planes or helicopters because there are different situations were different capabilities are required . 
  a great paradoxal title of a newspaper should be : `` is betteridge 's law of headlines allways correct ? '', 
  in the article it says that this is the first time that the romanian militaries budget will live up to the required 2 % of the national budget . 
  apart from that they argue that due to the size of their order , a lot of the production can be done in romania in order to stimulate struggling companies there . 
  strange i also got 79 % . 
  a lot of them were doable with a litle bit of logic and common sense . 
  why would you get downvoted ?
