  this is correct . 
  most of the comments here are positive and the only negative top comment is by a romanian , and he is probably just displaying our famous morbid humour . 
  it is indeed a problem that people associate romania with nasty things but to let the negatives drown out the majority of reactions which are positive is not the way . 
  it will only breed contempt for other europeans . 
  there has been a huge base of support from other nationalities on this subreddit for the recent reforms romania is going through and i think this base will only grow with the more good things that are done in romania . 
  heck i even saw a lot of hungarians giving us support , how cool is that !, 
  the future is bright ; romanian economy is one of the biggest growers in europe , less people are leaving the country , the youth wants to stay in romania in order to improve the country , corrupt politicians are getting their ass kicked and kovesi will continue her efforts . 
  do n't get disheartened by the haters , every country has them . 
  it 's more so a matter of ignorance then true informed opinion . 
  ah yes i see the title in the top right corner : graieste moldovenesti - gheaghea vanea . 
  the song sounds a lot like romanian . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/kzelrlh_pjq?t=3m ), 
  that 's true but there will still need to be a way normal transport could continue, 
  coud n't you just swim underneath that ? 
  the is twitter accounts were sometimes kept open by suggestion of intelligence agencies . 
  this way they could monitor those who follow and like isis and also there has been an instance where an isis fighter gave away his position via twitter and he got bombed immediately by using forces . 
  on the one hand you say she does n't show leadership and on the other hand you say she was going against popular will . 
  doing that takes tremendous leadership and will . 
  hehe , i got that reference, 
  wat , i think he meant it more in teh sense of : ` what is this and what is written on the sign ? ', 
  cool map !, 
  ehrr . . [ it 's a germanic loan word ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/chic ), 
  [ 5 hours later ] ( https://lehollandaisvolant.net/tout/folio/img/spongebob%20time%20cards/5%20hours%20later.jpg ), 
  the title should be -  szekely skeleton found in romania, 
  ` the whole ' ? 
  even the 20-40 % that actually agree ? 
  do n't generalise like this , it creates unnecessary divides . 
  this person knows what 's up !, 
  it seems no-one can find the proper subreddit , 
  it 's so stupid , his wife is hungarian . 
  a bit of double-standards . 
  maybe she convinced him that hungary is central europe , 
  this is exactly what i meant, 
  i was more shocked about the fact that she used to be his high school teacher , all jokes aside people loose their jobs for that kind of stuff . 
  i 'm not bothered by the rumours of him being gay . 
  i 'm more shocked by him being married to a 24 year older woman who used to be his high school teacher . 
  ca n't be too healthy . 
  he is 39 and she is 63 edit : i mean this woman saw him develop from a young boy into a man , it seems a bit strange to me that she would be interested in him after that . 
  every couple of years the focus changes onto the next immigrant group . 
  i 'm a simple dutchman , when i see dunes , i upvote, 
  romania 's former communist dictator and wife being executed for crimes against humanity . 
  is n't that the same journalist that gets attacked by bruno as in the op 's clip ? 
  obviously not tho, 
  had no idea what this represented so i thought every blue dot was a protest or something, 
  28.000 in bucharest , 1.000 at bra\u0219ov , 1.000 at timi\u0219oara and constan\u021ba , at cluj napoca over 5.000 people and at sibiu -- 2.000-3 .000 people . 
  hundreds of protestors in pite\u0219ti , ploie\u0219ti , gala\u021bi , ia\u0219i , arad , oradea and other big cities . 
  was a great movie to watch , 
  found the professor !, 
  whew the [ ijsselmeer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ijsselmeer ) actually has less people inhabiting it now , what a shocker !, 
  this sounds like a top gear joke , did clarkson make this joke once ? 
  this is about cars being sold < ( 0.0 ) < ^ it 's ^ a ^ joke, 
  american culture vs dutch people . 
  in jcutter 's comment history you can read how he says that all dutch people are xenophobes and all round assholes . 
  that 's a pretty hateful thing to say about a people . 
  wow i did and it seems he has  i have a deep and abiding hatred for dutch people . 
  lol in a country of 17 million he claims that all of them are xenophobes . 
  cool !, 
  what 's your angle ? 
  i 'm saying the exact opposite of what you think i said, 
  canada of the eu as in it has a neighbouring country that could steamroll it in a mather of days ? 
  this is going to be so close . 
  i hope the least corrupt one will win , 
  centuries !, 
  the fact that the netherlands is one of the countries with the least deaths from mass shootings shows that you do n't need to arm the public to protect them . 
  if we allow people to acquire guns now it will only make our country less safe . 
  instead of making the country more safe through arming the population , lets begin with tracking illegal arms trade , tackling poverty and mental issues and more police on the streets and other ways to counter terrorists . 
  ofcourse i did . 
  it was part of my curriculum for the opa en oma kinderdagverblijf . 
  you must be fun at parties , 
  that 's the part that 's strange to you ? 
  to protect from what ? 
  we 're doing just fine right now . 
  i do n't trust most of my countrymen to start giving out guns . 
  before you know it well get school shootings like in the usa . 
  no thanks . 
  wow so cool that the countries fit so well together that they form the actual european continent :o it 's like a perfect puzzle . 
  i agree , we should also avoid polarisation and look for the dialogue with people we do n't agree with to see their point of view . 
  these days people seem to have lost the ability to discuss in a civil manner . 
  i 'd be interested how many of the commenters actually read the article . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty surprised to see the reaction of the community . 
  the definition of a fool . 
  why is this not a sticky ? 
  or at least a romanian election sticky , we had an idiotic finnish dish yp in the green for a couple of days . 
  exactly i ca n't believe this , there are about [ 4,4 million outside romania . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_diaspora ), 
  another reason might be that a lot of the people from a certain background will form their own groups around their shared interest like the mosque . 
  their social circle wo n't include people with a different view and it causes parallel societies to sprout . 
  it 's just one example and i think in the end everyone is going to have their own sets of reasons why they will go to syria . 
  apart from the muslims not feeling like part of belgium , what would you say is the reason that there are so many isis combatants from belgium ? 
  absolutely nothing , but i 'm trying to make a point of the belgian identity not being very strong . 
  i think that might be just one of the reasons that there seem to be more people open to isis in belgium . 
  a lot of social cohesion problems , people feel they are rather flemish or walloon instead of belgian . 
  so how should the north-african immigrants feel ? 
  well she is really doing well for the referendum , let 's hope she 's also doing good for the people of the uk , 
  this is some great research . 
  i hope politicians will see this and figure that changes need to happen . 
  or is heee ... boo, 
  it 's fun trying to pronounce what you wrote, 
  and what was your reason to ? 
  are you happy with the way things are going now ?
