  may be it should be forbidden ? 
  do not forget to check also every baby . 
  probably those babies are very dangerous criminals ... 
  news about russia . 
  in russian . 
  anti-putin , of course . 
  pro-western , of course, 
  he is dead ( reported by ria ), 
  i want to help you , but i cant . 
  people in uk voted for brexit . 
  and with brexit an access to the single finance market is possible only having common job market . 
  ups . 
  uk voted against common job market ... 
  probably i could clarify situation instead of busy uk chancellor . 
  uk can not have access to the single marker , because brexit means brexit . 
  ok . now i understood why euronews became so russatoday-like . 
  i see no problem here . 
  stop giving visa to eu for anybody in turkey and deal done . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  history of russia is one big fake including partly those letters and especially this trash known as `` the tale of past years '' . 
  few variants , all fantastic . 
  and more inter\u0443sting presumably written in kiev , but describing novgorod !, 
  and of course . 
  this is the only and unique source of information about ancient russia history . 
  no other sources . 
  zero . 
  excellent . 
  you know , we , people from west , do not care about your `` culture '' , your myths and your proud . 
  note this, 
  and ? 
  excuse me , but this is usual fake . 
  there are no independent proves for those `` events '' in the history . 
  but this is true . 
  ukrainian has more common with polish than with russian . 
  in real life situation is a bit more complicated only due to because cyrillic letters . 
  i do not care about pillars , especially mythical pillars of so called russian culture . 
  russian culture was born in 19-th century . 
  google is not good enough for you , my russian friend ? 
  poland 1795/1918 is the same state ( from any point of view ) . 
  kievan rus ' and moscow russia are two different states . 
  and what ? 
  this is only russian point of view . 
  may be rus ' started at all in rome ? 
  so called the tale is usual mystification from the middle ages . 
  nope, 
  use google , please . 
  it is very simple . 
  who cares ? 
  in any case nobody knows who ruled , how and when . 
  in any case `` kievan rus ' '' is one story and `` moscow russia '' is completely different . 
  some common roots ? 
  why not . 
  similar languages ? 
  no problem . 
  same state ? 
  ha-ha . 
  in wikipedia you could find a lot of information . 
  in russia belorussian language is known as west-russian ( zapadno-russkij ) . 
  this is a low quality city legend . 
  * russians in 1300 is fantasy * church slavonic language is chimera * rurik dynasty is chimera . 
  nations are karl marx 's chimera . 
  belorussian language existed long before 1300 , the state also . 
  this is new trend in russia : we are the same nation !, 
  you are all russians . 
  interesting , that ukrainian language has more common with polish than with russian . 
  * different nation . 
  * different language . 
  * different dynasty . 
  point, 
  correct . 
  some root we could find in 1300-th . 
  in fact , only since 1300 we have real russia ( moscow-based ) . 
  before 1300 ther e is kiev rus ' , which has little common with moscow russia . 
  i do n't care about your identity , my dear small turk . 
  youe attempts t prove something are so pitiful ... with all respect , but you do not know either germany or europe or west . 
  you are typical propaganda 's victim and i grieve about it, 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  please , dear ngo , deisemabrk your migrants in libya . 
  it is so simple !, 
  right decision . 
  rescued people should be returned home as quickly as possible . 
  my dear friend from turkey . 
  your so called facts are just alternative truth . 
  in your head poisoned with propaganda . 
  try to attack erdogan , my dear friend . 
  but , i think you too coward to do it . 
  oh , really ? 
  your ignorance certainly has east roots . 
  as a turk you just do not understand what is marshall plan and what is democracy and how they are linked together . 
  interesting bullshit , my friend . 
  fortunately nobody cares about bullshit in your head . 
  eat this and live with this . 
  no , they lost in germany . 
  still in poland nazi is quite popular , and racism is common . 
  so , what is the problem ? 
  * return back to germany west territories , including breslau , posen , danzig , etc * pay compensation for the `` ethnic cleansing '' of millions germans expelled and killed after and during wwii . 
  and begin to talk about reparations . 
  of course poland have to get reparations from * ukraine * belarus * russia * austria * denmark * lithuania * mongolia * sweden * france did i forget something ? 
  are you really fucking serious about discussing reparations for the one eu country from another eu country because of something what happened 70 years before ?
