  no matter crisis or not . 
  i am disagree . 
  russia is not important for europe . 
  and it is good news for europe . 
   probably , sir !, 
  for me also it is just unbelievable ... 
  i do n't know . 
  still correlation between low level of education and approve homeopathy as medicine exists . 
  interesting , that i personally know one woman ( master degree in something humanitarian ) which seriously believes in homeopathy and was in a fury when her doctor refused to prescribe for her daughter homeopathy pills . 
  health insurance is not a business in germany . 
  correct . 
  you must ask them if they want to stay - to adopt your values - to be loyal to your country, 
  lack of education/knowledge . 
  also homeopathy is kind of tradition . 
  update : also homeopathy lobby ( in germany certainly ), 
  not a bad idea at all - homeopathy may be dangerous - homeopathy is useless - placebo effect is overrated with exception related to stress - homeopathy is paid from the insurance . 
  yes , probably, 
  may be you are right . 
  may be . 
  but i believe that their silence was paid well . 
  and , please , look from other point of view . 
  it is a crime to not report about crime . 
  you/me will be punished if we do not report about robbery . 
  athletes also supposed to blow whistle when the law is broken . 
  interesting , but all athletes in russia are clean ** now ** . 
  chief of moscow anti doping lab , mister rodchenko had destroyed 1714 probes . 
  when bulgarian weightlifting federation had been banned nobody protested against this decision . 
  the same situation is here . 
  russian federation keeps silence ? 
  ban this federation . 
  russian athletes said nothing against doping during last years ? 
  no reports to police , international organizations ? 
  it is just unfair competition . 
  ban them all . 
  the report is ready . 
  it is just a personal approval . 
  the approval for her party is much lower . 
  it is normal situation in germany, 
  and what ? 
  novaya gazeta is underground now and exists in internet only . 
  ekho moskvy is available only in internet and moscow , this radio station is fully controlled by kremlin . 
  dozhd is in fact dead . 
  critical is only novaya . 
  may be dozhd , but it is dead dog . 
  and when ceo of `` energy '' corporation became science fiction writer ? 
  when unknown bureaucrats from roskosmos became the right to spend money ? 
  budget is absent , buddy . 
  for example , rogozin is responsible person . 
  he is planning mars tomorrow , moon yesterday , quadracycled army , hiring world of tanks player for armored forces and bombing moldova . 
  nice guy . 
  very important person . 
  but !, 
  surprise !, 
  this is russia !, 
  there is no responsible persons in russia . 
  the only russian attempt to reach mars with pathetic fobos-grunt is ended in the pacific ocean . 
  russian phd is pure and absolute shit . 
  you may buy it anywhere . 
  or you may get in two years without any problems . 
  i know one phd in russia ( databases , it ) which does n't understand what is the key . 
  it seems that you do not understand silly russian reality : russian phd means nothing by definition ( too easy to get ) . 
  and every bureaucrat in russia has at least phd . 
  and what is the difference ? 
  in 2005 ceo of the energy promised moon base in 2015 . 
  in 2015 somebody from russia promises mars in 2029 . 
  mr sevastyanov is not scientist . 
  he is ceo of `` energy '' . 
  there were three main methods to buy good food ( or goods ) in ussr . 
  - trying to find something in shops . 
  it was difficult , not stable and normally you have stay few hours in long line . 
  - you may have connections ( in russian it is called blat < \u0431\u043b\u0430\u0442  ) in shops . 
  a director of a greengrocery was friend of my father , consequently the greengrocery was for us the source of so called delicatessen . 
  oranges or bananas . 
  yes , bananas in soviet union was exotic fruit . 
  - pay more ( use black market ) . 
  for example , jeans wrangler in 80-th costs around 80 roubles in a state shop . 
  but it was virtually impossible to find jeans in a shop . 
  so people without connections paid for such jeans 180-240 roubles per month . 
  in those time average salary was 180 roubles . 
  engineer - 130 . 
  just imagine that simple jeans costs more than your monthly salary ... 
  i am former ussr citizen . 
  ** the life was really boring . 
  ** i can not recall anything terrible , like plague or starvation , but the medicine in ussr ( especially stomatology ) was pitiful . 
  my father is a doctor , so i knew the situation good enough . 
  the education itself was not so bad , in some area competitive with good european education - i can compare with easy . 
  but a lot of time we have lost for strange disciplines like history of kpsu , marx-lenin philosophy , political economy of socialism and capitalism , military service , etc. 
  bad living conditions : small overcrowded and cold flats , tiny kitchens , bad furniture . 
  overcrowded public transport . 
  personal cars were counted as a luxury . 
  extremely bad and expensive service ( restaurants , hotels , bars ) . 
  all goods have terrible quality in best case , i could recall my tv which had been repaired every few months . 
  good food was not normally available in stores , you have to `` find '' it . 
  yes , probably you are right, 
  germany is so poor ? 
  between spain and italy ? 
  very interesting map ... 
  `` your opinion , mister trump , is very important for us !, 
  '' ( c ) germany, 
  thanks .
