  no , you , being poisoned by pis propaganda , hope to become reach having germany money . 
  hitler won ? 
  probably in poland , because nazism and racism are common . 
  in germany there is no such thing as nazism . 
  at least visible . 
  in worst case you may have deal with right radicalism . 
  nobody cares about the war happened 70 years ago , except you , your boss kaczynski and putin . 
  read the thread carefully . 
  according to the international agreement germany can ignore any requests for reparations ? 
  this is law of nature : if you loose anything ( war , for example ) then you must pay ( with money or freedom or reputation ) . 
  unfortunately some of those laws are cruel . 
  i am so sorry . 
  yes , this is the law of nature . 
  i do not understand why people are so angry with this ? 
  `` russia is evil empire '' . 
  again . 
  so bad reputation of your country is your fucking problem . 
  not mine . 
  sorry , but last point is fucking pure logic , my friend : do not lost war . 
  or you ( and your family ) will pay for your fault . 
  the pis government has the policy of governing by conflict . 
  not normal polish government . 
  it was sarcasm ... 
  i have better propositions : * ask russia for compensation . 
  poland was occupied in fact by communists . 
  * ask your government for compensation . 
  your government was very happy being under russia control . 
  * ask your grandparents for compensation . 
  they lost war with german in literally few weeks . 
  yes , we , europeans , know a lot . 
  even the interesting fact poland had annexed part of czechoslovakia in 1938 . 
  and yet another fact `` poland had lost the war '' . 
  from this fact follows interesting consequence `` poland has no rights to dictate wwii winners or to request something from wwii losers '' . 
  still poland can beg for money . 
  fucking pis is perverting poles as putin russians . 
  oh , really ? 
  i am so scared , so scared ... just imagine , great turkish army ... 
  wait !, 
  great ? 
  army ? 
  but certainly turkish ... 
  max speed for opening car soft top ? 
  wow . 
  are you serious ? 
  diesel was not clean enough ? 
  are you serious ? 
  diesel was discussed during cartel meetings ? 
  yet another blog from unknown person is a proof for the crime wave ? 
  are you serious ? 
  but raw statistic numbers are not important ? 
  are you serious ? 
  still the difference is too big to explain it only by lack of statistical knowledge . 
  this is the problem . 
   so , if you had more people from algeria coming , their crime rate could easily go down . 
  thanks , but no . 
  for example , belarussian ( weissrussland ) population is quite small too . 
  why we have no problems with those suspicious guys from the east ? 
  correct . 
  bad white men hinder africa 's countries to prosper . 
  yes . 
  this . 
  i told that `` africa has a ` civilizational ' problem '' . 
  civilizational problem differs from lack of civilization, 
  excuse me , but africa does have a ` civilizational ' problem . 
  in fact , we have no civilization in africa ( with literally few exceptions ) . 
  as a result , west ( civilization ) has to fight with africa famine , africa aids , africa poverty and so on . 
  and who paid for those fight ? 
  rhetoric question ... 
  and i think this is only beginning . 
  even kids know , that hitler ordered kills and cleansings . 
  this was proven by nuremberg trials . 
  opposite , bandera was not convicted by nuremberg trials despite all attempts of the ussr . 
  read the book : '' on 15 september 1941 bandera and leading oun members were arrested by the gestapo . '', 
  how can bandera participate in ethnic cleansings in 1943 , being hold in concentration camp ? 
  ask australia how to return immediately all asylum seekers back . 
  or spain . 
  only italy has problems ... 
   from the moment where the nearest ship receiving a distress signal from another ship is mandated by law to give help ? 
  prove it . 
  because every human trafficker says : `` i just give a help . 
  again and again , signal by signal '' . 
  oh , really ? 
  from what moment of the history people trafficking is protected by maritime law ? 
  they are not rescue workers , they are traffickers . 
  it seems , that author does n't know what means word slave . 
  low-paid job is not slavery . 
  by the way , 6 euro per hour result in ~ 1000 euro per month . 
  this is not so bad money for the eastern europe . 
  especially when you have zero qualification, 
  little asshole forgot that women in his age have no bad days too ... 
  absolutely correct . 
  but assume that github is blocked by may . 
  i need a book . 
  one week and you get unbreakable crypto, 
  two variants * if key is longer than the message , you have absolutely unbreakable crypto . 
  example - one-time pads used by cia , kgb , etc. 
  * if key is long enough you have relatively unbreakable crypto . 
  imagine rc5 with key 256 bits . 
  correct , you are right . 
  vpn stops any kind of deep packet investigation,
