  if you have problems with english , no problem , choose your favorite language and we could discuss it privately . 
  i speak free also russian , polish or german . 
  believe me , i do not intend to offence you or your fellow citizens from matushka-russia . 
  and have a nice day , my friend . 
  it is difficult to sympathize with the fascist state , is n't it ? 
  and what ? 
  minus is minus . 
  rostov + krasnodar combined has energy deficit . 
  adding to those two poor energy bastards crimea peninsula only worsens the situation, 
  probably you have also problems with physic ... power lines have limits . 
  btw , in crimea the power lines structure does n't allow to transmit an energy from the future power bridge to the western part of peninsula . 
  so , crimea requires big investments into energy infrastructure . 
  good luck, 
   lol what ? 
  this number is too small . 
  it is because you have serious problems not only with english and geography but also with mathematic . 
   rostov npp produced 1862800 mwh in november . 
  m means mega . 
  and just for your information , my values are official . 
   you should learn more before shitposting . 
  you should learn english before posting . 
  also you have to learn geography before posting : can you find on map rostov nuclear plant ? 
  can you build a bridge from the rostov nuclear plant to crimea ? 
  probably , no and , certainly , no . 
  krasnodar , yearly minus 14869mw * h rostov , yearly plus 10299mw * h total minus 4500 mw * h ergo , no spare energy for crimea . 
  also , you have to learn physic before posting . 
  to transfer electricity to the bridge you need power lines . 
  and it is big problem . 
  ask germans , they know how difficult and expensive building new power lines which should transfer electricity from energy positive north to energy negative south . 
  `` no person - no problem '', 
  not in russia , my friend , not in russia . 
  because nobody cares about details of life in mordor please , http://znak.com/moscow/news/2015-11-30/1050022.html https://vk.com/video287246191_171443866?list=c12868aec6e4821acc, 
  n 1 russia n 1 germany n 1 poland most errors for - percentage of living in rural parts ( i used to use different criteria ) - percentage of wealth belonging to richest 1 % in germany . 
  i wonder , but only 30 % . 
  similar with poland, 
  - power output from nuclear plant in rostov is not enough even for krasnodar . 
  - power bridge should connect crimea with krasnodar not with nuclear plant . 
  take a look at the map . 
  it is big difference . 
  nope . 
  in fact , the situation is much more complicated . 
  - why ? 
  - 500mw is projected power output . 
  required is 1100-1200 . 
  so , good luck with power independence . 
  - two years of occupation was not enough to create a power bridge ? 
  - where to get an energy for the bridge krasnodar region has deficit of electricity . 
  - one power bridge does n't solve the problem . 
  power lines in crimea are designed to be powered from the ukraine . 
  - nearby nuclear plant is a kind of joke , yes ? 
  because it is not nearby . 
  but they have russian tv !, 
  difficult to believe , that crimea may lack power , but kremlin tv is always presented . 
  trucks with big plasma screen to show official russian tv channels . 
  http://i2.wp.com/weirdrussia.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/mobile-tv-crimea2.jpg update : - article in russian with pictures : http://znak.com/moscow/news/2015-11-30/1050022.html - movie : https://vk.com/video287246191_171443866?list=c12868aec6e4821acc, 
  every nato country enjoys the long peace . 
  not-nato country are involved in assorted conflicts ( ukraine , georgia , moldavia , armenia , azerbaijan ) . 
  nato does n't want to have yet another source of problem on the south borders . 
  just for my understanding , is it legal ? 
  i mean is such government ban allowed by rules of international sport organization ? 
  good , now ask your question about ussr, 
  read wikipedia article https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communism also highly recommended https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nineteen_eighty-four 1984 is about totalitarian state . 
  without basic knowledge about this ideology you rather do not understand my answer . 
  my friend , it is bullshit . 
  try to read any historical book , may be you understand the situation in russia a bit better . 
  i read russian newspapers and watch russian tv . 
  i speak free russian . 
  i have many friends in russia . 
  what is the problem ? 
  russia as a country represents ussr now . 
  so we may say that russia is former ussr , of course with some limitations, 
  yes , it is communism . 
   this does not make a lot of sense . 
  yes , because german feels itself guilty in holocaust , german does n't deny the holocaust , german does n't try to understate holocaust . 
  russian does opposite in the case of holodomor . 
  politic was much more important in those days then few millions of the inhabitants . 
  especially so-called kulaks ( prospering farmers ) . 
  because many russians , communists , former communists , russian nazis and other feel an obligation to be true patriot . 
  and patriotism for them is whitewashing and glorifying of ussr , stalin , gulag , kgb , etc. 
  because russia is former ussr , fsb is former kgb . 
  give me few examples of such papers which describes real food help , not intentions or symbolic gestures . 
  yes , sir . 
  before approximately 1922 it was more or less official name . 
  later soviet russia became an informal term designating ussr, 
  soviet russia is the informal name of the ussr between 1917 and wwii . 
  wikipedia is wrong in the case . 
  in ussr soviet russia never meant rsfsr with few special exception . 
   there are tons of documents confirming food help sent to ukraine oh , really ? 
  did you find information about `` food help '' in soviet tv , trustworthy , of course ? 
  or in soviet newspapers ? 
  about trustworthiness of soviet sources read , please , here https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/propaganda_in_the_soviet_union so `` tons of documents confirming food help '' is rather typical trick to convince international public opinion that - nothing terrible happened - even if something happened the situation is under control, 
  yes , it was a genocide . 
  because soviet russia aggressively denied the genocide ( and famine ) . 
  also in those times soviet russia was not part of civilized world . 
  oh , really ? 
  greece should stop everyone on own borders . 
  not inside greece , of course . 
  try to enter eu through poland , spain or finland . 
  probably being native german you do not understand the situation . 
  for everything you need meldung ( registration in the community ) and ausweiss ( internal pass ) .
