  http://news.rin.ru/eng/news_text/86081/ russian source in english, 
  it is absolute true . 
  crimea is occupied by russia , and , according to international law , occupant country is responsible for the food , electricity , medicine , etc. 
  yes , it is possible ... using nuclear weapon ... 
  short answer : yes . 
  detailed answer : yes , but it is complicated , expensive and requires a lot of time . 
  according to the reports from crimea they are all happy without electricity . 
  they are reading books , meet each other , walking in the evening , etc. 
  germany is a democratic country . 
  unfortunately , there are different opinions in democratic countries . 
  including pro-russian . 
  including pro-communist . 
  including pro-green . 
  but , in general , germany sees now putin 's russia as a crazy enemy . 
  so i do not think that it is possible for germany to cooperate with russia . 
  may be with few exceptions like climate change or isil bombardments . 
  important , that those exceptions do not assume any easy up on russia . 
  france alone is not west . 
  because at the time ukraine has no real government/president . 
  so nobody wants to take responsibility for potential war/human losses . 
  problem is only one , but quite annoying problem : language . 
  without common language federation is not possible ( i think ), 
  may survive or may not survive . 
  it is everything what you should know about moody and other `` agencies '', 
  o-o-o . 
  if i understood correctly , muslim community considers that killing of journalists and jews is more or less acceptable . 
  and muslim community complains of ostracism ? 
  are they serious ? 
  i guess , that british fascists complain of ostracism also during world war ii, 
  dialect and accent is not the same . 
  in russia people may have accent , but you can not find dialect . 
  it 's true but partly . 
  there are a lot of accents in russian , but there is no dialects . 
  absolutely no dialects . 
  europe needs own fbi . 
  it is not possible in europe without internal borders keep high security level basing only on efforts of national police or national security services . 
  this is usual logic . 
  even educated people does n't know this , believe me . 
  90 % of people working in it has no even basic understanding how works cryptosystem . 
  probably there is kind of misunderstanding . 
  i try to describe situation in two simple statements - there are no methods to forbid unbreakable cryptosystems in our universe . 
  - declaration of unbreakable system as illegal will prevent from using such systems only law-abiding citizens . 
  ergo : fight with encryption has no or little sense, 
  yes , sure . 
  and we have also non-breakable even theoretically systems ( when key is longer than message ) . 
  widely used by spies during wwii , cold war , etc. 
  about encryption . 
  short explanation ( i am one of those software engineers keeping you communication encrypted and secure ) . 
  strong ( unbreakable ) encryption is available 24 hours a day 365 days a year for anybody who can use google . 
  if you want to have secure channel it is not a problem to build your own , private and 100 % ( it is not exaggeration ) system with encryption . 
  may be in a week or two . 
  good transparent system embedded into some messenger may two-three months . 
  4096 bit public/private key manual hash/password fix send by different channel ( sms/email/post ) to prevent mitm 512 bit strong symmetric encryption goodbye , nsa ... are you really think that well organized terrorists are so stupid and ignore this path ? 
  are you really think that illegality of such systems ( our lawyer told us that in us it is illegal ) stop terrorists from using such systems ? 
  the attack on encryption systems is rather an attack on human rights . 
  because criminals will use encryption of any complexity without any problems, 
  it is proposed to forbid sms . 
  of course , just for your security !, 
  sad situation and bad example for other countries . 
  agree . 
  external borders are intended to be real borders . 
  especially for eu without internal borders and zoo of national security services which of course could and would cooperate , but this cooperation is far from to be perfect . 
  what will happen if you declare that leaving your place of vacation if not safe due to terrorism ? 
  nothing special . 
  at least in west . 
  but in russia it is always chaos and panic . 
  probably chaos and panic happened in kremlin ... and , of course , everybody in russia knew that it was a bomb , payment for nonsense syria attack . 
  but , due to aggressive russian propaganda , this knowledge had been kept at the border of the mind . 
  west was sure about the bomb on the board after few days . 
  `` the investigation had been prolonged till new year '' ( c ) ivanov vice-something kremlin . 
  but . 
  terroristic act in paris happens and literally next day announce that `` we had been attacked !, 
  also !, 
  yesterday !, 
  help !, 
  together ! '', 
  yes , i read media in russian too . 
  i am reading news in three other languages , by the way , daily . 
  sometimes i watch russian tv ( russia-24 ) . 
  in russia kremlin approved * initially * only non-terrorist versions . 
  it was practically forbidden to speak about terrorists . 
  and you know why . 
  now , when * terrorist attack had been happened in paris * russia 's security chief may say a `` terror act '' brought down russian plane in egypt killing all 224 people on board . 
  because ** now * it is profitable to have own , russian terror victims , especially when russian economics is diving ... p.s. 
  i do not care about kaczynski at all . 
  correct . 
  but when only the terror act is a speculation ? 
  according to kremlin . 
  and other reasons are not speculation , but regular versions ? 
  again , according to kremlin . 
  * did you read all those funny reports about problems with kogalymavia , how old airplanes they have , how bad those airplanes , interview with crew husband ( s ) / wife ( s ) , tv live reports with police searching kogalym offices ? 
  * it is not fair game . 
  it is attempt to shape public opinion in favor of kremlin, 
   rich imagination you have nope , i am reading russian media . 
  ** `` version `` a bomb on the board '' is speculation '' ( c ) peskov ** , official representative of the putin word `` speculation '' is russian has extremely negative connotations . 
   scratch that , i misread your comment . 
  you were talking about the presentation of the russian media , if i understand correctly ? 
  sure . 
  representation of russian of media was pathetic . 
  what is wrong with belgium ?
