and football . 
  this occurred way before the edl and bnp , obviously . 
  i still view the english flag with distaste because of football . 
  i 'd say hong kong . 
  the hong kong community i think is the most prolific in the country , and do n't fall prey to the self segregation other communties do . 
  we interact with them much more than the others i 'd say . 
  it does n't solve any problems . 
  sudan need sufficiency to get out of this ... they need crops and a working economy . 
  why sadly ? 
  that 's one of the dumbest comparisons i 've ever read on reddit . 
  it 's in our best interests to aid him against isis . 
  they 're a bunch of maniacs and far out do him when it comes to brutality . 
  in a place where there is no good you have to make do with the lesser evil . 
  i think so too . 
  one of the great mistakes of the post imperial era . 
  we had a chance in iraq , although they have an autonomous region now . 
  yes , indirectly . 
  he 's a better alternative to isis and that is without a doubt in my mind . 
  we need to start aiding iraq and , dare i say it , syria and iran . 
  there 's a triple alliance forming in these countries and they 're the key to stopping the saudis . 
  then they can bugger off home . 
  i was with you on the mental illness factor but this is tough to chew on ... really tough . 
  so you 're suggesting we do n't bother teaching languages at school any more or what ? 
  is that not active maintenance ? 
  but did they not give the republicans coverage ? 
  poor you . 
  you 're so oppressed . 
  but they would n't ... look up the japanese diets perspective and then make a conclusion . 
  the us had a europe first strategy . 
  but you wo n't get that majority , exactly . 
  shows that your cause is not popular or on the agenda . 
  people can complain all they like about how difficult it would be but you get those votes through and that 's it , the monarchy is forever dead and gone . 
  it 's a fair deal to me . 
  polticians are side lined , not removed . 
  or anyone in government office . 
  you know , if there was actual support for the republican movement you would remove your monarch easier than you could any politician . 
  german was one of two languages i was taught at shool , and i do n't remember a thing . 
  i regret not paying attention . 
  a lot of similar events happened . 
  a british pilot ran out of ammunition and cut the tail off a german bomber with the wing of his hurricane . 
  there was actually footage of the tail falling to the ground . 
  it does n't explain the eventual loss . 
  no russian or japanese treaties exist concerning a transfer from china to either states . 
  if they did have a presence there it must have been almost trivial . 
  the sakhalin islands were mostly inhabited by natives for a long time with influence from the powers surrounding them . 
  china did not own them . 
  on paper . 
  i find things will change quickly come a hostile event . 
  sweden is shielded by sweden . 
  their defensive strategy involves destroying infrastructure leading into the country , and bridges carry explosives right now . 
  stronger diplomatic responses . 
  honestly , i think currently a lot of people are wondering what the big deal is . 
  russia just strolled into a mainly russian area . 
  this is n't the usual occupation though . 
  the ukrainian armed forces did not defend crimea and russia used no force to take it . 
  this makes it hard to justify action . 
  had the russians been more brutal in this undertaking you would probably see more of a reaction from the west . 
  well which side is n't guilty of that in syria ? 
  i have to say that despite this i support assad and the fact that he 's reached out to the kurds shows some element of responsibility . 
  i want a stable middle east , democratic or not at the moment . 
  a damp mattress could be used to help put out fires i guess . 
  absolutely right . 
  i 've seen 3 types of russian camouflage so far , including the previous flora pattern and the current digital . 
  all with no markings . 
  it would be stupid to assume that russia did not have a contingency plan for this , and here we are , like clockwork ... 
  i remember a news report on the bbc a few years ago that i actually complained about . 
  apparently this now old man had assassinated a journalist in the war and had got away with it . 
  so anyway , these reporters hound this man , chasing him around his nursing home whole he 's denying anything to do with it . 
  i just found it incredibly distasteful . 
  i do believe that it 's probably time to stop the prosecutions on individual soldiers from the war . 
  not that they are n't guilty but they were following orders at the time , regardless . 
  if we 're going to go after every individual guilty of a crime during that war , there 's a lot of old allied veterans going to prison . 
  i understand the chain of command needs to face justice and that 's all well and good , but the old grunts have had 70 years to think about what they did in a society that is disgusted by it . 
  and those weapons are not being manually cycled . 
  not a single bloody one . 
  so , if this does come to pass it could go either way . 
  ukraine could go full belarus and turn its back on western europe for good . 
  on the flip side , it could be an incentive for the current regime to step down and allow for more moderate government . 
  personally i think the risk is too great . 
  this has to take its course and we must leave our invitation open . 
  i hate people like you . 
  even muslims have large areas of businesses directed at them ... the difference is chinatowns have adapted to becoming an open place of spectacle and display of culture . 
  if anything it brings people together . 
  i would say language should be a choice at shool , around the age of 13 or 14 . 
  it looks more exotic and i think it would be more popular . 
  i think the current age is too young , and the kids just do n't understand the importance . 
  i 'm sure many ca n't even draw a rough map of europe , let alone comprehend a future being there . 
  i hated french and german at shool , as many others did . 
  now i regret not listening . 
  what are you having trouble understanding ? 
  like you across the atlantic , we just want the best deal for ourselves . 
  being larger and more powerful makes that more likely . 
  we have national and international interests to pursue and protect independently . 
  i disagree with your thoughts on the monarchy . 
  i do n't see any evidence of truth in that . 
  i 'm glad we 've established the root of the issue here . 
  whatever they have going on over there should stay there . 
  american `` culture '' is a terrible thing ... whatever good they have stems back from a time when their ancestors were still european . 
  i stand by that . 
  it was a large scale land grab by europes major powers .
