  fuck if i 'm watching that . 
  if you can get his opposite number , sam harris , agreeing with what you just said then i 'm sold . 
  you wo n't though . 
  no , it does n't . 
  because if we 're talking about the entire region , or even the arab world as a whole , it 's marked by oppression . 
  even governments that shrugged off their colonial ties through soviet support are marked by massive social inequalities and archaic laws as opposed to the western and far eastern world . 
  well it 's not just `` a bunch of muslims '' is it ? 
  you think people were n't up in arms about the iraq war ? 
  it was a political disaster and brought about the largest anti-war demonstration of all time . 
  you 're making this shit up in your head . 
  that 's a fucking stretch ... 
  it 's their culture that defines the social-political system . . you can downvote all you like . 
  but there 's nothing but silence from you ... tell me how i 'm wrong about this . 
  do n't get pissy because it screws with what you want to believe . 
  it is stupid that the middle east is one of the most socially regressive parts of the earth . 
  why are we pretending it 's not so we look `` nice '' ? 
  no it 's not . 
  it 's authoritarian . 
  a communist regime would have done the same . 
  then we should probably stop the pretence . 
  it 's not fascist . 
  do n't cheapen the meaning of the word . 
  `` yet '' in your own words . 
  my heart bleeds . 
  wish i could stay at home all week ... what a shit place to be . 
  correct . 
  only that they expected a german attack and were trying to buy time to prepare . 
  aggressive foreign policy and isolationist tendencies ? 
  at the same time ? 
  this is a relevant question and people downvoting you are fucking idiots . 
  that 's assuming this would n't happen without the union . 
  on the contrary , this happens all the time . 
  the west has even sent rescue teams to disasters in china . 
  this would always be a standard response within europe . 
  i did n't know we were judging by what-if scenarios . 
  the fact is he did n't and blair did . 
  either way , there 's more just cause for troops in syria than dismantling the stable bathist party of iraq , even if i do disagree with it . 
  so under those circumstances how is it fair to say this is any less criminal ? 
  even if the assailants have n't signed the convention , or lack the statehood to do so , it 's still dishonourable and still not right . 
  the japanese are constantly condemned for this . 
  `` well at least they were soldiers '' is a bullshit consolation . 
  always will be . 
  thank you for joining us in that support , romania . 
  blair is arguably worse . 
  he lied to the entire nation and attacked a sovereign nation based on those lies , creating a large portion of the domino effect we are seeing today . 
  also , just because cameron does n't agree with the majority in europe it does n't mean anything other than he 's acting independently within a supposedly democratic system . 
  i do n't like many of cameron 's policies , including his foreign policy and the need to get involved in other people 's messes , but come on ... 
  is n't it against the geneva convention to pose as a civilian ? 
  oh yeah , definitely . 
  it feels like only a couple of years ago , but it was actually 2009 : [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009_massereene_barracks_shooting] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009_massereene_barracks_shooting ) as recently as last november they tried to destroy an armoured police jeep with a horizontal mortar . 
  the rira got away with a shooting a few years ago . 
  they posed as pizza delivery drivers . 
  that 's no consolation in the slightest . 
  you ca n't treat this any differently . 
  got to read it at school in the uk . 
  i do n't see why you should n't . 
  it ca n't be taken seriously now anyway . 
  it 's total crap if i may say so . 
  this is something that needs to be democratically decided by the norwegian state . 
  and it 's a matter of a opinion . 
  i guess i just skimmed through it . 
  but what i said is still true . 
  we 're talking about a specific intelligence service though . 
  it is possible that while it was publicly known , the intelligence services had n't investigated themselves . 
  they have no reason to lie . 
  the malaysians are responsible for flying that route . 
  they would n't have seen the colours from that altitude . 
  besides , it 'll * be targeted by radar . 
  palinca ... 
  `` do n't follow the nay sayers '' `` do n't listen to quitters ! '', 
  it 's all about selling something with `` optimism '' and with no real assurances . 
  or assurances that do n't actually matter to british people . 
  this was really emphasised in the debate between nick clegg and nigel farage - people are sick of being talked to like they 're children . 
  british people are so uninvolved with the european process that it 's probably a given , regardless of any argument , that they will just leave . 
  the union they 're most focused on is the united kingdom . 
  no , you buy video games and have fun , but as a whole humanity crafts its own moral outlooks , cultures and religions . 
  all of which can be vastly different from the other . 
  why do you think we 're still fighting ? 
  it 's nothing to do with survival if you 're attacking someone for drawing a picture . 
  we go far beyond that as a species . 
  the man in question was picked up in afghanistan . 
  he 's simply returned to do what he was doing when he was arrested . 
  so assuming we are all the same except being born on different pieces of land , owned by people with different cultures and views , what point are you even trying to make ? 
  stop talking bollocks . 
  and the romani people originated from central/south asia , but they 'd still be foreign if they went back . 
  i 'm sorry , i just do n't buy it that these states throughout their entire independence have not even seriously thought about making changes . 
  all people will do is complain `` yeah , the west did this to us '' - well then do something about it . 
  in my generation the last colonies left were macao and hong kong . 
  we did n't bear witness to the mandates or african colonies and we certainly are n't responsible for what happened . 
  it 's over . 
  they received their independence and it 's up to them to decide their future as best they can . 
  and who has been in control of these borders for the last 50 years ? 
  that 's exactly what is being suggested . 
  please explain how the west caused this war . 
  christ , you 're optimistic . 
  you 'll find a lot of nations will send a small force to conflicts just to make sure their army is up to date . 
  it 's important to have field experience . 
  i think this migrant crisis is probably one of the worst situations the eu has faced . 
  it 's a media sensation in every state . 
  you ca n't just paint over rot .
