  even families . 
  i 'm not saying obama is an administrator . 
  i 'm saying there is an equal risk of complacency ... 
  i just do n't see any difference except a lack of charisma . 
  all are corruptible , all are prone to mistakes . 
  well they 've proved themselves to be pretty exceptional at what they do . 
  i do n't think a dullard administrator would solve the problem . 
  everyone had high hopes for obama ... lots of promises made . 
  he just did n't keep them , and i assume it would be the same for you and your administrator . 
  really it should just be much easier to take leaders to task on their shortfalls and perhaps remove them from power mid-term through popular vote . 
  i really do n't think we should kid ourselves into honestly believing that . 
  the administrators are still human . 
  you 're a human though , and while you do n't need a master , humans have always needed figures of leadership . 
  in times of crisis , perhaps not . 
  in fact most of who we recognise as the great leaders of the past stood up in times of crisis . 
  fdr and the us economy , churchill and the defence of the uk , jfk and the social upheaval in the usa etc. 
  that still does n't make people interested or make them look at policies in depth . 
  it takes more than `` here 's a website detailing everything you need to know '' . 
  many will just say `` well , i 've got washing to do ... i do n't have time for this '' , and that 's life . 
  this is why total democracy wo n't work . 
  honestly i think it 's more of a question of integrity , which is clearly lacking . 
  and plus if we are going to vote for a leader it should probably be on the basis that they lead and stay true to the ideas that lead to their success . 
  thatcher could not do what she wanted . 
  i would say the `` leader '' is someone who will stand up for what they believe in , not change on the fly . 
  political leaders today are slippery . 
  people voted for thatcher and got thatcher . 
  consider that the punishment . 
  and every nation should be responsible for its citizens ... that 's kind of the point . 
  exactly ... what the fuck is going on ? 
  well it 's a shame that nobody requires your approval for their life choices . 
  that 's not really in doubt . 
  it 's mutually assured destruction ... it really is meant as a deterrent . 
  it 's a much more modern arsenal , capable of better penetrating us anti-missile defences . 
  i 'm pretty sure in exchange for this 40 , another 40 older systems will be decommissioned at some point in the future . 
  okay , so take those arguments and weigh it up against the social and political situation in palestinian controlled areas . 
  i 'm sorry , it 's no contest . 
  i never said israel was perfect - it 's far from it . 
  use your damn head . 
  hamas does n't want evictions , if wants mass genocide . 
  when israeli troops pulled out of gaza , what did the gazans do ? 
  elect a group that immediately declared war on israel . 
  every cease fire broken . 
  women and children used as human shields ( talk about real second class citizens ) . 
  compared to the regime in gaza ? 
  hell yes . 
  and are we talking about israeli policy , where women serve in the armed forces ? 
  i 'm not saying it 's not , though i do think the beliefs of those groups are much worse , and a victory for them would mean more death and misery . 
  they publicly call for it . 
  it does make sense to pick a side and the viable solution you want . 
  i 'm 100 % behind the state of israel . 
  yeah , nobody claims to . 
  in fact the israeli army , given the circumstances , are probably the most professional out there . 
  unless you really want to scrape the barrel . 
  or , you know , supporting the only social democratic nation in the middle east ... 
  and what of the actions of hamas and the plo umbrella groups ? 
  and shy would anyone want to boycott israel anyway ? 
  it 's the most socially progressive state in the middle east . 
  it allows arabs to participate in government and politics . 
  the palestinian groups consistently call for blood and destruction . 
  if europeans and europeans are n't complete sado masochists they would make this affirmation by the us irrelevant . 
  well who needs to stop first ? 
  people are warned away from gypsies for a reason . 
  only today there was a report how a group used a mentally ill man as a slave . 
  you ca n't expect people to claim ignorance . 
  people wanted the troops out . 
  ironically the same people that blame western governments for the current mess ... populist leadership sabotages a military campaign . 
  ah the good old western guilt . 
  fuck everyone for trying to bring democracy to parts of the middle east . 
  we wont make that mistake again . 
  i 've heard that the labour party in the uk did something similar to make the conservative party unelectable thereafter . 
  did n't seem to work . 
  it 's not out of the good in their hearts . 
  they know these mass introductions cause divisions . 
  i would say it gets bad when you introduce a members of a comparatively hard line religion to secular states . 
  we do n't have issues with east asians ... a bit of racism here and there , but the relationship functions quite well . 
  there is much more mutual appreciation . 
  because i think your post is worthless . 
  i 've seen relationships contrary to that supposed law . 
  i do n't think it 's one that is really enforced if it is true . 
  i do recall that last bit , and that was still true only a few years ago . 
  i doubt it has been changed . 
  so if this guy was in a relationship with the girl and not married , it would be okay ? 
  sexism ? 
  they have way more to clear up before they reach the problems of sexism . 
  this is chechnya , a world renowned shit hole . 
  the age of consent is 16 in uk ... where 's the campaign ? 
  `` man divorces teenage wife over instagram campaign '' - no . 
  i hate the internet sometimes . 
  you 'll have to ask him . 
  however the anger looks genuine enough . 
  they 're unhappy that they ca n't live in a major city ? 
  i wonder why that is ? 
  oh wait , it 's because that 's where the money is . 
  and i bet all swedes have the luxury of that choice . 
  i ca n't imagine any african immigrant has ever thought `` you know what , that swedish culture sounds like a fine one . 
  great traditions , a social democratic society , fantastic indie pop scene ... i 'd love to be part of that '' . 
  it 's laughable . 
  it 's really not . 
  sweden is taking in tonnes of immigrants , more than any other state in europe i believe . 
  what i ca n't see is how they were ever going to be ready for such an influx of people , or why it 's happening .
