  that 's how the invasion of a small nation called serbia turns into a world war . 
  i am sick of it . 
  i 'm tired of the indirect demonisation that our german brothers receive over this petty conflict , as if the shadow of hitler looming over germany was n't enough . 
  for the sake of friendship we need to let this go . 
  it was n't for freedom , it was in the name of elitist war mongorers , written with the blood of helpless young men . 
  europe , from a regional conflict in the balkans , went on to go absolutely insane . 
  `` the children of england will never be slaves '' - for 4 years most of them were . 
  unjustifiably so . 
  do n't be so bloody dim and use your head . 
  it 's obvious what he meant . 
  this should n't be a big deal . 
  putin is ex kgb . 
  he 's the `` old guard '' , who are now more or less taking the chinese route from communism to what is basically fascism . 
  watch him as he tries to bring the ex-soviet republics back into the fold . 
  if he 's successful i can see a new union springing up in his lifetime , and that has to be prevented . 
  the russian grasp on eastern europe and central asia needs to be undone permanently if we are to progress . 
  that 's obviously not what i was saying , thank you . 
  i 'd expect an englishman to be a bit brighter with his wit instead of begging for clarification . 
  most child kidnappings are not for `` business '' purposes , as far as i can tell . 
  that 's why this kind of thing is different . 
  it 's not the rare deranged psychopath , it 's a bunch of travellers looking for money . 
  thus , they are not `` just anybody '' . 
  yes , but this is very different . 
  the child would probably have been used for begging purposes - it 's slavery . 
  same with vietnam . 
  it 's no longer about battles really . 
  the soviets did a much better job than isaf . 
  why ? 
  because they were willing to break a few eggs to make an omelette - they were brutal and they gave the mujahedeen no choices when they were encountered . 
  hiding in a village ? 
  say hello to a scud . 
  thoroughly illegal but effective . 
  a vital lesson was learnt . 
  what 's almost hilarious about our action there is that we 're struggling so badly after all this time , with all these nations behind us , and not a single developed nation is actually supplying the insurgents . 
  the odds should be in our favour but we pussy foot around and prolong things . 
  or the brit . 
  what on earth was that about ? 
  all i could think was `` the anschluss was before the invasion of poland '' . 
  it is ours rightfully . 
  it seems like spain and its old colonies always kick up a fuss to distract people from their inability to govern appropriately . 
  i would n't say strongly at all . 
  what we have here is an autocratic regime , not a fascist one . 
  fascism on what level ? 
  this does n't make much sense to me . 
  anti-semitism , sure . 
  but the connection to fascism is n't really there . 
  same issue in most of western europe . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  everyone 's a christian when it suits them . 
  even my mother . 
  it does n't have to be connected with religion . 
  i 'd say most homophobia i 've witnessed is a case of tradition and defence against something people are not used to . 
  i do n't see the sense in letting people in any more , especially if their level of contribution would be bare minimum . 
  most of these people are unskilled workers - do they inject anything significant into our economies ? 
  you could say that they take the jobs that nobody wants , but i 'm sure the low grade jobs would be happily taken by people of the home country who did n't associate the position with immigrants . 
  this has to stop . 
  we are not part of a political commonwealth with these people - the social upheavals in their countries are their responsibility . 
  if they are not up to a high civil standard then they themselves need to work on that . 
  we achieved political stability through blood and sweat , and so must they . 
  plot twist : you 're an insulted teenager . 
  i would n't have trusted anyone i knew at that time to vote based on accurate information or any sort of wisdom . 
  i have to agree with you , i was not in a position to make an educated decision on government while in my teens . 
  back then i was a self proclaimed `` communist '' - it all ends in tears . 
  suez said it all , all too long ago . 
  by the looks of it there are already foreign operatives working in their country , kidnapping czech women . 
  sorry , im just used to calling people that in my work . 
  i 'm talking about the `` assault '' . 
  i 'm not into the culture of suing everyone . 
  as for his thieving , he needs to pay it back or lose his job . 
  let 's not become petty . 
  yes the gentleman is more or less a thief but he caused no harm . 
  edit : i 'm talking about physical harm . 
  we 're not america and i do n't appreciate the notion of suing everyone . 
  we 've established that we have no need to . 
  the next step for europe is even more solidarity . 
  well , you ca n't be wrong or do no evil when you effectively do nothing i guess . 
  it 's responsibility , sure . 
  but there 's nothing strong about it - the german state always had the ability to be this big and always managed to be . 
  it 's a blessing they get from the land they have , just like china . 
  the problem now is that they have no idea what to do with it . 
  they 're totally inept . 
  please explain how we are responsible . 
  i know it 's easy to want to blame all the problems on the usa because , hey , they seem to be the boss around here !, 
  but they 're a heck of a lot better than the other large powers who are either malicious or complacent and unwilling to take part in global affairs . 
  you 'll miss the us when it 's power has gone , just like the british empire . 
  it 's china 's turn next - good fucking luck . 
  the situation would be easier if countries did n't have to answer for themselves while handling their own internal affairs . 
  i 'm done with the eu as a political system . 
  they 're asking nations to effectively give up on making decisions for themselves in this instance . 
  `` european values '' appear to be acting against individual european values . 
  i 'm not sure why you 're telling me this because i mostly agree with you . 
  i 'm talking about how different nations are in disagreement to the point of contempt and talk of sanctions - it 's a fundamental lack of respect both ways . 
  european solidarity is a pipe dream . 
  this situation highlights the vast differences between the nations that make up the eu and how any political union is doomed to fail . 
  edit : downvote all you like . 
  i used to support a european federation but the last year or two has been a wake up call . 
  we ca n't rely on each other . 
  that 's a simplification . 
  but they are concerned with their immediate needs before anything ideological . 
  their livelihoods and families take priority .
