  eu 's on it 's way out . 
  i can see nothing but bitterness coming out of this episode , and when the next crisis comes ? 
  if the eu ca n't even agree on a migrant problem to the point of handing out sanctions , how can it agree in the event of hostility between two states ? 
  the event that will be the real point of fracture . 
  i 'm sure russia is watching very closely , and we deserve to fail if we ca n't respect the wishes of our allies . 
  we deserve to break up . 
  because it 's besides the point . 
  the title is n't dishonest - it 's just the big but of the discussion . 
  what you 're suggesting does n't actually change the message the way you want it to . 
  got to appreciate your honesty, 
  to be honest the closest thing you 've had to a perceived immigrant problem was probably bjork , and she 's icelandic . 
  er ... not really . 
  calais is a testament to that . 
  we know what they 're willing to do for some of the best financial welfare available . 
  we also know what the introduction of these cultures can result in - for example the systematic gang rape of a young man by libyan fighters we were training , after going awol . 
  if the icelandic are that optimistic then god help them . 
  it 's not an issue of buying train tickets . 
  it 's an issue of hiding on a truck that is then transported by train . 
  what you 're saying would interesting if you did n't talk like an angsty teenager . 
  yeah , your idiotic post ... 
  what do we have to do to stop this ? 
  france has n't been in afghanistan since 2012 ... what the fuck do they need to do to stop being killed ? 
  sometimes i feel like we should just shut up shop and proclaim ourselves switzerland ii . 
  i 've had enough of this shit . 
  your first post has 71 up votes now . 
  how the hell can you even back up that claim ? 
  `` racist narrative '' - sure , everyone is just racist !, 
  not at all concerned about the state of their welfare system , housing and the important acceptance of western values . 
  no , fuck them all . 
  it 's racism . 
  you 're getting downvoted because you 're not actually providing any argument to the contrary , you 're just saying that people are wrong , right wing , and are being led on . 
  congratulations on trying to sweep the concerns of many people under the carpet , insulting them and then thinking that 'll change their mind . 
  i do n't even know what ct is really about . 
  i do n't care . 
  i have other things i could be doing, 
  `` let that sink in for a sec '' oh no . 
  reddit is infringing on our rights by making changes to their website ... 
  still a conservative lead coalition . 
  a conservative majority . 
  are you still going to keep spinning it ? 
  the conservatives won the election . 
  get over it . 
  i have , and it 's my country . 
  they 've been on and out of power for the last 100 years . 
  they 're a democratic party who has been entrusted with running the country many times and for the longest single span out of all . 
  it 's not the bloody nazi party . 
  evil ? 
  get over yourself . 
  you have no idea what i 'm talking about . 
  i did n't vote conservative . 
  i just try not to slander the other side , because they are politically viable . 
  if tory voters are just selfish then i guess i have free reign to call you an idiot . 
  they achieved majority in the system that the population only a couple of years earlier voted to keep . 
  and plus , off the top of my head i 'm pretty sure it was a 2 million majority . 
  even if we had av they still would have won . 
  it was a majority . 
  `` far more people voted for other parties '' - well its a shame only one party can win then , is n't it ? 
  how twisted !, 
  edit : and for the record , even with proportional representation they still would have had a majority . 
  my point still stands . 
  sorry , r/europe is probably not the best place to be reasonable about politics . 
  those posts have to be sent down to the bottom . 
  thanks for calling the majority of british voters selfish morons . 
  because people do n't give a shit about them . 
  if they can be honest about that , i do n't see the issue here, 
  that 's like doing the russian federal states ... the states just are n't that important to anyone else . 
  it could have . 
  the british nearly attacked a russian held air base during the balkan wars . 
  it was only avoided because the british on the ground refused to obey their orders . 
  i 'm pretty sure our media came up with it , and it 's just awful ... `` brexit '' `` grexit '' . 
  please stop . 
  can we just say `` greek exit '' ? 
  grexit sounds like a fucking cereal bar . 
  it 's got to be the `` you do n't need to it be christmas to know you 're sitting next to a turkey '' one ... nearly died laughing . 
  they would be more in any country . 
  that 's not the fucking point , is it ? 
  same in a lot of european countries . 
  an arab state beat us to it ... 
  i do n't know if you 're desensitised to such an extent where this does n't matter any more or what . 
  the greek economic turmoil is awful but people are n't being slaughtered on a beach or decapitated . 
  and if you think scrolling down to the third post is too much effort ... well , fuck . 
  it 's literally a twitch of the finger . 
  stop complaining . 
  got to say i do n't agree with you on any of this . 
  while the greece situation is dire , i 'm sorry , it 's really not as important as innocent people ( the vast majority of whom were european . 
  do n't fib your way out of that ) being murdered . 
  it just is n't and you should understand why . 
  and if you really want more info on greece , just scroll down to the third most popular post . 
  i 'm sorry , the attack in tunisia was not small scale . 
  europeans were killed at a resort , so it matters . 
  i do n't think a brigade is needed to put those things in a bad light at the moment . 
  upvotes and downvotes dictate that though . 
  it 's a pretty democratic process . 
  how much more can people take ? 
  how much should they take ? 
  well i 've often considered that entire cabinets should be voted on . 
  the people should hand pick the government ... 
  but i would say that government still needs an elected leader to manage it . 
  what about your boss ? 
  social groups usually have assumed leaders .
