  you have kids tv shows singing `` my home is your home '' and every day swedes like this are reaching breaking point because it 's effecting them directly . 
  the situation is completely insane . 
  was subscribed to european but one thread that consisted solely of up voted people saying `` fucking niggers '' put me right off . 
  i 'm anti uncontrolled immigration but i wo n't associate with racist shit like that . 
  that may be true . 
  i 'm not condoning its use . 
  people need real jobs , end of story . 
  well yes i would say it is a pretty fascist system , an exceptionally bad fascist system . 
  i mean in the 19th century , the uk had refuges where people would live and work until they got on their feet . 
  i find the fact that accommodation , food and health care were provided makes it significantly better than this . 
  at least it would aid a number of homeless people . 
  fascism should n't be a go-to insult for totalitarianism because it loses its meaning . 
  pre war italy was doing pretty well under the system , experiencing growth and a fair bit of egalitarianism . 
  it 's reputation has remained relatively unscathed in parts of italian society today . 
  i 'm glad because it 's not a joke . 
  these posts were funny the first couple of times . 
  edit : actually , you know what ? 
  i often think that sweden just exists to be strange and release those odd films that play at 2am on film 4 . 
  that 's pretty fantastic haha poor eva braun . 
  although i suppose there are worse things to shit on . 
  i need to see that report, 
  the french could be sent to vichy france . 
  the old russian roundels were quite similar to france/uk 's so i guess it 's something that was n't worth changing too mucn, 
  okay , this is way out of the realm of reality now . 
  okay , so we 're going round in circles now . 
  you realise that western nations ca n't just weed out african governments ? 
  what is aid when there is corruption ? 
  i 'm not a libertarian . 
  far from it . 
  i am against sustaining a bad situation with actions like this . 
  i do n't pretend to care much for africa , but they 're at a development stage where drastic change , not a trickle from the western world , is actually going to do something . 
  this is made even worse when africans think they can just leave their lives behind like this , leaving their states behind , and having no thirst for making progress where they are . 
  where is the nationalism that was so rampant during colonial times ? 
  irish men did take part . 
  humans hold grudges over wrongs committed . 
  if they feel we owe them anything , that time has passed and they are sorely mistaken . 
  they will be better off making the changes to their societies that are needed . 
  they need to actually grow up instead of being kept on the bottle for eternity . 
  wow , this argument again . 
  when are you going to throw off the guilt of your ancestors and move on ? 
  so many ex colonies have become successful , even middle powers . 
  it 's not an excuse any more after 50 - 60 years of self rule . 
  ... and how do you do that ? 
  we 've been sending aid for over 30 years . 
  africans need to take responsibility for their nations . 
  that 's the truth . 
  do you mean to say you want to take people in for fear they would otherwise want to attack us ? 
  do africans care about me ? 
  do i care ? 
  i do n't need to offer anything . 
  this is my opinion based on my observation . 
  if you have enough people on one ship to throw the equivalent of 3 families off the side , what does that tell you ? 
  i think it 's fair to say that too many probably are . 
  i also think it 's fair to say that regardless of then being criminal or not , many just are n't suitable for european life . 
  ethiopia was a colony for less than 10 years . 
  both are african states that have not been colonies for longer than all the other african states . 
  they have had the luxury of time . 
  and then you have vietnam , malaysia , morocco , tunisia etc. 
  who did n't and are doing really well at the moment . 
  can they label the saudi goods too then ? 
  if they 're going to waste time and money then why stop there ? 
  ah the colonialism argument . 
  what about ethiopia or liberia ? 
  i refuse to feel guilty about something that was nothing to do with me . 
  if you 're suggesting we rehabilitate foreign criminals , that 's ridiculous and no electorate would ever agree with that . 
  and also someone needing help in the street is not comparable at all to uneducated individuals crossing the sea for a life they can not even comprehend . 
  we 've been picking up the pieces for decades . 
  when is africa and the middle east going to start taking the future of their countries seriously ? 
  if singapore can achieve stability and wealth in 50 years , what is their excuse ? 
  what about the ones that threw the christians into the ocean ? 
  do they need our help ? 
  the question is , is it up to us to provide help ? 
  why should we ? 
  where did europeans or east asians run to during ww2 ? 
  many people here are ideological but have forgotten how the game is played . 
  greece will go to the highest bidder . 
  they are in a situation that warrants that . 
  er , they did attack germany . 
  they crossed the maginot line and advanced about 5 miles into germany , and with hardly any resistance as most of the german army were busy in poland . 
  for some reason the french decided to turn back . 
  the french army was crippled by its own military thinkers and the nation by its pacifism . 
  they were much better equipped than the germans and had they advanced into germany like they meant it the war would have been over much sooner . 
  france would n't have fallen . 
  the second world war , the origin of the french surrender jokes . 
  it 's the best we can make out of a truly incompetent attempt at attacking germany and then defending france . 
  if you look at the details of the first year of the war , you realise the french basically handed over the initiative numerous times , only fighting hard when it was far too late . 
  same story in hong kong and korea for me . 
  it 's obviously easier for them than it is for me . 
  i think the majority do n't really care . 
  the chance of surviving a crash is what 's scary . 
  it often depends on the demographics you encounter or perhaps gravitate to . 
  i have three friends in their 20 's who are monarchists , not because they are monarchists but because we probably have a similar conservative streak . 
  people are just sub consciously drawn to each other . 
  and you 're being down voted simply because you do n't correspond to a view point . 
  have to agree . 
  fascism is chucked around so much these days it 's lost its meaning . 
  you can be disappointed all you like . 
  i fundamentally disagree with this guy . 
  i 've actually seen the video before too . 
  reza aslan ?
