does n't matter . 
  michael phelps . 
  greatest olympian of all time . 
  of all time !, 
  no , no you see . 
  elected officials do n't represent the people who elect them . 
  the serve the elite banksters who want to overrun first world countries with third world immigrants . 
  then they want us to believe they will automatically leave their cultures behind and integrate with ease into a totally foreign culture . 
  he did say that , and he is n't wrong . 
  noor mateen , omar mateen 's wife went with him to buy ammo and even tried to stop him from committing the orlando massacre . 
  she might not have known the extent of what he was going to do , but she knew he was going to do something . 
  i do n't believe in coincidences . 
  here 's a cbs article that explains it . 
  [ article ] ( http://www.cbsnews.com/news/orlando-shooting-wife-noor-salman-bought-ammo-with-omar-mateen/ ) omar mateen was an american but he was a devout muslim who turned to radical ideology and become a deadly terrorist . 
  there is at least one person in every family who knows what is going on . 
  you cant convince me otherwise . 
  arabic muslim families have very close families and they keep tight knit families . 
  i just cant believe that nobody knows their kid or family member is radical . 
  wow , so smug . 
  your only option is more islamic immigration or even more islamic immigration . 
  sweden , the rape capitol of europe . 
  yes !, 
  no one said russia is coming . 
  the very fact that you seem to be naive and think war will never happen is concerning . 
  germany also told its citizens that nothing happened on new years , but we see how that worked out . 
  sweden police recently told people not to go outside after dark as it is no longer safe in \u00d6stersund . 
  only a matter of time before it engulfs all of europe . 
  i can tell you are a major refugee 's are welcome type . 
  and that 's fine . 
  i just hope that one day you do n't get raped . 
  stay safe . 
  you keep insulting me and i find it humorous . 
  i guess that is the smug liberal european in you . 
  but , when europe falls into civil war or russia tries to take over some countries america will still be there to help our allies . 
  and , i 'm not too sure if you will have a functioning society with the rate of uncontrolled immigration you have coming into the region . 
  social welfare states do well when they care about the current population who works and receives the benefits of said system . 
  but , when people start coming and leeching then that system will eventually collapse . 
  i mean we can debate about guns all day long and it wo n't change a thing . 
  but you used a study of 4,745 people from oregon state ( oregon has a population of a little under 4 million ) to try to persuade me that only 2.7 % of americans live healthy lives . 
  in no way is a study of roughly 5,000 people indicative of health in america . 
  trust me when i tell you this , europe will be begging for the american soldiers to help them out if a war ever breaks out . 
  so pray that america is not as obese as the englishman 's teeth are horrific . 
  the nra is in no way mainstream in america . 
  lol . 
  they do n't pump nra commercials at all . 
  and personally , i 've only seen 2 nra commercials in my lifetime and i 'm 27 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_suicide_rate 1 . list of suicide rates world wide . 
  us is listed at 50th . 
  belgium is 34th and south korea is 2nd . 
  belgium and south korea both have strict gun control and way less guns than america . 
  switzerland is ranked 77th and they have plenty of guns . 
  2 . law enforcement need guns in-case there are bad guys with guns . 
  you do n't bring a knife to a gunfight . 
  3 . yes , accidents happen how many gun deaths does switzerland have ? 
  that 's a rhetorical question the answer is 3.08 per 100,000 . 
  measure yourself akin to switzerland as you are both european nations and have around the same populations . 
  there are 320 million people living in america . 
  30 thousand is 0.00009375 % of 320 million . 
  i 'm not even a gun owner but i understand the need for them from a corrupt government . 
  that 's why americans care a lot about their guns . 
  we do n't trust our elected officials . 
  that 's what our country is founded on . 
  the founding fathers left england because it was a monarchy and ruled over all . 
  and just because it is 2016 does n't mean that it ca n't happen again . 
  those in power are always trying to stay in power . 
  and lastly , not all americans are obese my friend . 
   take care . 
  31 % children , 19 % women , 51 % men . 
  all i need to know . 
  this whole situation is fucked beyond belief . 
  oh do n't be so liberal . 
  30 thousand people die a year from gun related deaths in america . 
  that includes : suicides , homicides , justified deaths by law enforcement , accidental gun deaths . 
  do n't let the mainstreammedia fool you . 
  yes , gun deaths are horrific . 
  but you have to remember that in america there are more responsible gun owners who practice safe gun ownership and practices than irresponsible people who go on rampages . 
  there is no reason this can happen in europe as well . 
  this might not be a popular comment here but i watched a debate with farage , some dude from the bbc , a canadian politician and a canadian talk show host . 
  farage claimed that these refugees are infact not refugees as stated by the geneva convention which is someone who is fleeing war , persecution or natural disaster . 
  now , no doubt syria is at war , but what percentage of those that came to europe are syrian . 
  i remember i read somewhere that it was like 25 % of refugees are actually syrian . 
  the rest , where are they fleeing from that is in a civil war ? 
  another interesting point farage made was that muslims dont necesarily face persecution by the islamic state . 
  if you 're a muslim they will let you be but only if you follow their warped ideology of islam . 
  the people that are dying and being tortured are christians living in islamic state controlled areas . 
  john kerry signed a bill that stated isis is targeting and committing christian genocide in the me . 
  why is n't europe helping out me christians ? 
  very interesting debate i wish i could find the source . 
  found it . 
  it was a munk debate . 
  very cool http://www.munkdebates.com/debates/global-refugee-crisis, 
  na bra , us mericans be stupid yo . 
  check out dat new new on the low low . 
  totally !, 
  yup , comcast is shit and treats their customers terribly . 
  they have no competition so they just say `` oh , very sorry that happened . 
  now pay us the money we demand . '', 
   the truth is leaking again fixed that for you , 
  i just loathe john oliver . 
  i just do n't think he is funny . 
  usually that is what happens when you are gullible and naive .
