  i love george soros now . 
  this guy gets it . 
  the usa is a blood machine . 
  we live off blood money . 
  we exported all of our industries and now all we do is war . 
  i 've said it once and i 'll say it again . 
  fuck our current government . 
  i 'm glad donald trump won . 
  and i 'm glad he does n't want more war and wants to focus on bringing our industries back and fixing our economy and infrastructure . 
  the usa gov. 
  is an enemy to all people who want a better life . 
  well , if the democrats didnt want the fbi involved ... maybe they should n't have picked a candidate that was under fbi investigation . 
  as for wikileaks . 
  good . 
  are you saying that it 's a bad thing that the dnc was exposed and found out to be a super corrupt organization that was in collusion with the media like cnn & abc ? 
  the head of the dnc gave hillary questions to a debate and she was a political contributor to cnn . 
  which is highly unethical . 
  the dnc also choose hillary from the beginning . 
  bernie never had a chance . 
  saudi wont accept syrian refugees because , i kid you not [ they say it is a security threat and that the crisis is the result of western influence in the region so they are not responsible for them ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/arab-monarchies-turn-down-syrian-refugees-over-security-threat/a-19002873 ) . 
  what a great bunch of loving , kind , helpful people . 
  but of course europe and the west are racist for helping and having some of our own people question the immigration . 
  yeah i know but hillary tries to . 
  she has a public position that differs from her private position . 
  so , in her world she can have both . 
  unfortunately for her wikileaks revealed her true nature to many people . 
  well she is . 
  which makes it even more hilarious when you think about it . 
  she tries so hard to come off as sincere , genuine and like-a-ble that it completely backfires . 
  ahh yes . 
  the hillary clinton of europe . 
  `` what do the people like today ? 
  then that is what i like ! '', 
  the only clear answer is ... more refugees . 
  and even then , popular vote means nothing . 
  its the road to 270 not the road to popular vote . 
  funny how nobody is concerned about muslims from south east asia countries because they are not of arabic decent . 
  funny how the muslims from arabic countries are the ones causing all the problems . 
  funny how europe will fall under muslim control in a few decades time all because you were too worried of being called a `` racist '', 
  funny how those two places are not in the middle east ... 
  you replied so obviously not . 
  i 'll take it you do n't have a rebuttal and that will be the end of it . 
  in case you guys were wondering no body cares what / u/cblackout has to say . 
  and just to further the conversation . 
  do you think that islam is not patriarchal ? 
  it is not a conservative religion ? 
  is it not fascist ? 
  look at muslim majority countries - saudi arabia - uae - oman ... etc. 
  any dissenting opinion gets you chastised severely . 
  it 's all good . 
  in 50 years time europe will be mostly muslim by then and at that point they might finally understand just how patriarchal , conservative , religious and fascist islam is . 
  that 's because us americans love a good show . 
  that was comedy gold . 
  you are trying to hold politicians to a higher standard than normal people when in fact they are just ... normal people . 
  are you telling me you 've never met someone who does n't brag ? 
  do people who brag make you angry or something ? 
  if anyone has the right to brag it is a man as accomplished as trump . 
  yes , before `` zee germans '' get there . 
  being poor in america sucks more than being poor in afgahnistan or zimbabwe ? 
  care to elaborate ? 
  or were you talking about first world countries ? 
  by selling chicle 's and washing car windows at the mexican-american border . 
  and mexico is still paying for the wall . 
  if theology is to be taken seriously by the religions followers , then what god has said must be taken at face value . 
  if the prophet muhammed says that god told him homosexuality is a sin then that 's it . 
  god created the natural order between man and women . 
  being gay destroys that natural order and as a result is a direct conflict with god . 
  if the human species only goal in life is to reproduce then being gay means you have lost your value . 
  now you have to determine if humans are meant for more than just procreating, 
  eye opening to the blind , deaf and dumb . 
  normal for people who see islam for what it is . 
  a religion stuck in the stone ages that has not moved forward in 1400 years . 
  15 years sweden 's most used will be mohammad . 
  poland & japan have almost 0 % refugees accepted . 
  they also have had 0 terrorist attacks in recent years . 
  i think not . 
  could be ... could be . 
  i will not rule it out since i do n't speak french . 
  [ sauce ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/emmanuel-macrons-unlikely-path-to-the-french-presidency/2017/05/07/f8943ed8-bdc3-4ed4-8bbb-97a8781ff393_story.html?utm_term=.700c2d0ec752 ) `` defending an open , multicultural society was a central component of en marche ( onward ) , the movement macron launched in 2016 . 
  `` globalization can be a great opportunity , '' he said at one point on the campaign trail . 
  ** `` there is no such thing as french culture , '' he said at another . 
  `` there is culture in france , and it is diverse . '' ** could be taken either way . 
  however , to say france has no culture is downright wrong . 
  macron told his people that france has no culture . 
  good luck . 
  literally hitler . 
  barrack obama was good a one thing . 
  destroying the democratic party and giving republicans both the house and the senate . 
  how about accepting the fact that there is a problem with mass immigration from regions of the world that have low iq and tend to be religious zealots . 
  that would be step one . 
  step two would be putting a stop to eu bureaucrat 's from dictating what france wants . 
  the people of france can decide for themselves . 
  context is your friend . 
  i was replying to the poster who said he hoped france would resume `` business as usual '' . 
   people tend to respond disproportionately to the actual statistical risk immediately after a heavily-publicized attack . 
  i mean france has n't had the greatest of luck with islamists recently . 
  and they are one of the most benevolent countries to muslims . 
  to downplay this would be a mistake . 
  they had charlie hebdo assasination . 
  it 's becoming the norm and i for one will not accept terrorism as a norm .
