  you get taken advantage of . 
  props for sweden actually doing something about it, 
  it does n't matter . 
  i never said it did . 
  i just do n't like it , and that 's my opinion on the matter . 
  perhaps it is because i do n't like john oliver but i am allowed that as well . 
  thanks for the info , 
  it does n't i was just curious . 
  can i have their name ? 
  i do n't live over there so how would i know ? 
  i do n't watch big media . 
  i only watch sports and movies . 
  so no i ca n't see the hypocrisy . 
  but , can you answer my question ? 
  is there any american in british media like oliver is over here ? 
  listen , healthcare for one nation might be easy to do when you have a country with a 64.1 million population . 
  we have ** five times ** the amount of people . 
  50 states with different laws . 
  state and federal governments . 
  it is a little bit more complicated then non-american citizens care to realize . 
  we are built on a free market that is n't exactly free at the moment . 
  the end goal of obamacare is to make insurance companies go out of business so the government can assume full control over it . 
  obama is a socialist . 
  he thinks that companies did n't build themselves , the people built it . 
  i live in california , but i can only buy a health insurance plan in california because there are boundaries put into place . 
  if i wanted a healthcare plan from nyc i would n't be able to get one because i do n't live in nyc . 
  it is a bit ridiculous . 
  if we could get rid of these boundaries and people were able to pick any health coverage the best most affordable companies would be the ones that succeed . 
  that goes for all sectors of the market . 
  cable companies have monopolies over here as well . 
  i can only choose between at&t & cox in the area where i live . 
  why is that ? 
  why ca n't i choose any cable company . 
  the answer is because america is not a truly free market . 
  we live in a pseudo-capitalistic nation . 
  we call it crony capitalism . 
  so to rebuttal what you said . 
  no , i do n't think we need a foreigner telling us what to do . 
  and some american people eat it up ... i loathe the guy to be honest . 
  i do n't like it very much when a foreigner comes in , takes a show and tries to tell us how to think . 
  are there any american 's like this in british media ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  much love from across the pond . 
  exactly right , he plays to peoples anger at the current moment of how our government is running itself . 
  he is a master at media manipulation . 
  to be able to manipulate the media is quite brilliant , when he does n't have many friends in it . 
  remember , this man has been called a sexist , misygonist , radical , xenophobe , every negative word you can think of and people still vote for him . 
  he is not as crazy as everyone thinks . 
  he spent the lest amount of money on his campaign and crushed the gop record for votes in the republican primary . 
  he got 2 billion dollars worth of free media airtime . 
  he is no fool , brash , says outlandish things , but i doubt he is as crazy as everyone thinks . 
  all legal . 
  or else he would be in jail . 
  outplayed every time . 
  no they wont . 
  secret service will blow their little assess out, 
  shhhhhhh . 
  let the delusions fester . 
  it will be funnier when his world view collapses . 
  here ya go big boi !, 
  http://www.cnn.com/2017/03/22/politics/devin-nunes-trump-communications/ trump was definitely spied on . 
  and he is definitely vindicated . 
  time will tell who the real fool is here . 
  you think trump would say something and have no proof to back it up ? 
  what am i saying of course you do . 
  simply get outplayed every time . 
  nunes states that no information gathered had anything to do with russia . 
  as for your comments about immigrants . 
  let 's try a simple language exercise . 
  can you add `` illegal '' in front of `` immigrant '' ? 
  you 've completed the exercise !, 
  you lose !, 
  good day sir !, 
  you get nothing !, 
  what do you win ? 
  a big fat nothingburger . 
  sorry , dressing in white bedsheets is a democrat policy . 
  not something i indulge in . 
  well you see . 
  i have mexican heritage and racist white european colonial heritage . 
  so , to answer your question the wall has n't been built yet, 
  good thing i look like a taco then . 
  even more delicioso . 
  we do n't need to grow culture . 
  we stole yours and africa 's . 
  healthcare ? 
  what for ? 
  i 'm healthy as fuck, 
  i do n't know man . 
  y' all got those soccer hooligans . 
  i have a problem with you saying police not just shooting people and then not even referencing the gang violence that has consumed chicago . 
  do you think that only police are shooting people ? 
  if you are , i 'll tell you , you are very wrong . 
   please provide proof of your claim on the british . 
  wrong . 
  i was providing proof of this gentleman 's claim on the british . 
  good day sir . 
  ah yes , everyone loved great britain during her glory days of colonialism . 
  everyone loved their taxes on teas . 
  wtf ?
