  long before the war started . 
  kinda sad you recognise them by their favourite fetish . 
  talking about degeneracy . 
  the greens are pragmatic too . 
  in hessen they drifted fully to the right . 
  if they were in charge of the government , we would n't know the difference . 
  economy would still be the same , and they would not be able to solve this problem either . 
  oh boy , you are serious . 
  you gon na charge them for treason ? 
  why ? 
  so they start stealing food for others to say `` see they are criminals , we told you so '' ? 
  the current government is not suited for this sort of problem . 
  what about immigrants who technically have a job but that place was bombed to cinders ? 
  got ta fear our bavarian penalty techniques . 
  sadly non-existent . 
  i heard st. pauli has a rugby team . 
  people are always indignant , pointing out , those poor asylum seekers are not so poor since they all have `` i-phones '' ( all smartphones are i-phones for the non-techsavvy people ) . 
  they ignore the fact that these were also for sale in syria , but it fuels the rage enough for people who think , they are coming here because we are richer and give them social benefits and the first thing they do with that money is buying a new smartphone . 
  actually russia was the worst testing field . 
  no industry , no infrastructure , no literacy . 
  marx pointed out that you need at least some level of the above to have successful communism . 
  what lenin basically did was scratching those parts and apply it to russia , hence marxism-leninism . 
  replace russians with europeans and you have the exact same reasoning by russians word for word . 
  back then in the 50ies , only rich kids could visit gymnasium . 
  but when the russians launched the sputnik , the allies crapped their pants and forced the german government to abandon their silly class system , so genius kids who are born to working class people get recognised . 
  that 's how my grandpa was allowed in it , despite him being the son of a shoemaker , so thank you , i guess . 
  no , i am from hessen . 
  turks , kurds , moroccans , berber, 
  putin is a known channer , who posts gore on ylyl threads . 
  gore of which he has exclusive access , so to say . 
  of course he lobbies for banning `` plebbit '' as every channer , who 's in charge of a country , would . 
  in russian folklore , grandpa frost ( their santa ) lives in lapland, 
  go [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gondar ) and become king . 
  you need to defect to russia to be safe from persecution , because you committed the terrible crime of acting in our best interest . 
  think about that for a second . 
  wagenknecht is gysi-level eloquent , but too radical . 
  kipping on the other hand is too young , van aken and de masi too unknown and riexinger does surprisingly well for a man of compromise . 
  they have people , they just have difficulties putting them into spotlight . 
  they are all suits on two legs . 
  i 'm not the op of that pic . 
  but i was amused enough to save it . 
  not ** republika slovenija ** ? 
  look where we are now . 
  i know people are short-sighted , but come on !, 
  eritrea is basically the north korea of africa . 
  once a female pilot fled to fucking saudi-arabia to escape them , it 's that level of desperation !, 
  talks like this should 've happened during the good times . 
  i never understood how they became a currency . 
  there are attacks on refugee homes nearly on a daily basis . 
  it could be linked , no one knows . 
  no charges yet . 
  if the numbers are true , this would be the first time the majority of the people are empathic towards their leaders . 
  does he speak honestly about the difficulties and aims towards the public or what ? 
  germany had abwrack-pr\u00e4mie . 
  it was some sort of stimulus . 
  edit : looks like a lot of states did this around 2009 after the crash . 
  again ? 
  i still remember how it ended last time . 
  merkel just pretends to be onservative , because she knows she will get the most votes out of it . 
  just like gabriel pretends to be social democrat . 
  there are designated roles in politics , that needs fulfilling . 
  conservatives on one side , social democrats or liberals on the other . 
  merkel will budge when the pressure is high enough , like she did with conscription and nuclear power . 
  but right now she has 43 % and there are more pressing matters , where you can emotionally milk the electorate . 
  sick people, 
  and all the money , we sent down , so we could take the bullets for the banks would be lost forever . 
  which idiot government of ours thought this was a great idea ? 
  he right so . 
  the same with ebbelwoi . 
  if you put a drop of cola in it , my inner hessian will refuse to call it ebbelwoi , no matter what the s\u00fc\u00dfspritzer will tell me . 
  they fucked up , when they sent our money down there , so that we could take the bullet for the banks . 
  it 's their fault , we are in this position in the first place . 
  what really hurts is his popularity in germany . 
  you wo n't make any friends if you say something against him . 
  it was actually him , who made us take the bullet for the banks , without asking us . 
  greece should n't have our money in the first place , but people forgot and forgave him that already , just like the time , where he took money from a weapons dealer . 
  this is very hard for me to imagine . 
  greeks do n't use the latin alphabet . 
  they use the greek alphabet . 
  maybe they have a different view on fonts because of that , and do n't get it . 
  we live in a time where nation can afford troll armies , and i am not just talking about putin . 
  look up jtrig . 
  that is to say , if there is an opinion to push , it will be pushed . 
  reddit is a big enough and relevant website . 
  perfect working conditions . 
  call me a tinfoil , i welcome the downvotes , but government does n't spent money on a group , for them to do nothing . 
  seems legit !, 
  we got into smalltalk , asked how my birthday was and such . 
  weeks later i got a mail for not declaring my presents . 
  as someone who was dependent on benefits once ( i got better ) , i seriously have to question how this is even possible ? 
  they watched every step of mine , even refused me money , because i got expensive birthday presents ( two relatively newly released video games ) . 
  a grexit will be very expensive for us . 
  why they did n't kicked them out a long time ago ? 
  why were they hellbent on keeping greece in the eurozone , when the greek governments were less leftist ? 
  did you never asked yourself this question ? 
  sorry for our jury being retarded . 
  that 's because our banking sector had a lot of greek state bonds due to high yields . 
  i remember 10 years ago my bank tried to convince me to do the same . 
  we had `` aufschwung '' ( boom ) and countries like greece , portugal and ireland had `` wirtschaftswunder '' ( economic miracles ) happen . 
  credits :  ernst wagner a very russian name you have there , buddy .
