  that 's because latin languages put adjectives after nouns . 
  in german press you got a lot of malicious glee . 
  but our government does n't play to win . 
  they play to humiliate . 
  so that no other euro country comes to the funny idea to vote lefter than the allowed s&d club . 
  half-done things never last long . 
  either unite or disband . 
  i still can not believe people thought a currency can be run without a common budget !, 
  the insulting part was , they got payed a fuckton of money for their job `` well done '' . 
  i am not talking about the military . 
  so we are on the road of a full scale war now ? 
  just a reminder , in case of emergency , the usa is far away . 
   separam interesting choice of word here . 
  so instead of calling them invaders , you acknowledge them being native ukrainians who want to split ? 
  well , if this was germany , they would blame `` killergames '' and we would have a discussion going for the next 6 months with nonsensical sanctions to follow . 
  especially conservatives like to profile themselves upon that . 
  the roadmap looks like this turkey -  greece -  macedonia -  serbia -  hungary it was supposed to go through bulgaria initially , but due to pressure , bulgaria withdrew , and greece and macedonia had to jump in . 
  on the right is a map linking to subreddits of european countries , which you can use as reference . 
  by that logic , the charleston shooting would also be a local crime story . 
  kinda strange , not something i am usually used to . 
  guess every country has their on democratic quirks . 
  was n't this place fenced or something ? 
  will venstre categorically refuse to go in a coalition with dansk folkeparti , or just when dansk folkeparti leads the blues and claims the pm position for themselves ? 
  and for that , how high is the probability of dansk folkeparti ceasing their claims on the pm position , even if they lead the blues for the sake of forming a non-red government ? 
  what if the dansk folkeparti gains more votes than venstre ? 
  will venstre accept a df prime minister ? 
  i think the main topic will be the gas pipeline , that will go through greece . 
  do n't worry . 
  those who negotiate do n't know either . 
  european atheists have no qualms tipping their fedoras towards religious people acknowledging them for a job well done . 
  only now it is stupid ? 
  not from the point , when they told us a monetary union can work without a common budget ? 
  it 's like putting a hungry cow on asphalt and saying to her , she only gets food , if she gives milk . 
  https://i.imgur.com/1ibvwv6.png the headline reads `` typical working hours '' i have it from this article : http://derstandard.at/2000015067497/land-der-ueberstunden which they in turn have from eurostat . 
  it 's hard , because things are so heated , everyone has positioned themselves into a specific corner of the debates . 
  if you are still interested in the few news websites that do counter arguments , i can drop the links . 
  just take them with a grain of salt . 
  of course they want after being bombarded by this . 
  the moral in doing so is n't very high , if you feel constantly lied to by your government . 
  right now the nsa affair shows , the german government is merely a branch of the us-government , spilling spaghetti left and right because of a list . 
  this display is highly disgraceful and lacks the sovereignty , a government of an independent state should have . 
  and people expect me to defend this or what ? 
  why are people like ivan bubenchik allowed to walk free ? 
  even if he was paid to say these things , this can not be good for pr . 
  say no to blackmail !, 
  once you accept it , you will be milked to death !, 
  i know what you mean . 
  anti-germans are cunts . 
  fun fact . 
  they hate each others . 
  that would be the ypg , if turkey allowed it . 
  these parts are a minority ( albeit a wealty one ) though . 
  the huge majority is antiimperialist . 
  more like , they are critical of their own government 's involvement in this whole affair . 
  of course it does n't hinder people to embrace the `` if you are not with us , you are against us '' mentality, 
  now you need mass hindu immigration to ban beef . 
  when they pander to you ( greece ) they are down to earth , when they do not , they are leftists . 
  careful !, 
  this is a very touchy subject for paedophiles . 
  to the point , where they are willing [ to kill for it !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xaf7q9rkjgo ), 
  it 's amazing what mental gymnastics were performed to name their child western , non-russian names . 
   germans are not very well liked in switzerland . 
  as a leftist i can say through my regular communication , that not all leftists think like this . 
  apparently just the rich ones with easy access to media . 
  green party voters . 
  we know that czechia is a republic by now !, 
  we are really really sorry for this !, 
  rigaer stra\u00dfe 94 was populated leftists though . 
  they literally sent 500 policemen to secure one house . 
  you can literally look this news up on the internet . 
  it 's enough when one does it . 
  news like this spreads like wildfire . 
  so if ireland hosts the olympic games , slovakia and slovenia will be entering under `` a '' or is it just a common prefix for countries ? 
  and like i replied , they are horribly failing . 
  there has to be more to it . 
  if they try to prevent a riot , they are incredibly failing it , since swedes can easily access these infos from outside . 
  they are concerned about immigrants ? 
  really ? 
  that would be the first time they are concerned about anything below their income strata . 
  that is pure evil . 
  i am usually careful with these definition but what else is it , when girls are getting raped and you put the boot in by silence . 
  what is the ulterior motive in doing so ? 
   it 's time for progressive thought to be rekindled and abandon the old left . 
  but they already did that in the 90ies . 
  it 's called third way . 
  clinton , blair , schr\u00f6der , prodi , hollande , valls and renzi are all part of it . 
   sohr now that you mention him , these one man newssources are coming into fashion , are n't they ? 
  trent reznor did it before it was cool !, 
   bellingcat is n't that basically one unemployed guy ? 
  you think these sudden swifts in totalitarianism today are entirely possible without consequences ? 
  of course they prefer to push their frame of mobility further and wait for reactions from the eu , they are part of . 
  hitler also did n't declare instant war , he also waited 6 years , pushing his frame slightly by occuping the rhineland , anschluss of austria , annexing czechia and so on . 
  to be fair , they are rather foreign topics than domestic ones , but unlike back then , your domestic issues have to align with the domestic issues of the eu . 
  erdogan 's stroke of authoritarianism also came at a later point . 
   crumbling too soon to call that  totalitarian well on the way . 
  why else weaken the press and the court ? 
   nazi at least they are not commies , right ? 
   state yes , maybe poland will remove the `` republic '' too . 
  create your own group , with blackjack and hookers .
