  we used to have too many doctors ( \u00c4rzteschwemme ) now we lack them ( \u00c4rztemangel ) . 
  do n't buy into the hype/meme !, 
  tossed cigarettes are basically the pavement along our riverside . 
  this is getting absurd . 
  he did it first within the eu in a recent time , so ... 
  i 'm not talking about london , i am talking about the city of london . 
  yes , they are two different things . 
  what will happen if it gets hit by a meteorite ? 
  how much of uk economy depends on the city of london ? 
  shitty works are now worthwhile to do , and people are actually motivated . 
  who would 've guessed ? 
  so poland basically goes the way of the orban . 
  soon we will celebrate christmas with shorts, 
  i still do n't get it !, 
  the gemeenteraad of geldermalsen has 21 seats . 
  from these , the pvda has 2 , and the d66 has also 2 . 
  how can a coalition of 4 seats be a local government against an opposition of 17 seats ? 
   so when the government led by socialists ( pvda ) and progressive liberals ( d66 ) which government are you talking about ? 
  your pm is mark rutte , who is part of the vvd ( liberal-conservatives , alde aligned ) and in coalition with the pvda , and the two parties you mentioned only have 4 seats out of 21 . 
  pls , no . 
  we have this in hessen . 
  pick your flavour . 
  red , green or yellow . 
  the joke is , that she will be re-elected as chancellor . 
  also we just need the military for self-defence . 
  that 's it , but since the late nineties it is been repurposed . 
  the military now has to participate on every adventure , the nato can throw at us . 
  kinda like the opposite of self-defence . 
  this realignment comes with logistical problems nowadays , but it now shows weaknesses on both fronts . 
  the occupation force is not adequately equipped . 
  it has to buy equipment from allied forces . 
  and `` you learn better self defence from outdoor activity clubs '' , someone said to me when he finished his conscription ( which we no longer have , btw ) . 
  not long ago italy was in a similar pickle as greece now . 
  are we really going to play that game ? 
  i did . 
  it 's more about russia than crimea . 
  yes , so why is everyone encouraging that ? 
  the logic escapes me . 
  ukrainians cap the power and russia is at fault ? 
  it 's not important what r/europe thinks . 
  it 's important what the crimeans think , and it is ridiculously easy to portray ukrainians as the bad guys , since they are responsible for the power shortage . 
  i welcome the downvotes . 
  more like italy with lampedusa , spain with their exclaves and malta . 
  european solidarity means leave countries with immigration problems to deal it themselves , rebuke them if they can no longer handle it , and praise god that your country does not have a mediterranean coast . 
  cheap populism points . 
  `` see , if the lazy greeks refuse to deal with immigrants we kick them out of schengen . 
  we are doing something ! '', 
  you can form the biggest anti-isis coalition and it still wo n't be enough . 
  you can put a coalition soldier on every square metre there is in iraq and syria and it still wo n't be enough unless you hit isis where it really hurts . 
  money . 
  some people recognise it 's necessary and do n't go full sankt florian . 
  turkey 's violation of greek air space . 
  https://twitter.com/doikon/status/669199301315284993 shot planes : 0, 
  they may claim so , but it is evidently they consist mostly of people who do n't want asylum houses in their neighbourhood . 
  these are the same people by the way , who did n't want to have wind turbines and high voltage transmission lines `` in front of our gardens '' . 
  for the turkish government ypg is pkk . 
  that 's why germany refuses to send them guns . 
  it may end up in the `` wrong hands '' . 
  he clearly was n't `` ready '' . 
  but the reason he stayed is because human is a creature of habit and also most of his social life involved around friends and family who were probably in the sect too ( sects tend to block themselves from the outside , making it easier to foster a `` us versus them '' mentality ) . 
  but despite the story being quite out there , there are still people willingly to join scientology . 
  this is what baffles me honestly . 
  your sarcasm is utterly inappropriate , for the incident is a symptom for russian-turkish relationship being in a downward-spiral . 
  of course it was not these words alone that shot down the plane , as you try to make it out to be , else they would 've shot it down long time ago . 
  nevertheless war was waged for lesser reasons . 
  also you have to remember that france tried to get a resolution through both chambers of it 's parliament and the turks retaliated to it by sanctioning every french company operating in turkey . 
  russia may increase their support for the syrian kurds . 
  yeah , this `` truth '' is usually hidden from their members until they reached a certain level . 
  and you know why . 
  people hear it first , they think you are talking bullshit . 
  but if you underwent their brainwashing programme which you generously funded yourself , they hype you up to it , and when they reveal it to you , wham ! , mind = blown !!, 
  putin called armenian genocide a genocide . 
  http://www.todayszaman.com/anasayfa_russian-president-putin-calls-1915-armenian-killings-genocide_378723.html also pyd is about to open up a bureau in moscow , which will basically act as a de facto syrian kurd embassy http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-10-20/syrian-kurds-in-moscow-hopeful-of-recognition-rouse-turks-ire, 
  there are no nuclear plants in crimea though . 
  the next ones are either in the oblasts zaporizhia or mykolaiv, 
  ok , let me rephrase it . 
  the last thing we need in this mess is another s.t.a.l.k.e.r. 
  setting !, 
  wait !, 
  most electricity in ukraine comes from nuclear power plants . 
  how did they handle the sudden power surplus ? 
  the last thing we need in this mess is another chernobyl !, 
  this is what happens , when france and germany become one country . 
  learned a lot about france and germany ( and their differences ) in karambolage . 
  you are definitely in for a treat . 
  maybe we should extend this to all offshore havens . 
  we clearly do n't . 
  if these states disappeared from the map all of a sudden , islamists would find themselves in a financial pickle . 
  the `` germany rules eu '' meme was born during the greek crisis . 
  note that back then it was perceived as a good thing . 
  they represent those tools , who wilfully waste their money to call up , since you have to pay additional cost . 
  this is what happens when you make everyone a criminal suspect . 
  there are not enough people to scan for the collected data . 
   daily mail headline : jeremy corbyn snubs centuries of tradition by refusing to perform the skiddly-wink peasantry dance for her majesty 's amusement, 
  i already replied to this . 
  i do n't claim the high horse , quite the contrary . 
  no , it 's not the holier than thou stick . 
  it 's more that our government is too stupid and lacks backbone to do such a stunt on their own . 
  considering the fact , how nsa spied on the mobile of our hog and they still did n't dared to do much ( it happened after the nsa-affair was declared finished ) , simply because so much is dependent on them . 
  recent news is , the nsa gave the bnd a list of targets to spy on .
