  and really any ideology could 've do that . 
  the remarkable thing is , they had no support in doing so . 
  hence the following isolation . 
  50 years are too short to let go of it . 
  the thing is not about time . 
  it 's about justice . 
  bp is a thriving company now , the uk and the usa still remove governments , they do n't like . 
  meanwhile the iran is isolated to the point where they are only able to call russia their friend , had lost over a million people , because a western puppet waged war with them , is now involved in a cold war stance with the gulf states , who have worse human rights situation , yet have the full support of the west and has to deal with an ultra-religious elite to boost . 
  addendum : maybe it is easy for you to say as a british person , because i can not remember the last time , where your country was mistreated on the international stage . 
  ideology will appear whenever there is a feeling of suppression , humiliation , disaster or sorrow . 
  the iranis got themselves one , with the ayatollahs . 
  their leader was not charismatic , but imagine the amount of desperation , the people were , to gather behind them just to get rid of the shah . 
  you still did n't address the battle south of damascus . 
  and he never will . 
  at this point he will insist that his refuted claims are `` proofs '' . 
  he even starts making sexual flirts with me , at which point it transgressed the autismal event horizon . 
  what remains is to note that maltybeverage has no regards for truth . 
  he cares more about being right . 
  on the other hand , we still make a lot of fuss about entire nations being systematically destroyed and the descendants are still held accountable for it . 
  the removal of mosaddegh was after that . 
  but for some reason that 's old history . 
  and again you are ignoring the battles south of damascus between is and assad troops . 
  because you can not explain it within your narrative and you are not smart enough to make up something on the spot . 
  also if i linked russia today , you would also dismiss it . 
  rightfully so . 
  nyt is also not neutral , since they do come from a country that is a major one-sided supporter in this conflict . 
   nytimes yes they are completely unbiased . 
  / s i like how you ignore the battles that happen in south damascus between syrian troops and is . 
  it 's like it does n't fit your narrative of something . 
  come on !, 
  try to explain these . 
  i wan na see those mental gymnastic performance !, 
  by removing mosaddegh , for example , you shattered a lot of confidence people had for secularist democracies in that region . 
  why bother , if you are going to remove it , if you do n't like it ? 
  obama said , russia is just a regional power . 
   is was never aligned with anyone other than assad . 
  unless you have serious proof of that i 'm gon na categorise that as propaganda bullshit . 
  but before isis became terrorists , they used to be freedom fighters , ( just like the al-nusra , the biggest rebel faction as of now , who is a branch of al-qaeda , is getting supported by the west ) . 
  [ al bagdhadi and mccain actually met , too ] ( https://youtu.be/ibfstcjckde?t=10s ) so one everything is done , they will just leave the at that like they did in afghanistan and libya . 
  and 20 years later , they seriously wonder , why they have another 9/11 . 
  that 's why i said they used to be part of the rebels . 
  and assad having truce with them or even buying oil from them is complete bullshit , considering how they have battles south of damascus . 
  the reason why the west is supporting the rebels is to topple assad . 
  and they are still working on a regime change . 
  isis used part of the rebel alliance , too . 
  the explanation for how they got their money and weapons is laughable . 
  unguarded armory and bank full of weapons and money . 
  yes of course . 
  you intervened , when gaddafi 's forces were besieging bengazi , the last bastion of the rebels . 
  you forget that syria has three times more the population that libya and that they are packed due to them being a smaller county than libya . 
  also in libya the fightings happen outside populated areas meanwhile in syria , there is a front in damascus , aleppo is still under siege and so on . 
  the war in libya is still ongoing . 
  there was a battle in sirte recently . 
  libya does look like syria though . 
  just because it is outside he medial focus , does n't mean there is nothing happening here . 
  for starters , it has two parliaments , each claiming sole representation of whole libya . 
  and the warlords in between , with isis just recently joining in by some groups pledging loyalty to al-baghdadi . 
  also recently there was a massacre in sirte , so it just perfectly outlines a post-rebel victory for syria . 
  considering the fact that libya was one of the wealthiest states in africa , comparing it to it 's current state and claim whether it is `` debatable '' if it went wrong is actually pretty cynic . 
  am i supposed to take this at face value ? 
  of course did the west support the rebels . 
  what we are seeing here is a classic proxy war . 
  without the support of the west , the opposition would 've been long gone !, 
  it surely has nothing to do with them being rebel supporters . 
  assad is not stupid . 
  once isis is gone , the brits will stay . 
  that 's nothing . 
  foreign ministers in germany have always amtsbonus , even if you are steinmeier . 
  the only one who seemed to subvert it was westerwelle , but it was during the fdp-crisis . 
  more like all interventions have gone wrong , since you guys ousted mossadegh . 
  and it 's a form of insanity , doing the same thing expecting different results . 
  there are n't huge battles , because the dictator is already gone and the militias are disorganized , battling each other . 
  libya now has two governments in tripolis and bengazi , claiming to rule over everything . 
  former rebels , most o them islamists , are now at each other throats with isis just recently joining in . 
  and immigrants are fleeing as strong as ever . 
  lampedusa is still a thing . 
  you just do n't see it , because it 's out of medial focus . 
  assad is still in power . 
  al-nusra still needs to pretend he is the good guy . 
  [ considering what europeans think of americans ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igxpdp3zbwq ), 
  daesh is in a warring state with borders shifting by the minutes . 
  meanwhile transnistria 's borders are frozen solid for 25 years . 
  de facto it is , it is just not recognised by the cool kids in the international yard . 
  the current borders were made by the soviets . 
  they did n't had independence in mind when they drew it . 
  now it is causing obvious problems . 
  then you have the issue with gagauzia . 
  they are generally pro-russia but opt a federation within moldova instead of independence . 
  look at libya for recent example . 
  [ something like this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/317e4xw.jpg ), 
  if you think this is bad , then you do n't want to know , how we organise our schools . 
  they could use that money to battle dnr and lnr instead . 
  putin is anything , but he is not stupid . 
  oh god , where to start ... 
  even if someone has a concept , it will be ignored as usually . 
  we will vote the same people in and see that the situation does n't improve at all until we are desperate enough to vote for something new . 
  but after that it will be too little , too late . 
  optimistic estimations are 10 years , assuming that the focus remains on the immigrants , which is unlikely considering austerity and russia , but even if the focus shifts , they still remain . 
  she is good when it comes to lulling people , yes and this was the reason why she became chancellor but you ca n't solve this problem with rhetoric alone . 
  last time i visited syria it was also quite nice .
