  actually it was the bavarian kingdom . 
  that guy had serious nostalgia for absolutism . 
  louis `` l'etat , c'est moi '' bourbon was his idol . 
  building it was so expensive , bavaria nearly became a republic because of it . 
  even the prussian king had to admit , that his bavarian colleague has lost his mind . 
   through his trouncing of austria and prussia he also helped to prove the point to the german people that they should get rid of the medieval system of 300 princes and should form a single german state . 
  this is actually a bad thing . 
  ever read grimm 's fairy tales ? 
  ever wondered , where the many princes and princesses were coming from ? 
  those clusterfucks made disney rich !, 
  we used to be the hre too , which was even bigger . 
  adrien desport , the fn guy ? 
  how many internet personas does he have ? 
  i am barely able to keep track of one !, 
  spain is n't part of efta, 
  i can understand that . 
  just know that this option exists . 
  i never said all non-voters are socialists . 
  this is turning into a circle debate . 
  you realize , that 34 % is a pretty big number ? 
  it 's like one third of the electorate . 
  never said that nonvoters are left-wing . 
  the same case in germany . 
  many speculate , this is institutionalised . 
  because if you look at statistics , those with lower incomes are usually the ones to stay at home during election day . 
  he may get some disgruntled voters back who were not fan of blairs `` new labour '' . 
  the voter turnout was about 66 % . 
  so the non-voter potential is quite high , when he is able to convince them , that he will make a difference . 
  the thing is , corbyn can sell that he is a man of the people , something miliband was n't able too . 
  are there any german internet hubs ? 
  expect for online news foren , that is . 
  i lost connection to it to the point , where i am discussing bundesliga with germans in english . 
  not so irrational though . 
  17 seats in the ep , the right to plant a commissioner , catalan being an official eu language . 
  and of course open access to the european domestic market . 
  he mostly visits k\u00f6ln , so it 's not the beer . 
  my guess is , he goes there because of pascha . 
  which makes me think . 
  who will buy all that stuff , when russia cuts trade with the ukraine ? 
  i know we wo n't . 
  it looks like a gated community . 
  i doubt much will change . 
  the afd is split and the cdu/csu remain the most right-wing party on the spectrum . 
  r2g is an impossibility , so merkel will win this by default . 
  the only interesting thing is , what goes with black . 
  red , green or yellow ? 
  and then you have countries like germany and austria . 
  well last election proved that germany is an akp stronghold , so there is that . 
  there is a reason why erdogan likes to come here regularly . 
  they can still join the efta . 
  unlike bales , monaco does n't have a national team that competes internationally , though . 
  yes . 
  a tenant wants to close a popular restaurant around the corner and give the rent to a restaurant chain instead . 
  the whole neighbourhood is against this . 
  it 's a small battle , but still . 
  is n't his name \u0160atan ? 
  the truth is , our current governments is not designed to handle these kind of problem properly . 
  administrating privatisations is one thing , but administrating immigrants is something completely different . 
  people wo n't elect outside the norm , so the change has to come within the social democrat , green , liberal and conservative parties . 
  of course they can hope public and media will lose focus and interest on it . 
  thank you !, 
  i can read the sarcasm . 
   they the guy we keep electing into their offices and their superiors . 
  you know they are at their limit , if they are wire tapped and do n't have the guts to speak openly about it and jeopardize the investigation with anything they ca n't . 
  i mentioned them , because a lot of things are quite intertwined . 
  like a lot of journalists of ours are in a lot of transatlantic clubs like the aspen institute , the german marshal fund and the trilateral commission . 
  and i guess these clubs do n't exist for their mere amusement . 
  so again . 
  i think they want control over the flow of resources , for that they topple any government of a state they want , where they know they can easily win military wise for bogus reason , but in the long run they need to deal with russia , at least zgib implied that much . 
  my conclusion is that they do whatever they want and the majority of population just applauses whatever they come up to . 
  i saw how media worked . 
  i saw how russia 's reputation sank after a massive media campaign led by axel springer verlag . 
  and as if i needed any confirmation , they did the same with greece . 
  same media campaign , same success and any favourable views the greeks had is replaced with sneer and polemics . 
  spin is a scary thing . 
  it 's a very scary thing . 
   they 're literally not worth it reading zbigniew brzezinski , i came to a different conclusion . 
  hippie state ? 
  that 's a new one !, 
   stop genocide i always thought it was some propaganda trick . 
  just like the wmds in iraq just a pretence to fuck shit up . 
  we hear a lot of `` gaddafi/assad is bombing his own people '' . 
  some of `` his own people '' turned out be pretty nasty islamists . 
  and for russia , their fear of encirclement is a real one . 
  something the chinese also accused you of doing . 
  and you kinda did nothing to ensure them of that this is not the case , so i assumed you did it intentionally . 
  still i assume you would shy away of direct confrontation , because despite our news showing russian aeroplanes being patched up with papier-m\u00e2ch\u00e9 and what not , they are not iraq or afghanistan , something to rush over with technological superiority . 
  do you even care about un or global rule of the games ? 
  most people here think you do n't , thinking you are partner in crimes . 
  russia clearly thinks so , actively threatening you to keep your fingers outside and messing with russia is not a good idea , especially with the ukraine crisis afoot and the vote in the parliament was a reaction to that . 
  was n't that because of the russian veto ? 
  no offence , but from the outside it often looks like you are of one mind . 
  how so ? 
  you are still friends and there do n't seem to be any grudges . 
  i always assumed , you knew your ploy in this stage were shit and accepted it . 
  you still remained a superpower though . 
   1956 the suez crisis ? 
  seriously ? 
  how did it affect your civil population at all ? 
  also the religious nutters were able to hijack it , because iran was a fertile ground for ideology .
