  gee i wonder why . 
  maybe because they are not open to the public ? 
  we are n't giving them any money though . 
  we are lending it to them with interests . 
  and they kept paying these interests until recent drama . 
  an order should be enough . 
  remember when they assumed snowden was in morales ' plane ? 
  outright 4 countries blocked their airspace for it , risking diplomatic upset over mere assumption that was in the end unjustified . 
  retirement age in greece is 56 according to faz , bild and wolfgang bosbach . 
  is n't the donbass an industrial region or something ? 
  this is maybe a stupid question . 
  but what happens , if greece does the same thing as montenegro and kosovo . 
  namely using the euro without being in the eurozone . 
  same with ecuador using us-dollar . 
  i am asking because i just found out recently about it and am not fully aware of the implications . 
  our media ( bild , faz ) claims , greeks go to pension at the age of 56 . 
  and some prominent politicans claim this too like wolfgang bosbach , who is quite prominent . 
  impulses for growth are needed and it clearly is n't coming from the private sector , so usually it 's the governments job . 
  we had something similar during our crisis . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scrappage_program in the end , you ca n't put a hungry cow on asphalt and say she only gets food , when she gives milk . 
  kinda funny , considering their involvement in bayern lb and hypo alpe adria . 
  naturally , he lost pasok support with that move . 
  pasok is part of s&d and pro-austerity . 
  actually that was papandreou and he got ousted . 
  as a matter of fact , we ca n't . 
  not without the help of the americans . 
  even if we spied on americans , the nsa would know because they provide us with equipment , because our government never invested beyond basic spytech , since they considered the americans as friends ( also to save money ) . 
  i like how they try to include their guests as an ensemble . 
  back then it was usually solo after solo with irrelevant bickering in between . 
  not that i minded them , but especially after schramm quit , it got kinda stale . 
  you are forgetting compound interests . 
  $ 150 are actually $ 404.56 and $ 60 are actually $ 180.61, 
  and which country is the soviet alternative ? 
  greece ? 
  lagarde is facing an imf managing director re-election next year . 
  got to show how much of an iron lady she is . 
  it 's true . 
  the rulebook does n't provide for this scenario . 
  technically the greeks have to leave the european union first , then change their currency then reenter . 
  or they do , what montenegro and kosovo are doing , using the euro while not being in the eurozone . 
  and what is a wahhabi ? 
  https://i.imgur.com/zjypmvv.png here i repainted the map . 
  i hope you do n't mind me leaving out some islands and the colour scheme . 
  america grants you freedom . 
  all they ask is to surveil you , while you are doing your freedom . 
  somehow i doubt , they had stop it , if nd and pasok were in charge , even if they did nothing . 
  the perpetrator was known by french internal security , and there will still be people to call for more surveillance . 
  valve corporation presents world war 2 : episode one, 
  and it created an even worse abomination with uncertain outcome . 
  and from that day forward russia made sure , poland and lithuania had not one single pleasant day for the rest of their lives . 
  yes , it 's the ancient old game of how much you can water down democracy and still call it democracy . 
  fptp gerrymandering can create constituencies that belong into a modern arts museum . 
  a leap of faith , none is willing to take . 
  this can actually end in a dictatorship or an oligarchy . 
  or removing some . 
  of course not , because it is a provisional arrangement . 
  and in politics nothing is more definite than a provisional arrangement . 
  that 's why none of your institutions wo n't question it . 
  but it does show a democratic understanding , if politicians avoid the upgrade to constitution , because of a fear of the plebiscite , even if the question would be like `` would you agree to call the basic law the constitution '' . 
  call the others conspiracy theorists or liars , but when was the last time , you participated in a plebiscite that had nothing to do with dog shit and frog tunnels . 
  frankfurt recently voted if they wanted that dfb-centre . 
  it failed due to a quorum , yet accumulated more votes against , than the ruling party , and would 've been successful , if it was in bavaria for example , due to them having not a quorum at all . 
  it kinda shows how serious we take all this stuff , if half of it does n't mean what it really means . 
  we have a basic law . 
  it does not see itself as a constitution , nor is it technically a constitution . 
  and if it is just a relict of the past then why not simply remove it ? 
  i would n't really worry about parliaments . 
  they may grumble , but they will let it pass . 
  the guys who put them there wo n't allow it , so they will throw a show tantrum and agree to it anyway , like we have seen before . 
  that wo n't happen . 
  the risks are too high . 
  the current toxicity is preferable . 
  it 's so bloody obvious they do n't want to belong to the eu . 
  let them go !, 
  it 's not like they are the country with the most exceptions and now they even want more of it . 
  you can push the patience of someone only this far . 
  a shame for the scots though , but they had their chances . 
  there will be a rotten compromise in the last second . 
  come on , it 's years since greece is in the eleventh hour . 
  just back then we did n't paid attention to it , because the troika was much more lenient towards nd and pasok ( who are part of the epp and s&d groups respectively ) , but there were discussions nonetheless . 
  this kind of mirrors the recurring debt ceiling crisis of the us . 
  the thing is , our politicians do n't believe in democracy . 
  we germans still do n't have a constitution , because the basic law ( our replacement for it ) requires us to vote on it after the reunification . 
  which was 25 years ago . 
  source is art . 
  yet for some reason , despite us having no constitution , we have constitutional bodies . 
  same reason with the death penalty in the hessian constitution . 
  for it to be removed , it would require a plebiscite . 
  something our politicians avoid like a plague . 
  good !, 
  we do it as we always did . 
  team south tends to immigrants coming from the south , while we from team north take care of immigrants from the north . 
  it worked perfectly so far , and i do n't see any reason at all to disturb the team synergy we build over the years with some bullshit quotas . 
  edit : / s in case you did n't noticed . 
  who shall come from the north ? 
  norwegians ? 
  icelanders ? 
  canadians ? 
  on the other hand , it speaks a lot of european solidarity , leaving italy , greece and the other southern states alone dealing with them . 
  the florian principle fully applied .
