  i am kinda surprised , since every bnd activity is supervised by the nsa . 
  we are talking about a secret service , who puts two palms in front of their hq , which rather look like [ badly disguised antennas ] ( http://www.tagesspiegel.de/images/heprodimagesfotos83120140401dpa-2013-palme-jpg/9695268/4-format43.jpg ) . 
  they claim it is `` art '' . 
  they overestimate their numbers and forget about those folks living in those villages who are stuck in the last century and have no internet access at all . 
  villages are always conservatives at default , no matter where . 
  turkey happens to have a lot of them . 
  i believe you . 
  i was in groningen recently . 
  a glanced at the side alleys and the entire wall of the buildings is downright wallpapered with parked bicycles . 
  wish i had a cam . 
   if you invest you know you 're taking a risk . 
  unfortunately this is not clear to everybody . 
  they invest , they want to auto-win . 
  if they lose , they seek someone else to blame it on . 
  of course they do , because then a lot of games suddenly land on the index and everything gets censored again , like no blood or other red stuff , robot enemies and so on . 
  usually everything gets talked to death ( even with copy paste arguments from the last post-rampage discussion ) and the video gamers are the ones who end up being punished . 
  when someone goes on a rampage , we rather talk about video game policies than gun policies . 
  by this definition putin is not a dictator . 
  putin and the oligarchs did had a pact . 
  the oligarchs do n't meddle in politics , and he allows them to make money . 
  he has zero economical power . 
  he sold it for political power . 
  that 's why there will never be modernisation in russia . 
  it 's outside his jurisdiction and the oligarchs would rather buy another english football club than investing any money into longterm goals . 
  all aboard the [ belaruse ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h1pxst2w62q ) cruise, 
  do you pay polish taxes ? 
  wow , thanks for mentioning it !, 
  greece is part of the eu . 
  reminder that greece , italy , malta and spain offered many complains about how they can no longer stem the immigrants . 
  we used to ignore it , and laugh at their silly suggestions , but this is no longer possible . 
  they have a fallout with the kurds right now . 
  not everywhere but that does n't make the country any safer . 
  they have n't been dropped so far . 
  let 's keep it real . 
  you can use cheat codes for nukes though . 
  civil war goes on for 4 years , should at least be enough for 4 hours of gameplay . 
  de_syriandust rebels want to blow stuff up , government troops want to prevent it . 
  but wait !, 
  part of the rebels are splitting up . 
  and now the rebels are fighting each other . 
  but both want to blow the same stuff up , so the gig is still up ( good things there are two points ) . 
  meanwhile kurd faction get involved . 
  they do n't want to blow things up , but they do n't care if it happens , they just hate daesh . 
  now there are two maps in the same lobby , because daesh opened up a second map , de_iraqdust . 
  and the kurds are still involved . 
  then turkey gets involved , because the kurds also do n't like the al-nusra part of the rebels , but turkey supports a faction that is allied with al-nusra . 
  this causes internal friction and a third map is played in the same lobby , de_turkeydust . 
  and now the west and the gulf states are sending air support to various rebel groups against daesh , but they do n't dare to attack the syrian government faction because , russia faction is there wagging with the finger . 
  and so on . 
  which one ? 
  ca n't wait for the syrian civil war rts/shooter videogame with over 9000 factions , each with unique diplomatic stettings . 
  that was not the point . 
  as someone who was raised below the poverty line let 's say , there are things others could afford , that you could not . 
  when they went bowling , for example and you could not afford the price , or when they had computers , playing counter-strike ( everyone did it back then ) and you could not . 
  this made you an outcast in a way . 
  if our government had balls , they would inquire more about the nsa affair . 
  them being ballless is intentional but in this case it 's a double-edged sword and now it bites back to them . 
  i heard st. pauli was very attractive . 
  though the person who moved there came from hannover . 
  articles are the same . 
  the jeers are the same . 
  at this point it just serves as a `` the sanctions are totally working '' reminder . 
  and we can expect a similar article next year . 
  i swear i read something similar last year . 
  in denmark `` venstre '' is a right-wing party . 
  the translation of it means `` left '' . 
  shows you how much to the right everyone shifted . 
  seeing this i feel the urge to say `` moin moin '', 
  [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saeculum_obscurum ) may be one of the reason for why celibacy exists . 
  not faith , but makeshift politics that became a tradition . 
  seriously ? 
  so the burning of the union house in odessa does n't count ? 
  or the destruction of evidence after the sniping incident in kiev ? 
  the taliban were once part of the us-backed mujaheedin groups . 
  after the mujaheeds fell apart , there was a lot of shuffle , of which the taliban came out strong . 
  still they did n't had full control of afghanistan , but they were the largest group . 
  but maybe it 's the fact that the other warlords , expect dostum , were also no-fun-allowed islamists ( literally , art and music was banned ) so it was easy to put them all in one bag . 
  you are always concerned , we got used to it . 
  it 's the same with the first unification . 
  it was n't a unification , it was actually prussia annexing other german countries expect austria and bohemia , and rename itself to `` german empire '' . 
  the thing is , fsa are a minority in the opposition force now . 
  you help them gain power , they lose control of territories held by other opposition groups , who are all islamists and then we have it again like in libya and afghanistan . 
  full warlordism . 
  referring to the fsa as the opposition is uninformed at best , deceptive at worst . 
  grilled elk with lingonberrysauce, 
  [ stoiber 's zehn minuten ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7tbowvveru ) does n't make any sense even in german . 
   nordic food when i think about nordic food , i think of lingonberries . 
  the german `` unification '' was basically prussia annexing other german states and rename itself to german empire . 
  and what is your near east ? 
  guess we can at least agree where the far east is . 
  so their main control is along the euphrates river . 
  do n't they support al-nusra too ? 
  we call it the near east . 
  guess we go by american definition now . 
  zenmate is your friend, 
  at least it 's not post-modern art . 
  thanks to catsiqueespot indecisiveness , everyone is a winner now . 
  just do a plebiscite and spare us the headaches , please !, 
  if we want to end islamism , saudi arabia needs to go . 
  we need to stop giving them money .
