the thing is , people want to stay in power , and be it in a changing tandem between conservatives and social-democrats ( or liberals in some countries ) . 
  the situation in germany is n't much different than it was with greece with nd ( epp ) and pasok ( s&d ) one word that is strongly associated with merkel is `` alternativlos '' ( without any alternative ) which is strange considering the fact , that in a democracy , there should always be an alternative . 
  and now those radical leftists present themselves as the alternative , which should not exist out of principle . 
  considering the fact , that the german left party managed for the first time to lead a government in a federal state despite a strong smear campaign against it , which is not afraid of ad-hominem attacks and it not working out , makes some prominent figures here quite nervous . 
  what for example ? 
  spains conservatives have to face elections this autumn . 
  podemos might actually win those . 
  someone in german tv said it ( i forgot where , probably the news ) . 
  the only thing that is worse than greek 's failure is a successful leftist government . 
   by nikolaus blome dropped, 
  instead it 's actually polish tank thieves this time . 
  `` barely stolen , already in polen '', 
  actually there is . 
  it lies on the caribbean island saint-martin/sint maarten, 
  we have a working tank battalion ? 
  it 's basically `` usa usa usa '' russian bootleg . 
  it 's just an economic union and it was founded as an economic union . 
  there is no cultural exchange , expect for the annual trash pop event called eurovision and some crossborder niche channels like arte or 3sat . 
  if it means i can buy dutch stuff , without driving to groningen and back for 8 hours , sure . 
  neutral means neutral . 
  that assumes , they are ok with both . 
  but the point remains : it needs a proper plebiscite with clearly defined answers . 
  at least cameron went to scotland with puppy-dog-eyes and pleas . 
  meanwhile rajoy 's strategy is confrontation and quick-fixing the laws to his favours . 
  c 's is part of alde . 
  if i compare them with our alde member , i assume they are pro-business , pro-market populists . 
  i always wanted to visit krak des chevaliers, 
  there is still efta , although political pressure may happen to prevent catalonia from joining them . 
  bullets and bombs are made of iron . 
  maybe he meant that ? 
  not really , they are pretty spread out in the european part . 
  what ? 
  yes , both cases involve a colonial power and separatism . 
  completely different circumstances . 
  i mean if you supported the kurds and gave them rojava , your approach would work . 
  but you talk about regime change here . 
  the french did n't attacked london , when they helped the americans . 
  and the europeans did n't tried to replace the ottoman sultan with a bavarian king . 
  me neither , but i was not talking about yeltsin 's popularity among russians ( who cares , lol ) . 
  i was talking about his popularity among western leaders . 
  no , but this is the only way you can get what you want , unless i oversaw a detail in your masterplan . 
   if we wanted to put in power the moderates and young intellectuals we could do it tomorrow . 
  so you want to replace a dictatorship with another dictatorship ? 
  how will you ensure that people vote for them ? 
   that 's been dropping barrel bombs on its own hospitals and schools . 
  i hear this a lot but if i ask for proofs , i only get opposition sources . 
  sounds a lot like `` saddam has wmds , trust us '' . 
  if germany did n't had those stupid anti-videogame laws , we would have been in a similar situation . 
  nah , officially it was soviet mismanagement . 
  three years ? 
  you are very optimistic . 
  as far as i am aware , most canadians live along the us border and east coast . 
  russia was popular , when yeltsin was in charge . 
  he seemed constantly drunk and always brought a smile to other participants with his antics during international meetings . 
  lem me tell ya bout dem blasted doggers !!, 
  well , for a refugee , quotas are basically a lottery . 
  but even if they do travel to other countries , they will still receive benefits from that one country , they are registered with . 
  as it turns out , all this humiliation was for naught and not only that , due to this , we may even get an economic backlash out of it . 
  again , g fucking g vw !, 
   then they can have all the fun to deal with migrants alone . 
  you mean like they did before , when it was a purely greek/italian/spanish / maltese problem and everyone laughed at the idea of quotas ? 
  from a time before the syrian migration began . 
  so basically you are threatening with keeping the things as they are and always were . 
  very scary . 
  will they become the new bremen ? 
  volkswagen , the car . 
  spaceballs , the movie . 
  oh , did n't knew about their marketing . 
  in that case , gg vw . 
   fully anchored in the values of the republic and secularism not sure about secularism , but is n't morocco a monarchy ? 
  it 's like apple is caught cheating and now we mistrust every american brand . 
  it ' quite impossible , since they are so many and basically everywhere , but imagine if we did . 
  just 8 % ? 
  is n't he hated on by every major outlet ? 
  most names are coined from a time , when the names were not old at all . 
  add dialect to it and you get a ton variety . 
  the outlets promised us a head-to-head race, 
  hungary is now . 
  i was talking about times back then , before the situation escalated . 
  when a lot of people drowned in the mediterranean sea . 
  the first advice i got from a co-worker , when i had a trip to london was `` look up indian or chinese '' . 
  it 's not the size , it 's just that our media did n't reported about you that much . 
  the focus was really on the spanish exclaves in morocco and lampedusa , italy . 
  and for the union , it let me down a long time ago . 
  now it 's just another disappointment adding up the pile of disappointments . 
  i really wish the eu to succeed , but it will be impossible with current people in charge . 
  of course , my bad !, 
  though , i assume , the tide of immigrants trying to come via boats did n't stopped , it just went out of focus . 
  it 's also a meme . 
  were n't they the target of the fourth crusade ? 
  i am sure , if i painted a ukrainian flag at the nearest bus-station for everyone to see , i 'd also be charged for vandalism . 
  some are missing the times , where immigrants were a purely italian/greek/spanish / maltese problem . 
  and where everyone else laughed at them , when they demanded support . 
  is that supposed to be ritualistic , where you can connect the assaults and get an illuminati-like symbol or message , or why do they pick the same target again ? 
  reminds me of \u017di\u017eek 's `` there is no norway even in norway '', 
  seems like hungary is getting at the core of the problem . 
   not knowing about the invisible finnish empire of [ 731 ad ] ( https://i.imgur.com/2jcy9.jpg?1 ), 
  it had even a little lift , which brought him food to his table ( if i remember correctly ) . 
  having a king is like playing lottery and hoping you wo n't get a caligula . 
  at least with presidents you can put half the blame on the gullible people who got him into power .
