  you do not understand why eu exists . 
  hint : it has nothing to do with helping poor to get richer . 
   no , i am thinking of estonias leap in the past ten 15 years . 
  we have 40 000 children starving in estonia . 
  literally starving . 
  surviving only on eu food help , because our own social security is laughable . 
  it does not exist . 
   they have made a far , far bigger leap than any of these countries , and are now giving greece money . 
  we give greece money because politics want to . 
  it is extremely unpopular move considering we have average pension around 400 $ and our prices are enormous compared to central europe . 
  yes , our prices are enormous compared to `` developing , poor and low employment cost '' country like germany for example . 
  it makes me sick . 
  we are basically cow , whoever wants comes and milks us . 
  same time our adults are moving out , our children are dropping out of schools and starving . 
  not fun . 
   that is by smart investing , not by building bloody roads . 
  we have our share of money-wasting in building of bloody roads . 
  especially ones that lead to nowhere . 
  we did not earn money by smart investing . 
  we earned money because it was safe and easy investment for swedish pension funds . 
  who basically overheated our economy and made our real estate way overpriced . 
  now after huge crash it is still overpriced compared to other countries . 
  estonia will never be net contributor to eu . 
  we will never catch up . 
  why ? 
  because we will never catch up with added value products . 
  our part in bigger picture will always be `` lowering costs '' for you . 
  if you think i do n't know what i speak about . 
  i do . 
  i have worked 15 years in near-shore companies and i have seen it all . 
  for example i have seen how swedish company opens office in tallinn and it shows net loss year after year for 10 years . 
  they happily pay that net loss year after year . 
  can you figure out why ? 
  ok , i just take 20 points from estonia with that question but , wtf is that ????? 
  i do n't understand denmark . 
  i have spent lot of time ( months ) in denmark , sweden , finland , germany , poland , czech . 
  i live in estonia . 
  i did not notice that danish people smoke a lot compared to others . 
  on contrary , they seemed to smoke much less . 
  swedes smoke least , but i think it 's because of snus . 
  in estonia , this is only thing we call bread . 
  that other ( white ) thing , has different name . 
  we can trade . 
  you send us real mountain . 
  i visited germany this year . 
  biggest shock was that there was no more free wifi in mcdonalds . 
  when i visited earlier and everything else failed , this was option . 
  not anymore . 
  it 's ok , i do it too . 
  . lv `` lisa varvas '' in estonian means extra toe . 
  still you should not compare us with some who has not done the `` grow up '' part yet . 
  we grew up . 
  well maybe not all of us . 
  no point . 
  do your own research . 
  there is no point to argue with you about it . 
  you will never understand . 
  i 'm just wasting my energy . 
   confused shell of a person in 1941 i just have a hunch that stalin is not that kind of a man . 
  ... and i think that if i give him everything i possibly can and ask for nothing from him in return , noblesse oblige , he wo n't try to annex anything and will work with me for a world of democracy and peace . 
  [ 2 ] -- franklin d. roosevelt , 1943 he was sick , delusional person who belonged in bed and was not capable of his work . 
   do you think without the lend-lease program that eastern europe would have been better off ? 
  yes , all i ask is that http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atlantic_charter is followed . 
  please stop , you will never understand . 
  for you hitler was great evil . 
  yes he was . 
  compared to lenin/stalin , he was nothing . 
   fdr was just a man . 
  he was very ill man who should have been retired on time . 
  stalin just used him and he never understood . 
  churchill understood . 
   do you believe that fdr and the greater united states wanted to see what joseph stalin brought against the eastern european peoples ? 
  i do n't think he knew or cared . 
  with power comes responsibility, 
  churchill , yes . 
  at least he understood his mistake later . 
  fdr was way too ill to understand what he is doing . 
  others , they were not important there . 
  they should not have given stalin support that 's it . 
  you ca n't kill one mass-murderer with other mass-murderer and think that victims will stay silent forever . 
  why are some deaths more important then others ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yalta_conference no need http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lend_lease#us_deliveries_to_ussr no need, 
  not estonia , eastern europe is much bigger then estonia . 
  fdr was sick and delusional man who supported mass murderer who did genocide on unprecedented level . 
  there is nothing to discuss . 
  he sold whole eastern europe to russians for slavery and murder . 
  there is nothing of course what we can do about it as we do not punish innocent people , but i 'm sure that when there is judgement day fdr will sit just on stalin 's right hand to be judged . 
  right like he was during lifetime . 
  sometimes dance with devil is too high cost , especially when others have to pay it . 
  do not expect gratitude out of it at least . 
  i just have a hunch that stalin is not that kind of a man . 
  ... and i think that if i give him everything i possibly can and ask for nothing from him in return , noblesse oblige , he wo n't try to annex anything and will work with me for a world of democracy and peace . 
  [ 2 ] -- franklin d. roosevelt , 1943, 
   he was a very good president maybe for americans . 
  we will never forgive him selling us to slavery . 
  i agree with you . 
  oh really ? 
  its not what you see . 
  it 's fact that there are countries where nazi symbols are banned . 
  it 's about time to get some countries where soviet symbols are banned .
