  loud scum is just more visible but they are rarely majority . 
  you may be correct here . 
  russian standards are pretty low , so maybe they do get good money for russia . 
  if i remember correctly it was around 400 euros per month and this is low even for estonia . 
  then we will see . 
  hopefully with some official proof and official action . 
  this topic here is useless as it does not contain any proof . 
  actually pay is really bad . 
  even for estonian standard . 
  of course requirements are also low . 
  repatriate those businesses to us . 
  we badly need competition and investments . 
  what volume ? 
  lot of the linked tweets were from one moron . 
  there are such idiots in every country and they are usually the loud ones . 
  i hope they stream it . 
  would pay to watch this drama . 
  also , you are not out yet , so no silly georestriction bs . 
  yes , sexually speaking . 
  yes , i think its true . 
  it is most sensitive . 
  i do n't really understand your question . 
  medical reasons . 
  otherwise i would never agree . 
  yes , maybe it feels like that for me because i was 40 when it was done . 
  but difference is enormous . 
  time flows quickly , sometimes i find it unbelievable that its already 25 years . 
  little bit lower infection rate is bad excuse considering how much you lose . 
  they do . 
  sensitivity is gone . 
  half the experience and enjoyment is gone . 
  as someone who had it done because of medical reasons at age of 40 when i already had 3 children , i have experience from both sides of the fence . 
  all i can tell them is fu barbarians . 
  let them grow up and decide for themselves . 
  so they at least know what they are missing . 
  other east eu countries are not there , but i 'm sure we are similar to poland in that . 
  we are pro nato , but we see current leadership as weak . 
  just take some beers . 
  it may go even crazier  . 
  of course you need some friends too . 
  solo-drinking does not help . 
  we are called eesti , so we have no idea what is the connection here . 
  we are so sorry . 
  brb closing down our airline because of you . 
  very easy . 
  we have high % of immigrants already . 
  over 20 % . 
  yes please , we are very afraid of height . 
  that 's why we do n't need big planes . 
  nobody flies . 
  how high is what ? 
  money . 
  how much money you got when you sold your sense of humor ? 
  how much you got ? 
  it 's local news outlet in russian language . 
  people can freely comment there . 
  just google it , there is also latvian and lithuanian versions . 
  no , not really . 
  i also do n't think that most russians think what is written in rus.delfi . 
  yes , it 's that bad . 
  i 'm sure this is very loud , but still very small minority who just spams those comments . 
  i know many local russians and they are not as extreme . 
  we have our differences , but its not even close to extremities you would see on delfi . 
  yes , estonian comment sections is very heavily moderated . 
  outright racism and call for genocide is usually very short-living there . 
  if they cared they could just go to rus.delfi and get all the info they need without any language barrier . 
  especially comment section gives great view what local russians think about us . 
  we are so tiny . 
  bigger planes just have no room to land . 
  it 's about us nato leadership . 
  or do i understand it wrong ? 
  actually it is bad question . 
  it can be interpreted so differently . 
  that also probably affect outcome as when translated it gets bit different meaning in different languages . 
  actually i was thinking more about eastern vs western estonia . 
  you would get wildly different results depending where you ask your question . 
  you interpret it wrong . 
  question is not about anti or pro american . 
  question is about leadership . 
  answer is about how those countries see obamas leadership . 
  people here are very pro-nato . 
  question is not about pro or against nato . 
  question is about what they think about us leadership . 
  obama leadership is seen as weak here . 
  it probably depends where they did ask their question . 
  nato expansion to estonia was decided by estonia . 
  what it has to do with anything ??? 
  why you use whataboutism here ? 
  are you russian or something ? 
  its their favorite tactics and it never worked , even back when i was living in soviet union and got enormous amount of daily propaganda . 
  i was answering to you since you wrote : i wil have to rad more about this , i did not know this . 
  and i provided you with something to read about it . 
   russia is n't interested in expansion . 
  they really show that in weird way . 
  cant you see the link i added ? 
  its exactly about how they shelled their own village . 
  i just provided you with first step . 
  defending yourself against historical enemy is not an aggressive act . 
  what other options could we seek here except nato ? 
  we actually do produce quite a lot of energy ourself .
