  kind of . 
  . lv = lisa varvas = extra toe some people of course say that they do have 5 toes , 3 in front and 2 in back . 
  we do , we just had no idea that those are romanian gypsies . 
  we call them latvian gypsies . 
  estonia was neutral too . 
  stalin did n't care . 
  neither did hitler of course . 
  damn , then you have nothing . 
  so big country with no north , is just plain weird . 
  what about cherilyn sarkisian , considering that she was quite popular during the 60 's and probably even later . 
  or she never actually told anybody that she is armenian ? 
  thanks for answer . 
  til . 
  someone seems to keep him in power . 
  who is it ? 
  in every country ... . 
  i do n't really get that part . 
  is it historical reason or something ? 
  usually lefty parties tend to be more pro-eu and right wing more anti-eu . 
  why is it different ? 
  in here they went obsolete when they decided to not work about nature preservation , but decided that good way to go is to sell indulgences to pollute . 
  yes you do . 
  very beautiful woman . 
  of course competition is very strong around there . 
  what do you mean by seto part ? 
  how are they more indigious compared to v\u00f5ros or virus ? 
  i never formally learned english . 
  all i have is from internet and movies . 
  so i use pidgin mix of english and make 20 grammar mistakes per sentence . 
  my spoken english also sounds really weird mix . 
  i drive native speakers crazy . 
  geographical center of europe is in lithuania . 
  actually you should be aware that geographical center of europe is in lithuania . 
  last thousand years of history, 
  new hre as republic sounds wrong . 
  you need emperor . 
  i guess i 'm too old . 
  never used it or heard anybody using it . 
  hui is not dick in estonian , \u0445\u0443\u0439 is dick in russian . 
  i 'm personally against gmo because it would help big multinationals to monopolize seed production . 
  this is unacceptable for me . 
  all gmo must be open source and there should be no seed monopolization . 
   poland is the richest country in eastern europe no matter how you define eastern or central europe , it does not make any sense . 
  was it animal crossing ? 
  i love good drama . 
  i think they should call it rfkaf ( republic formerly known as fyrom ) or else just go for western-bulgaria, 
  yes i did . 
  also i did read it to all my children . 
  it 's also part of `` mandatory reading list '' in school . 
  \u0160koda rapid , superb and octavia volkswagen transporter & caravelle, 
  do you understand that usa is second biggest polluter in the world ? 
  if they continue doing it we are all in really bad situation . 
  yes of course . 
  they are probably in real danger . 
  i 'm not american so i did not know that us president has no power . 
  i have no idea what to do , it 's still disgusting that you have not ratified it for 20 years . 
  i 'm not american i find this 8 year failure disgusting . 
  obama is correct answer . 
  he had 8 years to ratify https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kyoto_protocol he did not . 
  it has not been ratified for almost 20 years . 
  and then they give claptrap like they are different from those filthy republicans . 
  if we speak about green policy they are same . 
  it has no connection for me at all . 
  why are you outraged about things that one idiot does when this has been your country policy for 20 years already ? 
  probably both, 
  i do n't really care . 
  i mean finns call us viro and latvians igaunija . 
  we ca n't ban it . 
  estland is my personal favorite . 
  never used, 
  dont worry , it was sarcasm . 
  nobody would except you to get it right . 
  it always triggers me when you cant get it right away kuulilennuteetunneliluuk kuuuurija, 
  yes i do recognize your booterbrods . 
  very similar to ours  . 
  first one looks like the one i ate today morning . 
  index is terrible and worse , it 's flat out racist and should be removed . 
  so do we . 
  both of you . 
  prague - i like beer and probably can easily get job there london - big multicultural city and i can probably get job there tallinn - let 's face it , i will never leave, 
  what part exactly ? 
  cold ? 
  wet ? 
  windy ? 
  i do n't eat ketchup . 
  thats not ketchup you barbarian . 
   that 's wildly false . 
  that 's wildly correct . 
  i think you mix up locally made things and things made by big multinationals . 
  there is also chance that you just do n't consume that junk . 
  i can assure you we do have it . 
  for example they started it with cigarettes during 90 's when i had to buy my cigarettes from western europe because marlboro sold in estonia was junk `` for eastern european taste '', 
   butter , flour and sheep cheese those are probably produced locally and thats why it has high quality . 
  this fuzz is about big multinational companies selling exactly same brand in every country but eastern european version is garbage because we want to consume that garbage and also pay more for it . 
  i think best word to describe me is agnostic, 
  yes , israel was only country who were not afraid to sell us smallarms 1993 . 
  ok , then i understand . 
  i still have some time to go to that age and i already see signs of forgetting . 
  just in case someone else does not know . 
  soviet union was never communist .
