  and return for your investments of course . 
  i would say that he gets high media coverage compared to usual clowns . 
  there are things you ca n't measure in money . 
  sometimes cost of your money is just way too high . 
  actually southern estonia was part of commonwealth for little while . 
  it seems like eu was not meant to be `` single market '' . 
  it seems to be `` maybe single market , if we want to '', 
  so could you please link me source about lithuanian `` flat out refusal '' ? 
  germany is closer . 
   instead it was flat out refusal to even take them ok lets say it is true . 
  how did those who now escaped then managed to get to lithuania in first place if they flat out refused to take them ? 
  because if i buy one year worth of goods i get free vacation . 
  literally , price difference compared to when i buy from estonia covers driving and hotel rooms . 
  everything in finland is expensive . 
  it 's dirt cheap in germany . 
   it 's no surprise in romania to go to an engineering university and have 30-40 % women . 
  this number will go down if you get richer . 
  when regular jobs pay good enough money women will be able to choose what they like instead of choosing best paying jobs . 
  it 's in rumenia . 
  for example here 40 down costs 26 euros month . 
  you sound exactly like swede when they first found out about mass deportations in soviet union . 
  `` but , why did n't you call the police ? '', 
  vote with your wallet ? 
  vote with your wallet ? 
  i do . 
  every year i drive through latvia , lithuania and poland and go do my shopping in germany . 
  or just order from germany . 
  only way to vote with my wallet . 
   haribo candy sold in lidl ( in finland ) had transfats in it while the same haribo sold in a store for the middle class people did n't . 
  lidl probably had ee version of haribo . 
  but it 's ok . finns buy lot of ee stuff from estonia anyway . 
  even if they know quality is crap . 
  well then there is option of disbanding eu . 
  you see even inside one country fiscal transfer is always case . 
  if we want one open market with freedom of movement , this is the cost we have to take . 
  ask usa , they have done it for long time and there is no end . 
  or just disband it . 
  do they have to pay rent from this money ? 
  yes , this is true . 
  and it will be true for as long as eu exists . 
  they get money directly from eu where germany is main donor state . 
  donor states may change ( even then i doubt that germany will ever get poor enough to escape being donor state , you are too well placed for that ) , but fact that fiscal transfer will continue forever is just fact . 
  alternative is that eu will break and then there will be fiscal transfer inside countries . 
  it 's just how it is . 
  this is the cost of single country ( or country-like union ), 
   plus , a fiscal union implies permanent fiscal transfers . 
  i really , really doubt there 's any appetite for that in the richer parts of europe . 
  even if they still do n't want to accept it . 
  this is how it will be . 
  forever . 
  i mean donor regions may change , but fiscal transfer from richer regions ( countries ) to poorer ones will be permanent . 
  and this is one of the reasons why rich countries will have to keep paying forever . 
  this is how it works in usa . 
  if you leech one part empty of brains and just use it as raw material and brain source you have to give something back or eu will just end . 
  our schools are not allowed to demand letter from doctor . 
  letter from parent is enough , but otherwise its same here . 
  ok , i understand now . 
  it 's pretty much like here then . 
  except here i can keep my child at home for bit longer . 
  so it 's same like here . 
  i wonder why they just did not do it quietly and generated all that fuzz from nothing . 
  i know it comes as a shock to you , but so do many other countries . 
  including estonia in 1787 . 
  we also have exceptions , but it seems our rules are much more lax . 
  i can pretty much decide myself and as long as its not permanent nobody really cares . 
  of course if child has trouble with learning and other problems , then it 's not as easy . 
  what happens if child is getting ill ? 
  for example here in estonia i can notify teacher and leave child home . 
  i do n't even really have to explain anything . 
  i just log to e-school and write notification with no reasons . 
  that 's weird rule . 
  i can always leave my children home , i must just notify teacher . 
  yes . 
  i should have explained better . 
  i still think that we got the name from tribe name , even if the tribe got it 's name from aust . 
  yes indeed . 
  but we also do n't have better explanation for the name . 
  it may ( or may not ) be wrong , but i think we will never know for sure . 
  i still find connection to be much more probable then connection with word east . 
  even * if * aestii name comes from proto-germanic aust ( east ) . 
  its irrelevant . 
  we may not be genetically descendants and still inherit name . 
  question is if our name comes from it and if it has any connection with english word east . 
  i thought we have consensus about name estonia coming from tribe name aestii . 
  i have no idea if aestii comes from east . 
  you do understand that there is quite high possibility that you will pay even after brexit ? 
  and with no say at all . 
  we have such examples right now . 
  are you sure you are not speaking about our previous president ? 
  it may be the reason . 
  i think that real reason is that we do n't really have any jokes or stereotypes about latvians . 
  6 toe is really only one i remember from soviet times . 
  we have a lot of those about russians , germans , finns , americans etc etc , but nothing about latvians . 
  so we probably just had to invent something to counter the slowness stereotype . 
  sorry for delay :(, 
  i have no idea . 
  it has always been ice-cream . 
  but i 'm old , maybe young people have invented something . 
  i really doubt that she was average . 
  looked well below .
