  a pariah . 
  you as country ( russia ) are irrelevant compared to what soviet union was . 
  you are regional power at best . 
  yes you can scare your neighbors , but that 's pretty much it . 
  think about it . 
  do you really think we want to isolate you ? 
  you know our economy is hurting a lot because all that crap that has been going . 
  problem is that you think that respect can be beaten out of , but truth is it must be earned . 
  you have done really little to earn it . 
  i 'm ok with sanctions even if it hurts us a lot . 
  we see no other way to send you message that it 's not ok to act like its 1939 and not 2016 . 
    it 's clear you do n't know much about russian opposition . 
  they destroy themselves by talking about how `` russia is a country of slaves '' that should hand over the sovereignty of all its institutions to europe . 
  this would be like having estonian opposition saying `` estonia is a country of subhuman slaves '' and `` should hand over control of government to russia '' . 
  and to then have russians lecturing you about destroying the opposition . 
  this is what it 's like dealing with you . 
  do you really think it 's that different here ? 
  we also have opposition talking bullshit constantly . 
  we even have government pandering bullshit constantly . 
  yes , if you want to take a peek go to rus.delfi.ee , its in russian . 
  you will see unbelievable shit . 
  difference is , we do n't kill people for that . 
  i have not told much about opposition anyway . 
  i do n't think that russia can fix something by switching government . 
  you need to rebuild that system . 
  i 'm sorry but i have no idea how to do it . 
  fact is , if you continue like that , you hurt yourself more then you hurt anybody else . 
  you are really sad person if you think that anyone wants anything from russia . 
  nobody really needs you . 
  nobody really respects you . 
  nobody even bothers to really hate you . 
  you are irrelevant . 
  all we want is to be away from you . 
  your own interests destroy your country and you blabber about foreign influences . 
  your biggest enemy is you yourself . 
  russians are such great people , so friendly , so nice as long as you do n't try to play government , somehow you always end up with shitty one . 
  i feel sad for you . 
  your land is so rich , people so deserve to live well , in peace and happiness . 
  they cant get it , all the money is spent to push back foreign influence who wants to steal from you and who only exist in your head and propaganda . 
  let 's say theoretically that estonia had chance to take away piece of nw russia and make greater-estonia . 
  why ? 
  why on earth would we ever want to do that ? 
  it would just mean that we would have to fix that shithole that exists . 
  sorry , but its your job . 
  grow up and act like adults , nobody wants your `` holy land '' . 
  yes , lot of journalists died before putin . 
  does not make systematic destruction of all the opposition any different . 
  you just have no right to lecture us about freedom of speech . 
  open your eyes , your house is burning . 
   antiputin this is what i said . 
  not name . 
  concept . 
  it could be antigovernment , but i find it more proper as putin is currently the government . 
  what has putin to do with anything ? 
  or are you one of those who think that stalin did all the killing ? 
  it 's not about person no matter how evil . 
  it 's about your system that keeps creating one creep after another . 
  if you do n't dismantle that sick system and start to live like normal people you will be stuck in this circle of hatred forever . 
  sure . 
  of course it 's just coincidence that journalists who express antiputin views get killed or beaten by chechen 's or some other criminals . 
  who is the brainwashed one ? 
  unwanted foreigners are deported from all countries , including european ones . 
  do you really need list of people shot in russia ? 
  you cant be that blind . 
  start with that : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_journalists_killed_in_russia just journalists . 
  he was not shot . 
  he was not russian . 
  he was not ours . 
  all your blabbering has no point . 
  we do not shoot people for being against us , we securely but firmly deport them . 
  not like you . 
  you just shoot or jail them . 
  our local russians have exactly the same rights i do . 
  they also have right to say things they want without being shot . 
  you are so naive and brainwashed if you think that using your `` freedom of speech '' gets you in deep trouble in russia . 
  you should know that . 
  killings that happen are hardly brainwashing . 
  freedom of speech is simple binary concept . 
  we do not care about your freedom of speech . 
  it 's irrelevant and unimportant for us . 
  you have no right to come to us and slander us . 
  you have reddit and delfi for this . 
  nobody has ever told that our freedom of speech means that you can be pos and say whatever you want . 
  so we are not hypocrites , we just do n't care about your opinion . 
  our freedom of speech means that i can say whatever i want in my country without being shot like they love to do in russia . 
  are you serious ? 
  how big those grow ? 
  yes it 's other way . 
  of course booze in denmark is not that expensive compared to sweden for example . 
  he is lucky that his issue was not put to democratic referendum . 
  i bet most people would have voted for beheading . 
  italians are masters of packing breakfast to go . 
  those 2l plastic bottles they use to empty all juice while 50 people are waiting in queue . 
  what they do n't pack they trash to the floor . 
  buffe does not mean eat as much as you can , it means eat all you can , pack everything possible to go ( yes including all drinks , empty those huge canisters with your 2l plastic bottles ) , what you ca n't carry away just trash to the floor . 
  and this happens in prague , city where even poor can eat out because it 's so cheap . 
  in the end they separated humans to separate breakfast so we could get some without fight . 
  wtf are you speaking about ? 
  germany is big and you do n't have to party in munich . 
  it 's affordable enough for pisspoor eastern european to go and party in berlin .
