  of course they are usually very small ( but loud ) minority . 
   some latvians consider the whole affair to be a non issue there is high chance that those people are `` latvians '' . 
  i see same in estonia . 
  anonymous internet commenters spit out pro-putin propaganda in high quantity and in real life i do n't even know one person who speaks like that . 
  not even russians i know are so blatantly proputin . 
   given of our reluctance to deploy or army for anything , that does not exactly come surprising . 
  i just do n't see eu project succeeding in long term if you keep up that stance . 
  it 's time to build up your army and be ready to use it . 
  we ( as eu ) , ca n't be dependent from us forever and germany is country who should up their army to at least french levels . 
   high murder rates come from antisocial families in rural areas , who murder their co-drinkers or cohabitants in drunken stupor . 
  read this again . 
  we have no-go zones . 
  just do n't go to asocial family apartment for drink and you are safe . 
  cool , til, 
  when he speaks about education he means other people . 
  well , it 's upside down . 
  ww1 was not war by your standard . 
  flu killed more during that period . 
  no you are not . 
  europeans come with preinstalled sarcasmometer . 
  yours is either missing or broken . 
  because you are 1/256th europeans of course . 
  prague has been cheaper then tallinn since at least 1990s . 
  way before euro . 
  its not only about price . 
  buk needs trained crew . 
  not your average recruit either . 
  you need someone with brains to actually use it . 
  tourism contributes great deal to estonian gdp . 
  we have lot of finns buying lot of goods , visiting every single day . 
  if we did not have them our gdp would be around our neighbors level . 
   as i said before , there is something wrong with your head - you taking wrong sides in literally everything . 
   its just your opinion . 
  new trollaccount with no history . 
  use your main account for insults . 
     the fact that you are on one side with ex ss and against freedom of speech . . a un endorsed human right tells a lot about you . 
   you have no idea what is freedom of speech . 
  what he did was not freedom of speech . 
    1 ) he is not a foreigner ... he is eu citizen . 
  you have no idea about eu citizenship are n't you ? 
  i have my doubts now that you are from eu ... 
  it more likely that you are from ukraine , some nazi 's gang that are operating there . 
   he is foreigner . 
  not only foreigner , he is well-known fsb troublemaker . 
  there is no such thing like eu citizenship . 
  every country in eu has their own citizenship . 
   your lack of basic knowledge about eu and strong affiliation with hitler 's sympathizers are indicative . 
  2 ) i am not a servant to you . 
  do a favour to yourself -- get some education . 
  you 've got internet to post your pro fascist 's views here ( by the way qualified as a hate speech in eu ) , so you surely can find eu legislation . 
  it is in public domain . 
  what he did is considered crime in every eu country . 
  initiating riots is punishable everywhere . 
  you are so wrong about it its not even funny . 
  there is no such thing like absolute freedom of speech . 
  every country punishes foreigners who cause trouble with hate speech . 
  civilized countries just deport and ban them . 
  uncivilized countries jail and kill them , but all of them do it . 
  please link me to one case where eu or un enforced freedom of speech or at least some document where they `` guarantee '' it . 
  otherwise they guarantee nothing . 
   foreign interests are to weaken russia , reduce russian influence , and have easy access to russian natural resources . 
  nothing was ever said about `` creating greater-estonia '' or the like . 
  you created argument that russians fear territorial invasion , and then proceeded to talk about it like it was fact . 
  but you only created it in your head to begin with . 
  and that is reason why russia ca n't get anywhere . 
  you never think about how to make life of your people better . 
  you are only paranoid about some weird concepts like influence and natural resources . 
  your fear for territorial invasion is constantly in your propaganda . 
  i 'm old and i still speak/understand decent russian , it 's better then my english anyway . 
  do you even watch russian tv ? 
  it 's not like russia is only one with natural resources and it 's not like you have to be afraid of `` western '' influences stealing it . 
  open your eyes . 
  your natural resources are stolen and wasted by people from inside . 
  are you really that blind ? 
    well yes , and this is the problem , is n't it ? 
  as long as these countries ignore russian interests , there will be problems . 
   really man . 
  do n't you see that you are not respected because of actions of your leaders . 
  because every time some tiny neighboring micro-state attacks you , result is that russia is bigger and you still scream about how everyone is out there to get you . 
  it gets old . 
  there is nobody out here who want to get you . 
  your natural resources are easy to get . 
  you gladly export all those and use that money to make some oligarhs richer , while russian people get just small percentage of that richness . 
  it 's sick , nobody deserves such thing . 
    do n't delude yourself , this is a favorite past time of many , especially your people . 
  it 's literally your whole post . 
   but you are wrong here . 
  see i like russian people . 
  they are kind and nice people . 
  i have problem with your government who does not respect others and is delusional in their thinking that we want to `` steal '' your resources . 
  i know many russians , i have been learning in moscow for year . 
  i spent most of my life as citizen of soviet union . 
  i really know what i write about . 
  when soviet union collapsed , we went forward , but you still ca n't get rid of it in your mind . 
  you literally live in richest land in the world and you use it so badly it makes me cry . 
  of course it 's none of my business , but in my experience lot of russians are not that happy about it either . 
    ever since the ukraine crisis began , certain elements of the western order tried convincing themselves that it was so , but it 's very clear from events since then , especially syria , that russia can not be isolated , and the west must cooperate and engage them . 
  i mean , it 's very clear russia is irrelevant . 
  it 's why kerry is visiting moscow in the next few days - again . 
  right ?
