  but basically , you put 1 euro in and if estonia votes no for federalization you get back 10 euros . 
  i want very strict green laws that also affect big companies . 
  not pseudo-commitments that are dead on arrival because nobody even plans to follow those . 
  yes , it would hit germany as it 's industrial powerhouse . 
  it would also hit others . 
  but , it has to be done . 
  we ca n't close our eyes , sell indulgences to pollute and imagine that we are doing something to protect nature . 
  we are not . 
  we are polluting way too much . 
  especially big companies . 
  so what we will do with countries who get unfair advantage because of multi-speed ? 
  why ? 
  other people get asked to move to other places . 
  even if their ancestors lived there for hundreds of years . 
  also , nobody sends them out or even asks them to leave . 
  that % was true 1991 with 100k + russian troops . 
  troops left 1994 and some civilians also left with them . 
  we went from 1.5 m to 1.3 m right now 22 % is correct number . 
  then we have to throw denmark out  - danxit ? 
  maybe it was over the board sarcasm ? 
  something like happened during soviet times . 
  it 's about time they joined eu then . 
  im not so sure it 's deserved considering latest news from anu saagim . 
  i took it from the autobussijaam city bus stop ( 23 etc ) to the entrance of the cemetery and i followed the road . 
  but , i was not very precise . 
  i did it again and got 989m . 
  try for yourself http://kaart.tallinn.ee/tallinn/show?request=main&amp;width=1280&amp;height=647, 
  i measured it on the map and got 940m . 
  of course it 's not percise . 
  we are such small country . 
  you really ca n't hide your identity here . 
  he actually has his own page in our wiki with his real name . 
  he was also fired from his job because of that . 
  well that monument was originally made from pieces . 
  i have no idea if it is possible to see lines in picture , but you can see those in rl if you look close enough . 
  that picture was total bs of course . 
  ok , yes thats correct . 
  actually most of them do have estonian citizenship . 
   from russian speaking estonians , who make up about 40 % of the population . 
  could you please translate this sentence . 
  my english is too weak , i do n't understand this . 
  you mean that 40 % of the estonians speak russian ? 
  it 's possible . 
  or you mean that 40 % of the people living in estonia are russians ( russian speakers ) . 
  then you are wrong . 
  it 's around 22 % . 
   the soviets were harsh occupiers but they were n't genocidal . 
  they were  does n't excuse the apologist/revisionist history surrounding wwii . 
  with such bold accusations , i 'm sure you are capable of giving me one example . 
  or maybe even five ? 
  if they fought for german army they had to be baltic-germans . 
  estonians could not join heer , only waffen-ss . 
  we had around 100k man back then . 
  proportions were 1/3 to red army and 2/3 to waffen-ss . 
   has almost no public transport access , the preferable way is to walk about 3 km . 
  you do n't live in tallinn right ? 
  it 's actually bus nr 16 that gets right next to it and `` almoust no public transport '' means that : https://soiduplaan.tallinn.ee/#bus/16/a-b 4-5 times every hour during workdays , `` almoust no public transport '' indeed . 
   the preferable way is to walk about 3 km of course you can walk about 3km and get there . 
  you may also walk 30 or 300km and get there . 
  but for example our main bus station is around one km away from it . 
  tallinn is not that big and 3km is long way around here . 
  there is less then 3km walk to old town . 
  if i understood correctly their price is already higher then yours and i know they also rise it . 
  i blame finns , they drive price up and now our government is following . 
   how many people who make those jokes are actually aware of regular latvian diet ? 
  this was your question . 
   why on earth do you think it has anything to do with your diet ? 
  so i asked you why you think that this joke is about diet . 
  because in my opinion it is not . 
  i did n't complain . 
  i explained you that this joke is not about your food selection . 
  do you really think that someone is stupid enough to think that whole latvia can be fed with one potato ? 
  no it is not . 
  current topic i answered to was about joke . 
  somehow you think that all that potato joke is about diet . 
  it 's not . 
  i 'm sorry , but every helicopter can fly across water . 
  could you give me some link or something ? 
   what does germany need a bigger military for ? 
  to keep the empire together , it 's already falling apart . 
   what wars do you want to fight with this hypothetical larger army ? 
  hopefully none . 
   countries within the nato that get protected by those . 
  lately it 's going to shitter . 
  trump 's close associates call estonia st. petersburg 's suburb . 
  french presidential candidates are actively in putin 's pocket and calling everything they occupy historical russian territory . 
  i knew that lepen was crazy and got money from putin , but wtf bit that fillon i have no idea . 
  so , if you want to keep that thing together , you need to think something up . 
  you have enough industry , it 's not too late yet . 
  just start spitting out some leopards . 
  5k-10k should be ok . 
  yours too ? 
  well , at least you can go to poland . 
  wtf will we do . 
  western finns are also genetically closer to estonians than eastern finns . 
  why on earth do you think it has anything to do with your diet ? 
  i do n't consider lepen right wing . 
  i consider her crazy wing . 
  exactly, 
  well , you know .
