  edit : here is sample : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/28pkw7/putin_orders_central_russia_forces_on_full_combat/cid8p67, 
  actually it has been only one portugese person who told me that life in soviet union was very good . 
  it does not matter . 
  it 's my own personal anecdotal evidence . 
  you see i was born in ussr . 
  i actually lived in ussr . 
  i actually still remember what life was in ussr during 70s-80s . 
  it kind of pisses me off when someone comes and starts explaining to me how good our life was or what was what . 
  somehow those explainers are surprisingly often from iberia . 
   you 'd know that soviet intervention , while moderately helpful , was also incredibly self-interested and totalitarian in nature , and did its fair share to fuck over spaniards under the guise of help . 
  i do n't know much about it , but i think i remember that they actually stole all your gold for that help . 
  maybe i remember wrong . 
  spanish civil war was not very popular subject in su school . 
  we mostly got low propaganda and as estonians we were pretty much immunized against it . 
  comes with mothers milk here . 
  you cant argue with rabid communists . 
  why they still defend present day russia is beyond my brainpower . 
  it 's not like its still socialist . 
  it 's not like soviet union was socialist . 
  it 's just their pipedream . 
  not all of you . 
  not automatically . 
  but usually when someone tells me how good life was under su , they come from either spain or portugal . 
  i have no idea why . 
   wtf is up with spain ? 
  spain is well known commie sympathizer . 
  i think it comes from their history . 
  i had countless spanish people explaining to me how good my life was under soviet union . 
  good luck with those vatican euros, 
  they have estonian branch , i would never doubt that bulgarian branch also exists . 
  go read it again . 
  it 's not about what you or i think about . 
  its about international law . 
  law that russians just spit on . 
  i would help you . 
  but , i 'm sure we will go down first ( or second , right after latvia ) . 
  i forgave you . 
  even my grandfather forgave you . 
  i guess you are ok now . 
  we make vodka out of potato . 
  vodka  petrol . 
  fourth geneva convention , article 49 go read it , then think what did you write wrong, 
  where did they ban speaking russian ? 
  you do n't get it . 
  it 's ok . 
  i do n't think any westerner would understand it . 
  you wont believe it before you go through it yourself . 
   it 's my own opinion that the baltic states are acting like that little kid in school who becomes a bully himself becasue he has a big brother and it 's really not constructive behavior , if anything i think they should learn from finland and act a bit more diplomatic . 
  in my opinion ireland should be part of england ( yes i know difference between england and uk ) and they should resurrect that oliver guy to be lord protector of ireland . 
  sounds fun ? 
  this is what you just told me . 
  _ they went on to board their planes and bomb narva . _ i do n't think that such documentary exists . 
  it does not make any sense . 
  russians bombed narva to pieces . 
  estonians were not part of nazi plane crews . 
  they were handling antiaircraft guns . 
  you are so young . 
  we were called nazis right after 1945 . 
  ask your grandfather how he was called in soviet army . 
  salo is also different . 
  hungarians make it with lot of red pepper . 
  i like both , but hungarian version is better  . 
  my english is too weak . 
  bacon is less fatty and is mostly just salted . 
  other stuff is pure lard but it also has red pepper , so it tastes bit hot . 
  not really . 
  bacon looks like that : https://www.google.ee/search?q=peekon&amp;biw=1536&amp;bih=794&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewibhak58qnmahubkpokhvueb1gq_auibigb it 's different . 
  that very small country next to australia with ljubljana as the capital , duh everyone knows that . 
  fixed that for you . 
  when i think about hungary , i think about : https://www.google.ee/search?q=ungari+pekk&amp;biw=1536&amp;bih=794&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewiuoafz0qnmahxlqzokhsrlbvkq_auibigb i have no idea how to translate it . 
  it was probably estonian criminal . 
  i think we have serial plant-stealer in loose . 
  my neighbor got her flowers dug out and stolen during the night . 
  you do understand that this is the price for your empire ? 
  right ? 
  you do understand that if you want eu to succeed you will transfer money forever . 
  just look up how money transfer works in usa . 
  eu has same fundamental issues . 
  there is alternative , dismantle eu . 
  it 's really not . 
  everyone who has done even little bit of digging knows that it started way before russians pretend that it started . 
  just like your `` great '' patriotic war starts way after you actually got involved in war . 
  this is just something that you do . 
  start war , then when someone responds you say that this event is start of war . 
  just because you say so , does n't make it true . 
   are you seriously arguing that russia would organise a coup in belarus and then send its armies through that country no need for coup and sending its armies through would not be chaos . 
  not more chaotic then sending it through any other land , including their own . 
  it was usual in ussr that your unit started movement to polygon with 6 cars , but next day only 1-2 were there . 
  i do n't know how much better it is in current russian army , but i bet its still chaotic . 
  moving large amount of soldiers with their logistical support always is . 
  because there is point where you ca n't say ` no ' to genocidal dictator anymore . 
  did n't we learn anything from last time you tried to `` placate '' bloodthirsty dictator who just wanted `` one more useless bit '', 
  why do you think that russia ca n't attack poland through k\u00f6nigsberg and belarus ? 
  do you even remember it ? 
  i do . 
  i 'm old and i got my daily dosage of russian propaganda for years . 
  yes ussr teached me to turn off my brain , but i did that just to not listen to russian propaganda . 
  when i now want to watch or listen some ( for educational reasons ) , i actually have to give effort and pay close attention as i tend to drift away in my own thoughts and filter out all the useless noise . 
   even native latvians really ? 
  there are some zombies in every nation .
