  not mine . 
  it has nothing to do with your or mine social circle . 
  if 80 % of population is against something , then it 's shortsighted to blame it all on `` old people '' . 
  i 'm `` old people '' . 
  still i 'm pro full gay marriage and i 'm definitely more liberal then average estonian . 
  i 'm only conservative when it comes to government spending . 
  i think that should be heavily controlled . 
  if 80 % of the people is against something , you do not change it with proselytizing and concerts . 
  you do it by showing them that gay people are not monsters who want to `` convert '' their children or do those other ridiculous things they get accused of . 
  you go step by step and just do what has to be done . 
  instead of just including all the needed changes to existing laws ( btw it 's already possible ) they just had to package it all to one `` pedeseadus '' and make all the bigots scream bloody murder . 
  goal should be giving gays possibility to use existing laws like other couples do . 
   i do n't know . 
  looking at how liberals have been doing compared to countries like poland or hungary , it 's not that bad . 
  it 's irrelevant . 
  we speak about us , not about others . 
  we speak how our message can reach our people , not polish . 
  it 's probable , that different means must be used . 
   it 's not some kind of a national trait . 
  we have to agree to disagree . 
  80 % of the people were against law . 
  i 'm sure if it were done differently , there would have been no hoopla around it at all and we would have working laws instead of abomination that we have right now . 
  and this is something i put blame on our liberal elite in riigikogu . 
  they did it stupidest way possible . 
   estonia has changed a lot in the past decades ... 
  it 's all irrelevant to topic of gay rights in estonia . 
   and who are those people that are forcing others to think their way ? 
  not forcing . 
  trying to force and failing spectacularly because they do n't understand one little thing about estonians . 
  if you want list just google news back when gay law was discussed , there is lot of it in delfi.ee . 
  it 's good example how not to do propaganda in estonia . 
  yes it is . 
  even young ones are more conservative compared to western countries . 
  even with all that good english and great access to information . 
  estonians main ingredient is suspicion . 
  that 's why our liberals fail when they explain things to simple people . 
  they do n't understand that moralizing and prozelyting changes nothing . 
  thing is , that estonians are usually not bad people , they are just suspicious of change and they ca n't stand people who think that they should force others to think their way . 
  and one of the most conservative . 
  its so ingrained in us that i think its survival trait . 
  it does not help that our politicians dont understand average estonian at all . 
  our government will make sure you get more money soon . 
  they plan to rise alcohol prices a lot . 
  border trade will grow much higher soon . 
  even finns are catching up . 
  we have bus lines directly from port to latvian border . 
  europe reaches up to ural mountains . 
  i 'm sure if russia reported their stats , those would be included too . 
  europe is larger then eu . 
  dont worry , you will catch up soon enough . 
  we are currently implementing some questionable economic policies . 
  yes . 
  it seems you are capable of reading their brain . 
  or you follow estonian media . 
  that was time window available . 
  i doubt that it would happen in todays political climate . 
  the second one . 
  we have the same . 
  except some say that we have second place behind italy . 
  its not my opinion , i just forward some ridiculous things i have read . 
  when scots voted about uk it was made clear that if they leave they are not part of eu . 
  something to do with spain if i recall correctly . 
  so if we go by that logic , england is not eu member , uk is . 
  i made mistake , i mean lived . 
  i used to live in soviet union . 
  as someone who actually lived in one of those `` owned by country '' is correct . 
  if i understood it correctly , main problem for uk is internal immigration from eastern europe . 
  not from outside . 
  i have been wrong before of course . 
  that 's not reason . 
  i 'm more interested about what you think why do they end them unilaterally . 
  i have hard time finding any of those `` many people like myself '' people here . 
  they have to live somewhere and there has to be many . 
  so it 's logical to assume that it 's probably around where you live . 
  those many people live faaaaaaaaaaar away from russia . 
  it 's easy then . 
   the sanctions will have to end eventually why ? 
   have you already forgotten crimea ? 
  the first european invasion in decades ? 
  not first in decades . 
  he took south ossetia and abkhaz 2008 . 
  let 's be serious here . 
  there was no risk at all . 
  we never shoot even military planes down . 
  there is 0 chance that we would shoot down passenger plane . 
  source is in estonian . 
  nobody else even cared about it . 
  it was explained as piloting mistake . 
  last year there was 7 incidents . 
  this year there has been one . 
  lavrov 's plane illegally crossed our border . 
  2013 i think . 
  + / - year . 
  it 's not general opinion . 
  it 's my personal opinion based on my experience . 
  only place where police still extorts bribes . 
   not much we can do about that . 
  could you please fix your police ? 
  that would be good start . 
  we did it during 90 's and it still gives us dividends .
