  you know , when leftist liberals stampeded all over judicial independence and public media ? 
  no they are not . 
  they criticize polish people because they had balls to say no to multikulti and yes to conservatism . 
  having different political views in eu is crime it seems . 
  yes you are and it looks organized . 
  every day or two some eu weirdo tells something bad about poland . 
  use the possibility to stfu . 
  nobody gives shit about your opinion anyway . 
  you are irrelevant has-beens . 
  you have no balls for that . 
  never had , never will . 
  look all that rhetoric about `` easier deportation '' then compare it to those pathetic deportation numbers that actually happen . 
  no , it is not . 
  he is `` police chief peter \u00c5gren '' . 
  it 's not police job , police must follow orders . 
  politicians orders . 
  if politicians ordered him to give out this information and not cover up then yes , they should fire him . 
  i doubt it happened , considering what i know about sweden ( very little and probably mostly just wrong anyway ) i 'm currently very sure that he had opposite orders , that politicians gave order to cover up such happenings . 
  if anybody should resign , its your politicians and/or political system and it should happen yesterday . 
   ( populist right-wing ) is this part of translation or your opinion ? 
  i did read through https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sweden_democrats and could not pinpoint the populist part . 
  actually truth to tell , i did not even find `` right wing '' part . 
  there is nothing about their economic policy . 
  still not majority . 
  still not even close . 
  there is probably less , you just pander your agenda . 
   practically every eastern european right-wing party is working with arthur j. finkelstein [ 1 ] bullshit . 
  eastern europe is * bit * bigger then hungary and czech republic . 
  i 'm joking , it 's a lot bigger . 
  not all of us , serious majority in estonia were pro-fence from day 1 . 
  i 'm conservative . 
  i do n't hate anybody . 
  hate is such loaded emotion and pointless . 
  i believe in freedom . 
  even in freedom to be muslim or leftist or rightist or whateverist . 
  i do n't agree . 
  they can easily mobilize more then 2000 policeman and use water cannons to break up demonstrations . 
  so they are not too soft . 
  i think they had no permission . 
  if there were political will , they could have ended it quickly . 
  they speak about portugal , not russia . 
  i would agree to that . 
  but current project is just trash . 
  lithuania is basically not on board with that . 
  they want something for their own good . 
  i 'm not sure what , but probably usual vilnus-kaunas-klaipeda railroad as `` rail baltica '' . 
  poland is not interested at all and there is no agreement with them at all . 
  i really love north-eastern poland and i have visited it multiple times ( over 10 ) . 
  very nice nature and national park , but i really doubt rail baltica does any good if it ends there . 
  we need connection through warsaw to berlin otherwise it just does not work out . 
  fdr who sold us to russia and reagan who dismantled soviets so we finally got out . 
  maybe not in west . 
  as soon as they get out of their country they all do it . 
  we have exactly same thing going on with swedish owners . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r75wmx1wfgk&amp;list=rdr75wmx1wfgk#t=50 here is the original . 
  it 's actually patriotic song from singing revolution . 
  yes it 's slow . 
  i think it 's kurdistan . 
  not sure of course , maybe there is another in same situation . 
  pls do n't be so . 
  when global warming sinks estonia i will totally refugee to you and drink all your beer . 
  i spent total of 6 months of my time in your country . 
  it 's great . 
  another thing going for you ( and us ) is nature . 
  not overpopulated , plenty of forest , sea etc. 
  germany could conscript them and form 40-50 divisions . 
  then send them to fight assad and secure land and peace for other refugees in syria . 
  pls , midsummer is biggest and most important by far . 
  how is that different ? 
  every country has same problem . 
  `` yes , we need new dump/mine/port / power station/etc , but do n't build it here . 
  build it over there to neighbors place . '', 
  usual reaction in estonia to every single big project . 
  we had very little . 
  we may say we had none . 
  estonians are very skeptical about `` strong leadership '' figures . 
  russians just love to call other people fascists . 
  like they now call ukrainians . 
  weird that our consumption changed exactly opposite . 
  are you serious ? 
  not even that special heated sweet wine thing ? 
  i do n't know the word in english . 
  no i speak about crude nuke . 
  as old person who spent big chunk of my life as `` citizen '' of soviet union , i can tell you that we were openly anti russian totalitarism even then . 
  we were called fascists for a reason you know . 
  you overestimate hardness of this task . 
  i 'm speaking about really simple nuke . 
  not something modern . 
  it 's just matter of time till terrorist organizations will get capability to build one . 
  it will not take centuries . 
  it 's expensive and hard and takes time , but there is no country in the world who would not get needed resources if they really really wanted to . 
  yes estonia actually can dig up uranium . 
  russians actually did it here during 40s . 
  actually it 's surprising how many best long range airways go over this region . 
  it 's not london 's level , but compared to population we have surprisingly large amount of air traffic . 
  putting on missile is more complicated that i agree with . 
  building simple nuke is not complicated . 
  really . 
  for example estonia can just dig up needed materials for simple nuke . 
  simple nuke is not that complicated and materials are possible to get .
