  it 's not more expensive then here . 
  i guess i have good nose for cheap drinking holes . 
  no buffee i guess ? 
  i 'm not 100 % sure , but i think maximum sentence in norway is shorter . 
  he got 20 something years . 
  i may be wrong , i just remember some old news about it . 
  i can assure you that this position is not unique . 
  we have same issue . 
  che is much better looking . 
  99 % of youth probably have no idea what che was . 
  why would france need to integrate french ? 
  you do n't integrate your own people , it 's definition of your own people that they are integrated since birth . 
  i know it was more complex then that . 
  what i described was root cause . 
  yes , this is how wwi started . 
  russians guaranteed serbia who wanted to put greater serbia together . 
  of course fucking helps you to stay fit . 
  i do n't know . 
  in my opinion germans should not feel guilt for keeping my ancestors as chattel slaves for 700 years . 
  even my grandfather who grew up hating them finally forgave them 1940 . 
  you have to ask some other nations who specialize on historical guilt and milking every single penny out of it . 
  because they can . 
  they have no balls to be racist against those that they actually hate , so they take easy target . 
  just give them some vodka and you find out . 
  those labels are very flexible . 
  especially `` far '' . 
  i was answering to your previous post . 
   poles are prone to anger outbursts over silly things . 
  so exactly like lithuanians . 
  i have decades of experience with them ( since soviet time , yes i 'm that old ) and it always confused/confuses me how easily lithuanians get angry over pointless things , especially when they misunderstand something . 
  exactly like your post . 
   too much national pride . 
  so exactly like lithuanians . 
  all that crap around that mindaugas is irrelevant and long gone . 
  grow up and get over it . 
   feeling of superiority over others . 
  so exactly like lithuanians . 
  i have heard many times lithuanians being accused for this . 
  truth to tell , i myself never noticed . 
  but , i have never noticed it with polish either . 
  i guess every nationality has some such people . 
   stronger nationalism and extremely religious ( catholicism being central part of polish identity . 
  so exactly like lithuanians . 
  at least if we go by our pov . 
   drive through poland and you 'll see a huge cross every kilometer ) . 
  i do . 
  at least twice a year . 
  as i 'm from estonia i also drive through lithuania . 
   also poles are much more friendlier than lithuanians and less depressed overall . 
  i do n't measure your depression . 
  this is probably something very personal and you have to search for it . 
  we have same problem actually . 
  i would say both nations are extremely friendly . 
  i would say way too friendly . 
  we estonians are cold , your warmness and friendliness confuses us . 
  we do not trust easily , so its weird when random strangers speak with us . 
  it happens a lot in poland and lithuania ( other places too of course ) . 
   keep in mind this is from my personal experience . 
  yes , and everything i wrote is my personal experience . 
  i have outsider view to both nations and long experience ( probably longer then you have been alive ) with both nations . 
  you are much more similar then you think . 
  so basically they have lithuanian mentality . 
  serious case of pot calling kettle black . 
  i think you have never been in eastern europe . 
  hint : it 's big and diverse . 
  orly ? 
  why there is then shitloads of antidemocratic rhetoric every time that some country votes something radical left does not like ? 
  you think all those attacks against voters when they `` vote wrong '' is just imagination ? 
  are we even on same site ? 
  i want uk to stay in eu , but i think it 's for uk to decide . 
  if they want out they should get out . 
  otherwise eu would just be another empire with no rights and i do n't want that kind of eu . 
  i think eu would be worse and less balanced without uk . 
  or two apples . 
  i 'm serious here . 
  my friend was almost sent back because he forgot he had two apples in bag . 
  wtf . 
  why they do it ? 
  it has to be expensive . 
  so typical western view . 
  there were more culprits then just axis . 
  it just does not fit your narrative . 
  maybe instead of building that wall you should rent your government to them . 
  i do n't know about germany , but in estonia pork price starts from 1.94 $ while beef starts from 5 $ for kg . 
  _ russians would gladly starve as long as they can feel good about killing people in some foreign country . 
  the mentality might be we have nothing but we stronker _ this is correct . 
  source : i 'm not russian , but i did live half of my life in soviet union . 
  i live in country where we have 22 % russian minority because of forced immigration . 
  i also speak russian and know quite a lot about so called `` russian soul '' . 
  i do n't know about eu , but for me it 's allo allo, 
  to make german elite to like them more . 
  edit : forgot about , to get high salary job in brussels and to get bribe money from merkel, 
  they will send strongly worded letter . 
  i thought that russians put some money on that project . 
  i checked it out and it 's pathetic . 
  very few news , no comments , impossible to use with phone without app . 
  most importantly , boring . 
  when i check out russian propaganda in tv it 's great , they do it well , i do n't understand why this site is so pathetic . 
  it 's antipropaganda . 
  like its from 2000 not 2016 .
