  i think it 's even better like that . 
   free movement of goods this is also myth . 
  we have almost free movement of goods . 
  every country can ( and some does ) set restrictions . 
  it 's really simplification . 
  both world wars had bigger background then just germany being on same continent . 
  imperialism was very common and we would have at least one ( probably two ) world wars in europe even when germany were located between china and india . 
  back then it was harder . 
  no compass , no real map and lure of wine and eastern woman did the work . 
  first world problems :( we could probably not qualify one person to any team . 
  it 's not about size , it 's about alert level . 
  i would move estonia to between north-korea and somalia if possible . 
  would be better . 
  there is not one true point in anything that you wrote . 
  not one . 
   i know i will be down voted , but i really think nato is the aggressor here . 
  there are no nato troops in russia . 
  i would love to know how do you define `` aggressor '' ? 
  because right now all western-europe does is `` sanctions '' . 
  exactly not sanctions , but `` sanctions '' . 
  just like they did with hitler before he shared poland with his big buddy uncle stalin . 
   nato has been expanding and invading countries all over the world in the last decades , invading ? 
  could you list countries that nato annexed during the last decades ? 
  simlar to what russia did with georgia and ukraine . 
  name one country where something similar was done . 
   and now is expanding toward russia borders buffer nations , which , understandably , russia do n't like . 
  russia has no buffer nations . 
  buffer nation label is extremely ignorant and offensive . 
  do not ever use it again . 
  we refuse to be buffer nation . 
  we suffered enough . 
  next time russia occupies us , i will join red army and do my best that there will be portugese ssr . 
  just so my grandchildren do n't have to listen to stupid blabbering from ignorant western-europeans . 
   through out history buffer nations helped to maintain peace everywhere in the world , yes , right . 
  just like 1939 . 
  wait ... did n't go so well . 
  do they even teach history in portugal ? 
   that 's why i think this nato expansion is very reckless needed and russia attitude is completely expected . 
  nobody asked you or russia . 
  they did asked me . 
  i voted yes . 
   buffer nations i refuse to be be anybody 's buffer nation . 
  so fu and stfu . 
  i voted for joining eu and nato so my children would never have to live in `` buffer nation '' ever again . 
  it worked so great for us when hitler and stalin last time decided to share our countries between them and then commence mass murders . 
  thank you very much . 
  last one before that was done when soviet union arrested beria . 
  common indeed . 
  this map is false . 
  it mixes measured and `` self-reported '' sizes . 
  `` self-reported '' in average adds at least 2cm . 
  because of desperation . 
  they know that `` trickle-down '' economy is dead , everything just continues to `` trickle-up '' . 
  this is just measure to make sure they can continue without changing anything . 
  i do n't know when they will understand that beating dead horse will not make it run again . 
   mass murders and atrocities stalin committed this is very common misconception . 
  stalin was mass murderer and did many atrocities , but it was not just him . 
  you ca n't just single out one person and blame just him . 
  there were many guilty parts . 
  for example mass murders started immediately by orders of lenin . 
  he was also huge mass murderer who were surpassed by stalin only because stalin had more time . 
  exactly what i wrote , but better . 
  so i deleted my post . 
  you told it all . 
  thats true . 
  for example : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/7902905/russian-corruption-means-foie-gras-roads-would-be-cheaper.html, 
  selling russians mistrals telling us to stfu when we support our allies basically being in russias pocket since after napoleon my enemy friends are my enemy, 
  you already did  , i mean get defensive . 
  my example was one person in one company , but he told me that it 's pretty common in denmark . 
  i have to believe him . 
  `` useful idiot '' was classification used by kgb during cold war to describe westerners `` sympathetic '' to their cause . 
  it fits . 
   he was democratically elected unlike hitler . 
  seriously ? 
  what do they teach you in school these days ? 
  even back in ussr when i went to school they told us that hitler was democratically elected . 
  he was . 
  just look up yourself . 
  nazis won election . 
  there is two possibilities . 
  you are either fsb sockpuppet or you are person that kgb during cold war classified as `` useful idiot '', 
  you should shake in your boots my finnish brother . 
  we will come for you soon . 
  there are enough estonians in finland now . 
  we will take piece of your country based on that . 
  problem is that estonians are all over the finland , i think we just take whole finland . 
  you know , for safekeeping , so you ca n't oppress us anymore . 
  i 'm sorry but i do n't buy it . 
  i 'm one of the european black sheep people . 
  i support us wars . 
  i supported bush wars . 
  i will support future war 's . 
  i do not support our current war in central africa as i do not think that france will ever help us against russia . 
  i will support any kind of war where our army helps out us . 
  i get tons of shit from other europeans , but what you speak about is nonsense . 
  nobody verbally abuses me or lets their anger out on me . 
  western-europeans are usually way to polite for that ( except french of course , but that 's ok as i do n't speak french and they do n't speak estonian , i can just ignore them ) . 
  you want to be defensive ? 
  i can give you some criticism of denmark . 
  problem with denmark is that nobody want 's to take responsibility .
