  of course you do . 
  this must be reason why 5 years later you still have those `` stupid '' laws in place and you still continue to label everyone who does not agree with you as nazi or anti-semite . 
  or maybe it 's just excuse, 
  there is no point to argue with people like that , but well written . 
  good work . 
  do n't hold your hopes up , he will never understand . 
   absolute freedom of speech does n't exist freedom of speech is binary . 
  it exists or not . 
  no buts , no ifs . 
  it 's very simple concept , we just must stop calling `` partial free speech '' as `` free speech '' . 
  currently this silly label means that `` free if i agree with you '', 
   he 's usually second only to hitler in terms of pure evil . 
  this is the difference . 
  if someone asked me who stalin could be `` second only to '' in terms of pure evil , i would choose lenin . 
   i think over there hitler/stalin are looked at as equally bad , while here , we really focused on hitler more . 
  no , not really . 
  it 's not even close . 
  stalin was much worse . 
   i do n't think some eastern euro folks have an accurate understanding on how americans/western euros think about the ussr . 
  well stereotypes usually are wrong . 
  of course some people do work hard to keep those stereotypes alive . 
  yes , thinking that west is full of commie-sympathizers is very common stereotype . 
  believe me , i lived there . 
  i know what i speak about . 
  yes , women were glorified as workers . 
  but it was not something that today 's westerns call equality . 
  just take a look at key positions . 
  it was not equality in workplace . 
  it were just some showcases to flaunt around . 
  you just believed propaganda . 
  real life was different . 
   every nation state or empire is based on national superiority but su was not that and still russian national superiority was very strong narrative . 
   i think it 's fair to call the su or mao 's china and so on communist i agree with just general label by the west , but as ideology , not much was used . 
  also , we never called su as communist ourselves . 
  we were `` on road to communism '' , but never communist . 
  of course i do n't speak about early years with all that `` war communism '' and stuff going on . 
  just 70s-80s . 
   was not inherently based on racial superiority or some similar insane concept depends if you consider national superiority as insane concept . 
  i 'm old and i was born in su , i lived big chunk of my life in su . 
  what is your source ? 
  why you even put together communist ideology and soviet union ? 
  they had nothing in common . 
   the soviets did n't believe in superior races , exterminating cripples , slavery , domination of man over woman all wrong btw . 
  do n't be silly . 
  that is what our western-european brothers call `` positive discrimination '' . 
  be example , do it . 
   how did he have a choice ? 
  do n't help russians without them signing atlantic charter first . 
  demand them to recognize their atrocities , otherwise no lend lease . 
  put your money where your mouth is . 
   `` a bit below stalin and hitler '' shows you 're either being overdramatic yes , if suffering of millions for 50 years in eastern-europe is overdramatic for you , then you are correct . 
  i will not change my opinion . 
  i do n't care if you agree with it or not . 
  for me fdr was worst potus ever . 
  yes , even worse then bush . 
  you can always do it other way around and let czechs lose part of their sovereignty instead . 
  he did have choice . 
  whatever you say for us he is also mass-murderer . 
  just bit below stalin and hitler , but not much . 
   not just poland , the whole ex-ussr region not just that . 
  lets say you did not want to be russian female in nazi concentration camp when you got liberated . 
   fdr did n't trust the soviets yes , that why he gifted soviets whole eastern-europe for raping . 
  there are even russian historians who argue that hitler would have won . 
  if he just was not nazi and handled local population better . 
  well then he would have not been hitler too . 
  i was more speaking about moving in country . 
  as this is what i see a lot here in estonia . 
  of course we also have lot of people going to out of country for work , but this usually is not because of availability . 
  it 's more about salary level and quality of life . 
   then we have people saying we need more women in technology and science . 
  ok , why ? 
  maybe women just do n't care about those fields as much as men do . 
  then you get labelled a sexist when you say this . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytofxll7eh4 that video tries to find out why in gender equal countries less woman try to go to technology and science compared to `` developing '' countries . 
  i found evidence pretty convincing . 
  they do, 
  sometimes truth is harsh . 
  you should not . 
  it 's just for those who want to . 
  why not ? 
  i 'm not afraid about those topics , those topics are all totally ok . 
  there are some topics that are not ok and get you punished . 
  maybe there are some topics in uk too ? 
  in my opinion its hypocritical to preach about conditional `` freedom of speech '' . 
  as i see it , difference is only about the taboo topics . 
  same restrictions apply . 
  i do n't say that those restrictions are wrong . 
  i say it 's wrong to assume that our restrictions are somehow more superior to theirs . 
  really ? 
  are you absolutely sure ? 
  think about how wide brush is `` anything about anything '' . 
  i can give you countless sentences that get you to trouble in estonia ( actually i ca n't , because i 'm poor and do n't want to be fined ) . 
  usual punishment is fine not jail sentence . 
  i have heard that there are countries in the middle of europe where you can go to jail for wrong type of `` freedom of speech '' practice . 
  are they sudan nationalists or arab nationalists ? 
  or is it same thing ? 
  he is from estonia . 
  it 's quite high probability that our ancestors lived in estonia before proto-indo-europeans were even thing in europe . 
   the ability to say anything about anything i 'm sorry , but we do n't have that . 
  not in estonia at least .
