  every country can build one , just put enough money in . 
  nationalists would want their own country . 
  even if it meant lower living standard . 
  we do . 
  for those who come . 
  usually over russian border . 
  we failed to get any from south europe . 
  we agreed to quotas and now we ca n't fill those . 
  what you propose we do ? 
  send hunters to germany and use force ? 
  because there are more important things then money . 
  yes it is . 
  healthy dose of paranoia is all that kept us alive last 1000 years or so . 
  to tell you that i will stop drinking your wine from now . 
  just like i quit french wines after mistral and `` missed opportunity to stfu '' fiascos . 
  not just wine too . 
  probably not just me too . 
  especially in eastern europe . 
  there is no need to ask and us knows it . 
  we know whose troops will be here when we need them . 
  ffs we even sent our troops to iraqi . 
  it 's not about food or money . 
  it 's about not caring . 
  he just acts stupid . 
  he does not know that estonia has same problem . 
  we also receive eu food aid . 
  that 's not patronizing . 
  it 's flat out racist . 
  you ca n't assure victory without boots on ground . 
  missiles and planes only get you this far . 
  grow some balls and shoot it down . 
  you have capability for that . 
  we use : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estonian_air_force#current_inventory witch one of those was in good enough condition to actually violate your airspace ? 
  we are more capable then i thought . 
  when you can find estonian warplane in sweden i give you personal permission to shoot it down . 
  i was alive . 
  northern half of estonia could see finnish tv . 
  it 's way too simple to say it was root cause . 
  current russian tv is way superior to soviet tv . 
  propaganda included . 
  one russian plane crashed in lithuania . 
  bit hard to say that they do n't do that . 
  of course you are not russian . 
  just another little putinbot defending his actions no matter what . 
  is n't it pathetic that you do it for free ? 
  russian putinbot a at least get money for it . 
  every conflict is different but there is always common denominator . 
  after conflict russia is little bit bigger . 
  do n't you have enough land already ? 
  reason is that we asked them . 
  we had nothing for many years while things were calm . 
  then putin escalated it with georgia and ukraine . 
  so we asked our allies for more presence . 
  nato is extremely popular here . 
  more popular then eu . 
  if it is geographical then it 's even more wrong . 
  considering that european geographical center is in lithuania . 
  last real war where west was involved was ww2 east front . 
  in real war there are no rules , everything is used to make sure enemy dies . 
  i really really hope i will never see real war . 
  in my experience they just want piece of pie . 
  as soon as they get in , they continue exactly like previous ones . 
  i hope it 's prevent and not replace, 
  our statistic people say that they remove alcohol consumed and exported by tourists . 
  one bottle of vodka per tourist . 
  we understand . 
  we actually do same thing when we shove our useless corrupt has-beens to ep just to get rid of them . 
  mandatory secular education and ban of all organized religion would solve this problem in 50 years . 
  they take long term look . 
  i would live year in tent if i get free house and bmw after that . 
  stop treating me like shit just because i only speak four languages and not french . 
   if they then move to germany they wo n't get anything and will be sent back to poland . 
  so historically speaking , how well have you done it ? 
  how many have you sent back during last decade for example ? 
  rent piece of siberia for them ? 
  would you ? 
  please ? 
  do n't be so sure about that . 
  they do pass through germany to denmark to sweden to finland . 
  then they are stuck of course as they do n't want to continue and pass to estonia or russia . 
  yes , even estonia has it . 
   so i 'm not sure do they differ from the rest of russia that much . 
  you are correct , i was answering to that statement . 
  that there probably are linguistic differences . 
  even much smaller countries have those . 
  they do differ . 
  i 'm not even russian and i can recognize some accents . 
  people around st.petersburg speak bit different then people around moscow who speak bit different then people from south . 
  royal with mehukatti was worse, 
  it 's really hard to understand for you that even after decade in eu we still have no welfare system ? 
  i mean not `` half decent '' , i mean nothing at all . 
  all we get is similar to colonialism . 
  similar , but with added holier than thou attitude . 
  lets trade . 
  we take those back , you get 2 million from me and africa instead . 
  should make you happy . 
  maybe motivate like this ? 
  really ? 
  that 's news for me . 
  i thought that all you needed us for is cheap labor and easy market for your goods .
