  drink beer 3 . 
  ice hockey 4 . 
  drink beer who needs the profit ffs, 
  because europe is right now working out new standard for eu . 
  what is the chance that they will use japanese standard ? 
  do not forget that this is actually * wrong * type of fast-charging network . 
  because it was acquired from japan . 
  so basically we have to build another network if we want to use european electric cars . 
  no , lithuania has very little amount of russians . 
  actually they signed it . 
  later officials told that it was wrong . 
  snus is made of 100 % purest pork . 
  did you water it with liquid gold ? 
  see , there is your reason . 
  what would they do in syria ? 
  if i 'm not mistaken around 20 % or so of them are from syria . 
  it is true . 
  i 'm sad that you think you know anything about it . 
  it 's clear you do n't if you ca n't even recognize fact about t-64 vs t-72 usage in soviet army . 
  how i know ? 
  i 'm old , i 'm ex-soviet citizen , i actually remember . 
  i think you are just another putinbot under false flag . 
  they have less then 1000 modern tanks . 
  older ones are just target practice in modern battlefield . 
  t-72 was not good tank even back in su . 
  good units used t-64 . 
  t-72 was something that was given to conscripts . 
  25000 russian tanks is pipedream . 
  russia has currently less then 1000 tanks . 
  you ca n't count all the t-34 and t-54 in . 
  they ca n't be deported . 
  if i understood correctly they are citizens . 
  having over 20 % of non-local population and major integration problems already does n't qualify us ? 
  small countries are much better . 
  i lived in biggest country of the world and now i live in small country . 
  so i have experience for comparison . 
  we do n't take them from source country . 
  just from refugee camps outside of their home country . 
  if they do n't eat pork = not moderate and do n't give me shit about it , in soviet army they also told that allah forbids pork , 99 % of them started eating pork really fast . 
  i have never seen even one left-winger who is against totalitarianism . 
  he makes perfect sense for eastern european, 
   particularly attractive being particularly attractive is not important concept in international law defining refugee status . 
  it 's not good start . 
  you already started hurting their feelings . 
  what next ? 
  you start feeding them with pork ? 
  of course you should just give them tons of money so they can buy proper food . 
  with no cross on it . 
   arab countries are taking them richest ones took exactly 0 and they plan to increase this high number to exactly 0 . 
  being right and not being religious will give strange results . 
  it will move you to left . 
  i also think this article is wrong . 
  i doubt that casualties are so low . 
  i 'm old and from soviet union , i remember that self-delusion is important part of russian society . 
  covering up and lying starts from lowest levels , so nobody actually has even semi-correct big picture . 
  in my opinion our media is mostly concerned about profit and rarely think about education . 
  there are educating media outlets , but somehow those are not popular . 
  well , it does not matter . 
  you speak about utopia , i speak about how things are in real life . 
  yes , we should drive for utopia , but i 'm pessimist , i do n't think we ever reach it . 
   soviet war ( and other ) memorials en masse that masse part would be hard to do . 
   democracy only makes sense with an adequately informed electorate . 
  there has never been and will never be adequately informed electorate . 
  for that you need people who care . 
  majority either do n't care or do n't understand . 
  then nobody can have democracy . 
  ever . 
  what is alternative ? 
  let 's make dictatorship ? 
  do n't forget polonium . 
  it usually just means they move it back to latvia . 
  they have to listen to those experts first . 
  also probably experts get no access to him . 
   that 's exactly what the eu is doing right now , they just approved partial funding for rail baltic [ 1 ] , which runs from tallinn to warsaw no they do n't . 
  right now it 's planned end is in north-eastern poland . 
  in the middle of national park . 
  pretty useless , if it would not go to berlin . 
  i agree . 
  free speech is illusion . 
  ok , but then do n't call it free . 
  also come down from your high horse about countries where some topics are banned when you also have some topics banned . 
  your banned topics are not superior to theirs . 
  just read the book . 
  so you do n't tell anybody that :  an ideology that is used by a madman ( stalin ) for his own goals . 
  btw this exactly can be told about hitler . 
  i agree with you . 
  i think that `` limited nuclear war '' as concept was buried somewhere in 60 's . 
  it should stay there . 
  there is nothing to limit that kind of disaster . 
  i think you are commie crime denier . 
  here , just for you :  big difference between an attempt to destroy an entire ethnic group ( like the nazis did with the jews or the ottomans with the armenians ) and human rights violations against individuals . 
   the commies were about class struggle , so they targeted a class . 
  so basically you are telling us that polish are class ? 
  or volga-germans or chechens or countless other nations that were persecuted ? 
  you really should educate yourself before you write about this topic . 
  i suggest this book : http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/6572270-bloodlands do n't worry it 's not nazi apologist . 
  it 's very good and neutral book about atrocities . 
  saddest part is , it 's still relevant . 
  nothing was ( is ) done . 
   because we see the holocaust denial laws as pretty stupid .
