  officially it was `` on our road to communism and in socialism '' . 
  it never reached it 's goal . 
  died first . 
  you should ask her when was russia communist ? 
  i actually did live in soviet union and i do n't remember it being communist . 
  it was not that . 
  it was crime against humanity and we are very ashamed . 
  except those with no brain of course . 
  depends . 
  young people could not care less . 
  before my grandfather died he told me that up to 1940 he hated germans most , no wonder considering our history . 
  germans kept our ancestors as chattel slaves and we ca n't even call it that because someone would get insulted and tell us that it was serfdom . 
  it was not . 
  it was real chattel slavery . 
  they always had fights with local german boys . 
  then russians came and during one year they changed that 700 years of german hatred to russian hatred , it did not exist before . 
  they won third place . 
  in estonian local eurovision . 
  we sent some unknown noname girl instead of best band in estonia . 
  fun, 
  i do n't know anybody who does not celebrate midsummer . 
  i know plenty who do n't even care about christmas and just take it as day off . 
  that would get you `` strongly worded letter '', 
  i know that we also had artificial honey , but that was long time ago . 
  i have not seen it in shops lately , of course i have also never searched for it as i have personal beekeeper who supplies me with real stuff . 
  yes we do have real honey . 
  no i have no idea what he means . 
  no , they just project their every fear to target where it is allowed . 
  even if it makes no sense . 
  not jokes . 
  i can take jokes when they are fun . 
  i do n't find it fun when i get lecture from swedish idiot that no means no in sweden . 
  no shit , it means yes in estonia of course . 
  yes constantly . 
  they usually think that because someone has white skin it 's ok to do racist remarks against east-europeans . 
  and we have `` linnulennult '', 
  i do have lower opinion of donald trump and he is american . 
  does it count ? 
  other americans ? 
  naah , not really . 
  i do n't like your election system really . 
  i think two parties is bad for democracy . 
  wrong . 
  we do n't have much summer . 
  children would scream bloody murder if someone tried to take their 3 month summer vacation . 
  it has been tried multiple times . 
  when you only have 3 months of good weather , nobody wants to sit inside . 
  of course , i 'm old . 
  maybe it 's different now-days . 
  of course not . 
  lynx is very shy and we only have around 1000 of them . 
   czechia + slovakia this time do it other way around slovakia + czechia slovakoczechia , maybe it will last longer . 
  yes it is . 
  still dangerous tho . 
  you do n't really want any of those diseases it carries . 
  never even heard about one , but still lot of people speak like its possible . 
  some even claim that it lurks on top of tree and jumps you when you are under . 
  all bs of course . 
  i like warm weather . 
  so 18-21c , dry , little breeze . 
  usual summer . 
  it 's not even that far from you . 
  they have preserve in north-eastern poland . 
  really nice place . 
  most dangerous is tick kills more people then bears or boars or lynx or wolf or moose . 
  what a silly question . 
  albaiulian i of course, 
  you know another simple math ? 
  we were as rich as finland 1938 . 
  we are not that different from them . 
  we were much poorer then finland 1991 . 
  could you guess the reason ? 
  of course you could not . 
  now fu and keep your `` soft spots '' out of my country . 
  we do n't need nor like you . 
  what free stuff ? 
  where is mine ? 
  i lived in soviet union . 
  i do n't remember free stuff . 
  i think that lot of people do n't see le pen as far right . 
  she has positioned front national to less extreme ends of right , so more people probably see her as `` alternative '' . 
  yes , in general i agree with you . 
  30 % is unbelievable . 
  40 % still means that 60 % are against her . 
  yes , i think they will not vote le pen to office . 
  i also think 40 % is way too generous . 
  i think le pen will end around 30 %, 
  pump action shotguns just look cooler when used . 
  thats why . 
  i have higher opinion about french people in general . 
  i 'm sure that : 1 ) they would not vote le pen to office 2 ) if they did vote le pen to office , they would vote no to frexit . 
  i 'm sorry , but france is not in same category as germany or uk . 
  you would be fucked if you left eu . 
  i think lepen has no idea what she asks for . 
  yes , it is bubble and it is different . 
  it 's just about how do you define `` lot different '' . 
  i mean there are even differences in small countries and considering how big russia is , those differences seem minor . 
  it 's not really truth tho . 
  it is bit different ( accent ) and has bit racial difference ( more asians ) , but it 's not really that big . 
  even accent differences are minor ( noticeable tho ) .
