  we have extensive oil-shale fields here . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oil_shale#/media/file:production_of_oil_shale.png see that green area ? 
   i wil have to rad more about this , i did not know this . 
  regardless they got destroyed by the finns . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shelling_of_mainila here , go educate yourself . 
  wow , if it happens often you should sell your car and buy boat . 
  do n't feel too bad , i never thought that all portuguese are like that . 
  such samples exist everywhere indeed . 
  there has been some tries . 
  never really successful . 
  even together we are way too small and for obvious reasons federating with someone big usually dont work out well . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/28pkw7/putin_orders_central_russia_forces_on_full_combat/cid8p67 enjoy  , that argument made me bitter about `` buffer states '', 
  actually no . 
  it 's portugal . 
  i took it from portugalians . 
  i meant to say portugalian guys , but missed n in the end  . 
  it 's all based from reddit arguments i had . 
  of course i do n't think that average regular portugalian thinks like that . 
  whats wrong with portugalia , i probably made mistake  , not intentional . 
  i find this article really weird . 
  what the hell did we use to violate your airspace ? 
  this is what we have : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estonian_air_force#current_inventory it 's really hard to count those as military aircraft , even back in ww2, 
  right now we often get worse deals . 
  what deal can be worse then `` not available '' ? 
  we have learned that tradition really well ( from you i guess then ), 
  i feel for you if you have someone who is worse then ansip . 
  https://www.stat.ee/19357 here you can look for yourself, 
  i guess it 's just my experience then . 
  here we still call them mustlased and romanians are rumeenlased . 
  so we know the difference . 
  well then we should take page out of russian book . 
  one thing they do really well is propaganda . 
  seriously as russian speaker myself they do it so well . 
  we would have single language problem . 
  we do n't have any . 
  so we probably need lot of channels for different languages and those all must be well made so people would want to watch those . 
  something educational is badly needed in estonia , everything right now is so yellow or so boring . 
  only stupid people would think so . 
  i myself know swedish supremacist racist fascist who lectured me on my first visit that in sweden no means no . 
  of course we need that lecture , here no means yes . 
  you are correct . 
  results show that it was made on some west european racist nazi forum . 
  in czech its not about look man  , even if landscape is so superior to anything we have here :( . 
  in czech its all about beer and beer and beer and then food of course , they make some really delicious duck . 
  best one i ever had . 
  portugalia guys speak about making us `` buffer states '' to make putin happy . 
  it must be it . 
  it clearly worked 1939 between those hitler and stalin guys . 
   it comes from the fact a lot of gypsies come from romania and come to western europe to steal , beg and scam people . 
  it 's not fact . 
  it 's racist opinion from western european racists and nazis . 
  they just happen to be majority there ( by there i mean poll , not western europe in general , i know most of them are kind nice and open people ) . 
  somehow they think it 's ok to be racist if their target is white eastern european . 
  its not other europeans . 
  it 's just those average western european racists who ca n't tell difference between romanian and roma . 
  eastern europeans usually know the difference . 
  do n't be so negative . 
  i for example like this whole region ( poland , czech , hungary , romania , bulgaria ) . 
  so nice places to spend my vacation . 
   popular european television channel or the like that focuses on culture docus & news channels from across the continent . 
  how do you plan to enforce that popularity ? 
  i think nobody would look it , even if one was made and funded by eu . 
   if that makes sense to you , please explain how a feminist party feels it can be represented by such people . 
  it 's not that hard actually . 
  it seems to me that feminists can represent everyone except middle-aged white male . 
  those are the ones who are guilty of everything . 
  it tends to happen when you are wrong . 
  people use downvote to show their disagreement instead to use it like it was meant to remove bad posts . 
  i did not downvote you , i use it for shitposts . 
  i consider your post as your opinion that i just happen not to agree with . 
  i 'm sure lot of this shit comes from uneducated western european racists who ca n't tell difference between romanian and roma . 
  it looks like something from pu songling . 
  is it ? 
  yes , we are against turning our ancient homeland to another nauru . 
   has n't gone completely bottoms up . 
  i doubt that anyone thinks that . 
  i think in estonia there are people who just do n't believe in christian god , but are open to possibility that there is something . 
  he never said that we do n't have a lot to learn about free speech , we do . 
  still less then erdogan . 
  we should just not care ? 
  or what you try to tell us ? 
  you ca n't buy babies . 
  we tried . 
  we pay your previous salary for 435 days . 
  it has some effect , but really not that much . 
  do you have full list ? 
  somehow i think estonia is in even worse situation . 
  are we top two ? 
  you do n't see redefining label of ssm happening ? 
  we have to agree to disagree then . 
  all the labels get redefined constantly . 
  i think something bigger is needed . 
  something like full scale et invasion . 
  not ban , but redefine . 
  this is usually done with controversial topics . 
  who decides whose opinion is more important ? 
  how does it relate to the concept of democracy ? 
  well you could be nice and gift them whole germany . 
  it will be hilarious to see what they do with you . 
  because you still have access to bulgarian market .
