  good to hear that . 
   religious education which covers the basics of the child 's own religion seems like step towards this . 
  it would be even stupider if we had mandatory classes in school about believing in aliens . 
  yes i 'm sure putting it to `` right '' context will make your neighbors really happy and you can continue to liberate them . 
  i went there and it was creepy for me . 
  i was extremely surprised that they had pamphlets in estonian language . 
  i quoted vladimir vladimirovich putin . 
  wow . 
  you seriously want proof that media lies ? 
  every single one of them lies . 
  either because of incompetence , agenda or just because they do n't care . 
  there is nothing to prove , its common sense . 
  first and foremost it is worth acknowledging that the demise of the soviet union was the greatest geopolitical catastrophe of the century . 
  you are wrong . 
  it 's clear that they both fuck with you . 
  i read it multiple times and did not understand anything . 
  clear mindfuck . 
  this sub would do better without such shitpost , this only induces huge amount of irrelevant dickwaving . 
  weak , really weak, 
  i was just surprised that you do n't have mandatory medical checkups for children . 
  we do have it . 
  under 1 year its monthly and as kid grows it gets rarer . 
  for example 16 year olds get checked twice in year in school . 
  i do n't know if it 's actually possible to avoid it . 
  i doubt you can as school and kindergarten do it even without parental consent . 
  why you dont ? 
  we do . 
  every month or two depending of childs health . 
  i just do n't spend energy on people who has been in reddit for couple of months and do n't even flair up . 
  it 's pointless as it changes nothing . 
  you really should pass economics 101 first before we continue with advanced concepts of money transfer . 
  you are just not ready yet . 
  how the hell can i tell you anything if i do n't even know from what country you are ? 
  it 's not my job to teach you economics 101, 
  you only see what you pay , but you never consider what you get for that money . 
  if you do n't want to you have democratic possibilities to affect it . 
  i do n't see from what country you are , but i 'm sure it has anti-eu party for you to vote for . 
  that experience i had was from pre 2000 , so it may have changed . 
  i have seen same attitude inside germany . 
  between east and west . 
  have you not ? 
  ok lets agree to disagree . 
  i do n't have time to go through hundreds of thousands of posts and find you examples . 
  i have seen it countless amount . 
  even in this thread i linked . 
  there are literally hundreds of examples in reddit . 
  there are also personal examples from real life . 
  i understand that you do n't believe it as it does not affect you . 
  it does not make in non-existent . 
  this is tax you pay for access to polish market , resources and people . 
  yes , it 's hard to understand for you , but this is how single market works . 
  in every country . 
  for example if we disbanded eu and every country is in it 's own . 
  that money transfer would happen inside the country . 
  this is economic rule . 
  actually both of them . 
  one tried and another did set wife on fire . 
  i wont even steal your woman . 
  i just want house and lifetime of free beer . 
  i bring my own woman . 
  then it 's time for frexit of course . 
  or just disband it all . 
  you ca n't have cake and also eat it . 
  poland is not getting help . 
  this is price you pay for single market and ability to abuse weaker members of eu . 
  you have not seen anything because it does not affect you . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6b31u3/macrons_win_adds_to_polands_worries_about_its/ it 's even worse in real life . 
  check this one out : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6b35t3/threequarters_of_poles_against_accepting_migrants/dhjj0pg/ thats rich full of racism . 
  today is not low oil prices . 
  today 's oil prices are high . 
  let 's see what happens when it 's in sub $ 10 territory . 
   gorby failed because of his incompetence and cowardliness gorby failed because he did not understand that you ca n't fix stupid and lazy . 
  like every empire soviet union was killed by bureaucracy , stealing and corruption . 
  i 'm actually ex-citizen of soviet union . 
  i actually remember all that shit . 
  you wo n't sell your agenda to me . 
  you do n't understand basic differences between soviet union and china . 
  gorby could have delayed inevitable and made it much more bloody , but he could not avoid it . 
  to do that he should have use stalins method and start by shooting nomenclatura . 
  i also tried to do that , but i can confess that i failed . 
  i decided that i set my personal sanctions to russia and wont buy anything produced there . 
  so i went to shop and tried and failed . 
  could not find anything made in russia :( . 
   made us poorer and weaker in everything . 
  there was no other option . 
  if oil prices did not peak during the end of 70s soviet union would have collapsed 10 years earlier . 
  situation was that bad . 
  it is quite visible even in reddit . 
  also in real life . 
  i can vote for that . 
  i 'm tired of holier than thou attitude we constantly see from western europe . 
  you should flair up, 
   nationalism does not equate to thinking what your nation is superior to others . 
  then western europe is extremely imperialistic . 
  i mean most of you think you are superior to eastern europe . 
  so who exactly is seagal ? 
  actor or artist ? 
  _ i bet central , west , and northern europe vote to federalize , southern and eastern europe vote to stay in the single market . _ done , you lose . 
  i give you 10:1 odd that estonia would vote for federalize . 
  i 'm really bad with betting so i 'm not sure what it means  .
