  they flood comment sections with pro-russian propaganda and also influence comment votes . 
  it 's highly visible . 
  they ordered software ( '' \u0160torm-12 '' , `` monitor-3 '' and `` disput '' ) around 2012 and it costed around 30m rubles . 
  those programs are used to influence public opinion outside of russia . 
  i 'm not speaking about estonian sub-reddits as those are pathetic and not interesting enough to flood . 
  it depends what freezing means for you . 
  16c is ok for swimming for regular people . 
  we also get couple of days every year when water is hot ( like over 20c ) . 
  swimmable . 
  refreshing when air is extremely hot . 
  our beaches are still nice , we just have short time for usage . 
  you can google some pictures : https://www.google.ee/search?q=rand+suvel&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=6zzgu5q9kym6ygpxnococg&amp;ved=0cagq_auoaq&amp;biw=1047&amp;bih=385, 
  estonia has it even easier . 
  all our gas using facilities have capability to use different fuel . 
  we also have our own fuel we can mine . 
  we also have 2 years worth of gas stored . 
  no worries , we will survive . 
  if you want to know something like that you should really read party program . 
  second hand sources are usually not really reliable . 
  of course , party program is always not something they follow with their actions . 
  wikipedia is very easily manipulated and is not good source to prove `` politically loaded '' topics . 
  are you sure that those are actually real people commenting there ? 
  fsb produced very good software for controlling the public opinion . 
  they tested it out on estonian forums , but those comments were quite easy to identify . 
  are those labels they them-self use ? 
  or are those attached by their opponents ? 
   ask americans what they think of canadians and they will say `` we do n't '' . 
  to be serious , that would be standard answer to most `` what you think of ... '' questions . 
  not just in us . 
  it 's universal . 
  i have rule that i do not argue with rabid socialists . 
  it 's pointless , you are demagogues and it never ends well as your world view is set to stone . 
  no you are not correct . 
  semantics does not help you . 
  you know what i mean and you know that all the communist/bolshevik/etc regimes have been bloodthirsty monstrosities . 
  i have rule that i do not argue with rabid socialists . 
  it 's pointless , you are demagogues and it never ends well as your world view is set to stone . 
  no you are not correct . 
  this conversation is over . 
  i have rule that i do not argue with rabid socialists . 
  it 's pointless , you are demagogues and it never ends well as your world view is set to stone . 
  no you are not correct . 
  yes , bolsheviks were/are kleptocrats and authoritarians of highest degree . 
  yes , putin 's regime and bolsheviks and most bloodthirsty monster dictatures were and are very similar . 
  i know it hurts your feelings and that you do not believe me . 
  well i do not care . 
  this conversation is over . 
  i have made myself rule that i do not argue with people like you . 
  it 's pointless . 
   problem is you do n't know what bolshevism means , no . 
  problem is that what bolshevism `` means '' is very different from what bolshevism actually is . 
  anyone can take flag . 
  i 'm sorry if i confused you . 
  i really just meant that they are really really similar . 
   i 'm having trouble decoding your message ... thats totally ok . we have different cultural background  so you think putin is communist ? 
  in sense of what soviet union communists were ? 
  yes . 
  in sense that average western `` useful idiot '' ( quote : kgb ) thinks ? 
  those never existed in soviet union . 
  soviet union was typical autocratic empire , built on hatred and violence . 
  only thing that top communists cared about was power and money . 
  yes money . 
  they spent unbelievable amounts of money on them-self . 
   far lefties that do n't dare to use `` bolsjevik '' ? 
  my english is weak as it 's not my native language . 
  what i meant is that `` they walk like a duck and they talk like a duck , they just do n't dare to call it duck ... yet ''  westerners ? 
  who do you mean ? 
  everyone who has no experience with soviet union . 
  it 's bad word i agree . 
   or the implications of either ? 
  both , as putin 's imperialism and bolshevik imperialism are same at core . 
  even propaganda is same , just some words replaced . 
   what `` paradise '' ? 
  the ` west ' ? 
  crimea ? 
  estonia ? 
  the soviet union ? 
  soviet union  do n't take it personally - i do n't disagree with you or anything , i simply do n't understand what you mean by anything you said . 
  i do n't take it personally , no worries . 
  i just tried to enlighten you about what life really was in soviet union . 
  yes , i 'm old enough . 
  yes , i remember . 
  no , i do not glorify it . 
  yes , it was awful . 
  edit : it 's still confusing . 
  tldr : current putin 's regime acts exactly like bolshevik regime did . 
  they have some minor differences , but i get huge `` d\u00e9j\u00e0 vu '' whenever i look russian tv for example . 
  it 's not positive thing . 
  are you sure ? 
  if i believe news they just finished annexing kosovo , so mexico is logical next step . 
  ( canada is way too cold ), 
  who is this we ? 
  i do n't remember my country going around and annexing pieces of other countries . 
  who did your country annexed lately ? 
   they seem to believe putins ' imperialism is some sort of bolsjevik rebirth but , they are correct . 
  it 's exactly that . 
  they just do n't dare to use correct name yet . 
  problem is that westerners do n't really even know what it means , especially for people actually living in this `` paradise '' . 
  also do not forget it 's pretty much universal and not limited to turkey . 
  no , he criticized us because we have opinion about something without consulting him .
