  germany got over million refugees . 
  it 's reported that around 80 % are young man . 
  do n't you see solution ? 
  french build some mistrals . 
  germans build hand weapons . 
  now you see good solution ? 
  best part is that reinforcements keep arriving all the time . 
  it started during 70s . 
  we actually have over 20 % migrant population since then . 
  do n't speak about things you have no idea about . 
  i had it done after being 40 yo . 
  there is difference , huge difference . 
  i thought it 's sailor speak . 
  til . 
  nationality is cultural not genetical . 
  eeexit does not sound that good anyway . 
  phew !, 
  i 'm safe . 
  our government is still picking . 
  god knows how many millions they already spent and they found one refugee who agreed to come . 
  for that money we could have fed a lot of refugees in syria , lebanon or turkey . 
  now some officials got nice free vacation in italy and greece . 
  is n't anschluss illegal by some german law ? 
  make rail baltica from helsinki to berlin ( quick train for people ) and i will forgive you for 700 years of slavery . 
  they came and continue to come because they have perception that they were invited . 
  if it was actually invitation is irrelevant here . 
  for that some cooperation is needed . 
  otherwise we have usual results . 
  every country develops it 's own jet and gets small amount because r&d is expensive . 
  it 's not about what you think you did . 
  it 's about perception . 
  i know it 's silly but politicians must be careful about what they say . 
  you are delusional if you think that economic immigrants do not have perception that `` mommy merkel '' invited them . 
  i do n't think so . 
  for example we call it venemaa . 
  move to estonia . 
  our sydadmins get more . 
  i have no idea . 
  i was just sarcastic . 
  such rhetoric usually comes from russian propaganda . 
  this is first time i see such in polish context . 
  yes , it 's complicated . 
  that 's how eu is sometimes called . 
  thanks a lot, 
  gayrope probably . 
  please give me source to amount of polish press owned by germans . 
  i wrote that and got attacked by polish who told me that it 's bullshit . 
  i had no counter argument as i based it on info i got from reddit . 
  they leave finland , why do you think they would stay in poland ? 
  nationality is cultural concept . 
  same ones . 
  just different names . 
  most i read here sound familiar . 
  i have hungarian friend who does not like tomatoes , even worse he hates paprika . 
  i always tease him that he is not real hungarian . 
  you underestimate importance of good food . 
  actually . 
  latvia has highest % of immigrants in eu . 
  http://www.mil.ee/et/operatsioonid i do n't understand french , but our troops are in mali . 
  we should probably recall them . 
  nobody would even notice . 
  not stones . 
  metal was used . 
  they preferred to use metal not stone . 
  dead are mostly germans , so it sounds bit weird . 
  but yes , condolences to all who suffered . 
  i 'm sorry but you just ca n't go around and invent countries . 
  there is no such country like new zealand . 
  source : http://worldmapswithout.nz/, 
  it is believable because its quite common that ee companies belong to we owners . 
  so i never doubted it . 
  good to hear that most media in poland belongs to polish people . 
  well , polish people wrote in reddit that 80 % of the polish media belongs to german owners and is under liberal control . 
  i do n't know much , but they do . 
  also , when i see some irrelevant has-been attacking foreign country just because he does not agree with election results , i find it distasteful and pathetic . 
  so when french president tells to whole countries to `` use possibility to stfu '' then its ok . what comes around , goes around . 
  his opinion is worthless and irrelevant because he is not polish voter . 
  he ca n't affect outcome in any legal way . 
  what he does is actually against democracy . 
  polish people have right to chose conservatives when they want and nobody from eu has right to tell them that they ca n't . 
  i do n't remember any points in eu law , that ony liberals must be voted to government . 
  those attacks are disgusting and it 's not first time . 
  every time some eu country votes right , some weird eu bureaucrats start yelling , insulting and threatening . 
  i just find it insulting that pocketsocialists throw all the ee together as one thing and think its ok to insult us and be racist towards us just because you have no balls to be racist against people you really hate . 
  and it 's totally irrelevant . 
  as much as i know polish media was under liberal control . 
  even when they had conservative president they had this struggle . 
  polish media is actually still under liberal control . 
  all they did was taking over government funded media . 
  no it was not . 
  not yet . 
  i do n't really care about polands internal politics . 
  this is for polish people to decide . 
  not me and not for others . 
  if polish people voted for conservatives , then others should just stfu . 
  it 's none of their business . 
   hen did it become so overrun by fucking retards that it 's now a controversial opinion to think that actually the state should n't operate a propaganda machine and unilaterally change the rules of the constitutional court to stop it doing it 's job . 
  i guess it happened when nobody gave shit when liberals did same . 
  for decades . 
  why not safeguard it before ?
