  sorry , do n't care . 
  just like you do n't care when you sell mistrals to russia . 
  no we will never agree with that and no we will never stfu so you can do your dirty business . 
  pretty close , yes . 
  except that allies help each-other when in need . 
  history has shown to us who we can trust and who not . 
  it 's not personal , i even disagree with it , but i just tried to open up sentiments in eastern-europe towards western-europe . 
  you pretty much just do n't matter anymore . 
  you really have no teeth . 
  serious ? 
  well , we have some people ( jesuits or something , i 'm not very familiar with different sect names in english ) who deny blood transplant . 
  even to their children . 
  if case is serious enough , doctor can actually just do it . 
  yes , its about being allies and helping your allies during time of need . 
  actually yes . 
  it 's not about iraq . 
  it 's about who helps us when we need help . 
  we know its not french . 
  they just tell us to stfu and do not anger russia , so they can sell more mistrals . 
  i do not agree about iraq attack . 
  i think hussein was very bad person and deserved death , but i also think that world is full of such dictators . 
  i did ( and do ) agree with our government that if americans go in , we must help or else we have no hope for help when we need it . 
  why else would guy from kentucky come and die in this little piece of land on other side of the world ? 
  that 's what being allies mean . 
  i know its foreign concept for many western-europeans who up to today do not understand that security has cost . 
  it 's pretty common sentiment in eastern-europe . 
  i think that this `` they missed a great opportunity to shut up . 
  ( jack chirac ) '' is paying dividends after all those years . 
  no , we do not forget . 
  we know who are our allies and who are `` allies '' . 
  that 's why actually majority of people do not understand why we send our troops to help you in africa . 
  yes , with 21 % tax . 
  salary is taxed with around 50 % tax . 
  you do not pay social tax from dividends . 
  it 's common practice for business owners to pay themself minimal salary ( and social tax from that ) and take out everything else as dividens . 
  so we can easily say that social tax does not affect them . 
   taxing effects both of them . 
  yes , but not always where you would love it to be . 
  why else most countries fight against `` tax-heavens '', 
  i do n't argue about this . 
  i argue about the fact that huge amount of people somehow think that they do not pay social tax . 
  who does then ? 
  employers have no magic fairy somewhere , every tax is taken from value added by workers . 
  nobody pays your taxes but you . 
  no , not government . 
  no , not company owner . 
  you pay your taxes . 
  how its named and where is hidden is irrelevant . 
  every tax cost must be earned by you . 
  i do not understand people who concentrate on our 21 % income tax , when it 's not even half of your total tax . 
  yes , that 's correct . 
  our problem is actually caused by bit different part . 
  big companies often just do n't pay tax . 
  they abuse different loopholes and avoid paying taxes in estonia at all . 
  thats news . 
  i thought we argue all the time about fact that social tax does not affect rich at all . 
  they pay themself minimum and then take everything else as dividends . 
  it does not affect them at all . 
  i 'm sorry to burst your bubble , but he lied to you . 
  it depends who you are . 
  if you are extremely rich , yes you will go along almoust untaxed . 
  you can get away with 21 % . 
  if you work for living , then we speak about tax level around 52 % . 
  it 's just hidden and some simpler minds think that it 's not even tax . 
  yes , we have weird tax system , we tax weakest . 
  do not spill out that shit . 
  there is no point to lie to people . 
   estonia 's overall taxes account for only 32 % of gdp ** statistics can show very weird things . 
  this one for example is worthless . 
  it is low because we have very limited amount of people we tax . 
  basically we only tax workforce . 
  everything else is heavily under-taxed . 
  ok , i understand better now . 
  what ? 
  i do n't understand at all . 
  did you answer to someone else or something ? 
  i told that roads in poland are in very good condition lately . 
  not involved , blamed, 
  revolution here i come , down with suomi opressors , give me freedom or ... potato, 
  you still have to learn countries official language : estonian . 
  good luck, 
  my country of me just followed democratic process and we decided to annex your puny tiny pointless country . 
  thats ok , as long as we get to annex what we want, 
  ok , but we call st.petersburg and ingermanland . 
   the czech republic has even more serviceable airports than it 's neighbor poland , combined with modern infrastructure and highway as a person who quite often drives through poland i can tell you that condition of polish highways ( and other type of roads ) have enormously improved during last 5-7 years . 
  north-eastern part is lagging behind , maybe some more places i have not visited too , but from the middle ( around warsaw ) to east and west and south is very well covered . 
  we have more then 3000 . 
  we have peace-time army and war-time army . 
  we have mandatory military service and during war-time there will be mobilization . 
  in general yes . 
  they dont have to force through belarus , belarus is their very good ally . 
  they can also force through north-eastern poland . 
  also not to forget that in any serious escalation ( hope it will never happen ) baltic states are really easy to cut off from our allies through north-eastern poland . 
  there is basically very short strip to cut and we are in one big pocket . 
  no , we never had any real heavy equipment . 
  we concentrate only on light infantry . 
  sad i think . 
   your argument might have some merit if the russian minorities living in estonia and latvia had n't already been living there for some 200 + years . 
  we have no trouble with old-orthodox refugees , they are very nice people . 
  very small minority .
