  ( around 15000 ) http://www.starover.ee/  these are rarely just soviet era transplants , most of those returned to russia after the fall of the ussr . 
  vast majority was soviet era transplants . 
  most never returned to russia . 
  a lot of them took money , returned to russia , but left family in estonia and came back to estonia because of `` family reasons '' . 
  also some just took money and never even left . 
   many of them come from families that have lived in the region for generations and generations . 
  yes , some of them do . 
  they are not really problem . 
   i have a russian grandmother who was born in latvia of the same type , she can trace her family 's existence in latvia back over 180 years . 
  yes like i told there are some . 
  we have 15000 of these in estonia too . 
   not really ridiculous in that case for them to insist upon equal treatment and protest to discrimination . 
  what equal treatment ? 
  i never understood that part . 
   while i do oppose russia 's actions in regards to ukraine , the situation of russians in the baltic states actually is pretty rough . 
  seriously ? 
  you should take of your tinted glasses . 
  i 'm old , i remember . 
  if you think this is rough ... well ... 
  i have no words . 
  there are same laws for estonians and russians , we do not have special `` russian laws '' . 
  our citizenship laws have less requirements then most countries including russia . 
   hell , in several of those countries the old militias that fought with the nazis and killed slavs and jews are still heralded as heroes by many . 
  what ? 
  you totally misunderstand what is going on . 
  those were front troops . 
  if they killed slavs and jews on front , then it happened because those slavs and jews were on opposing army . 
  yes , we had our own war criminals , every nation had those . 
  ours were prosecuted and punished . 
  however much you search you will not find any involvement in killing in concentration camps . 
  how i know ? 
  kgb searched for decades and even they never managed to put something together . 
  one time germans tried to use our troops as outer perimeter guards , soldiers mutinied and beated up their officer . 
  do you know that same troops were actually used to guard nazis during n\u00fcrnberg process ? 
   `` estonia has an unknown quantity of unspecified type armoured fighting vehicles '' here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/equipment_of_the_maav%c3%a4gi this is what we have and use . 
  this is not first offer . 
  somehow our `` politicians '' denied your last offer of almost free tanks as `` too expensive '' . 
  they explained it `` we have culturally valuable objects and we ca n't risk our own army using heavy equipment , they may destroy something '' , then you start to think who do they work for . 
  in general we have always been and are now fascists . 
  i mean this was common nickname for any estonian conscripted to soviet army . 
  what i do not understand is how are we connected with it at all . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fascism  fascism / f\u00e6\u0283\u026az\u0259m / is a form of radical authoritarian nationalism whatever word you use to describe ( usually russians use `` slow '' ) estonians we are never ever radical about pretty much anything . 
  most of estonians usually hate anything authoritarian , thats why we never liked communist party . 
  nationalism ? 
  yes there is nationalism , but it 's never aggressive . 
  also we have less of it then most nations . 
  mostly estonians are individualists of `` live and let live '' type . 
   fascists sought to unify their nation through a totalitarian state that promoted the mass mobilization of the national community estonians hate anything totalitarian , we are individualists of highest degree . 
   a devotion to a strong leader rofl , usually estonians hate strong leaders . 
  we are individualists and rarely listen to any `` leader '' . 
   fascism views political violence , war , and imperialism as a means to achieve national rejuvenation [ 5 ] [ 8 ] [ 9 ] [ 10 ] and asserts that stronger nations have the right to expand their territory by displacing weaker nations . 
  how ???? 
  look map . 
  no seriously , where do we expand ? 
  we go and take potato from our latvian brothers or something ? 
  or we attack russia and occupy moscow ? 
  it does sound ridiculous to me . 
  well , there actually are a lot of normal russians . 
  they are not some blood-thirsty monsters here . 
  i live next to them day to day and really , most of them are normal people . 
  it 's the extremists ( very small minority actually ) we have to be worried about . 
   crimea is a wake-up call to the western world georiga was wake-up call . 
  i hope this time its different . 
  i still remember our how our `` allies '' reacted to our `` paranoid delusions '' and how they commented how we should `` use fine moment to shut the fuck up '', 
   they might well give up the territory for free . 
  what you mean might ? 
  we already did , just before the last escalation we signed `` new '' border treaty where we gifted part of estonia to russia . 
  not that there was any chance to get it back . 
  we had even less chance then finland with karelia or japan with northern territories . 
  russians only accept agreements if it suits them . 
  otherwise it 's just paper . 
   ` hallitus ' is very close the estonian word for mold ; ` hallitusseened ' well , nobody uses hallitusseened , in everyday use people use just ` hallitus ' for mold . 
  i thought that russia can arm itsself . 
  then they went to france and asked for mistrals . 
  you always learn new things . 
  yes fascist letters . 
  you are bad learners btw , instead of writing properly like they taught you , you still use some weird `` german '' letters . 
  that was another thing we were always reminded during soviet time . 
  `` how could you use nazi letters . '', 
  rich part is that those two sentences could come from same person and in row and they never understood irony in it . 
  yes they do . 
  so do we . 
  and finns . 
  probably more countries next to russia . 
  you got it all wrong . 
  americans bring democracy . 
  russians bring culture . 
  seriously . 
  they believe it . 
  i remember from my childhood . 
  they seriously believed it that we lived in mud huts and could not read or write before they liberated us 1940 . 
  then we are safe . 
  we would never get any socialist dominated government ( national or otherwise ) ever . 
  50 years of soviet union made us immune to any kind of socialism . 
  of course your definition of that could be ( is ) different . 
  everything works if you need justification . 
  you are wrong my friend . 
  we estonians are very pragmatic people . 
  the way it is i can always go for drink and as long as i have one coin left i 'm never without map of estonia . 
  i never get lost .
