i would be perfectly happy with limited dense system ( 160-ish ) . 
  cheaper to maintain and imo gives much bigger effect . 
  exactly what i wanted to tell , but much better  . 
  my english is way too weak for such heavy weight argument . 
  thank you . 
   i do n't get it why so many estonians are so sceptic about this . 
  because it 's rushed and not thought through . 
   rail baltic is not a direct profit project , otherwise , some private companies would be at least considering it . 
  it 's not about profit . 
  it 's about fact that already existing railway costs so much for taxpayer . 
  getting you from tallinn to tartu costs so much taxpayer money that it would be cheaper to put you to car ( alone ) and send you to tartu via car . 
  then back to tallinn and then again . 
  this is how `` cheap '' railway is . 
  you only see the ticket cost . 
  someone has to pay the bill . 
   moreover , as freight from the east continues to plunge and russia has most likely decided to stop using baltic ports for political reasons , rail baltic would be a great alternative connecting trustworthy and friendly countries and transit trade would at least have something solid to bounce back on . 
  transport what exactly ? 
  phosphorite ? 
  so we will have all the pollution and some oligarch has all the profit ? 
   railway is the most environmentally-friendly transport we have it is also most expensive transport we have . 
  no other transport gets so huge cut from budget . 
   i can not imagine how baltics would ever catch up with eu average we ca n't . 
  no matter if we have railroad or not . 
  there are bigger more fundamental things wrong in eu that would prevent that catch up forever . 
   it 's also a very long-term investment . 
  it is also long term money out from our taxpayer pocket . 
  every ticket bought actually costs taxpayer unreasonable amount of money . 
  yes it is . 
  especially if someone else has to pay the bill . 
   wo n't probably directly pay back the investment it 's not investment i 'm worried about . 
  this will be high amount of money , but once it 's done it 's done . 
  i 'm worried about yearly subsidies that we must pay from our taxes every single year for tons of years . 
  considering our current experience it is expensive . 
  way too expensive for poor country like estonia . 
   people and cargo can more easily more between baltic countries all three combined are so small and insignificant that it will just be drain on our budgets . 
  this railroad is pointless if it does not go to berlin . 
  even then , i 'm doubtful it would actually give any monetary benefit . 
  reality is that railroad is extremely expensive way to move passengers . 
  we do n't really have that much industry to have need for such huge pipeline to europe to move our goods . 
  only thing that would be profitable is movement of our natural resources in non-processed form , but that would just be retarded . 
   in the future between finland and poland . 
  i just do n't see it . 
  we need agreement with finland and poland before we put such a huge chunk of our money to yearly subsidies to project that may never actually work . 
  we would still have to pay those yearly costs . 
  my children will have to pay those costs and their children etc etc etc. 
  we are not rich enough . 
   baltic cities need to network better we are different countries with totally different languages and business culture . 
  in my experience combining us all together is big mistake that foreign companies make . 
  there are much bigger obstacles to overcome then just connect our cities better . 
   that said , continuing fast build up of via baltica to be 4-lane motorway from talinn to the border of poland would probably be better usage of money for now . 
  absolutely agree . 
  at least it will not be such huge drain on our budget . 
  i doubt it will happen tho . 
  there is three reasons . 
  1 ) in estonia government only cares about north to south-east connection . 
  2 ) in latvia government only cares about west to east connection . 
  3 ) in lithuania government only cares about east to west connection . 
  see something common ? 
  nobody cares about north to south connection in those three countries . 
  just try it once . 
  take your car to tallinn and drive to berlin . 
  it will be nice and fun trip ( and cheap ) , you will soon understand what i mean . 
   near it 's northern border where it would be more useful to it 's neighbours than them . 
  railroad through north-eastern poland would be same for them like someone asked us to build high speed railroad through matsalu , lahemaa and soomaa . 
  i do n't see that happening any time soon . 
  i do n't buy it . 
  i think its just cheap scheme to waste tons of taxpayers money . 
  whatever they do , there is no way that this railroad will be financially sound enterprise . 
  who will pay those enormous subsidies ? 
  year after year after year . 
  also to take it through the poland they have to build similar railroad through north-eastern poland . 
  i think we should ask our polish brothers first if they want high speed railroad through their most important national parks . 
  otherwise it 's pointless waste of money . 
  thats not actually whole truth . 
  there is minor problem of polish north-eastern border not really being place where something happens . 
  this railroad is needed till berlin , or not at all . 
  there is no point for railroad from nowhere to nowhere . 
  for me it seems really really fishy . 
  either just waste of money or they prepare to rob us . 
  actually those rates are atrocious . 
  as i travel through poland a lot i discovered that cheapest thing to do was to bring euro cash and use some place to exchange for zlot cash . 
   old town in tallinn uses this white/cream stone it 's slate, 
  basically you are so wrong . 
   basically tallin has russian people who lived there for at least 70 years not really . 
  most migration was 1970s-1980s , not 1940s . 
   ( most of them were born here ) and they never received the estonian citizenship . 
  t most , actually everyone who cared even one bit got citizenship . 
  minority still do n't have citizenship . 
   here 's nothing common with immigration to tallinn . 
  that 's why we should n't always fully believe in statistics . 
  thats why we should not write about things we have no idea about . 
  and stupid me was wondering why bulgaria is holding naginata . 
  if it even is naginata , still looks oriental . 
  i thought it 's italy . 
  flag is italian if i 'm not mistaken . 
  it would be pretty lonely continent . 
  antarctica would qualify i think . 
  i think big country like that would need big capital . 
  i propose switzerland . 
  i know switzerland is not eu .
