  yes , for 700 years my ancestors were kept as slaves who were traded for dog or two , had no rights and your ancestors took most of what they produced . 
  happens , no hard feelings . 
  i promise , i will not ask for reparations , even germany would go broke . 
  the bill we estonians could send to germany is enormous , 700 years of free labor , some would even say slavery . 
  i wonder why the hell we do n't do that ? 
  edit : just to make sure , it was joke , i do not intend to send out any bills and if we did decide it we should send out bills to lot more nations then just germans . 
  i do n't give him too much shit . 
  it just looks weird with all those `` best '' questions . 
  there is no such thing as `` best '' country . 
  all have their own positives and negatives . 
  that 's seriously weird survey . 
  in university ?? 
  seriously ? 
   your evidence that estonia was unsustainable is principally that it collapsed under austerity measures , you ca n't see the small picture . 
  it did not collapse under austerity measures , there were other reasons , it collapsed because everything around us also collapsed , we have very open economy , i would say too open . 
  as much as you want to , devaluation would have not helped us . 
  not at all . 
  our problem was not big government debt , our problem was big private debt . 
  most of that debt was in euros . 
  devaluation would have caused much bigger collapse . 
  you ca n't compare such small pocket economy with world power-houses and think same measures would help us . 
   a trend that gdp now sits far below yes , except for 2011 ( 8,3 ) it sits far below , but now its based on export . 
  peak was based on relatively cheap swedish money that was channeled to real estate . 
  it was unsustainable , because it caused real estate prices rise to levels where only very small percentage of people could buy it . 
   you call low unemployment `` unsustainable '' yes , i do . 
  why ? 
  because there was not enough money to keep it as low permanently . 
  we ca n't except swedes pay forever so we can have low unemployment . 
   i call an unemployment rate  16 % incredibly wasteful . 
  yes it is . 
  i was also unemployed during worst times . 
  good it just lasted for year . 
  for now it dropped below 10 % . 
  we are back in 2004 . 
  this `` low unemployment '' lasted for just two years btw . 
   estonia is currently living far below it 's means , producing/consuming far less than it ought be able , and this is readily apparent on the graph of gdp/capita . 
  really ? 
  i would say we currently live exactly by our means and not by means of swedish retirement funds who injected massive money to our economy during bubble . 
  it was only sustainable during the period they were willing to do it . 
  current growth is backed by export . 
  it 's much more sustainable , but still very open to risks . 
  we may enter another depression and if we do , it will hit estonia hard . 
  do not worry about us that much , we are used to that . 
  we have long history of such occurences . 
   with unemployment higher than it 's been in decades only 2005-2008 ( first half ) it was lower then it 's currently . 
  you just do same mistake krugman does , you cherrypick arguments that support your theory . 
   gdp well below trend i have bad news for you . 
  we will have negative gdp in the future again and again . 
  why ? 
  because permanent growth is not sustainable . 
   honestly kid themselves that this is somehow `` better '' yes it is better . 
  why ? 
  because life is better . 
  we are hard people , living on hard land . 
  our lives are very easy compared to our ancestors . 
  i know this concept is hard to grasp for people who measure history in decades . 
  we use millenias . 
   if your monetary system does n't allow for deficit spending we have euro , it has allowed deficit spending for many countries  it 's a suboptimal monetary system and ought be ditched . 
  tell that to germans , i doubt estonia has power to ditch euro , we can ditch it in estonia , but i 'm against it , then all that speak about `` devaluation '' will start again and i really dont want it  government 's policies which you apparently approve of no i do not approve our government 's policies . 
  i do approve the fact that they did not loan us to 1000 years of slavery like some other governments did . 
   way to misrepresent statistics . 
  you do the same . 
  estonia is very small and very open economy . 
  bubble we had was just idiotic and unsustainable anyway , it was mostly based on real estate . 
  when you want to compare you should actually go more back and compare to where we came from . 
  we are doing well now , much better then it was when i was young . 
  could it be better ? 
  sure , but not much . 
  this is link to eurostat information for `` gross domestic product at market prices '' it is much better indicator then yours : http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;init=1&amp;plugin=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tec00001 as you can see from the absolute peak 2007 - 17500 we dropped to 2009 - 14700 and rised to 2011 - 16900 we have had steady growth since then , it 's small , but its based on much healthier and more sustainable sources compared to bubble peak . 
  yes he was . 
  he had no idea what he spoke about . 
  he had no idea that every single estonian kroon was covered with hard currency so we had no need for devaluation . 
  there were tries to short kroon , but it failed every single time . 
  he also did not take to account fact that 99 % of the loans were taken in euros , so devaluation would have cause total collapse because people would have not been able to pay back their loans at all . 
  yes it is hard and complicated for us since the crash , it 's still better compared to chaos that he offered . 
  i would be very worried if he did , last time i remember the result was enron . 
  when he agrees with something , its important to carefully evaluate if this is good idea . 
  i 'm best person in the world for music industry . 
  i never pirate any music , not even one song . 
  problem is , i never buy any songs either . 
  i just do n't care about their product . 
  all the music i need i get from other ( legal ) sources . 
  well , maybe next year again . 
  no , first offer was that you have to give 2 hens . 
  because you did not agree i send you to siberia and take all 3 hens . 
  good luck , you need it . 
  and they will decide who is the capitalist . 
  you have 3 hens ? 
  you are capitalist , i want 2 of your hens . 
  what , you do not agree ? 
  get to the train , siberia waits you , now i have 3 hens . 
  it started way before soviet times . 
  they do not sell wrong beer in czech . 
  i once ordered wrong beer ( language barrier , i do not speak czech nor german ) . 
  what i got was some kind of weird dark beer i would never consider ordering . 
  it was great . 
  i wish i know what the hell it was , but it was good and i have never been able to order that beer again . 
  wrong , you lie to us . 
  my czech friends told me your little secret : 1 . 
  drink beer 2 .
