  that little guy answered something . 
  maybe he knew and represents average better ? 
  i did search in estonia : so rich so expensive so great not in nato, 
   why latvians have six toes i can answer this one . 
  you are . lv that means `` lisa varvas '' in estonian . 
  it is translated as `` extra toe '' . 
  of course it 's not real . 
  most estonians knew that you have six toes even 40 years ago when internet was not yet so popular . 
  there was small ( but loud ) minority , who argued that latvians do have five toes , three in front and two in back . 
   * now as for the reason why military spending was so high , this was directly resultant of the reagan administration realising that socialism was catching up , and would win the cold war with enough time . 
  could you give some proof to that claim ? 
  did they really think that ? 
  they really had no idea what life was inside soviet union ? 
   the soviet economy was growing faster and more reliably than the us economy this is not true at all . 
  most of the growth was on paper . 
  and even on paper it was not that good . 
  there was enormous lack of even basic products and most of the products that existed were low quality . 
   in 1981 a plan was devised to use the much larger us economy to force the ussr into an arms race . 
  yes , star wars was one factor . 
  but not major factor . 
  corruption and falsification of production numbers was enormous problem . 
  also stealing . 
  seriously , i lived there . 
  i still remember . 
   faced with an arms race the ussr had to drive more and more of its economy towards the military , meaning that growth began to slow down , eventually the economy of the ussr began to implode . 
  collapse would have taken longer without arms race but the root problem with soviet union was much deeper then what can be blamed on four seasons and capitalistic imperialism ( yes , i remember ) . 
  it was totally rotten from inside and it was miracle that it did not crash earlier . 
  i think that 70s oil price peak had more to do with it . 
  that was what kept soviet union still going during 80s . 
  even top communists finally understood that it 's not sustainable . 
   but the amount of nazi propaganda that people are still regurgitating to this day makes me sick . 
  what ? 
  i hate nazis as much as i hate communists . 
  i just wish they all would have left us alone . 
  you really believe that ? 
  seriously ? 
  you are not comparing oranges with apples , what you do is more like comparing mother-ship to maple syrup . 
   let us consider your statement in the context of recently liberated afghanistan . 
  maybe a few years of occupation , with the occupying power building schools and hospitals , imposing our cultural values of secularism would have lead to a country which was better off . 
  instead as our troops withdrew , isis formed . 
  maybe . 
  but maybe ( more likely maybe ) it would have still formed . 
  maybe in afghanistan , maybe in syria , maybe in some other place . 
  there is root cause behind formation of isis and removing afghanistan from equation would not remove the root cause . 
   sometimes people forget that a war needs to be followed up by rebuilding . 
  yes there is always need for rebuilding . 
  how does it even connect with liberation ? 
  you are another one who thinks that we are literally incapable of doing anything without someone else help ? 
  do n't you think it 's bit racists ? 
  no , i do n't mean bit . 
  i mean its flat out idiotic racist statement so you would never make it about some other people , but as we speak about east-european barbarians here , then everything is ok , even blatant racism . 
   in the case of eastern europe , over 1700 towns and cities were completely levelled by the fighting , ok , i understand that part , even when it 's wrong  would it have been better for the poles to abandon them with nothing ? 
  but ... 
  i 'm sorry but i need translator here . 
  my english is not good enough . 
  what does this sentence mean ? 
  you may translate it directly to russian or just try to expand it in english . 
  currently it has no meaning for me . 
  you are actually racist enough to think that poles are incapable of restoring their own cities ? 
   the collapse of the eastern bloc happened under gorbachev when he stopped providing foreign aid nop . 
  it happened because bureaucracy combined with over 50 % of the gdp spent on military and party luxurious lifestyle was unsustainable . 
  i know , i still remember . 
  i 'm actually old enough and i actually lived there . 
   and dozens of billions of dollars worth of aid disappeared overnight . 
  what ? 
  are you speaking about cuba and north-korea or something ? 
  angola ? 
  please expand . 
  it also has english version : http://www.solonin.org/en, 
  they really did not have much time to fight in polish territory , but yes there were some skirmishes . 
  if you really want to know more , try this site : http://www.solonin.org/en, 
  and here goes to toilet all the narrative of the last 76 years . 
  i mean the one where good old stalin was blind and asleep while evil hitler stabbed his back . 
  you are right of course  . 
  that 's actually lie . 
  soviet union was in much better position 1939 then russian empire was in the ww1 . 
  you can start to get right picture : http://www.solonin.org/, 
  that 's mostly area of today 's lithuania , belarus and ukraine . 
  liberators leave after liberation . 
  `` liberators '' stay for 5 decades . 
  you were , but she sold you to china . 
  if you bribe me with food and wine , i will join you . 
  i really hate war anyway . 
  ireland and malta . 
  yes i messed up . 
  i meant leave voters of course . 
  somehow i missed links from your last post . 
  i think it may be my new mobile . 
  i 'm still getting used to using reddit on phone and i missed your links . 
  yes it seems that racist acts are on rise in uk and yes pm confirmation is official enough . 
  that 's sad . 
  i still think that brits are not that bad . 
  there just ca n't be millions of racists no matter if they chose leave or remain . 
  racists are usually loud and obnoxious minority . 
  brits are not that different . 
  something that comes from official channel . 
  like police for example . 
  not random tweets . 
  its gone so crazy that some people label most remain voters as racists . 
  i have hard time believing that uk has millions of racists .
