  when you are out , you winter pay anymore . 
  so was i , good days . 
  full of hope . 
  they were not included because scientist who did this research did not want to include them . 
  usual stuff , sometimes they have choice . 
  russian is not my native language and i do understand bulgarian . 
  more then polish or ukrainian or czech languages . 
  i guess it 's because i did not speak anything too demanding . 
  edit : i actually tried to search for examples of real life ukrainian and bulgarian languages . 
  after some listening , both are hard to understand , but it still seems i understand bulgarian more . 
  you should ask 100k considering we just paid 200k for vomiting hedgehog . 
  why not ? 
  it 's military . 
  i really do n't like pasta or ketchup , so i have to agree with you about those products . 
  if you look closer , you see that its yours . 
  we keep it there , so green man can get easy access and do n't have to spend money in shop to buy tanks . 
  it was full gear 53km hike . 
  they used helmets during that . 
  cold was not problem . 
  overheating was . 
  temperature was not below -20 c. 
  for picture they removed helmets . 
  http://www.delfi.ee/news/paevauudised/eesti/fotod-usa-sodurid-ja-scoutspataljon-joudsid-53-kilomeetriselt-jalgsirannakult-tagasi-narva?id=77181068 21 more pictures about this hike if you want to watch . 
  they participated in 53km hike . 
  there is also gallery with 21 more pictures http://www.delfi.ee/news/paevauudised/eesti/fotod-usa-sodurid-ja-scoutspataljon-joudsid-53-kilomeetriselt-jalgsirannakult-tagasi-narva?id=77181068, 
  yes , wines are especially expensive here . 
  even very bad wines . 
  not just you . 
  we also go to latvia . 
  do you mean this wine ? 
  i have no idea what vodka price you consider cheap . 
  12-14 $ per liter of cheap vodka . 
  18-20 $ per liter of drinkable vodka . 
  polish make best sausage in the world . 
  so it may even make pasta edible . 
  who told you that wine has to be more expensive then milk ? 
  yes , alcohol is very expensive here . 
  they are bad influence to our alcohol prices . 
  have you ever had draw in parliament ? 
  we have 101 members for that reason, 
  they are important propaganda tool . 
  of course russia must keep them alive, 
  when i last visited i just walked around ( its very beautiful city ) and then eat . 
  its great place to eat . 
  then visit malbork . 
  of course im kind of old and dont care about nightlife and so ymmv . 
  terrorism never solves anything . 
  it just relocates the problem to different people ( if you are successful ) . 
  if you want to solve this problem , you need to remove the root cause . 
  its not about the size of the gdp . 
  its how you use it . 
  soviet union, 
  there is no need to ask . 
  we can just count those who migrated to europe . 
  i was in school during soviet union . 
  40-42 children from 1.-8 . 
  grade and 30-32 from 9.-11 . 
  what is wrong with 30 ? 
  i was never in smaller class then 32 . 
  biggest was 44 . 
  my son did those tests . 
  those were extremely basic . 
  not practical at all . 
  we would have much worse results with practical tests , because our eduction focuses on fact knowledge . 
  what is the reason for such rules ? 
  i personally think that printed news should have higher standard . 
  i have no idea how it started . 
  but it was anecdote in soviet estonia . 
  personal anecdotes does not change big picture . 
  everybody knows that swedes fight till last finn, 
  so you suggest we should call it former ottoman province ? 
  sounds weird . 
  i speak english and russian . 
  i have been in poland and hungary multiple times . 
  i never noticed anything that could explain listed huge difference in language skills . 
  hungarians are just such perfectionists that they do n't consider their language skill high enough to report it as skills . 
  i love to have vacations around europe and i never noticed any major differences in language skills in that region . 
  nothing to justify that difference between hungary and poland for example . 
  when 62 vs 37 difference in real life is non existent i would say it 's safe bet to just dump all that statistics and not believe it at all . 
  because it 's self reported its actually not that accurate . 
  it depends how reporter defines label `` language skill '' . 
  i had vacation in hungary and i did not notice that much difference in `` language skill '' compared to other countries with much higher percentages . 
  up to 1881 3 % , - some merchant families from old times . 
  the \u0441\u0442\u0430\u0440\u043e\u0432\u0435\u0440\u044b who fled from your persecution xvii c. 8 % around 1922 - some anti-bolsheviks who fled here after your civil war . 
   russian is 50/50 to us . 
  i 'm not sure how much the russians understand us i 'm not russian and its personal anecdote , but i was able to speak with bulgarians well enough . 
  i spoke russian and they answered in bulgarian . 
  it 's much easier compared to czech and polish languages . 
  there i only understand some words . 
  self reported data . 
  you are probably just too harsh on yourself . 
  i also went in my cv with `` mediocre english '' till i had to interview some people with `` expert english '' skills and discovered that my english is much better . 
  what is the reasoning for that ? 
  bank policy ? 
  how the other party 's get loans ? 
  i mean the ones who cant just call uncle putin to help . 
  its not only mixing , its how they started . 
  northern russia was populated by finnic people . 
  some parts still are . 
   that might be true about your own social circle .
