  do you really have that in ireland ? 
  guess who is to blame here ? 
  so basically you are telling us that this never happened : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german%e2%80%93soviet_military_parade_in_brest-litovsk, 
  dat face tho . 
  on top of sexy body . 
  does not compute . 
  not really . 
  in my opinion smaller countries just have less power for big atrocities . 
  also times have changed and war is much more expensive now-days . 
  back then it was pretty much like hobby , actually killing was not main goal . 
  you are welcome . 
  irish, 
  hate is such a strong word and even stronger feeling . 
  i do n't think i hate anything . 
  about russia , what i actually feel is pity . 
  thanks a lot for good answer . 
  i understand it better now . 
  when i was younger there was 14 all old people . 
  i guess 13 died since then . 
  you do n't build your drinking holes next to church ? 
  it 's very long tradition in estonia . 
  for hundreds of years pubs were built next to every church . 
  also our farms were built separated , so most of the week you worked with your family . 
  you met girls from other families when you went to church . 
  i ask ignorant question now , so please do n't be mad . 
  it 's me just being stupid about turkey . 
  can they do that in public ? 
  in family ? 
  how strong is peer pressure ? 
  lets face it we always had trouble with church attendance . 
  just pick any old writing by some random priest . 
  they always whine that estonians go to church only because then they can drink and chase girls . 
  i live in the country with around 1 . x million people . 
  in my opinion we would not lose anything worthy if we split it in 2-3 . 
  thats why i took that 500k . 
  it 's not that strict . 
  what i actually mean is that 40 million is just way too much for proper handling and somehow big countries are more agressive . 
  most of the wars are fought by big countries , usually over right to rape some little country . 
  usually those little countries get blamed afterwards . 
  we had plenty of experience with it . 
  of course . 
  i strongly support self-determination . 
  in my opinion no country should be too big . 
  it just causes non-representation issues . 
  people who govern will be too far from real life . 
  i know . 
  same with every big country . 
  in my opinion world would be much more peaceful place if no country ever had more then 500k people . 
  putin just wet his pants man . 
  he will order million or two i think . 
  why ? 
  i never understood that logic , usually from big countries . 
  you just do n't get it . 
  now-days they call ukraineans fascists . 
  it has actually lost its real meaning and means enemy for them . 
  it was just your luck  in soviet army they especially loved our pajupuu, 
   who could n't find new zealand on a fucking map . 
  its more common then you think http://worldmapswithout.nz/, 
  i 'm bit late , but i just ca n't let you continue to live with this huge misunderstanding . 
  most common last names for estonians : tamm saar sepp m\u00e4gi kask kukk and now finally we get to the first long one : rebane, 
  i know its hard for westerners , but that sentence is correct . 
  i 'm old enough . 
  i was citizen of soviet union . 
  i 'm not russian . 
  i 'm estonian . 
  through all my life i was always fascist . 
  my father was fascist , my grandfather was fascist . 
  always . 
  i 'm against it . 
  i would not even consider it before eu and us are on same page about http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kyoto_protocol, 
   road infrastructure i have traveled a lot in poland during last 20 or so years and this . 
  this is not just improvement , its miracle . 
  from xvic to xxic . 
  i envy your road network now . 
   considering that the 1937 census soviet union grew bigger between 1937 and 1953, 
   considering that the 1937 census soviet union grew bigger between 1937 and 1953, 
   there 's one other major factor , though : it reduces the warning time to counter-launch , which makes a preemptive strike more viable . 
  well , nuclear subs reduce it to pretty much nonexistence anyway . 
  for you western europeans yes . 
  for us . 
  not so . 
  for us . 
  russia has been major threat for much much longer . 
  we had experience with both regimes . 
  we know . 
  you just know one evil . 
  what is your source ? 
  then we have to pay the price  denmark will still be buffer, 
  tough luck someone has to pay the price, 
  i have no idea , but if i were emperor of eu , i would name it jeanne d'arc, 
   that 's still just anecdotal evidence . 
  this is exactly what i wrote . 
  i never counted them . 
  i would say that number is around 5-6 . 
  yes , it 's countless for me . 
  i 'm poor eastern-european who has no idea how perfect soviet union was , of course i ca n't count . 
  for some it was . 
  not for me . 
  actually i offered them that when russia will occupy estonia again i will join red army and this time i will make sure that there is spanish and portuguese ssr . 
  so after 50 years my grandchildren would not need to have that discussion again .
