i do n't know why we should pay any attention to him . 
  anyway it 's a lot different talking to a person who knows you do n't speak the language well , than trying to follow a conversation with two natives who speak slighty different languages . 
  it 's like trying to follow a conversation between someone from newcastle and scontland . 
  if you want cheap currency , you can always print more money i.e. 
  increase money supply . 
  that has been happening in some extent . 
  that way you get stimulus benefit from the new money . 
  now pound is also losing value because demand is down , people do n't want to hold pounds . 
  that is not as beneficial . 
  or neither . 
  and / r/mapporn, 
  are n't fishing quotas sold to the highest bidder , so that the most efficient fishers wll buy them ? 
  you 'll be fine . 
  / r/europe is for average european like / r/pcmr is for average computer user or / r/politics is for average voter . 
  it seems like some political players in uk want to worsen their eu relations . 
  uk newspapers who supported brexit will present this quarrel the way that eu looks bad . 
  that way they can blame eu when the deal does n't match their promises . 
  if eu and uk separate on friendly terms , everybody will know that the deal they got is best one possible and brexiteers lied to their voters . 
  anti-anti-french propaganda . 
  he did n't surrender . 
  you should n't confuse divide and rule politics with respect for sovereignty . 
  i think those are solvable problems . 
  a lot of eu states do n't see agricultural subsidies important but farmes still get their money . 
  army could be mobilized automatically if a member state gets attacked or however they do it in nato . 
  keep in mind that nato countries are a lot more diverse group than eu . 
  the point of european army is that we would be able to defend against russia . 
  this election has proven that we can not count on usa . 
  so what is the point of nato ? 
  situation where somebody attacks eu country would be completely different than it is today . 
  i doubt that eu would even now stay silent if russia or somebody else started to annex its member states . 
  european union . 
  if eu had army we would be concidered at least allies if not federation . 
  still a lot of western countries are able to send troops in iraq , afganistan , vietnam , mali and so on . 
  question to defend europe is not relevant right now . 
  if international climate changes so much that somebody would actually attack european union , meaning hitler-level stuff , people might think differently . 
  most of the countries have stood by their allies in the past . 
  we do but word for ocean is literally like majorsea . 
  i 'm gon na leave that like it is , maybe baltics have their own ocean after great european union wars . 
   until we have a generation of young people willing to lay down their lives if the leadership of the eu asks , it can not function as an army should . 
  obviously the army could and should only be used for defence . 
  young europeans have been laying their lives for meaningles causes for all of european history . 
  there are a lot of europeans right now who have been in combat for different causes . 
  i can not see why people would be unwilling to defend europe against foreign aggressor . 
  i am for it . 
  finland was able to ( almost ) fight off ussr in 1939 , but situation is not the same anymore . 
  russia has something like 500 nuclear submarines , huge airforce and advanced military . 
  there is no way that any single european country could defend against them . 
  remember that swedish submarine hunt last year ? 
  apparently russian submarines can move freely across baltic ocean without us knowing anything about it . 
  i believe that united army would be , or could be , much more efficient than twenty something small armies . 
  it would eliminate overlap and bring benefits of scale . 
  also i do n't want to be part of us led nato since americans seem to be making new enemies every year and we have nothing to do with it . 
  `` charts and facts are based on the top 20 european metro destinations . '', 
  has anybody in here read that book ? 
  it would be interestin to know how he came to that conclusion . 
  everybody knows that last 8 years has been thought but things are looking up , right ? 
  it seems unlikely that giving up euro would be beneficial right now . 
  finally the maker of heroine , zyklon b and aids infested hemophilia medicine unites its strenght with the maker of ddt , pcb and agent orange . 
  i can not wait to see what they come up next !, 
  is there a site where stuff like this could be shared and peer reviewed by people ? 
  it 's difficult to know what to trust and reddit seems to vote and delete content pretty erratically . 
   they simply require that companies make up the difference between their foreign rate and the us rate if they happen to be located in a country with lower rates than the us . 
  why did n't apple pay the difference to us ? 
  or did they only pay the difference from 12,5 % and not from 0 , 00005 % ? 
  on the other hand covering your face in finland can not be made illegal . 
  at least in the north temperatures regulary go below -30 \u00b0 c so you have to cover your face with scarves or ski mask to avoid frostbites . 
  looks like a nice gun to clean in a dark frozen forrest when it inevitably jams or freezes . 
  i hope it means only military information , not all that nsa style spying of ordinary citizens . 
  funny how one comment says that nazis are n't right wing but left and one comment says that stalin was n't in left but right wing . 
  on the other news : mental problems causing mass-murders in europe are historically high . 
  if you want weaker currency the best thing to do is to increase money supply , just print more money , that way you have both weaker currency and more money . 
  now gbp has fallen because the lack of demand , people just do n't want to have their money in pounds as much as before . 
  it 's still good for exporters but you do n't get the stimulus benefit from increased money supply . 
  i am mostly talking out of my ass so please correct me if i am wrong . 
  even though non eu citizen are free to move to eu if they get visas they are not automaticly citizens . 
  it might be difficult to bring your family to live with you , there might be issues with long term health care and you may be forced to move if you lose your job or commit a crime . 
  anyways it is more difficult to start your life in eu country as a non eu citizen . 
  seems like you could make a career out of that . 
  if isis was behind this attack then it seems like all the european attacks were related to isis . 
  san bernardino attackers were also connected to isis . 
  orlando and boston are little bit unclear but i think there is a strong evidence that they were at least inspired by isis . 
  but they all had assault rifles and other gear and knowledge that would be difficult to obtain if they were acting without support . 
  gdp does not need a reform , it 's a simple easily calculated metric that measures the size of the economy . 
  it does n't measure happiness or wellbeing and it should n't even try to do that . 
  people seem to think that politicians or economists do n't understand that because they talk about gdp so much , but that is only because gdp can be calculated easily without any bias . 
  we simply can not capsulize happiness in to a single figure . 
  but the kebab ingredients are comming from outside of uk , you are better off ordering fish and chips . 
  but is uk willing to accept them and give them citizenships after the brexit ? 
  for eu to replace national wealth distribution would mean a massive increase in eu budget and a massive increase in wealth redistribution among member states . 
  for now . 
  and scotland and catalonia are n't the only independence movenents inside eu . 
  italy , france , germany , austria and several other states have separatist movements . 
  usually the reagions that want to separate are wealthier parts of country that do n't want to support the poorer parts . 
  should eu support all of these movements ? 
  it would be a very hostile move to support an separation movement inside a foreign country . 
  of course but it 's still a dick move . 
  laws like that may work on national level but i think they would be very harmful on global level . 
  how can people after two or three generations be sure what actually happened if dissenting opinions are banned . 
  in the year 2100 best argument for holocaust deniers will be the fact that these laws exist and were posibly needed . 
  source ?
