  just a third of you . 
  actually it not really got weaker . 
  it just staunchly refused to get stronger . 
  damn premium skins . 
   can produce any meaningful energy well , we have working fusion devices since the 50s . 
   do you count teutonic and livonian order as germany ? 
  colonies, 
  yeah , and thus would have never happened . 
  france , russia and the uk would have formed a coalition immediately . 
  and for the hohenzollerns to work together with the habsburgs ... 
  funnily enough , i just linked the very same picture somewhere else on reddit just a few minutes ago :d, 
  [ do you even * fronti\u00e8res naturelles * ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/natural_borders_of_france ), 
  hey , it could be an endless circlejerk about the greats of european animation !, 
  we 're on reddit , after all . 
   some polish 19th century thinker ( krasicki iirc ? ), 
  argued that french revolution was dumb , because killing all the nobles solves nothing in retrospect , poland should have killed all it 's nobles way earlier than the french did , because then * maybe * it would n't have become this undead monstrosity of a state by the 18th century . 
  the elective monarchy existed to serve the interest of the magnates , not the state , and as the nobles liked to have someone who was n't really interested in poland to be their king people like that one guy who did only steal the state treasury and nothing else ( ca n't remember if it was a vasa or a wettin ) got to rule their own kingdom . 
  when the sejm in the early 18th century decided that getting snuggly with the tsars would serve their interests best ... well , the rest is history . 
  tbf , italy has been weak since it 's inception , the last time the peninsula was truly relevant was during the italian wars in the early-mid 16th century , after that the interest of the mayor european powers shifted overseas , and italy is in a shitty position for any overseas ambitions , what with being dependent on the strait of gibraltar being open for their ships . 
  furthermore italy is rather poor in iron and coal , and thus was also only a second-rate industrial power even after piedmont-sardinia did finally put the nation together . 
  and due to it 's late formation and comperatively weak industrial base , the scramble for africa also largely went past rome . 
  also , maybe europe should finally realize that the eu was never meant to serve the countries of europe . 
  ally with catherine and maria theresa to wipe him off the map !, 
  i think you mean house saxe-coburg-gotha marrying queen victoria i of house hannover . 
  because the middle east ist generally aligned towards saudi-arabia , and take three guesses who riyadhs major local rival is . 
  well , the more reactionary elements of polands society like to refer to silesia and pommerania as `` recovered territories '' , because the polish state since 1945 is totally piast poland . 
  and then there is this whole israel debacle . 
  basing national borders on arbitrary lines that existed hundreds of years ago is absolute insanity , i mean even the arbitrary borders we have nowadays work only like half the time if we are generous . 
  and the karling empire =| = france , the franks originates in what is now the benelux/germany/france border region and were neither ` french ' nor ` german ' in the modern sense . 
  8so they were kinda like ... proto-belgians or something ? ), 
  it would be the mosts ensible to set the begin of french and german history at the end of the local karling dynasties , so otto i for what would become germany and hugo capet for france . 
  if you have n't gussed it by now , yes i am joking/pointing out the ridiculousness of basing territorial claims on `` we had that piece of land 500 years ago ! '', 
  how could there be 200,000 poles when the entire city had 170,000 inhabitants in 1910 ? 
  and while the dutch were prominent , they were small in number . 
  nevermind that the dutch quite had close ties ( literally as close as `` fucked each other '' ) with brandenburg/prussia . 
  and by the time the free city of danzig came around , it was 95 % german . 
  a few polish family names do n't make `` influence '' . 
  the language within the city borders being german , that means `` influence '' . 
  the citizens of the city of gdansk spoke german as their first and local language , and polish as their second language when dealing with their suzerains . 
   it is n't even considered a country , since the `` german '' lands were mostly a hundreds of microstates with different religions , cultures and languages/dialects . 
  because the commonwealth was a monolithical , homogenous entity . 
  oh wait , nope . 
  the aristocracy held [ significant territories ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/szlachta#/media/file:posiadlosci_magnaterii_w_xvi-xvii_w.svg ) , ethnic minorities were huge ( byelorussians , ruthenians , cossacks etc. ), 
  and it was just as divided religiously , with protestant , orthodoy and even romuvan minorities , not to mention the large jewish minority . 
  even under polish rule gdansk was always under heavy germanic influence , being a major port on the baltic does that when the big baltic trade empire sits in l\u00fcbeck . 
  back in the day , there was barely any nationalism , so the baltic germans ( especially the upper class ) had little problems with being ruled by a polish king as long as that king respected their rights . 
  danzig was , like any harbour city of the age , domineted by a mercantile upper class and thus as long as krakow did n't interfere in their trade , they were ok with being ruled from there . 
  one of the benefits of a society based on estates , i guess . 
  if we base our borders on 10th century ehtnic distributions , germany has a whole lot of * recovering * to do . 
  a large part of the upper nobility of czarist russia was of german origin , even several czars had a big chunk of german blood in them ( catherine was a minor noble in prussia before she became , well , one of the most influential rulers in russian history ) . 
  it is almost like the german nobles , unable to build a state in germany because of the clusterfuck that was the holy roman empire , went to russia to build a state there . 
  we still have cores , no need to fabricate a casus belli !, 
  if i recall correctly , they put them in amphoras and shot them at enemy vessels . 
  the amphoras would break upon impact and release the snakes . 
   they believe the snake may well have been introduced to sicily in ancient times , when the island was colonised by the greeks . 
  so it 's an invasive species that needs killing . 
  exactly this . 
  after the collapse of the ottomans in ww1 , the arabs finally wanted to become independent , not to be governed from some distant city that did n't care about them . 
  only to quickly fall under the rule of completely different distant cities . 
  i 'm also pretty certain that this is a good part of the reason why islamic terrorism is mainly directed the anglo - and francosphere . 
  we partition , k ? 
  and also , in the case of a solid sphere , would take more energy to construct than it could theoretically harvest . 
   it seems like they crossed at most 3/5 of it . 
  so did the confederate states , and look how that ended for them . 
  we in germany call that `` lebensraum '', 
  you see , prussia and silesia were just hugging congress poland !, 
  and nicer borders . 
  reclaim ismail and 10/10 borders . 
  that 's what happens when you embargo non-rivals . 
  i want them to be independent so we can be the unquestioned hegemonial power in europe . 
   while we at it , please someone take saxonia , the whole strip is a disgrace to the rest of germany just resetle the population alla cross germany and fill the region with new people , roman style . 
  you know that interwar poland was n't a beacon of progress of freedom ? 
  for some reason people tend to forget that poland 1939 was an authoritarian regime , albeit one in it 's death throes after the death of pi\u0142sudski a few years earlier . 
  and instead of the authoritan elements being destroyed like what happened to us , afetr the war they painted themselves red and after the end of the ussr they now seek to get to power again . 
  do n't forget the lack of clear sucession procedures . 
  if you want a stable empire , make sure your sucession is secure or at least appears secure . 
  there 's a reason why china as an empire lasted a few thousand years , their `` mandate of heaven '' made it very easy to explain the violent change of rulers by the righteous will of the gods . 
  you know the abrams and the leo 2 are basically two versions of the same tank ? 
  our education system is a mess , though . 
  i for one just like how europe really seems to want to undo the beasts chains . 
  i think you wanted to say * goes on strike * , 
  since 1526 in a personal union under the archduchy of austria and then really part of austria proper since about the end of the 30yw . 
  and the habsburgs sat on the bohemian throne for a while longer already , there was even a bohemian-hungarian union for a while . 
  also after 1701 , while not * technically * a king-elector , the margraves of brandenburg also held the title of king in/of prussia . 
  something something habsburgs something something austria, 
  you can see the * proper * slovakian borders there . 
  that tower has a bit more history than just being huge . 
  that 's literally the premise of a polandball comic . 
  but as hamburger , he died just in thime to make carnival a bit less happy for all those rhinelanders . 
  only if we then get the low countries , france and switzerland . 
  fair trade , no ? 
  no , the nato is a defensive treaty . 
  but totally get into a spat with russia , we totally wont correct some borders in case you lose , promised . 
  [ that 's the most authantic castle along the rhine , the marksburg is the only fortification along the river that was never conquered and razed ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5e/marksburg.jpg ), 
  most of japan is sparsely populated mountains though , most of the population is concentrated along the coast . 
  it is easier to secure a timely connection between 2 huge cities than between 4 medium-sized cities . 
  well , some of them ended up in northern france and started a thing there . 
  maybe some got stuck in iberia as well , fighting berbers n ' stuff . 
  and perhaps some normans as they weere on their trip to constantinople ?
