  rather this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=256qrson4ss, 
  nah , we just learned after basically running the last two big wars on our own that allies are worthless and all combat units should be integrated into our army as soon as possible . 
  someone call the teutonic knights, 
  [ my try ] ( http://i.imgur.com/r9gzkdo.png ) i have over 2k hours in paradox games . 
  i was going on the angle that people went to america instead of fighting for their country/belief in europe . 
  no , i find the `` middle aged male refugees are cowards '' argument absolutely laughable , when the currently dominant superpower is pretty much the product of a whole bunch of middle aged male refugees . 
  the united states , a nation of cowards, 
  twice , once under napoleon i. from 1804-1815 ( disestablished in 1814 , re-established in 1815 for a short while ) and then again under napoleon iii . 
  from 1852-1870, 
  01_embassy_propose hak hak hak, 
  no no no , i 'm not blaming poles for anything ( if there even is someone to blame for germany 's territorial losses after ww2 that is n't the german people than it would be stalin ) . 
  but you know , being forced to abandon your home kind of sucks . 
  and as we as humans are rather unable to understand large-scale cause and effect , we love to use easily identifiable scapegoats . 
  in the case of expulsions and forced movement , it 's really easy to blame the people that moved into your old homes . 
  and so the people that had to flee from what was then eastern germany go `` those damned polacks took our homes ! '', 
  for the rest of their lives . 
  and as children up to a certain age just absorb everything their parents say like a sponge , the sons and daughters of the expulsed will also start to blame poles for their individual blight . 
  and the state too often just fails to combat the xenophobia injected into children by their parents , you end up with another generation of xenophobic idiots . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the simple fact that one of the biggest xenophobes in federal german politics is the former head of the association of expellees , erika steinbach . 
  and lets not forget that the right fringe of polish politics also loves to blame germany and russia for lots of things . 
  injustice , even merely perceived injustice , always leads to a victim complex further down the line when not combatted early and decisively . 
  i wonder how many of those germans are the children or grandchildren of the people expulsed from prussia , pommerania and silesia . 
  because why would you put something in motion that destroys your own manpower , ic and ressource production ? 
  population will rise slower as each city produces 1 less food because it is for * saumagen *, 
  i think the correct term here is `` crime against peace '' . 
  no , the ghosts there are the byzantines / s, 
  now if only the video had sound on my broken headphones :(, 
  it all returns to nothing, 
  the 30yw still has ww1 beat . 
  also , `` republic '' is quite bendable . 
  o7 tossed, 
   china and korea why would a country of 1.3 billion people seek confrontation with a country of 51 million ( for the south , the dprk is a non-factor ) that throughout history has often been a direct subject of them ? 
  there is no reason for them . 
   between japan and china divided by sea , and a lot of it . 
  naval invasions are a logistical nightmare and the us would have a word with china about attacking japan ,  russia and the usa mutually assured destruction  experts predicting a remain win , now you 've lost and you 're having a meltdown . 
  oh , i 'm highly satisfied with the result . 
  why ? 
  the existence of a more or less equal state directly bordering you , a state we have had significant differences with in the past nonetheless , is inacceptable . 
  should the eu ever collapse , and we thus lose the guarantee that the french wo n't turn their economy against us , we must go to war . 
  and we must go to war fast , as we must seek to fight it on our terms before they can fight it on theirs . 
  to whom ? 
   they shot themselves in the foot . 
  with a rocket launcher while standing on a landmine, 
   the goods they export will be more competitive . 
  too bad the uk has just decided to leave the world 's largest single market . 
  if the eu collapse i see no reason why we should n't go to war with france . 
  misisng scotland and northern ireland ;p, 
   france probably . 
  the netherlands , maybe finally germany . 
  you do n't seem to understand the purpose of the eu, 
   fourthly , to any brit who values their current wellbeing , i 'd implore you - buy gold and commodities - and lots of both . 
  the # is currently at a 30 year low and falling , if you value your family 's security , i 'd act fast , or else you may see your savings quickly become meaningless . 
  i guess the people who ca n't afford that are simply fucked ? 
  and wales because if you want to dismantle something you need to do it properly, 
  the pound sterling is dropping faster than the hms hood . 
  / r/soccer has actually adopted redditch united f.c. 
  a few years bacl, 
  you must admit , `` free and imperial city of london '' has a ring to it, 
  it was de jure still occupied by the allied powers . 
  it actually made going to west berlin the go-to way to avoid military service . 
  technically , west berlin was not part of the frg until 1990, 
  london new capital of scotland, 
  within 2 years if i recall correctly . 
  dude , how many national holidays do you have up there ? 
  hey , a cheap currency has it 's advantages , especially in export !, 
  and with the uk being part of the eu single market ... owait, 
  just take a look at their gdps . 
   the eu has problems , no doubt about it , but the solution is not to just leave and possibly watch it crumble . 
  well , if it crumbles . 
  with the uk out and france slowly rotting away from within , it leaves just one major european power in the eu , germany . 
  on the plus side , it solves the global energy crisis , churchill 's spinning coffin be praised . 
  hey , still better than having you country split by foreign powers . 
  not to mention asimov, 
  or slovenia, 
  was n't it actually that the soldiers in congo were only to use bullets on rebelious natives and present vut off hands as evidence for killing a native with their spent bullets ? 
  off course the soldiers also liked to hunt and shit and just cut off hands so that the authorities would not get suspicious . 
  need that in ets asap, 
  so ... free city under authority of the united nations ? 
  those are always fun . 
  in their own little world , they probably think they are moderates and everyone else is a leftist madman determiend to destroy european culture, 
  stop using the term ` nation ' when not talking about nations argh argh argh argh argh, 
  tell that to the southern netherlands . 
   albanians there is actually a albanian ethnicity in southern italy that fled there when the balkans were conquered by the ottomans . 
  and let 's not forget that the pommeranians ( and probably most other rural populations in eastern germany ) are literally slavs that started speaking german a few centuries back . 
  on top of that , we could n't even define ourselves by religious lines like i.e. 
  the netherlands did eventually , as the reformation went right through germany . 
  the original definition of `` german '' was a germanic person that did n't migrate to other territories during the migration period , as i.e. 
  the what are now french and english did . 
  running into the slavic `` problem '' as the ethnical border between the germanics and slavs after the migration period was basically the elbe and the ore mountain/b \u00f6hmerwald . 
  during the `` ostsiedlung '' people then from the crowded cities along the rhine and danube migrated into the east , leading the the germanification of the local populaces . 
  the northern crusades then led to the slavs and baltics on the coast slowly becoming germans - prussians in fact . 
  as such , the ethnic definition of the german nation is absolutely bogus . 
  which leaves only the language definition - `` deutsch ist wer deutsch spricht '' , `` german is who speaks german '' . 
  anybody who lives in germany and speeks german either as their language of birth or their primary language is a german . 
  also potato . 
  northern germany ( and northern europe in general ) is pretty shitty for grain ( nowadays less because of fertilizers and resistent strains and whatnot ) , and thus the population was pretty tiny for most of the early modern period . 
  berlin was around 10-20k for most of the time if i recall correctly . 
  then we found out that the potato is awesome food , and a resilient plant as well , and suddenly it ebcame much easier for the peasantry to get their calory intake and the population just exploded . 
  there is a reason why the traditional `` potato countries '' like estonia , latvia , ireland and ( northern ) germany are all , well , relatively cool and up north . 
  well , it got renamed in 1923 .
