  is that the global number of specimens or just the local population ? 
  ( un ) fortunately for cows , the fact they are domesticated it the only reason their species has n't gone extinct millenia ago . 
  i would argue for a free and independent kurdistan , sea access for armenia and an international zone on the bosporus . 
  shall syria chose the right side , they shall be rewarded with antakya . 
  greece shall receive the turkish aegean islands . 
  cyprus shall be reunited . 
  surplus turkish industrial facilities shall be transferred to countries in need, 
  germania irredenta !, 
  dressed like this , she is outright asking for partitioning / s, 
  oh sweet summer child , may i introduce you to the beatiful idea of irredentism ? 
  if either france or germany leave the eu , we will see a war we ca n't even imagine now within the next few decades . 
  let 's hope the colonial tension in the baleares does n't lead to a diplomatic crisis . 
   german candidate elected , i wish i was kidding , that 's the summary of this title . 
  see , your government is rational . 
  even they realize that danzig is rightful german clay / s, 
  existence is nothing but the desperate struggle against obliteration . 
  i know . 
  i find it highly entertaining how many people think that france would 've become anglified should england have won the hyw . 
  considering population , diplomatic standing and cultural significance more likely than not the reverse would 've happened , especially if the plantagenets would 've won quickly . 
  the hre went to shit with the great interregnum, 
  remember those times when half of france decided the english king was cooler guy ? 
  medieval realms = states my ass, 
  bohemia was elevated to the status of kingdom in the mid-11th century iirc, 
  more like the ototmans were the byzantines of the early ( and not-so-early ) modern age . 
  sultan of rum = third rome . 
  a few years ago , when i gazed upon a map of europe i saw many countries . 
  now i see a continent in open rebellion against its rightful imperial overlord . 
  the mongols still in their steppes, 
  those sweet natural borders of france . 
  technically , the holocaust played absolutely no part in ww2 . 
  france and uk joined over poland , ussr because of barbarossa , us because of pearl harbor . 
  no country initially took up arms over the treatment of minorities in germany . 
  europe first !, 
  europe first !, 
  europe first !, 
  europe first !, 
  europe first !, 
  and then everything went to shit . 
  soldier in the 22nd tank division which was nearly completely destroyed and thus disbanded during the battle of stalingrad . 
  oh look , latvia , estonia and lithuania came in bottom 3 and russia won . 
  they can have schleswig if they in return become a bundesland . 
  do n't , else he would realise that j\u00fctland looks better in whatever color germany is . 
   was n't perfect , but for 1920 it was pretty much as amicable as it got . 
  the german-danish borders is the * one * redrawing of borders at versailles that hitler had no plan of rverting . 
  faschisten ? 
  i call them `` disgusting '', 
  did n't you know ? 
  americans eat their cornflakes not with milk , . 
  but with finest petroleum . 
  i just remember those combining spaceships and an episode where they encountered a sleeper-ship that was `` overtaken '' by more advanced craft over the course of its journey . 
  nothing else really stuck :(, 
  the one thing i distinctly remember from that show is a couple of wedge-shaped ships combining to fire a planet-destroying laser or something . 
  and then two decades later he was the most powerful person in german television, 
  best kids show in the world, 
  so you like german cities ? 
  that looks ... relatively intact , all things considered . 
  probably helped that the wehrmacht was already in total collapse when the soviety reached germany proper . 
  there are also the * verbandsgemeinden * in rhineland-palatine and saxony-anhalt, 
  no need for the / s to me , dutch is far more intelligible ( at least in spoken words ) than swiss is . 
  the problem would be finding one . 
  the eu contains national languages from 7 different families ( germanic , romance , slavic , greek , semitic [ maltese ] , baltic and uralic ) , with prominent sub-national languages from at least three more ( celtic , turkish , and whatever the basques belong to linguistically ) . 
  you can not use any already existing language within the union , all other members would see it as that country trying to make the eu its personal influence sphere . 
  also , you can not use any conlangs that still lean heavily on existing language families , like the germano-roman-slavic esperanto . 
  i must admit that i personally dislike them for being this absolutely synthetic , only centuries of evolution give language its colour . 
  we need something else , something that has no close connection to any already existing language in europe . 
  because believe me , an universal european secondary language will soon become the primary language . 
  their country , their rules . 
  finest paradox strategies . 
  make your allies do the bleeding , have yourself do the taking . 
  true , the baltic prussians ceased to exist ( or rather started talking german and started to call themselves `` preu\u00dfen '' and started to dislike their former brethren ) , but the prussian dialects of german also went extinct when the east was seized by the soviets . 
  luckily , at least those dialects made it into the era when we had started to record languages . 
  can we ask the french if they wan na swap for elsass ? 
  i think we have n't quite seen a destruction as thorough as that of k\u00f6nigsberg in europe for centuries , the last i can think of is the sack of novgorod by ivan the terrible , and even that left novgorod around . 
  even the turkification of constantinople was in the end a gradual process . 
  the best comparision is probably the period when entire villages left for the new world in the 19th century . 
  only that k\u00f6nisgberg was a city of like 300k inhabitants are so and did n't leave on its own volition . 
  while most cities suffered greatly during ww2 , it was mostly `` just '' physical destruction . 
  while amsterdam , cologne , warsaw and stalingrad lay in ruins , the people of these cities still largely persisted and sooner or later returned . 
  in k\u00f6nigsberg , this never happened . 
  after the prussians were expelled , prussia went extinct . 
  their language and culture was washed away as the refugees from the east were distributed all over germany and thus relatively quickly assimilated into the local cultures . 
  k\u00f6nigsberg is not only gone because it was turned into ash , it is gone because the people that once called k\u00f6nigsberg home were gone . 
  1688 best year ? 
  k\u00f6nigsberg does not exist anymore . 
  it descended into fire in 1945 and kaliningrad is merely a new city built on the same location . 
  this map shows perfectly why the swedish empire faltered but prussia and russia managed to withstand . 
  cough, 
  1792 conquered in the war of the first coalition by the french republic, 
  the romans * literally * called you germania inferior who 's the imnferior one here ? 
  shut up island germany, 
  a partition that is yet to happen . 
  today they take your national dishes , tomorrow they 'll sack rome, 
  i think you mean `` northern germany '', 
  show me a river that flows uphill, 
  wrong china is fake country . 
  true china is real country . 
  `` inferior '' here refers to geography . 
  as in `` low countries '' or `` netherlands '' . 
  flat , low-lying coasts and river valleys in contrast to the highlands of germania superior . 
  the romans never took over the full island , at their best they pushed to about the modern england/scotland border .
