  ebtween 1453 and 1923 it was `` konstantiniyye '' . 
  there is no reason to not include constantinople . 
  and then the potato came . 
  because they are superior . 
  northern indians are aryans , after all . 
  while we actually live in the same state for the last 145 years . 
   every one of them being stronger than you are except france, 
  more northern = more superior ? 
  would certainly explain why bavarians are so eh . 
  this is why the war would have to be decided swift and decisively . 
  and while it would never happen , unless a government ends up run by people with the intelligence equivalent of 6-year olds . 
  [ tom scott did a video on it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4kzlcvmqwg ), 
  any party involved attacking the other over gibraltar would be foolish , as both countries are nato members . 
  and as gibraltar is north of the tropic of cancer the attacked party could simply call in the rest of nato as per article 5 . 
  neither the uk nor spain would last long against the combined might of nato . 
  the villainy of the dutch-nordic axis shall never be forgiven nor forgotten . 
  it would 've been doubly trolly though . 
  on the one hand , white is the colour of surrender ( french eating surrender monkeys and all that ) , but it was also a prominent colour of the ancien regime . 
  efficient . 
  i like it !, 
  you need to apply for schengen membership to do that . 
  so , life begins at birth ? 
  we will not go quietly into the night !, 
  we will not vanish without a fight !, 
  we 're going to live on !, 
  we 're going to survive !, 
  we shall fight them at the beaches , we shall fight them at the landing grounds , we shall fight in the fields in the fields , and in the streets , and in the hills . 
  we shall never surrender . 
  lets those lazy italians make pay denbts, 
  yes , they did expand west . 
  [ but mexico was huge ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/64/mexico%27s_territorial_evolution.png ) and how far they would go is also dubious . 
  there would be no lousiana purchase , and spain might claim the territory after the napoleonic wars . 
  i doubt manifest destiny would have occured if the us had remained part of the uk . 
  so the `` us '' would 've remained weaker in this timeline . 
  still an absolute superpower though . 
  although i wonder if something like portugal during napoleon would 've happened during ww2 . 
  what of the term `` freie und reichsstadt '' do you not understand ? 
  creating independent cities is a great political prank that leads to hilarious hijinks . 
  conflict over ohio . 
  germany will have your back britian , for old time 's sake . 
  vice-royalty of france i like the ring of that . 
  that 's russia 's job, 
  til , thanks . 
  then again , the polish government-in-exile had about as much political power as one of churchills grand-nephews , if he had any . 
  or , come to think of it , even if he had none . 
  neither the government in-exile of the second polish republic nor the communist government in lublin spoke out against the transfer of territories . 
  thus the polish state is complicit . 
  annexation ( latin ad , to , and nexus , joining ) is the political transition of land from the control of one entity to another . 
  in the late middle ages the islands were owned by the kingdom of aragon , through the political union of house trastamara they then fell to de-facto-spain . 
  the spanish then gifted the territory to the knights of the order of st. john after their former base of operations in rhodes fell to the turks . 
  from there , the last of the crusader states continued to harass turkish shipping in the mediterranean for the next few centuries . 
  the reign of the knights came to an end when a certain ambitious french general by the name of bonaparte stopped by on his way to egypt . 
  after the coalition wars , the islands were owned by britain , and were an important part of britain 's mediterranean ambitions . 
  it was a constant thorn in the acis ' side during ww2 , and while hotly contested the allies were able to hold on to the islands . 
  then they became independent some year . 
  those sauropods are so wrong it hurts . 
  ^ the american school system on display . 
  birds are still the by far most diverse groups of tetrapods . 
  10,000 species is nowadays an overly conservative measurement ( modern go to like 20,000-30 ,000 bird species ) . 
  compared to mammals with 5,500 species . 
  checkmate , synapsids . 
  how many people were there in brazil when they split from portugal ? 
  they might come close . 
   never has a majority ( flanders ) declared independence from a minority ( wallonia ) . 
  well , india kinda did . 
  full militarism prussian monarchy checking in, 
  thus salzburgian . 
  it can not . 
  he was a salzburgian . 
  do it again !, 
  and suddenly greece is fine with their nothern neighbour calling itself macedonia, 
  let 's sue france for napoleon . 
  merely the monarchy . 
  the state itself exists to this day . 
  them were my blunder years . 
  also , ww1 did n't destroy germany . 
  we still remained the strongest country in europe after that ignoring overseas possessions . 
  it 's in the balkans , so who cares ? 
  visigoths, 
  yes , it was under ottoman rule , but rather autonomous nonetheless . 
  should n't egypt by coloured diffrently ? 
  while it was * de jure * direct part of the ottoman state , constantinople never managed to truly break the power of the mamluks . 
  only a serb deals in absolutes . 
  also , if poland would have focussed on the west there would have been a rather nice chance that it would have eventually become a habsburg realm . 
  ca n't stop those chins to spread on every throne they find . 
  poland tried to establish a pu with sweden for a bit , so they tried at least . 
  still no contender to the supreme sexiness that was interwar romania . 
  iirc , this already began to tilt with the death of pilsudski in 35 . 
  of course there are . 
  germany was the only country were `` de-nazification '' was put through , and even here the result were ... middling . 
  in the east though ? 
  the high-ranking collaborateurs were purged because it looked good , the low-ranking collaborateurs were purged because who cares about them ? 
  the middle-management of the genocidal machine though ? 
  those were * useful * . 
  [ do n't pretend there were n't a lot of poles that also loathed the existence of the jews ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kielce_pogrom ) actually kinda dumb from the nazis to do the holocaust themselves . 
  rile up the right people across all of europe and ta-da , instead of german deathcamps in occupied poland you 'd have polish death camps , dutch death camps and so on . 
  that 's the funny thing , for all their talk about the `` endsieg '' with their actions the nazis probably did racism the greatest disservice ever . 
  you do n't exactly bring people over to your side by occupying their country . 
  the aurochs is the exactly same species as cattle . 
  : aurochs : bos primigenius primigenius cattle : bos primigenius taurus zebu : bos primigenius indicus,
