  `` we only achieved 35 % of the five year plan in the first four years , time to make up the difference ! '', 
  * whip cracks *, 
  i 'm still surprised he has n't used those bomb attacks a few weeks back as his reichstags fire act . 
  ah yes , our former colonies . 
  good old days they were . 
  is n't denmark actually derived from the danish march of the holy roman empire ? 
  marches were fortified border regions in feudal societies designed to slow down advancing enemies to allow the areas further inland to mobilize their forces . 
  the most prominent german march is probably the mark brandenburg . 
  funnily enough , the danish march was designed to keep the danes * out * . 
  i think it 's more likely that the name gelderland is older than the german-dutch split that occured during the late middle ages and early modern period , until the duke of burgundy gobbled up most of the netherlands the area was just as decentralised as the rest of germany , and through inheritances and wars the city of geldern might have left the posession of nobles who would later become the dutch . 
  geldern itself was part of the duchy of cleves until the local dynasty went extinct and the territory was split between brandenburg-prussia and bavaria . 
  the last modification of borders there was prussia losing acess to the meuse in 1815 . 
  time of migration mate . 
  the burgundians were somewhere along the modern german-ploish border before the huns came knocking if i remember correctly . 
  arranged marriages were common in europe up until the 19th century at least . 
  here in germany it was goethe who ( involuntarily ) popularized the idea of choosing a partner because you love them . 
  austria colonized bohemia and hungary , duh . 
  because those people are germans , in the sense of the guys who hung around in germania during the age of the romans . 
  they 're our bros. 
  they were n't exactly destroyed , they were subjugated and became under the dependence of poland . 
  later the hochmeister converted to protestantism and the remaining lands of the teutonic order became the duchy of prussia . 
  when the local hohenzollern line of rulers died out in 1618 the area fell under the ownership ( although still being a fiefdom of poland ) of the brandenburgian hohenzollerns , and the rest is history . 
  hungarians were never part of europe , they came to us . 
  just a small taste of what we would one day unleash upon the world . 
  so great britain doomed france to be consumed by the infinite might of jan mayen ? 
  thus bear was clearly a spy sent to fabricate some claims . 
  the bear has landed . 
  maybe a more competent political far-right figure would have grabbed power and we would have won ww2 . 
  * not killing hitler in 1923 saved the world a lot of trouble . 
  so , invade poland as per the ancient traditions of our people , and then partition ukraine as per the same traditions to get a corridor to moldovia . 
  the moltke in ww1 was the infinitely less competent nephew of the moltke of the unification wars . 
  welll , austria and hungary did n't really join together , the austrians just led the charge against the turks and due to the habsburgs previously holding the throne of hungary , could formulate a good claim on the conquered territory . 
  britain losing their empire ? 
  how would germany challenge british naval superiority with no fleet to match them ? 
  sure , france would lose it 's colonial realm , but britian would have come out relatively unscathed i presume . 
  that 's jan mayens thing . 
  the colours of post-revolution france are derived from the red and blue of the city of paris and the blue and white associated with france . 
  are n't red and yellow bars generally common along the mediterranean coast from catalonia to nice ? 
  he was , as columbus was italian . 
  but starting a colonial empire requires ressources only a decently large-ish political entity can provide . 
  many small states , from brunswick to brandenburg-prussia to even tiny kurland tried to set up colonies , but none of them had lasting sucess - in the end it were only the large economies of england , france , spain , portugal and the netherlands that succeded . 
  there was no unified italy in the period , just some small republics and duchies , the pope and you in the south . 
  also italy 's position hardly favours overseas expansion , as long as you have to go through the straight of gibraltar your empire can be strangled . 
  yeah , i know . 
  is n't there the saying that the people in eupen-malmedy are the only true belgians apart from the king himself ? 
  i also got the gist . 
  central germanic language family for the win !, 
  motivation : kurds do n't like turks . 
  turks are allied with us-capitapigs . 
  we should support the kurds !, 
  perfect , some people to take . 
  no current flag comes even the quaternion eagle of the holy roman empire . 
  * sup dog , i heard you like flags so we put a flag in your flag so you can represent stuff while representing stuff * https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5b/quaterionenadler_david_de_negker.svg, 
  try since 1950 at least . 
  algeria was a dirty , dirty affair . 
  ( thanks a lot for reliefing us from our colonial empire so we did n't had to undergo decolonization , by the way ), 
  meanwhile in germany : all black coal mining operations ( with a whole two remaining ) will cede in 2018 with the end of government subventions . 
  snow for the snow clones !, 
  portugal part of crown of all spains gib back lisboa castille stronk remove braganca filth, 
  postpone it for 2 years to hit the 500 year anniversary . 
  also , which state rebels into independence 50 years prior ? 
  kurdistan maybe ? 
  tbf , the 30 years war was just like a party invitation on fb were you forgot to set proper privacy settings and some guys you never knew invited themselves . 
  there 's a danziger stra\u00dfe , the school i went to was located there . 
  the main streat of my home town is still called ` wilhelmstra\u00dfe ' , while a borough , connected to the main street by the short `` bismarckstra\u00dfe '' , has names like `` schlesien-stra\u00dfe '' , `` sudetenstra\u00dfe '' , `` k\u00f6nigsberger stra\u00dfe '' , and the `` westpreu\u00dfen - '' and `` ostpreu\u00dfen-stra\u00dfe '' . 
  apparently we kind of forgot to rename that shit . 
  i mean , why pretend that there is any chance that crimea will be returned to ukraine ? 
  there really is n't . 
  had the mongols already converted by the time they attacked the rus ? 
  i would completely support a romanian annexation of bessarabia ( including the coastal ukrainian part ) on the ground that it would make european borders much nicer to look at . 
  then hungarians are n't european . 
  i do n't want some * horse people * in my europe . 
  to be fair , in russias case the muslims did n't come to russia as much as russia came to them . 
  top kek even, 
  the gdr anthem was , hands down , better . 
  just to appease the prussians . 
  limburg was a important strategic location in europe , and the prussians were still kind of salty that they lost their posessions in gueldre at vienna . 
  when belgium and the netherlands split , limburg was put in the confederation to keep berlin happy . 
  it was n't part of it when it was founded in 1915 . 
  and never part of the kingdom of germany . 
  the holy roman empire mk ii under otto first started as a union between germany and italy and quickly also added bohemia ( back then still a duchy ) and burgundy to the fold . 
  bohemia became a kingdom in the 12th century , but as bohemia was not part of germany the king of bohemia was still subject to the emperor in his role as emperor ( whereas the german lords were subjects to him through his kingship , while the people in his local realm were subjects by whichever other title he held ) . 
  there were no kingdoms on german soil when the hre was still a thing , as the emperor was also king of germany , and thus all german nobles were his subjects and could thus not have a rank as high as him . 
  brandenburg-prussia cheated by prussia not being within the hre , within the empire the hohenzollers were * de jure * only margraves of brandenburg . 
  only when the empire died a bunch of kingdoms spring up on german soil . 
  and yes , the hre was decentralized as hell , but that 's feudalism for you . 
  the hre just never moved away from feudalism . 
  austria was a member of the german confederation , in fact it 's leader ( the confederation was basically a hre with less crowns ) . 
  prussia just picked up industrialization far quicker than the habsburgs , and kicked them out to form germany ( in order to not be one day be swept away by german nationalism itself ) . 
  the german nationalists of the time actually wanted austria ( and bohemia for some reason , probably better borders ) to be part of an unified german state , but the political situation in europe prevented this dream from becoming a reality . 
  kingdom of germany ( sometime 9th century -1805 ) , german confederation ( 1815-1866 ) austria = true german clay, 
  gib back austria pls ? 
  is n't nasa gon na hold a pc concerning mars today as well ? 
  let 's see who one-ups who . 
  it does look very important to the big corporations . 
  if any political leader loses the support of the economic leaders , he 's done for . 
  trump 's not that stupid hopefully , and if he is he wo n't last very long anyway . 
  no , as per article 42 ( 7 ) of the treaty of lisbon , the eu treats an agressive act against any member as an agression against all members . 
  and as most eu members are central pillars of nato , this would also trigger this casus foederis , forcing the us to enter the war - lest their last century of foreign policy is for naught . 
  as long as you are part of the eu , you are fine .
