iran can not , they are majority shiite . 
  all the problematic regions of the muslim world are sunni , and a sunni would hardly accept a shiite telling him what to do . 
  the best bet in my opinion would be a pro-european regime change in turkey which then annexes everything down to mekka . 
  the region was stable when some big empire ( byzantium , caliphate , ottomans , european colonial powers ) held it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:wars_involving_the_holy_roman_empire for a realm that existed for nearly 900 years , not that many . 
  sure , miltary might has never been an allmighty cure , and never will be . 
  and militarism is indeed a cancer ( oh germany of 1871 , why did you need to fall to it ? ) . 
  but we live in a time where military action is hardly considered , and when actual war ensues it often ends worse for * everyone * involved . 
  in pre-nationalist europe those wars were kind of rare , nations often had very specific goals and tried to reach a peace agreement once their goals were met or could no longer be fulfilled . 
  the only war that 's on the sheer level of incompetence than the actions of this millenium is the 30 years war . 
  and when a state fails militarily so hard that it collapses , it * is * weak . 
  war is merely the continuation of diplomacy , not the only way a state can exert influence . 
  i mean , the habsburgs basically fucked themselves into great power status . 
  when the mughals fell to religious intolerance and overt expansionism , they collapsed in a frightenly fast time . 
  when imperial germany went hurr durr reichwehr , they paid dearly , when germany went hurr durr wehrmacht and extermination , they were * crushed * . 
  because the old empire was n't a nation . 
  it encompassed germans , dutch , czechs , italians , french and various minor slavic peoples . 
  ( to be fair , it was n't a state either ), 
  the italian states were rich and could thus field large mercenary armies , and played the major powers around them like fiddles . 
  once europe looked elsewhere for riches , to america , africa and india , italy withered away . 
  oh no , i 'm critisizing the nationstate from a very different direction . 
  the enforcted tyranny of the `` self-determination of peoples '' makes us , as a species , weak . 
  states are not allowed to be reliefed from the pain of their existence , and millions upon millions suffer for it ( see : somalia , iraq , zimbabwe and so on ) . 
  back in the day , states who were failing were simply absorbed by their neighbours , i.e. 
  when poland ceased to get anything done it was eaten by it 's neighbours within a few decades - this is how the world must work . 
  science and arts can only prosper when the state is strong . 
  when the state is weak , the people are weak . 
  thus , weak states can not be permitted to exist . 
  let this period of small nations come to an end and usher a new age of empires . 
  at the same time , the concept of the nation state still needs to die as soon as possible . 
  actually the dish originates in turkey as a plate dish . 
  it was just a turk in berlin who got the idea to put it into a piece of bread . 
  you savage brutes, 
  something something mughals . 
  the brits only rode on their tail . 
  evolution , mate . 
  of course it was . 
  if poland would have fucking given back danzig , there would n't have been a war . 
  and found it appropiate to shit-talk a group of students . 
  true class , as expected . 
  austrians are germans in my opinion . 
  austrians are closer to bavarians than bavarians to let 's say people in schleswig , so i see no reason why austrians should n't be considered germans . 
  the divisions between germany and austria pretty much only exists because the habsburgs really wanted to play empire for a little longer . 
  but yeah , germany and the netherlands share a starnge relationship . 
  on the one hand i wish you would finally start to properly pronounce your words , on the other hand there are few things as charming as someone speaking german with a dutch dialect . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ ^ ^ even ^ ^ ^ ^ get ^ ^ ^ ^ us ^ ^ ^ ^ started ^ ^ ^ ^ on ^ ^ ^ ^ football, 
   during most of the time the dutch states were part of the hre , they acted pretty much like independent states ( the counts of holland even openly warred against the emperor at times , without any real repercussions ) ; and like the italian states that were part of the hre could never really be described as german . 
  that 's feudalism for you . 
  feudal systems were always unstable and prone to internal conflicts . 
  for example the first kingdom of poland kind of decided that it would no longer be a united entity , and it took like 2 centuries for the poles to put themselves together ( and even then only with help from lithuania ) . 
  the hre just decided to basically remain a feudal domain until the 19th century , even when the dukes and kings started to centralize their own domains . 
   rheinlanders would have been nothing like people from vorpommern , who would be nothing like the people from bavaria . 
  and yet those are now proper germans . 
  in fact most of northern germany spoke plattdeutsch ( nederduits in dutsch ) from the dutch border to the elbe , a language which is highly similar to dutch . 
   the language started developing during the frankish kingdoms era ( the franks originated in the netherlands ) , and by the 9th century ( before the hre even existed ) the dutch language can be firmly seen to exist as its own seperate thing . 
  as were saxon , bavarian , alsatian and so on and so forth . 
  in fact , a person in northwestern germany ( like let 's say the bishopric of m\u00fcnster ) would have had a much harder time understanding bavarian than understanding dutch . 
  and a knight crusading in riga would n't understand any of them . 
  tha thing is that the modern `` germans '' are a almost hilariously heterogenous collection of people who the prussians told to speak the same language . 
  ( which we compensated by going full nationalism ) but that is a general problem with `` germans '' - do you mean the guys who drove the romans back past the rhine , the guys who build an empire of their own or the guys that tried to roll over europe twice . 
  all of them could be called `` germans '' , but they do n't have that much to do with each other . 
  depending on the definition , you could make a good point for portugal and spain being states of german descendance ( the visigoths were germans ) . 
  without any sort of doubt , the dutch people are the modern germans closest brothers culturally . 
  were n't the flemings culturally very close to the dutch , though ? 
  when the dutch fell slowly out of the grasp of the hre , with french/burgundian influence in the region , the flemings left as well . 
  the entire netherlandic culture bloc , which had traditionally been german , moved away from what we nowadays call germans because the hre failed . 
  and while the hre was not germany ( it was rather germany + + ) , it had always been german-centric . 
  because before the old german nation fragmented due to the failing hre in the late middle ages and early modern age , you were german . 
  from what i hear from certain french people , i would happily march into france again , and this time we should not be as merciful as 1871 or 1940 . 
  but mali got many monies from gold mines . 
  and poles !, 
  a whole 10 ? 
  do n't overextend yourself there , poland !, 
  the thing is , afghanistan never started a war on anyone . 
  migrants are responsible for the partition of the kingdom of hungary by the allied powers in 1918 !, 
  actually , ff wanted to reform the habsburg monarchy in a constutional federal monarchy akin to the [ united states of greater austria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_of_greater_austria ) oops . 
  no , that what actually happened in 1871 . 
  we proudly walked into alsace thinking we would be greeted as heroes having freed them from the french . 
  instead we occupied hostile territory for almost 40 years . 
  oops . 
  show me where i claim that france has been imperialist over alsace . 
  the last time they have been was when they started exterminating the alsatian languages after 1918 . 
  the german-french and german-polish borders are the only borders i 'm totally fine with actually , as an imperialist . 
  i suspect it has to do that after the end of the ottomans and the rise of oil saudi-arabia became the dominant sunni state and spread their very orthodox wahhabism interpretation of islam through the world . 
  iran/persia has always been a important power in the region , but due to their religious isolation they have a rather difficult time exerting their influence . 
  remember that during history islam as a whole had the tendency to be more tolerant than christianity , even well into the enlightenment . 
  the problem is that we gave religious power of the near east to a bunch of inbred goat herders . 
  if we would build up any of the more western-influenced nations in the region ( basically anything that is not in arabia ) and crush the saudis , things might turn around in a few decades . 
  the alsatians are very , very proud citizens of the grand\u00e9 nation . 
  even back in 1871 when the germans thought they had freed their compatriots from their tyrannical french overlords , the soon found out that the alsatians despite not speaking french , saw themselves as french . 
  the whole reichsland turned into a rather ugly affair , with the authorities fearing a pro-french uprising and thus discriminating against alasatians . 
  ( see : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saverne_affair ) ( still , could france please finally come around to signing the european charter for regional and minority languages ? ), 
  herp derp american sheme to neutralie european power . 
  independent alsace ? 
  would n't the independence of catalonia throw the spanish economy in utter chaos ? 
  would n't that hit the banks really , really hard ? 
  do n't the spanish clubs have massive debts ? 
  el clasico would be the least thing i worry about if i were a fan of spanish football . 
  because austria-hungary worked so well the last time . 
   central america is n't the same thing as south america : dari\u00e9n gap still refugees will always go the way of least resistance .
