  it was poor because there were forests . 
  stretching from the rhine to the urals , more or less . 
  `` europe '' had not yet seen any prior civilisations that tamed the land , the prosperity of the mediterranean was only partly the romans , mostly they just reaped what the carthaginians , egyptians , persians , greeks and so own had sown . 
  only cdlxxvi kids will remember . 
  iceland is running into massive problems with top soil erosion if i recall correctly . 
  the island was actually covered in forests when the norsemen first landed on its shores , but those trees became houses and longships with a few exception , and centuries of farming ruined the soil . 
  but ... the esa is n't even an eu organ . 
  it is something comnpletely seperate , even though the eu is a largwer funder . 
  empires do n't ( usual\u00f6ly ) fall to external invasion , they fall to internal rot . 
  if you start asking a hamburger about oktoberfest i suspect he might try to drown you in the binnenalster . 
  tbf , i would n't be surprised if russia gets messy once putin is no more . 
  yes , we also have a stark regional divide , but less so between `` rural '' and `` urban '' ( although there is still a divide there ) , and moreso between west and east . 
  the gdr kinda forced their industry to ignore the shift of heavy industry to high-tech/service that started in europe in the 70s or so . 
  the east is currently going through the same problems the ruhr was going through in the 80s and 90s . 
  and while the ruhr has largely recovered nowadays , the east is still re-structuring . 
  northrhine-westphalia is ranking 6th in gdp per capita , and 4th when ignoring the city-states ; a gdp/cap of 32.883 $ . 
  they are bound to recover in time , well except brandenburg and mecklenburg-vorpommern , they are the most rural and will thus remain behind . 
  the thing is , urbanisation is a irreversible trend , and has been going on in europe for centuries now . 
  but while germany could keep it in check for a bit by being at first politically divided and then having only a few trule metropolei that just blot out everything around them , france has paris ( and to a lesser extend the other urban areas ) suck the countryside dry of talent . 
  thus nobody , be it the government or companies , will invest in the countryside and instead focus on the cities were all the young people live . 
  thus the aging rural populations that are of course smart enough were their village or small town is going ( into extinction ) , are rather grumbly and begin voting for parties such as fn . 
  but spoilers : they wo n't and ca n't change a thing . 
  yes , but paris being well , a giant blob of minmax in the middle of france is a problem . 
  because were will the politicians put the money ? 
  were the people are - they are mandated to do so . 
  the more people from the countryside move to paris , the more important paris becomes . 
  the more important paris becomes , the more people move the paris . 
  and thus paris becomes more important . 
  it 's a self-reinforcing cycle . 
  paris is a mosquito that sucks the country dry . 
  ( i 'd actually love to see how the wealth distribution of france has developed in the last decade or two , if money moved in the metropol-areas or if money moved out ) . 
  i mean , the same thing is what 's happening in the us ( only on a much , much grander and also far more extreme scale ) and the country is going to shit because of it . 
   france and germany are very different that way . 
  france became an actual homogenous country at the end of the middle ages whereas germany became what it is today only roughly 150 years ago . 
  france had 500 years to develop a central culture revolving around a leading clique that would have its root in province but whose sole ambition was to live as close as possible to the royal court . 
  yes , and this is the problem . 
  after the hyw the french king mostly curtailed the nobility , which allowed him to levy taxes over a massive area . 
  those taxes then largely flew to what was truly important to the kingdom : the capital and mayor ports . 
  in the meanwhile , germany was divided in many small fiefdoms that told the central authority to get the **** out . 
  on a much smaller scale , these states worked much the same like france however . 
  get taxes from across your country to invest into the important parts ( speak : the capital ) . 
  sop while the french king put massive amounts of money into paris , bavaria out decent money into munich , saxony put decent money into dresden , prussia put decent money into berlin , all those small city states had nothing better to do than to make the city better . 
  [ and thus france and germany look very different ] ( http://imgur.com/8rhd2p9 ) in france you see the big blob that is paris , lyon , bordeaux and many port cities . 
  in germany you see loads of urban areas , none nearly as large as paris but in total much more than in france . 
  stuttgart , capital of w\u00fcrttemberg . 
  munich , capital of bavaria . 
  n\u00fcrnberg , longtime independent citystate . 
  mainz , capital of the arch-bishopric of mainz . 
  frankfurt , city state . 
  hamburg and bremen , city states . 
  berlin , capital of prussia . 
  madgeburg , capital of the archbishopric . 
  dreseden , capital of saxony . 
  hanover , capital of brunswick-hannover and later hannover . 
  funnily , the one area in germany were you see low population density is what was once the core of brandenburg ( and thus prussia ) , the largest german state that was n't austria and thus the one most similar to france . 
  tellingly , mecklenburg-vorpommern and brandenburg are also among the poorest federal states . 
  m-p being the one with the lowest gdp/capita and brandenburg at the third lowest . 
  not to question the validity of the piece , but does it take regional differences into account ? 
  while germany and france might seem similar economically , germany might appear `` prosperous '' because it is relatively de-centralized and just a large blanket of economic development stretching from the northern coasts to the alps . 
  meanwhile , france may appear to be `` declining '' due to it 's relatively centralized nature is much more heterogenous structurally . 
  so you might have booming cities while the rural areas are falling apart . 
  sadly i ca n't find any subnational population density maps for europe , but [ this document ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/4031688/5932080/ks-02-13-692-en.pdf ) seems to show some related statistics . 
  you can see paris being clearly ahead of the rest of france in gdp per capita , while in germany you have a rather homogenous region strecthing from the ruhr to munich ( as part of the [ blue banana ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blue_banana ) . 
  likewise , figure 2 shows france having huge swathes of `` rural regions '' while germany has a net of intermediate areas connecting the entire country . 
  and napoleon was like : `` yo poles , now that i gave you your freedom , could be please kill those guys that want freedom from me ? '', 
  ansbach = most useless pu ever, 
  mit dem transrapid nach london-heathrow, 
  i ca n't hear you over the cannons at leipzig and waterloo, 
  if you help us regain eupen-malmedy , we have a deal . 
  do n't forget free brittany, 
  the belgian dickery in africa did n't stop with the end of the congo free state . 
  just look what happened when the decolonized . 
  the belgian king at the time gave a full `` white man 's burden '' speech - he referred to belgian colonial rule as a `` civilising method '' ffs . 
  lumumba , the first prime minister of the congo , then held an [ unannounced speech ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/congolese_independence_speech ) in response . 
  that got king baldouin so pissy he ran to uncle ike , the americans saw that lumumba was a * gasp * socialist and thus moved to amend this grave threat to ~ ~ liberty ~ ~ american interests . 
  a year later lumumba was dead . 
  and you know who the belgians and us installed in the congo ? 
  the blueprint for every african dictator , ever ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mobutu_sese_seko ) the belgians also increased the split between the hutu and tutsi in rwanda ( ualthough we germans are far from innocent there either ) . 
  there are several competing theory on the origin of the hutu and tutsi , but what we knew is how the belgians decided how to determine of one was a hutu or a tutsi : if you owned cattled and looked a certain way , you were a tutsi , else a hutu . 
  #worst #colonizer #ever, 
  not effort , just approaching 3k hours of paradox games * i can stop any time i want *, 
  in the late middle ages belgium ( and parts of the netherlands ) were held by the duchy of burgundy , in fact so much that several dukes were more often in brussels or antwerp than in burgundy . 
  wallonia was rich , the richest region of europe and among the richest in the world then the duke died and the burgundian low countries went to austria . 
  then austria fell in a personal union under spain , and when the realms were quickly split again , the low countries remained with spain . 
  then the northern parts rebelled and eventually became the united provinces of netherlands , while the south remained with spain . 
  then the spanish netherlands went to austria again proto-belgium rebelled from the austrians during the revolutionary period , but the uprising was put down quickly france really wanted to partition the young state of belgium with prussia and the netherlands/uk belgium was one of the earliest industrialized states in the world , but as it was small it quickly fell behind once france and germany with their gigantic populations catched up belgium is the battlefield of europe . 
  the french and habsburgs fought their spats there , napoleon met his end at waterloo and belgium seemed to always be in the way when we were on our trip to paris . 
  few regions have seen as much bloodshed . 
  the french king louis xiv bombarded brussels during the war of the spanish sucession ( i think it was that war ) , something considered barbaric and brutal even by napoleon . 
  had they known what would come in the following centuries ... 
  there 's a city that a patchwork of belgian and dutch territory . 
  as a paradox player . 
  this triggers me deeply belgium was like the worst colonizer , ever . 
  and considering that we commited a genocide in namibia , this is saying * a lot * holy roman emperor charles v ( reigning in spain as king carlos i ) was raised in wallonia , his native language was french, 
  yes , but it is a language , and moved away from the rest of the germanic family because it became the nucleus of a fully independent state . 
  there is still [ meuse-rhenisch ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/meuse-rhenish ) , which is somewhat of a `` bridge '' between dutch and german . 
  in the middle ages , when things like `` nationality '' and `` state '' were muddy concepts at best , language was much more fluid than it is today . 
  this led to the rise of a family of related dialects along the rhine , which at the time was the most important traffic route north of the alps . 
  people had to communicate to faciliate commerce ( just like we have creole in the americas , the people had to communicate somehow and languages happily borrowed and combined with each other ) . 
  over time however the netherlands began to split from the rest of the empire ( though they were never too firmly attached to begin with ) , and first with the dukes of burgundy and later the spanish foreign influences became dominating .
