  both of those could 've formed strong western-aligned centres of power . 
  or maybe for those who like it somewhat more exotic oman , pre-colonial naval power and important trade hub of the space trade . 
  or maybe hejaz , which could have simply been beaten out of saudi-arabia again . 
  also a more mercantile region , with the added bonus of housing mecca and medina . 
  and they went with the fucking goatherders in central arabia that not even the ottomans at the height of their expansionism could n't be bothered to conquer . 
  a round of applause for london , please . 
  the us get a lot of flak for their foreign track record , but at least partly they are the child that has to clean up behind their drunken parents . 
  spain in central america - large-scale destruction and assimilation of the native populations over centuries of overlordship portugal - see spain russia - take a fucking look at chechenya . 
  the moment moscow stops keeping his fist on the pot , the whole thing will explode violently . 
  and the countries in former russian europe have a so lovely relations with big ivan japan - you do n't need terrorism when you have nukes at your disposal . 
  and korea is in a rather sad state regarding foreign politics meanwhile the arabs where under the colonial heel for mere decades, 
  colonialism in the arabian world uk and france in the levant , italy in libya , spain in morocco ( not technically arab but close enough ) , turkey everywhere back when they were the ottomans, 
  maybe they count suicide gankers in eve online ? 
  oh wait , then iceland would be off the charts, 
  * clenches to his rhineland *, 
  dude , when russia attacks poland we get in on the partition action . 
  so is the tradition between berlin and moscow . 
   have you never heard of the idea of deterrence ? 
  from whom ? 
  we are allied to everyone around us . 
  the things is , the current situation works out perfectly for us . 
  if you want us to spend billions upon billions on military hardware that will probably never get used , what will we get in return ? 
  according to hastings ismay , the nato had three purposes : `` keep the russians out , the americans in and the germans down . '', 
  if we gear up our military , what do we get in return ? 
   prussia 's republican flag with an eagle that looks like roadkill , a perfect metaphor for weimar germany and remove shitty black-white-red flag, 
  the thing is : it was n't, 
  ** show people our resilience ** * it is time * +1 stability, 
  a nation must be clearly seperably from all others . 
  the one guy living on sealand is an englishman . 
  which sealand does not fulfill, 
  sealand is n't a nation . 
  if the greeks have such a problem with the name , why does n't macedonia rename itself ? 
  `` alexandria '' seems like a nice name . 
   culture comes natural and doesnt need much financial support . 
  you know that pretty much every musician , artist , author , sculptor or philosopher in european history was on the payroll of some major ruler ? 
  the beatiful rennaisance architecture and art of italy ? 
  founded by the medicis and the pope . 
  shakespeare ? 
  paid by elizabeth i. voltaire ? 
  got his money from the king of france . 
  mozart and beethoven paid by austria , handel by england . 
  goethe made his money by working for the saxon government . 
  there 's a reason why the cultural centres of europe are also it 's political and financial centres , only those had the money to spare to finance culture . 
  because the commonwealth was so much democracy . 
  republic does not equal democracy , especially not in pre-napoleonic times . 
  the spd deems it necessary to squdner hundreds of millions of euros in big prestige projects that ultimately failed spectacularily , the schlosshotel was in all likelyhood used by beck to advantage his old friends in his birth city , and the mittelrheinbr\u00fccke which would be a great boon for the region is still dubious if it will ever happen . 
  the spd also wanted to shut down the olg in koblenz for some reason * . 
  \\* probably because it was responsible for the case n\u00fcrburgring . 
  dreyer is a good head of state , yes . 
  but good lord does the rest of the spd in rhineland-palatinate suck . 
   but it 's still a shock for kl\u00f6ckner - how in hell did she lose that lead again ? 
  maybe if you stupidly pander to the right fringe , they will vote for the party that actually suports their issues and not the centre-right cdu . 
  in the same moment , this pandering also drove people who are mor in support of the refugee police towards other parties . 
  the population is n't that stupid to not look through simple populistic pandering . 
  and a tyrannosaurus as a 6-9 tons heavy animal would not expend energy chasing us little bony critters . 
  i 'm pretty sure also to restrain poland for a bit . 
  especially the brits had an interest in keeping germany weakened , but still strong enough to sucessfully fight it 's neighbours if the need for it would arise . 
  after all , albion has no friend but merely interests , and london 's interest has always been to team up with the second strongest continental power against the strongest . 
  the reason why versailles ended up as shitty was because france , the uk and the us all had rather different visions for post-war europe , but none of them really managed to take hold of the negotitations . 
  and so we ended up with german jimmies rustled like jimmis had n't been reustled before , but still strong enough to fight sucessful land wars on their own . 
  that dispute was settled in 2014 if i recall correctly . 
  http://www.dw.com/en/germany-and-the-netherlands-end-centuries-old-border-dispute/a-18020219 misses some other stuff though , like [ glorious roc ] ( https://c2.staticflickr.com/2/1565/24724516790_95a3803aa0_h.jpg ), 
  the czech republic is the legal sucessor of the bohemian crown , which in fact rules over the historical areas of bohemia , moravia and silesia , even if most of silesia was lost to the prussians in the 18th century . 
  the czechs did n't really hold any parts of slovakia after the decline of great moravia around 900 . 
  after that , what is now slovakia was for the most time part of the hungarian crown . 
  and even if both crowns eventually found themselves under the austrian habsburgs , the czechs never had any authority over slovakia . 
  czechoslovakia , kind of like yugoslavia , was pretty much a result of the power machinations within the treaty of versailles . 
  twin ( s ) : france , belgium , netherlands , luxembourg , switzerland former karling clay unite !, 
  closest ally : france should go without saying , really anschluss : austria , but i would n't be picky any clay is good . 
   surprising gains by far-right extremists could complicate the task . 
  welcome to politics . 
  the end justifies the means . 
  if we were that sensitive , we would have moved through belgium already . 
  the best banter is to be had when teams don\u00c4t play against each other . 
  ca n't wait for us to face the dutch this summer ... o wait, 
  and you still have a part of the hamburg harbour leased out to you until 2028 . 
  heresy !, 
  i mean , it 's bosnia . 
  for some reason , everyone wants to control bosnia . 
  the country had like 25 years of independence in the last 500 years . 
  old habits die hard . 
  seriously . 
  we take one square inch of polish land and suddenly half the world declares war on us . 
  but those damned crocodile ranchers can just annex a landlocked country on the other side of the world without anyone batting an eye ? 
  wtf international community ? 
  being a relatively small country , in both area and population , certainly also helps . 
  and the people in vienna opened the fine champagne when the news came in he was assassinated . 
   during spain 's peak in the 16th century spain declared itself broke . 
  twice . 
  what you gon na do when you make a habit of conquering any goldmine you see ? 
  also , never underestimate the laziness of people . 
  i just found it funny because malta arose from the last remains of a crusader state . 
  it 's almost as if no supply would lead to demand piling up . 
  is the map wrong or are the maltese secretly kebabs ? 
   moldova   no , maybe after the conflict in transnistria is solved . 
  just roll it and ismail back into romnia for 100 % better borders . 
  508 million people live in eu states according to 2015 estimates . 
  about 200 million of those in germany , france and the uk alone . 
  historically , the potato became more popular in northern europe ( ireland , uk , fennoscandia , northern germany , eastern europe ) because for the centuries prior the harsher climates made growing grain difficult and thus the far more hardy and efficient potato was highly welcome . 
  in the south were it was warm and sunny , and thus growing grain was easier , the potato was n't needed as much and thus did n't gain that much popularity .
