  so big that they [ fought a little war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_of_the_austrian_succession ) over when austria broke salic law . 
  actualy , france and prussia just wanted to show the austrians who 's boss , but that dasus belli was more than enough to justify a conflict . 
   germany i do n't think so . 
  salic law prohibited females from inheriting landed titles and was in effect until 1918 . 
   sultanate of orissa orissa is hindu . 
  just a method of the forest to rejuvenate itself . 
  creation brings destruction brings creation . 
  technically prussian, 
  so your standard petra salt canal mountain start . 
  need lebensraum to store immigrants . 
  so he did smell ... the ashes ? 
  in no universe , hungary can escape trianon it seems, 
   documentaries, 
  i 'm offended . 
  they theresa , how does the saying go ? 
  if you have nothing to hide , you have nothing to fear ? 
  oh and i forgot the turks of course ( at least before they roleld over hungary ) . 
  poland just had the misfortune of being a ( initially ) strong state stuck between even stronger neighbours . 
  the problem , in the late 15th/early16th century and after that war against the empire ( speak : the habsburg ) would not only have brought in the germans , but also the spaniards and quite likely the ever-opportunistic russians . 
  being located on an indefensible plain also certainly did n't help poland . 
   for example silesia or crushing teutonic order/duchy of prussia the problems was that doing so would 've resulted in a response by the emperor . 
  i mean , who does n't ? 
  it 's just inertia . 
  people used to have lots of children because like half of those would n't make it past 5 years of age . 
  modern medicine ( and compared to pre-industrial times modern africa has good medicine ) vastly reduces child mortality . 
  however , people have n't adjusted yet and for a few generations still have lots of children , who will make it to adulthood . 
  eventually the growth rate will adjust to the new medical reality , births drop rapidly . 
  i mean , i had a grandmother with 6 siblings and a grandfather with * 10 * . 
  we lost the last war . 
  that mughals players shall be ashamed of no taking that one malayan province and ruining their otherwise perfect borders . 
   thoughts ? 
  time to start some shit in africa to pass the time ? 
  any dicatorships they need toppling but without an exit strategy ? 
   am european  want to be like asia choose one . 
  of course ignoring the pregnant women dilemma . 
  see , to keep them * out * of the netherlands . 
  now that 's just a matter of perspective . 
  little do you know , albania borders iberia . 
  nobody could challenge a western german border including luxembourg as its smootheness is only rivalled by interwar romania and postwar yugoslavia . 
   just stripped classicism so like washington dc ? 
  god i hate the looks of this city . 
  that 's not true , our constitutional court repeatedly interpreted the mention of marriage in our constitution as a bond between man and woman . 
  did n't the romans have cement , or at least something like cement ? 
  once more beating the spd with its own weapons . 
  to quite a few of those i 'd have to answer `` yes , but ... '', 
  may 's clearly a thin man . 
  on other news , the uk has withdrawn from the xcom project . 
  france , france never changes . 
  with our 127m pops , i 'm not too worried about russia . 
  i do n't think the ussr lasted long enough to remove the de jure territory of the russian empire . 
  maybe they simply misintepreted the roman founding myth of a aeneid ? 
  the romans believed themselves to be descended from the survivors of troy , so if they said to the chinese that they `` are descended from the east '' they might have misinterpreted as chinese descent simply because what else worth of note was there in the of rome ? 
  if we are on the topic of amazing chinese battles , how about the [ battle of talas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_talas ) aka the msot important battle of history nobody has heard about ? 
  then you learned kinda shitty history . 
  france had 21 cabinets during the forth republic , which lasted for 11 years . 
  why integrate when you can just wait until you can pass renovation imperium ? 
  why paid for the your king 's prestige projects again ? 
  at this point they should just like ... units their countries or something . 
  maybe even get the czechs and half of romania and southern poland and half the balkans in . 
  ivan iii annexed novgorod , ivan iv did n't like having an internal rival to his power base in moscow and ( in ) famously sacked the city in 1570 . 
  the city actually recovered a bit in the coming decades , even though being on the frontline between russia and sweden did n't help matters , but even today it is but a shadow of what was once one of the most populous and propserous cities in europe . 
  it barely has 7.5 x the population that it had in 1550 . 
  for reference , moscow had the same proportional population growth in about the last century . 
  blame ivan the terrible for that . 
  modern western democracy arose from the mercantile elite of the large cities , the explorers and trader that , while bringing great suffering to the world at large , led to the devolution of power in states like france , england and the netherlands . 
  russia had always problems with that due to it 's location on the map . 
  do n't get much trade when you hug the polar circle and all the ports you can easily get can just as easily blocked by third powers . 
  nonetheless , russia produced one great merchant city - novgorod . 
  which ivan the terrible burned to the ground ( although the decline of the city had begun decades earlier , and can even be held accountable for the decline of the hansa ) . 
  instead , russia became basically the model autocracy . 
  serfs on the field who were not supposed to care about much but the fields they were working on , ruled by local nobles , ruled by the great autocrat in the capital . 
  unsurprisingly , the people in power had little interest to change this model of society - even though peter the great modernized russia , he kept the flow of power untouched . 
  as did the enlightened policies under catherine . 
  russia failed to modernize not through a lack of ability , but because it was in the best interest of the rulers to keep it this way . 
  in the west that ship had long sailed , so better keep propping up the bourgeoisie because at least you might reap some profit that way . 
  and after centuries of having people that for the serfs working in the dirt seemed to live in castles in the sky run the show , and run it rather sucessfully - after all western despotism ( read : napoleon ) was unable to overcome russian despotism , the populace as a whole was rather content with not having to run the state themselves . 
  this is why the february revolution was nixed by the october revolution , and the more radical - `` democratic '' trotsky lost out against stalin and the party bureaucracy , and the fall of the ussr led to the current state . 
  and with russia continuing to generate most of its revenue from resource sales , which do n't require a broad educated citizenship , things wo n't change in any major way for the foreseeable future . 
  basically , the mediterranean is a bona fide sea thatm 's just getting sandwiched between africa and europe , while the baltic and north sea completely lie on continental shelf , basically parts of the continent which just happens to be below sea level . 
  yeah , but such was the name of the kingdom . 
  got ta appease the habsburg if you are in northern italy , or you become either french or austrian dinner . 
  the vatican is the remnant , or rather the modern incarnation , of the papal states which once controlled much of central italy first going from rome to the north-eastern coast and then along that cost northward up until close to the po estuary . 
  ( plus some assorted exclaves like avignon and benevento ) most of the pala state 's territory was annexed by italy when sardinia out the nation together , with only rome and the surrounding regions still under papal control , safeguarded by a french garrison . 
  when the french were however busy by getting their teeth kicked in by the germans , italy marched into rome without much fighting . 
  the pope however threw what amounted to a hissy-fit and locked himself up into what is now the vatican , not accepting his city having been annexed and then amde capital by italy . 
  that situation continued for more than half a century , until the lateran treaties established the situation which continues to this day . 
  i 'm sure you mean reval ? 
  come back when you did vicky 2 greece world conquest . 
  tbf , as long as the english call m\u00fcnchen munich and the french call aachen aix-la-chapelle , i 'll call wroclaw breslau and gdansk danzig . 
  must . 
  atlantic . 
  coast . 
  in hindsight it would 've been smarter to not call a referdendum you are sure to win to bolster your strength as pm and then lose that to lies on the side of busses . 
  let 's not forget that david cameron is the source of all this fuckery . 
  neo-spqr when ? 
   austrians would actually get a taste of this had sobieski and polish-lithuanian commonwealth never helped them ( battle of vienna ) . 
  then 90 years later they participated in partitioning the plc. 
  thanks austrian assholes !, 
  it 's poland 's problem that they sought the neuter russia 's one check . 
  wow , that series look like a horrible ahwank,
