  then willem started his little rebellion of his , and 80 years later the netherlands were an independent state , with its own institutions , army and navy . 
  it was in this moment dutch divorced from the rest of continental west germanic , and became it 's completely own thing . 
  in a timeline were the netherlands would have gravitated to the rest of germany , the whole german language family would have shifted further to towards dutch , and the `` standard german '' of this universe would look very different to our standard german . 
  and it gets even more chaotic when considering swiss at the same time . 
  most people would probably agree that swiss is closer to german then dutch is to german . 
  and this is certain true for written language . 
  but spoken dutch is far more intelligible to me ( and probably most germans ) than spoken swiss . 
  dutch is a low franconian language with considerable ingvaeonic influences . 
  thus , dutch is linguistically closer to hessian , and moselle-franconian german dialect , than hessian is to other german dialects like lower german platt or bavarian . 
  if we still had the eastern dialects , it would be even more . 
  and then there is the fact that austrians are speaking only slightly modified bavarian . 
  because bavarian , a dialect of german , has it 's own dialects . 
  not horse shit . 
  why did n't dutch end up as a dialect of german , despite still being heavily mutually intelligible with standard german , and very fluidly moving into dialects that are considered `` german '' along the north sea coast ? 
  because the dutch rebelled ( thus : created an army and navy ) against the habsburgs , which eventually resulted into an independent ( northern ) netherlands . 
  thus the language that would become dutch split from the rest of the continental germanic languages , which eventually were subsumed by standard german . 
  if the netherlands had remained integrated in the hre and later a german nation-state , dutch would be considered a dialect of german ( which itself would be considerably closer to dutch ) . 
  language history is political history , and political history is driven by warfare . 
  a language is a dialect with an army and a navy . 
  a few days ago , mapporn was removed from the sfwporn network . 
  a top-level mod of the sub used his position to push his pro-trump agenda , quickly thereafter all other mods were gone ( no idea if they were removed or left in protest ) . 
  [ here 's the thread on subredditdrama ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/5j7nfi/rmapporn_has_left_the_sfw_porn_network/ ), 
  shhh , we are fabricating claims on k\u00f6nigsberg and constantinople at the moment . 
  3.8 tons of 72yr old explosives that have not been stored correctly and are known to already have malfunctioned once , because otherwise there wouldn ` be a 72yr old bomb lying around . 
  let 's see if we can beat our 6 hours record . 
  it probably would n't have lasted long though . 
  stalin would just have swooped in when the western allies were busy fighting the axis . 
  we did it reddit !, 
  trade saarland for elsa\u00df ? 
  i was pondering to do a `` ways to divide germany '' picture : roman germania + germania magna ( free people ) francia , saxon s , bavarians and slavs kingdom of germany and slavs holy roman empire border clusterfuck kill me pls post-vienna slightly less clusterfucky german confederation allied-occupied germany fdr+gdr current state : united state with uppity bavarians in the south, 
  that old eastern border of poland is a thing of beauty really , so smooth . 
  but if we go by the ancestral borders of poland and lithuania ( before poland annexed the southern half of lithuania ) poland got divided by prussia and austria while lithuania got divided by prussia ( a few small slivers east of k\u00f6nigsberg ) and russia . 
  only in eu4, 
  after nearly one year of 2016 , i 'd fear fate views it as a challenge, 
  no anschluss , just gib back stettin , breslau and danzig, 
  early modern fragmentation stronk, 
  he was in full support of serbia 's response to austria 's demands , as per his own words on july 28th 10 am in the morning . 
  too bad the austrians declared war an hour later before his response could reach vienna . 
  no doubt wilhelm failed massively during the july crisis , but it was more due to sheer incompetence ( going on a north sea cruise ) rather than malice . 
  shit diplomat , though . 
  says poland 's bitch, 
  churchill = cell confirmed ? 
  also , wilhelm was actually trying to prevent a war in 1914 . 
  too bad his generals and cabinets wanted the war . 
   spanish visigoths , german  british anglosaxons , german  portuguese visigoths again , german migration period stronk, 
  too abstract for our minds . 
  we need something we can bash in . 
  just pd + plasma throwers and you 'll be fine, 
  italy has had 3 prime ministers since that meme became a thing, 
  germany stable ? 
  italy not stable ? 
  [ you know what to do ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/21/friedrich_kaulbach_-_kr%c3%b6nung_karls_des_gro%c3%9fen.jpg ), 
  how comes it then whenever the austrians have a good thing going on , the italians screw it up ? 
  the moar boosters platform was strong, 
  not really . 
  the franks originally were from what is now the german/belgian border . 
  then the romans collapsed and the franks expanded into gaul , after they cemented their power there charlemagne then conquered germany and italy . 
  the franconia region in germany was basically a area that was settled by the franks during charlemagne and his son . 
  then the frankish empire fragmented , first into east francia , middle francia and west france , later into even more realsm like aquitiane , lotharingia , italy and bavaria ; and local traditions began to once more supercede frankish culture . 
  east francia slowly became germany , west francia slowly became france , middle francia did n't last long . 
  by the turn of the millenium , the franks were history and the young kingdom of france and the ottonian holy roman empire had emerged in their place . 
  italy is far more `` barbarians that toppled rome '' than `` romans '' ;p, 
  why is tyrol missing ? 
  yep . 
  mozart was technically not born an austrian , but a citizen of the archbishopric of salzburg . 
  sounds like it 's time for an excommunication, 
  on the downside , danovia looks like a penis . 
  danzig is in this `` prussia '' though . 
  the cologne cathedral is ugly as fuck though . 
  [ the cathedral in the city next to mine though , that 's a beautiful thing indeed ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6e/mk37240_limburger_dom.jpg ), 
  however , paris had to pay for preserving it 's old architecture . 
  instead of building higher buildings in the city-center , they built massive planned communities on the city rim . 
  which quickly turned into ghettos . 
  this one falls squarely under `` worth it '' though . 
   carried out de-nazification . 
  well , kinda . 
  we always focussed on time travelers going * back * to kill hitler , but not on time travelers going * forward * to steal our nazi supertech . 
  unless you seek a doctorate in mathematics, 
  and then still dies to the burgundian succession crisis, 
  i talk if the war had ended in a english victory . 
  france has all the money , all the grain , all the books , all the connections to the pope . 
  england was a relatively poor , cold and wild island kingdom on the fringes of the world . 
  guess which vassals will hold the true power within the angevin empire . 
  that half of france ai n't speaking english . 
  france had a population of 20 million people in 1345 . 
  england had a population of less than 5 million . 
  france basically threw away a free england during the hyw . 
  i still argue that france would have won the hyw no matter what . 
  the cold and sparsely populated england certainly wo n't be the senior partner in the hypothetical union . 
  hey yurop pay up for 30yw, 
  communism , obviously / s, 
  the czechs dug too deep . 
   habsburg empire suffered a similar fate in that regard . 
  also russia . 
  only they managed to keep their empire together ( mostly ) . 
  as mecklenburg is an ancient slavic homeland who 's people simply have to taken to speaking german , the number should be nearly 100 % . 
  so german woman + raping russian/american/british / french soldier = non-german ? 
   salic law provided written codification of both civil law , such as the statutes governing inheritance , and criminal law , such as the punishment for murder . 
  it has had a formative influence on the tradition of statute law that has extended to modern times in western and central europe , especially in ** the german states ** , france , belgium , the netherlands , parts of italy , austria-hungary , romania , and the balkans . 
  apparently there were some exceptions as you 've proved , but salic law was a big deal .
