  we got over them by eventually purging all political dissent and invading our neighbours . 
   frozen pizzas i 'd rather go to prison than eat this sad excuse for `` pizza '', 
  it 's even funnier because the americans specifically approved the grundgesetz . 
  everybody is at work . 
  something something turkey nato something something aegean islands border dispute something something greek nationalism i suspect, 
   ah ha , no you do n't we have 77 , you have 75 this can not stand !, 
  commence the naval race !, 
  take decision * demand the sudetenland * !, 
  i was referring to the landmass . 
  otherwise it would be `` thanks viceroyalty of new spain '' . 
  [ new order from berlin : reveal our new anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1pcckc9_du ), 
  thank you america, 
  i know a skaven when i see one . 
  the end times are close, 
  conquer vienna to take the western focus decision , of course . 
  or even better convert to catholicism and become holy roman emperor himself . 
  we in germany do n't have such problems , women were prohibited from inheriting titles up until 1918 !, 
  and in england it is if i recall correctly like this : king - male ruler queen regnant - female ruler queen consort - spouse of male ruler prince consort - spouse of female ruler , as traditionally king was considered a higher title than queen , there could be no such thing as king consort, 
  hey . 
  not our fault that you decided to expel your highly educated protestant minority . 
   independent city state ? 
  independent city under the authority of the united nations those always lead to fun, 
  yes, 
  one should show them the borders of france after the hyw . 
  gib clay back pls . 
  the commonwealth was anything by democratic . 
  a system where only a select few lucky to be born into the right families can vote is not a democracy in the modern sense . 
  only with the revolutions of 1776 and 1789 the concepts of republic and democracy becoame married . 
  but glogau is a province as of art of war i think . 
  silesia consists of three rpovinces : glogau furthest north , breslau in the middle and ratibor furthest south . 
  kind was pissed about that speech which destroyed his `` we civilized you savage , please be thankful '' narrative , he cried to the parliament , which in turn cried to uncle ike . 
  while the king certainly had not the power to do that directly , i 'm pretty much he had the soft power to sway the parliament , which was already rather anti-lumumba . 
  a nasty , nasty affair . 
  such a model that the king basically had the first prime minister of the droc assasinated . 
  if we would annex austria we would still be pretty close to three of the four borders . 
  we literally lack like 2 kilometres to the meuse , the danish belt is n't that far away from our northern border , and the adige has its spring very close to the austro-italian border . 
  only the neman is quite a bit away . 
  welcome to the asymetrically globalized world . 
  oh , it 's * way * worse than that . 
  the moment the leviathan stops breathing right into people 's necks , most of us turn into deplorable dickheads . 
  because it 's not only those un soldiers , there was also that little british mep pedophilia thing . 
  or whatever the bankers are up to in their free time . 
  * nuclear shutdown * casus belli acquired . 
  we make the french build the wall for us . 
  on their side !, 
  welcome to the heart of darkness, 
  also almost-kings of spain . 
  currently in an austria game in vicky 2 , on my way to become a modern , liberal , industrialized state from the backwardness of metternichs days . 
  you know that the south america package also includes being annihilated by germans ? 
  you miss an austrian period between burgundian and spanish . 
   they are n't all spanish descendants they are n't natives either . 
  with the exception of the guarrani in paraguay , by the time the america 's got their independence from the iberians the native populations , european settlers and ( to some lessern extent at the time ) african slaves had already started to heavily intermingle . 
  still does n't change the fact that the local cultures have been absolutely marginalized . 
  after all we have mexico instead of aztec , xapotec or some mayan states in the region , and peru instead of the incan state . 
  those cultures have been * wrecked * by the colonization of the americas . 
  and there has actually been native american terrorism in the past . 
  because that is how the nations in the north tried to fend off the encroaching us of a. 
   hmmm , i wonder why ? 
  maybe because islam is the predominant religion more like because russia always tells of it 's grandiose protection of russian minorities abroad . 
  and then the guys in caucasus look in the mirror , see that they are not really ethnically russian and wonder why the fuck they are in russia . 
   yes , all those lithuanians , latvians , belarussians traveling to russia and bombing metro stations and airports and shooting up concerts because they believe in a fictional book from 1500 years ago the thing is that these nations * are * realized nation-states in a time of nationalism . 
  they are all rather satisfied with the status quo and see a reason to pour oil in the fire . 
   what ? 
  lol terrorism happens in countries with nukes . 
  this makes no sense . 
  why would china sponsor terrorism in japan ? 
  they have nukes , and warships and one of the largest armies in existence with which they can rustle japanese jimmies . 
  the problem with the middle east was that they never got what they wanted . 
  because lo and behold , the surge of islamic terrorism is a thing of the last few decades , before that muslim states co-existed relatively peacefully ( for the times back then at least ) with their neighbours . 
  so , what happened in the last 100 years ? 
  oh yeah , we fought a war , and one side lost badly . 
  like really really badly . 
  so badly that two of the three empires on their side simply disintegrated . 
  of course i 'm talking about the good ol' [ ottomans ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ottoman_empire ) . 
  in the early 20th century nationalism was a really , really big thing , and after the disastrous world war all the minoritiies in the ottoman 's decaying realm were kinda sick of being ruled from constantinople . 
  i correct , even the turks were sick of it . 
  so they got rid of the empire . 
  and the arabs were happy that they were finally free of foreign shackles and could form their own destiny . 
  well , fuck no . 
  seeing that there was some territory up for grabs , the two [ great ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_empire ) [ fuckstains ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_colonial_empire ) quickly decided to divide it between them . 
  because they had so much fun dividing germany ( making danzig neither german or polish , hilarious ! ), 
  and austria-hungary ( putitng all the balkan slavs into one huge state , brilliant ! ), 
  they did n't quite want to stop yet . 
  and as the guys there were backward people with slightly coloured skin , there was no problem in just annexing them , for the benefit of the locals ofc ourse . 
  just like in africa . 
  and with godawful borders . 
  just like in africa . 
  and so the arabs sat there , their jimmis rustled , until the two empires that ruled them found themselves at war again . 
  and this time they lost ( i 'd actually argue that ww2 was a long-term defeat for britain ) . 
  but not really hard enough for the arabs to break free . 
  and then the brits got another fabulous idea : let 's put the jews right in the middle of people that absolutely hated their guts . 
  another hilarious idea from london !, 
  and so the brits and french released the arabs into freedom . 
  they told them very clearly that israel was not to be messed with , and so to this day the arab states and israel enjoy amicable relations . 
  and that wa snot all of the fuckery the brits ( and later the americans ) did . 
  you see , any region has some sort of leading state . 
  like brasil is the biggest fish in south america , or poland the most powerful state between the oder and russia . 
  and i mean , they had many great choices for the de facto leadership of the arab world . 
  like for examply egypt , a centre of trade with a large population and a history going back for millenia . 
  or maybe even damascus , furthest north and also along the mediterranean .
