how about limiting the spread of nuclear weapons . 
  for example preventing governments guided by fairy tales getting acccess ? 
  no , they spend most of their days importing butter from norway , drinking koskenkorva and stabbing people . 
  they only chop wood if they have time . 
  wood 's share of energy production in finland is 24 % compared to 8 % of gas . 
  wood is mostly used as pellets , it 's quite efficient . 
  we should be able to replace most of the gas usage overnight no problem . 
  not entirely true ... 
  they had all the ideas , prototypes etc. 
  tested way before apple achieved anything . 
  the internal competition and politics were a bit too ruthless and the shitty ideas prevailed over what customers actually wanted . 
  nokia annual r&d spend was probably more than apple has spent over the company lifetime , and r&d output was good . 
  i guess they got the best specialists from comcast to run the business side . 
  early years of nokia were a lot like google at it 's best , you could do anything if it was a good idea . 
  then the shithead business managers mostly from the us rolled in . 
  structural reform was intended to consist of three parts : cutting down the number of tasks required from communities , reform of social care and healthcare , and reform of pensions . 
  essentially everyone understands that a lot of the things cities are required to do by law are useless shit actually decreasing quality of life , increasing costs all around and making economy sluggish . 
  there has been little done to improve the situation , too many people depend on things being as they are . 
  social and healthcare reform is a huge thing that seems to be going straight to hell , it was supposed to increase effectiveness by increasing cooperation improving processes or so , they seem to only be making the bureaucracy worse and spend billions on useless it projects . 
  pension reform is essentially raising retirement age , that 's easy cause you just take money away from the middle class with one law , this will surely succeed . 
  in my opinion a lot of the `` welfare society '' structures have lost their focus and no longer provide anything of value to the people . 
  they were built in a time of a ( semi ) closed economy and continue on that track . 
  a big part of the middle class feel they 're getting nothing back . 
  the others still believe the finnish system is superior to everywhere else , but many of these people know jack shit for example about how things in germany work . 
  a long history of finlandization . 
  legends of the miracle of winter war and neutrality . 
  belief in `` good relations '' with russia . 
  relations which remain good as long as we do whatever russia wants ... a lot of the older people have gone through a 40-year long propaganda machine telling them that they 're neutral , special , and soviet union is not good but is not bad either and we should not piss them off . 
  it 's hard to undo that . 
  what 's your excuse , sweden ? 
  i know , thanks for aiding our only ally in ww2 with tons of raw materials . 
  keep up the good work . 
  sweden better man up and create even a skeleton of a defense force . 
  or join nato so the finnish pussies will finally follow as they always do . 
   too many are stuck in the soviet era here though . 
  a fact . 
  finlandization is alive and well . 
  it 's sad and embarrassing . 
   we have good diplomatic relations with them , we 're close trade partners care to provide an example of the good diplomatic relations ? 
  maybe something where finland is not being bullied or blackmailed ? 
   i still fail to see this systematic bullying . 
  care to provide any examples of it ? 
  [ why do n't you let me google that for you ? 
  ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=russia+threatens+finland+nato ) edit : you say there 's no need for finland to join nato . 
  how do you think finland would benefit less from being a member than , say , denmark or france ? 
  changing the economic policies to bully finland to make certain political decisions is bullying and it sounds really weird when you try to spin that to be anything else . 
  russia is luckily in no way allied to finland anymore . 
  soviets did bully us to yya treaty before so i guess we were allies of a kind until 1992 . 
  here you go :  the finnish army also has just signed a pact allowing nato troops in finland for practices and special circumstances . 
  i 'd say that 's the most russia will tolerate before changing their economic policies towards finland , which of course would hurt the latter in various ways . 
  how could that be true ? 
  your own comments above described a clearly abusive relationship where russia will use economic policies to bully finland into doing what they want . 
  trying to explain that away sounds like [ finlandization ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finlandization ) to me . 
   have a long secure relationship with russia i 'd say 90 % of finns would describe the relationship as abusive , unstable and reluctant . 
  the irony is overwhelming . 
  this literally is the level of public discussion on nato in finnish media . 
  how about the topic at hand , the nato question ? 
  the systematic bullying has been going on forever . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  so in name of keeping good trade relations with russia , belarus etc. 
  we 'd stay out of a defensive pact with the block which we really want to belong to . 
  that 's just wrong on so many levels . 
  there are no good reasons against . 
  some will say we have to keep russia happy , which would implicitly mean that we 're already in the position of ukraine or other vassal states . 
  many believe the miracle of winter war will happen again if need be and we do not need help from the outside , or will get it anyway . 
  completely ignoring the fact that last time we were forced to ally with the fucking nazis to get any help , and without the nazis we would have been screwed . 
  some , lefties mostly i guess , are concerned our conscripts would have to fight in us imperialist wars . 
  again ignoring the fact that everything we have is because of the us keeping up stability in europe , not like anyone else has contributed much . 
  we 're very very clearly part of the west but with a fa\u00e7ade of ` neutrality ' so we can avoid contributing . 
  whatever missions would be agreed on would hardly require conscript participation anyway . 
  i 'd summarize that there has never been an open fact based discussion in public about nato in finland , all you see in the news is either based on fear of russia getting angry if we even consider , and left-wing crap about bad imperialist america doing wrong again . 
  it 's just that eu has no military and none of the member countries would feel threatened enough to really interfere . 
  they 'd just write a nasty letter like in the case of ukraine . 
   think we all know what circumstances those are . 
  they ate unsanitary and unhealthy western food :(, 
  yes !, 
  * 500g of norwegian sanctions salmon * 1/2 cup ( 120g ) valio sanctions smetana * 1/2 tbsp lemon juice * 0,5 dl or so chopped dill * salt to taste put sanctions salmon on baking tray with skin side down , put rest of the stuff on salmon , season , 200c 20-30 min in oven , serve with mashed potatoes . 
  thanks putin !, 
  too bad for them but really that 's only a drop in the sea even on finnish scale . 
  even if valio laid off all their employees , that would hurt the national economy far less than any single mistake made by nokia r&d . 
   sympathy votes ruin everything it was , for the most part , not sympathy vote in finland . 
  i feel a decent punk band by mentally disabled guys singing about their own lives and living the rock 'n roll life ( well some of them ) is one of the coolest and most interesting things the finnish music scene has to offer . 
  too good , actually , to perform in the same show with the wannabe singers whose main assets are big titties . 
  but since the band wants to play there i guess that 's fine . 
  besides , the guys are seasoned musicians having played some of the biggest festivals in finland along with some tours abroad . 
  it 's not a gimmick , unlike most performances at esc . 
   spain 's angel maria villar llona , michel d\u2019hooghe from belgium and worawi makudi from thailand are among the names being looked at by garcia for possible ethics code breaches , according to sources close to the world governing body . 
   garcia demonstrated his independence when he turned up unannounced at the fifa exco meeting in zurich in march to interview existing members involved in the december 2010 vote . 
  some were so unsettled by his questioning that it 's alleged spain 's angel maria villar llona and argentina 's julio grondona made unsuccessful attempts to have garcia removed from leading the inquiry . 
  i suppose it 's only natural spain voted with sepp, 
  no need to thank us estonia , just keep the alcohol taxes low . 
  of course in sweden you should be butthurt about such comparison . 
  it 's for the bitches own benefit to hide the black eye before she gets another after all . 
  trump is all talk , paavo is all buddies with anyone who can help him . 
  he has the morals of a hyena . 
  if you 're so smart , why do n't you tell us what 's the difference ? 
  it 's possible to deport people , has been done before . 
  more importantly , no asylum means less benefits and definitely no getting assistance to bring any family over even if deportation is not possible . 
  this makes the business case of traveling all the way to finland much weaker . 
  a common tactic has been to send over one child or someone who passes as underage , get the extended family brought over with state assistance .
