who decides if they are refugees or migrants ? 
  but non-eu migrants will still get all benefits like before ? 
  it would make a lot more sense for the us to reduce its military waste to the average war waste of the rest of the world . 
  good idea . 
  now , the question is who ? 
  maybe i 'm doing it wrong but i do not remember a site ever refusing me further access even if i never click the accept cookies check-box . 
  it is definitely a legitimate story . 
  the site reports a lot of unpopular stories but if you can point out some blatantly outright lying they have published i 'd be very interested in seeing them . 
  in sweden there was a case where a muslim woman refused to shake hands with a doctor because he was male . 
  he lectured her about it and referred her to a female doctor . 
  she sued for discrimination and was originally awarded 75 000 sek ( ~ 10 000 usd ) . 
  the fine was just rescinded but the case still shows how polar opposite sweden is from switzerland . 
  as of right now it is safer to stay indoors . 
  hysterical . 
  i post a link to the story which shows that the bogus case was thrown out on its face today by the magistrate and i get ...  your comment in / r/europe was automatically removed because you linked to dailysmail.co.uk . 
  this list is under constant review , so please contact the moderators if you feel this is an error . 
    i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . 
  please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns . 
  you really are too slow . 
  it is censorship whenever the owner or official of the forum in question does it . 
  no more special ed for you . 
  that you have no 1st amendment rights in any setting where the us government is not setting the rules . 
  like here on reddit if i need to spell that out for you . 
  censorship is denying someone the right to speak regardless of the setting or who is restricting the speech . 
  but , enough remedial education for now . 
  you are demonstrating that you are not . 
  it is the us first amendment you should be talking about as there you would have a point . 
  you are demonstrating that you are not . 
  it is the us first amendment you should be talking about as there you would have a point . 
  censor comes from the same word as census . 
  it is the re-review of who is allowed to talk . 
  it is a pretty ancient concept that you might be interested in checking up upon . 
  `` 1 '' is about ethnicity or race or religion ? 
  it seems to be about just about anything you chose it to be . 
  `` 2 '' proves how a stupid law can and is being abused to harass anyone under the guise of `` interpretation '' of correct thought . 
  we 'll wait to see if the system works well enough to throw out the case ( assuming it is what is described in op 's article ) . 
  indeed . 
  thanks for the permission . 
  one more chance ...  ok , please point out where in these statements it quotes anything constituting a criminal offense that should be subject to arrest :, 
  exactly , censorship sux . 
  yup . 
  ok , please point out where in these statements it quotes anything constituting a criminal offense that should be subject to arrest :  `` matthew doyle is being questioned after posting a message saying he confronted a muslim woman , asking her to explain the attacks . '', 
  ... `` a man who posted a twitter message about confronting a muslim woman over the brussels terror attacks has been arrested by police . '', 
  ... `` a message posted on his twitter page on wednesday morning said : `` i confronted a muslim woman yesterday in croydon . 
  i asked her to explain brussels . 
  she said ` nothing to do with me ' . 
  a mealy mouthed reply . '' '', 
  haha , even the reply stating that my reply was deleted got deleted . 
  i 'll try again without the evil offending domain name ...  when i replied with an example i got the following so you 'll have to fill in the blanks :   from automoderator sent a minute ago   https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4bs3rz/man_arrested_for_explain_brussels_tweet/d1cjleu?context=3   your comment in / r/europe was automatically removed because you linked to satellitenews.com . 
  this list is under constant review , so please contact the moderators if you feel this is an error . 
    i am a bot , and this action was performed automatically . 
  please contact the moderators of this subreddit if you have any questions or concerns . 
  not in the `` man arrested for ` explain brussels ' tweet '' article . 
  not in the `` man arrested for ` explain brussels ' tweet '' article . 
  ah , ok . that would actually make sense . 
  if we are not ** both ** talking about the op 's article it 's no wonder we disagree . 
  if that is the explanation we should probably have been discussing the mental capacities of the lawmakers rather than the misapplication of the idiot laws as documented in the article . 
  appreciate the clarifications . 
   in the part where it said that he was ranting on social media about her ? 
  it says no such thing . 
  it says `` matthew doyle is being questioned after posting a message saying he confronted a muslim woman , asking her to explain the attacks . '', 
  ... `` a man who posted a twitter message about confronting a muslim woman over the brussels terror attacks has been arrested by police . '', 
  ... `` a message posted on his twitter page on wednesday morning said : `` i confronted a muslim woman yesterday in croydon . 
  i asked her to explain brussels . 
  she said ` nothing to do with me ' . 
  a mealy mouthed reply . '' '', 
  maybe you are talking about another article ? 
  if so it would help if you linked to it before completely going off the rails . 
   trying to blame a terrorist attack on a random woman huh ? 
   pretending this guy was just `` talking about stuff '' is not only dishonest but cowardly as well . 
  so , please explain were you got any information that he was doing more than what it states in the article we are discussing ? 
  please do n't just make stuff up , that does n't help either . 
  i realize english is n't your first language but you should understand that to `` answer for crimes '' means to be responsible for them whereas to `` explain brussels '' is something completely different . 
  to make it easier for you to understand , imagine that you just learned about a submarine that ran aground . 
  if you run across a submarine commander and ask her to `` explain the grounding '' you are not accusing her of having run aground , you are asking her as a submariner to try to explain what might have happened . 
  as for race versus religion it does n't matter what laws you are referring to when you are the one misusing the language . 
  the law did n't make you yell racist when what you meant was religionist . 
   i am sorry but that is what it means when people ask you to answer for crimes which he did n't . 
  and as you say , islam is not a race so that 's zero for zero . 
   he bragged about breaking the law on social media really ? 
  how so ? 
  what race was involved ? 
  how did he incite hatred ? 
  what , you are not allowed to talk to strangers about stuff ? 
  if you add the number of migrants who will accompany them the number will probably be something like 10 times larger . 
   i think they are hating the message . 
  or the truth . 
  actually he 's not doing too badly as it is . 
  his stupidity is getting a lot of attention . 
  another blemish in colonial england 's history . 
  the first thing i would do after a visit like that is to post that i just had a visit from the police who tried to intimidate me into not expressing my opposition . 
  not really , it is owned by murdoch . 
  the experience will probably radicalize him . 
  the question is if a tolerant culture can coexist with an intolerant culture . 
  it was expected where discussion about the difference in cultures ' treatment of women is not taboo . 
  how about merkel ? 
  denmark should have invited everyone to a free-booze party because sweden acts like someone from the far left side of the bell curve ? 
  you are n't a very good harasser either . 
  only if you are a ** racist !!, 
  oh , you are talking about refugees ?
