that is crazy . 
  if we actually think is is going to set off a dirty bomb in belgium or anywhere else in the west , we should just nuke them first . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  this is going to set the integrity bar so high that we 're only going to get ubernaive socialists from now on . 
  not exactly the best leaders . 
  neato . 
  i 'd actually like that . 
  france has produced some really good music . 
  georges brassens is a personal favorite . 
  the cost is drastically different . 
  upkeep for a refugee in turkey is what ? 
  a few euros per day ? 
  in europe it 's a hundred or two hundred euros a day . 
  3 million self-sufficients would not be an issue at all . 
  this is going to be interesting . 
  the refugees in greece atm have to freaking out . 
  enjoy life in prison , scumbag . 
  yes . 
  founder is largest douche in the universe . 
  there are billions of people just like the syrians ready to drop in , we have to put a stop somewhere . 
  if you let 2 million into eu , there 'd still be another million hanging on a border somewhere , and another million after that one . 
  as long as erdogan is prez , there is no point even talking about eu membership . 
  fuck that guy . 
  he 's not human so it makes sense . 
  he 's a billionaire , he funds more things than you can shake a stick at . 
  you 're a retard . 
  my guess anyway . 
  a shitty situation for all involved . 
  these people need to be returned to turkey . 
  good call , swissmates . 
  same thing happened when the local media was shooting something with a girl that had converted from islam to christianity . 
  they were attacked , it 's ridiculous . 
  people need to chill and not take things so personally . 
  they should throw the first stone and we should respond with proportional force . 
  we 're better than them . 
  show me the money !, 
  i 'd much rather be friends with iran than saudi arabia . 
  i say let them go and never come back . 
  singapore has a semi-decent one . 
  most have done 180s . 
  only a few spectacular retards left that want more . 
  who does n't ? 
  the funk in there has to be legendary . 
  awesome . 
  thanks obama & john kerry . 
  just look at poor greece . 
  very positive in general . 
  kind of disappointed with your angela merkel . 
  we have to , our defense is a complete joke , and this is a cost-effective way of doing it . 
  it should not be mandatory , but maybe throw in an incentive or two . 
  absolutely gender neutral . 
  no shit . 
  wow . 
  his security detail has to shape up . 
  i 'm a tomcat cat . 
  what ? 
  that fat ass is flipping willing people around in his demos . 
  no , i wash the toilet with soap and water . 
  so sad to hear that . 
  was omw with pastrami on rye . 
  fuck yeah , the pigs got to die for this . 
  once is is represented in the government . 
  cheap cheap !, 
  make room for us in canada !, 
  we knew this would happen . 
  the government simply refused to take action until it was too late . 
  we are looking at decades of taking on more debt and then austerity . 
  i 'd say 9 euros in stockholm for a basic lunch . 
  it would be difficult to find something for less than 8 euros . 
  i consider it good value . 
  some places sell the same thing a few hours later for 2x/3x the price . 
  we wanted mountain bikes !, 
  yet another bieber meltdown . 
  he 's headed for the 27 club . 
  yeah , now they 're saying the situation is untenable but they 're still refusing to do anything about it . 
  europe clearly does n't give two shits about our plight so i think it 's time to close the border temporarily . 
  greece is going to get shafted by eu when the borders close up . 
  no , just more honest about their opinions . 
  the fence will lean to the left . 
  or you just hate pollsters . 
  just watch that lady get a nobel prize in 5 minutes for causing a shitload of chaos in europe . 
  edit : oh , thank god . 
  5y is reasonable . 
  you can assume that the killing will be done in syria by then . 
  ca n't take that seriously . 
  she 's clearly deranged . 
  just look at the photo . 
  $ 300 for luggage . 
  $ 200 for carry-on . 
  the british government has some sense , unlike the fools that represent me . 
  this is a far better system , at the expense of not being able to parade your `` goodness '' around europe . 
  they can totally wait until the child is 18 , or take a trip to some other country and have it done . 
  we want no part of it . 
  they 're not going to reward you for leaving the union . 
  that would kill the union . 
  britain needs all the help it can get from polish people who are competent and hard-working , unlike most britts . 
  those guys are going to get new assholes in the tabloids tomorrow . 
  scots are significantly brighter than their neighbors to the south . 
  i hope they do . 
  i do n't agree with that .
