nordic : never shalt thou wear thy shoes insideth . 
  minus 4 points just for the fact 1 eurocent-coins exist . 
  our polar bears are just in svalbard . 
  having them roam around on the mainland would suck ... 
  same in norway . 
  we use that more as a positive/sarcastic remark . 
  in norwegian we use * onkel * and * tante * , as in english , but the swedish farbror ( fatherbrother ) is very convenient also . 
  wish we used it , 
  * clings to * is a better wording i suppose . 
  english is my third language ... 
  well , i like scotland , wales and ireland more than england . 
  great allies during ww2 , but that is about it . 
  englishmen are as arrogant as the french , if not more so . 
  even as their empire has shrivelled and died . 
  cuisine is pretty much crap , and that is from a norwegian . 
  forcefully keeps imperial measurements and left hand driving , just to make sure all guests have a bad time and a general fuck you to the rest of the world . 
  we \u00b4 re special !, 
  the brexit shitshow pretty much underlined the english attitude , and i \u00b4 m gon na have a great time watching the process unfold . 
  let the downvotes begin !, 
  frenchman confirmed . 
  nowhere it seems like ... 
  me and a couple of others run / r/frenchforeignlegion . 
  it was an awesome experience and paved way for my current career . 
  why did you pick your username ? 
  we don \u00b4 t want the eu to benefit from our oil . 
  we \u00b4 d be net contributors to that house of cards . 
  i suppose they are one of the reasons , as the `` against '' side has been growing a lot since -13 . 
  other than that , giving away power from the national government does not sit well with people . 
  also fishing quotas , farming subsidies , gun ownership , the little representation we would get with only 5 million people . 
  we would be net contributors with our oil revenues while getting little of value in return in comparison to the trade agreement we already have . 
  also , brexit shows the eu is kind of like heroin , once on it , getting off is difficult . 
  previously , it was close to 50/50 for/against , now it is 70 % against . 
  ahh , the time when moose would roam denmark . 
  you brits win the thread . 
  let me just point out that in most eu nations you are free to own guns . 
  it just require some paperwork and registration . 
  in the american `` free states '' the paper trail ends after the background check . 
  both ars , kalashnikovs and what have you are allowed . 
  some nations are stricter than other , like the uk ( but they don \u00b4 t count , do they ? ) . 
  some nations have banned military calibers , while others have magazine restrictions , or a specific ban of military-style rifles in hunting . 
  our politicians refuse to recognise the threat and raise military spending accordingly . 
  in this day and age we should be able to raise hell on our own . 
  direct democracy , \u00e1 la switzerland . 
  at graspop ( metal festival in belgium ) back , some 10 years , i spoke to a few after last band was finished playing . 
  skinhead , nazi-band shirt , old norse tattoos , the lot . 
  me , my friend walked back to the hostel with these guys singing ensiferum-songs horribly as we were all drunk as shit . 
  then we went to our separate rooms , went to sleep and i never saw them again . 
   it is an order of magnitude better than in any other country in this world . 
  agreed . 
  it treats its citizens like adults , unlike representative democracies . 
  the media here often write about the * democratic crisis * ( brexit , trump ) of the west , but imo it is just the result of not having a proper democracy in the first place . 
  i saw a drive-through church in fl . 
  that is a thing ? 
  once i though all pick-ups had 4-wd , because that would make sense as a work/load truck , but it turns out that is rare . 
  that \u00b4 s a bad-assed name ... 
  where the next terrorist attack will take place . 
  i recommend leather shoes . 
  bye-bye to stinky feet . 
  then you should shower and get a fresh pair of socks . 
  we require everyone to have a security clearance . 
  i \u00b4 m pro-mandatory service , but only on a national level . 
  it makes for great trust between civilians and military over time , it teaches a lot of good things one don \u00b4 t learn in school , but nevertheless should know , like first-aid , dressing properly according to climate , handling stress , respectful behaviour as well as a specialised skill . 
  i do , and will continue to serve my nation , but never the eu . 
  going into someones house with your shoes on ... 
  the king is a pretty chill dude . 
  he likes to drive his nice audi himself , with his body guards in the back . 
  i \u00b4 ve had the pleasure of speaking to him once when he visited the base where i work . 
  he will crack a joke with a straight face just for fun , which is cool but a little confusing . 
  even though he is by default the highest ranking officer in the armed forces , he is pretty laid back with the ceremonial stuff . 
  plenty of nice stories from the kings guards as well . 
  krag and j\u00f8rgensen ? 
  met an american once . 
  he was into black metal , and had learned a lot . 
  pinnekj\u00f8tt , steamed and salted sheep with rutabaga and potatoes . 
  traditional west coast . 
  ribbe , pork with sauerkraut , vegies , sauce and potatoes . 
  more of a south eastern thing . 
  torsk , codfish with bacon and extras . 
  northern parts . 
  indeed you should not . 
  but they need to change their flag before i can fully embrace them . 
  eu wants to ban semi-automatic sports firearms . 
  they did not bother with an impact assessment , and they are using nefarious methods to get this to pass . 
  this is the first and a major step for complete disarmament of the population , in a time when we should rather arm ourselves . 
  i believe you saw an object you could not identify . 
  seen several . 
  as for flying saucers , well ... as for nwo , i \u00b4 m more concerned with the eu . 
  these days they want to ban semi-automatic firearms . 
  taking the first aim for disarmament of the population . 
  sounds like it could be turkey . 
  norwegian , french and english at fluent levels . 
  amen . 
  sweden , denmark , iceland , finland , in that order . 
  i thought the schindler museum in krakow was pretty underwhelming . 
  in norway ; most attractions in oslo is pretty boring . 
  aim for the scenery on the west coast instead . 
  norwegian , and i suppose scandinavian languages in general are pretty stripped of formalities , titles and unnecessary politeness . 
  at least compared to french , english and german . 
  `` you '' , or `` first name '' are pretty standard . 
  in the military you go by rank or surname .
