  the schrodinger british !, 
  i also understand africans better , even when i have france just near here . 
  it 's clearly a matter of pronunciation . 
  anyway , a problem that english has , its that there is no language academy so rules apply weirdly . 
  just because something is done one way , it doesnt meant its the best way . 
  having an academy is really helpful to make people follow standards . 
  and standards are cool to be sure everyone understands each other , which is the primary purpose of a language . 
  every technical field has standards for this very reason . 
  languages evolved `` organically '' but just because there wasnt a conscience of a need of standardization . 
  wow , i 'd pay to have a commute on rainbow road !, 
  mmm , there is a pattern here ... 
  we do n't want to be pissed about something , the concern is real . 
  the `` active population '' ( idk the proper translation ) has lowered around 500k , and that 's the people that qualifies for being employed , or unemployed . 
  it could be people that went to other countries or transferred to another administrative category , i did n't research it more . 
  the only positive thing is that we have roughly 100k people employed more . 
  that 's cool , but the overall situation did n't change . 
  both private and public sector barely changed their dynamics , and sicen we are still in deficit and have a really huge problem with pensions ahead , in a period of , maybe , 5 or 6 months ( the state pensions fund will empty ) taxes will increase for everyone . 
  so yeah , better this than higher unemployment , but it 's not like we are going to cheer us up . 
  well , that seems like mario kart !, 
  i think i 'm trained enough then . 
  throwing bananas and turtles all over the place . 
  ... dynamic ? 
  well , they also have lamborghinis xd, 
  because they have their ferraris all over the place , so they get to work racing like maniacs . 
  of course . 
  but it goes both ways . 
  if someone wants to make a point saying that it 's unethical , i find quite ... strage demanding it to a country who 's not sure if it will be covered by nato when having an incident . 
  tbh being in a position where you ca n't be sure to trust nato is not really pleasant . 
  we had an incident with morocco in the past and nobody cared . 
  so it 's pretty normal that the spanish government and military have this stance . 
  it 's just a little slap to nato . 
  if they do n't support us when we have problems , even when are little ones , how can we trust them ? 
  it feels like that . 
  that 's a common choice . 
  if you are highly educated , and you want to build your own life , why not ? 
  everyone tries a different explanation , but you are true , it 's difficult to understand . 
  anyway , if i had to say one contributing variable , i 'd say corporate elites/culture . 
  many spanish corporations are doing ok or even better than their european counterparts , still manage to pay very low and get away with it . 
  i have my company as example . 
  if that trickles down , ends up with people having less purchasing power , etc etc etc. 
  ofc that 's just a tiny part of it . 
  well , paella seems a bit overhyped overseas , but it really is tasty if you do it right . 
  anyway i 'm with you , there 's a lot more than paella , and way better . 
  it feels like masturbating with superpowers . 
  upvoted because people is such an idiot to downvote a comment like this one . 
  i ca n't even understand how people votes sometimes , it 's like emotionally retarded people flying over every subreddit , downvoting everything that makes them cry . 
  i 'm also a leftist , and i 'm also very angry with european left . 
  maybe it sounds weird to you , but there 's people capable of emotionally detached choices and thoughts . 
  totally . 
  i have an old niva , and jesus , it was awful . 
  it is a pain in the ass as a car . 
  but , the car is still going on , and we had like 4 accidents with it in the mountains . 
  we have even been upside down with it . 
  but it 's so easy to fix ... 
  i can suck my own dick . 
   what makes you say that ? 
  do you know many brits being from canada ? 
  ho many sorrys a day ? 
  idk in italy , but in spain is definitely a problem of money . 
  it may be a culture of `` family '' but most people i talked to it 's just lack of money + uncertainty . 
  if you ca n't get a job enough easy if your contract ends , you are very likely not paying the rent . 
  man , gibraltar is only a tool that the spanish conservative government uses to agitate it voters , and only the most nationalists . 
  we do n't give a fuck about it , seriously . 
  we do n't even think about it until someone brings up the topic . 
  lol are you kidding me . 
  you are detached from reality man . 
  you are not even close to know what is to be bullied or getting hate . 
  i ca n't believe what you are saying . 
  abengoa , they did a bunch , but not enough to be leaders on anything . 
  then they 'd love spain , because here regional governments are in charge of education , public health systems , and most of the interactions that you have with the state . 
  because the big electric generation sector is lobbying to prevent that . 
  they made lots of investiments on combined-cycle centrals , and they want to get their money back . 
  everyone is investing in wind and solar , but just slowly to prevent a dramatic drop in the electricity price . 
  well , regional governments are still going , so not really ... 
  tbh the stats are not really explaining anything . 
  most of the criticism is justified , although if you look at proper studies you will still find italian and spanish hss at the top . 
  idk in italy , but in spain the situation is more complicated because it 's de-centralized , and it depends a lot on the regional governments . 
  and of course spending cuts will start to hurt in the coming years . 
  man , stop that bs over the thread , come on . 
  spanish healthcare may be good but people does not come only for that . 
  you 're a fucking resentful , come on . 
  qualified immigration is precisely what you want to get . 
  and doctors fall in that category . 
  afaik what britain has is a problem with nurses , that went under qualified somehow . 
  yes , many of them are toll roads , and not cheap precisely . 
  most of the time you have an autov\u00eda to cover the same destination , but most of the time it 's slower , although not in a bad shape as other users suggest . 
  have you been in a different spain than me ? 
  autobahns are common for everyone . 
  and yes , the railroad system could be much better planned , but it 's still functional , and most of the equipment is pretty new ( one of the problems with renfe , they spend money in buying stuff that we really do n't need ) . 
  afaik that 's mostly in central spain plateau . 
  northern soil tends to be fertile , and there 's also a lot of production on the mediterranean coast . 
  everything you want to build needs a tunnel or a bridge . 
  wtf ? 
  are you sure ? 
  i went into this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internet_in_germany#cable didnt it improve ? 
  : / then your best bet is to wait for cable or fiber . 
  but that 's on mobile broadband . 
  wimax antennas can be installed by little isps , and they do n't tend to charge over volume . 
  otherwise they couldnt compete against dsl . 
  and you have dsl for sure .
