  i think they had it in english somewhere . 
  im not in my pc now , but you can see the sources in the blog and the workbook . 
  i can also share the folder . 
  if you still need more clarification reply again to this msg so i remember to clarify it tomorrow . 
  anyway , basically yes , i didnt put it together blindly . 
  population in the workbook comes from eurostat . 
  they have a table with population by citizenship for every country , where their criteria matches with the german police . 
  it sounds like `` nacionalidad '' in spanish , which means citizenship . 
  who knows . 
  producing good statistical data is very expensive , specially surveys , so if they already get that data with qualitative reports from police , they wo n't bother to translate that into numbers . 
  the problem with qualitative data is that it gives you much more insight , but is much harder to play with . 
  i 'm sure that if we look for reports by the german police we could find stuff about it , but that requires a team of guys . 
  i tried to find surveys covering it , but failed . 
  it makes sense to exclude that data , you can read about that law if you want . 
  it 's mostly crimes that does n't fit what actually people will understand as crime , which is theft , murder , child abuse and so on . 
  anyway if you feel uncomfortable about it i can link both tables so you can compare . 
  is it enough for you ? 
  thank you !, 
  well , that 's what the tables are showing more or less . 
  they are linked , or they are not ? 
  or is your ass linked with crime ? 
  is there any official site with data to download in english ? 
  i 'll take a look , thank you !, 
  well , i guess that can be done with surveys . 
  maybe i can find something like attitudes towards the host country or something like that . 
  but is he saying it about the calculations made in the pic , or his sources ? 
  mmm , that 's problematic , because for adding it into the post i 'll need something to trust , at least a bit . 
  and preferably something to work with better than a jpg . 
  yep , it could be . 
  and i guess that can be done with surveys . 
  the problem with surveys is that it 's expensive as fuck to make good ones . 
  if you find any data source related with your idea , let me know it and i 'll throw it into the blender , 
  i see you are updating the post . 
  just inform you that i do n't speak german nor i read it . 
  that ads a layer of difficulty to find data , but if you post links in german i can only read it by using google translate , and it 's fairly complicated to grasp anything with it . 
  mmm , that looks interesting . 
  i 'll give it a bite . 
  it seems a good beginning for a thesis though . 
  when i was writing this post i found that relative poverty was probably the easier metric to work with , but i had problems to trust the calculations . 
  how do you feel about it ? 
  wow , thank you !, 
  do you know the source ? 
  i do n't see it in the pic . 
  read this : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5k9ut4/are_refugees_andor_migrants_really_linked_to/dbmf7co/ i 'll exclude crime against foreigners law in the next update . 
  mmm , i did n't see anything about ethnicity . 
  so if you get double nationality you count as a german , iirc . 
  that 's what may have confused me , those studies where about the us and southern spain , and about specific areas where they where clearly pointing on poor populations . 
  if you remember anything about this topic , like a link , article or something i 'll be glad to read about it . 
  of course i understand the difference . 
  i do n't know what are you salty about , i 've been reading about it and yes , i found that it did n't fit the narrative . 
  i did n't save the news so i ca n't prove it to you , but calm down man , i 'm not whitewashing anything , in fact if you read my blog post i clearly link the crime with islam/education . 
  i 'll modify the calculations this week . 
  it will take a bit of time because i did n't find the data in csv or xls , so i have to manually copy and paste from the pdf 's which fucks the format etc. 
  and you 're not harsh man , this is like having review for free  edit : yes , at least the pks 2015 includes data without cases against foreigners law . 
  thank you for pointing this out . 
  in the case of syrians , for example , it came from 4000/1000 in 2012 to ~ 1000/1000 in 2015 that 's what i talk about . 
  if we know that the migrant wave is more recent , and migrants should be linked with crime , should n't the rate increase and not decrease ? 
  and apparently i did n't exclude crimes against foreign law that this dude mentions : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5k9ut4/are_refugees_andor_migrants_really_linked_to/dbmf7co/?context=3 so the rate may be even lower , that 's why i made the other two graphs . 
  mmm , you are right . 
  i may modify it then . 
  i 've done this thread for you all guys : https://www.reddit.com/r/mexico/comments/5k9ztm/feliz_navidad_desde_reurope/, 
  i hate this reddit markdown , i can not put something like < p  here . 
  any suggestions about my poor english skills , change the way something is calculated , source of data or whatever the idea , is welcomed . 
  wow , did n't know that . 
  the spanish government is saying something obvious , that scotland is not independent yet so it can not negotiate anything . 
  it 's not a sovereign state . 
  here , in galicia , i 'm still to see the traditional season of strong wins , rain , etc. 
  is n't it beautiful ? 
  you became one without noticing it !, 
  did n't you noticed , you are a white supremacist !, 
  it 's crappy . 
  anyway , there 's no reliable source anymore since google adwords messed up with the keyword planner . 
  so aliens have a difficult time speaking human . 
  i see . 
  yep , i went to one once and it was awful . 
  haha jam\u00f3n is the only thing that can fight jam\u00f3n !, 
  you do n't understand how hard is to moderate a community until you have to do it . 
  you are risking your life saying this . 
  be aware on the streets . 
  nobody wants a jam\u00f3n proyectile impacting your head at 300m/s . 
  check your back , you could have an accident someday . 
  excuses . 
  be a man and drink estrella galicia . 
  but first , go purge your sins in the nearest church . 
  i disagree with your disagreement . 
  i do n't remember the taste of ambar . 
  how is it ? 
  yeah man . 
  having estrella galicia and they still drink that . 
  i see many times this kind of news about southern europe . 
  of course , do n't dare to explain in the comment section why the report is wrong . 
  i 'd say that his statement is mostly irrelevant at best . 
  anyway , thanks to prove me wrong about your votes . 
  the `` guy point '' was just a random phrase with no significant meaning . 
  your point is that isis do not kill because religious reasons but , i guess , because geopolitical ones , which is rather difficult to prove , either by their declarations or by who they kill , as i already mentioned . 
  so again , stop calling people idiot . 
  it would be also nice to not use the downvote with people you do n't agree with . 
  it 's not demostrable , because that could be only correlation . 
  it could perfectly be that isis kills more muslims just because they are easier to kill . 
  as they do n't just kill muslims , but muslims with specific characteristics .
