  wtf are we doing . 
  so you are a nazi with a 1988 acura integra . 
  more anti semites ? 
  i hardly believe that . 
  prove it . 
  hmmm that 's suspicious ... 
  yep . 
  i suppose that this fits in their effort to build a discourse where russia has been allways a great nation ( and their elites have never been corrupted ) so anything bad comes from western world . 
  it 's sad but many russians will believe that . 
  i really wanted and approach between european union and russia , but , come on ... 
  well , i really do n't understand why not . 
  i feel that in spain we know nothing about portugal , which i find nonsense . 
  anyway we sang grandola vila morena in plaza del sol , when we had the whole 15m thing going on , so that 's something xd, 
  i smell so much love in this thread !, 
  you perfectly know what he 's talking about . 
  yes , its sad for both citizens but ... 
  i lold too, 
  lol 100 % true . 
  they might be , but tbh , spanish media rarely talks about portugal , so people is really misinformed . 
  i still think on it sometimes , and ca n't really understand why , since is our direct and most natural neighbor , not france or any other country . 
  well , that was a bunch of years ago , so i do n't remember the details , but as far as i remember there 's not many people that identify themselves as spanish . 
  they said `` i 'm galician , and also spanish '' , where galician was like an emotional bond , talking about galician culture or `` to be galician '' , and spanish was because they 'd think that galicia should not be independent . 
  that position was very clear . 
  aside of making a marketing campaign for our client , what i learned is that if galicia has something like pnv , pp would not stand a chance . 
  no , but most galicians identify themselves as galicians first . 
  even conservatives make a clear distinction between galicia and the rest of spain . 
  we even did ads and marketing campaings based on that in my work . 
  it sounds very different to me . 
  exactly . 
  in galicia every corner has it 's own name . 
  you can get semi automatic rifles in spain , yet people simply does not buy it . 
  noobs . 
  we won the unemployment game long ago . 
  that 's and statement coming from someone who 's not leftist . 
  i 'm , more or less , a social democrat , and i hate the pc brigades as much as you , if not more . 
  oh , and i 'm not even a feminist , and i refuse to be labeled as one , even when i believe in equality . 
  so i guess i 'm going to a leftists hell . 
  i 'm not going to tell you that there 's lost of people like me , but we are not special or different as the rests of society . 
  the moral corruption that affects the whole society has to have its impact in the left too . 
  i do n't understand this people . 
  is n't this going against its own agenda ? 
  i mean , i you want no borders , you also want to push a narrative about peaceful migrants , is n't it ? 
  how getting people angry is supposed to help this cause ? 
  so they did , then . 
  if this is true , what is supposed frontex to do . 
  i mean , they bring resources ? 
  so what help they exactly denied ? 
  sources ? 
  has the eu offered something ? 
  afaik greece has been asking for help long ago . 
  and they have been ignored until the problem moved to northern countries . 
  greece is in the eu , so they do n't have to ask like poor boys to be blessed by other countries , maybe a little bit of cooperation helps , instead of bulling them everytime there is an opportunity , for the sake of each one internal politics . 
  they turn down offers to help ? 
  is there any source ? 
  because everything that i remember about the financial situation in greece is not precisely giving them any help . 
  anyway , have you seen an schengen map ? 
  controlling borders in greece will not lead to any solution , because greece is not bordering any other schengen country , so , what does the eu want ? 
  what should greeks do ? 
  in spain we build barriers and we register people and it does not stop immigrants from coming , and we do n't even have to deal with the middle-east thing , so maybe bulling greece is not only unethical , it 's nonsense from a practical viewpoint . 
  exactly . 
  blaming greece is nonsense . 
  wow , how unexpected , huh ? 
  greece should relocate itself in the north pole . 
  silly greeks , always asking to be in the border . 
  greece is trying to register everyone , but they receive a huge influx and have no resources to control all of them . 
  i have not to remind you who 's president called refugees to come , who 's government bullied others who rejected this bullshit and who 's government has lost control of 600k migrants in it 's own territory . 
  yeah . 
  for me is pretty damn close to reading klingon , xd, 
  what a coincidence that we got refugees and this things start to be common , isnt it ? 
  oh i 'm sorry , i 'm being so racist for adressing that correlation . 
  i 'm just getting tired of this discourse . 
  what kind of wishful thinking is that ? 
  so you want them no not study anything . 
  if the output of their test is that women had lower performance , what do you want them to do ? 
  just ignore it , like it did n't happen ? 
  press someone until results magically change ? 
  you do n't want an army formed on statistical principles , so formed on what . 
  i 'm serious , i do n't get it . 
  i 'm not saying i do n't want women in the army . 
  i want them in the army , but that knowledge has to be applied somehow . 
  i also like alice in the wonderland , but ukraine is already at war . 
  because that 's something that the entire society benefits from . 
  no because having kids playing soldiers , but because the output is , often , someone who has more awareness of what being on shit is . 
  and that usually changes your character . 
  well , but the actual model is n't the ideal imho . 
  it 's cheap tourism which comes here for sun , cheap drinks and fiesta . 
  so the flip side is that you get lots of scum from other countries , generating a model through time where we totally destroyed our coast . 
  benidorm , for example , is ugly as fuck , with that crappy high towers just in front of the beach . 
  so it 's a business of volume , and i 'm not sure that 's what we need . 
  better margins , less people and better care of our national heritage is the go for , imo . 
  we know that , at least in academic/business circles . 
  spain has potential , but we seem to be unable to exploit it . 
  we are very bad at coming with any collective planning , mostly due our constant conflict between business , state , civil society and different layers . 
  i do n't expect this to change anytime soon . 
  i find our behavior very similar , isnt it ? 
  i 'd say 50 % of our tourism is alcohol in the mediterranean . 
  i do n't like it , to be honest . 
  why is the thing about spain ? 
  is it because soap operas ? 
  i do n't really understand why spain is at the top .
