  if landowners are desperate for selling their assets that 's their fucking problem , i have zero empathy with them seeing how the housing market works . 
  i 'm also so sorry for the car industry but i 'd rather buy a second-handed car . 
  as i did with my laptop , and probably my next mobile phone . 
  it could be easier , but it 's not `` a nightmare '' . 
  it 's expensive tho . 
  well , by corporate jobs you mean madrid and maybe barcelona , because the rest of spain is a fucking desert . 
  indra , everis and the whole consultant bucket is hiring very few people in my city , and they were very active back in the days . 
   i can register my business wherever the fuck i want and still benefit from living in spain and employing spanish people , but i will pay my taxes to the uk / ireland / netherlands . 
  meec . 
  if you register your business somewhere else and you are admiistering it from spain , better hacienda do n't know about it because they will go after you . 
  the problem is , who 's proposing a simplification of the system ? 
  basically no one . 
  some people talk about it but they have no proposal . 
  meh , it 's basically exports and `` creative accounting '' , plus construction and tourism . 
  i 'm only happy about the exports , tbh . 
  anyway , salaries are stagnant , unemployment still too high and rents increasing the price steadily . 
  so if my landlord increases the rent of my flat i 'll need to leave it . 
  i remember those days . 
  it was not only the bombings , but the confusion and the political shitstorm . 
  is not that difficult . 
  it should be more difficult for a spaniard . 
  come on ... it happend to everyone when they fucked it up . 
  happend to spaniards , to greeks , to germans , and not the uk . 
  do n't feel that special . 
  i do n't know if he is retarded or not , but this interview is a bit ... you know when you hear a teenager arguing and pretending to be smart ? 
  that 's how i feel about it . 
  well , the european comission is the executive branch . 
  maybe if we move more power towards the parliament . 
  but anyway this stupid laws may pass from time to time . 
  well , then i totally get why people do n't want to get that job . 
  you all will be surprised the day you realize how gdp is growing in spain . 
  that construction and tourism is again pushing the economy up . 
  we are heading for another bubble to burst and that will hit the eu . 
  salaries are almost the same and prices are going up . 
  foreign investment into construction sector is increasing . 
  this growth is just a reflection . 
  the spanish industrial base is almost the same . 
  it had a tiny growth , none of the large structural issues of the spanish state have been tackled , and the institutional wars over power and corruption are on fire ( and who knows about the result ) so the possibility of all of this blowing up is very real . 
  hey macron , hope you have strong health , you 're gon na need it . 
  ok dude , but please let 's just not throw everything at the us . 
  we had time to react . 
  heh , wait for the spanish shitshow ( again ) . 
  let the euphoria rest a bit . 
  we have shit going on so sooner or later we will be talking about it . 
  this sub , thankfully , is not just meme wars . 
  dude , this is just for banter . 
  many people in this sub is happy because most of us think that the eu is better than not having it , not because we love it . 
  in fact is pretty easy to join the criticism here , or did you just forget all the stuff that happend here a few months ago about the refuggee crisis , the terrorist attacks , or when greece went bankrupt , or everytime the comission fucks it up ? 
  pretending to know what food is about . 
  we should do a thread with eu alternatives . 
   if you really want to do something about it , stop using google/android . 
  it 's not easy ... we hardly have eu alternatives . 
  i remember we had two little companies making search engines and nokia is using android nowadays so ... 
  guess they do n't pay enough ? 
  i do n't think you understand what communism is about . 
  not at all . 
  afaik is pretty common everywhere . 
  the spanish government is just plain corruption , because the party in power is just corruption as a way of living . 
  if we are talking about the spanish administration ( public institutions ) they are more or less capable , but they are just under heavy fire from everywhere . 
  most spanish institutions are facing huge internal wars between political leaders , public employees and sort of factions . 
  basically many public employees in taxation agencies , police , guardia civil etc are trying to get people connected to the traditional powers of the country , in jail . 
  but that does not come for free , so they face every kind of shit imaginable . 
  so your average joe in hacienda is not only doing his day-to-day job , he 's trying to get the job done with half of the resources he used to , trying to defend himself and his boss because his office decided to go after someone connected to the pp party or any other with power , etc etc. 
  also , because of budget cuts , the government is opening very few positions , so as you imagine the average age of public employees keeps increasing . 
  some of them have a hard time keeping track of new advances that could make them more productive so ... that 's the situation . 
  it 's not like they were very efficient before , but given the situation you have to be realistic about what to expect from them . 
   you studied this phenomena for a company , but you say that airbnb is not generating wealth ? 
  travelers spend money in local business , flights , services etc so i do n't understand how this is true , even if most of the rent is offshored . 
  i ' l sum it up this way : airbnb contributes to rising prices for the housing market , depriving locals from resources , in the way of reducing housing offer and increasing prices . 
  most of the people that gets into airbnb are very wealthy , so they even sometimes pay up x10 of what a local would pay every month . 
  it also pushes locals to the outskirts increasing their costs in transportation and causing a arguable decrease of quality of life . 
  it 's not the only causing factor but it already has an impact . 
  hotels pay salaries , taxes , lots of external services , do n't compete in the housing market , and are way easy to control for the administration ( lots of bla bla bla about legislation ) . 
  we concluded that airbnb rents ( well , we where studying vacation rentals , not only airbnb ) are not net constributors . 
  the main problem was clearly that they fuck everything up in the housing market . 
  let 's imagine the journey of someone who 's goint to work in ibiza and looks for a rent . 
  let 's say he 's being paid 2000 $ for a menial job . 
  he goes into the internet ( idealista.com ) , filters by `` cheaper '' and sees 1200 $ / month . 
  he thinks `` well , it 's expensive but i can deal with that '' , calls the landwoner , and founds : 1 ) it 's already taken . 
  very common . 
  it may be the landowner just testing the market . 
  2 ) are you a funcionario ( public employee = stable income = security for the landowner ) ? 
  then try somewhere else . 
  3 ) we 've got a lot of offers , how much are you willing to pay ? 
  ( starting from 1200 $ obviously ) 4 ) we only rent for x months . 
  5 ) tourist season ? 
  multiply everything by a lot . 
  it could be x2 , x3 , who knows , it depends . 
  imagine this guy finds a place , or maybe a shared flat . 
  then he goes to ibiza , and discovers that you ca n't strech 2000 $ / month like you would do in mainland spain , because simply going to the grocery store is way more expensive . 
  this is a common problem for companies , specially little ones . 
  they can pay a lot for say , a guy who adds a lot of value for the company , but you ca n't pay 2000 $ to every cashier or cleaner because that increases costs a lot . 
  so they find themselves in this catch22 situation where they ca n't just pay more and increase prices because the demand varies a lot by season but it 's actually pretty inelastic in terms of pricing . 
   the population density is 230/km give or take depending on season , so its not densely populated by eu standards . 
  the statistics i found seem to suggest the native population is just 13000/100000 ? 
  so its not much of a stretch to think they could develop social homes enough to get the price down a bit for locals at least . 
  ibiza ( town ) is about 50k with about 4500hab/km2 . 
  ibiza ( island ) is about 150k . 
  idk where did you get that numbers . 
  anyway , there 's a lot of floating population , lots of workers and around 2 millon tourist that go to the island every year .
