  pp is a conservative-ish party , even when they have a bunch of ignorands and a handful of people that are borderline francoist . 
  that does n't make the whole party fascist . 
  jesus i never pictured myself defending pp on reddit : /, 
  given your choices , id say estonia , ireland or spain . 
  estonia is cool on everything involving businesses , but it 's a small place and weather is not that cool . 
  if business-friendly administration is a must , estonia is in a good place . 
  ireland has english , also fairly business-friendly administration , but cost are way higher than spain or estonia . 
  spain has a good weather and lifestyle , plus if you go to valencia instead of madrid and barcelona : 1 ) 700k pop city with easy connections with madrid , barcelona , uk , france , germany , etc. 
  2 ) way cheaper than madrid or barcelona . 
  3 ) technical workforce available . 
  assuming you business is in it there 's enough talent pool , and wages are lower than uk or france . 
  if you want to hire freelancers or consultants , the sector is mature enough , and many firms are working with american or international clients ( they might be more expensive though ) 3 ) you could go to the beach , even in winter ( i 'm galician so i suppose your body is used to a similar climate as mine ) . 
  4 ) good internet connections for the most part . 
  remote places will have at least 6mbps dsl , with 300 mbps available in many cities . 
  drawbacks : 1 ) the spanish administration is a bit of a mess ( it 's changing , but not fast enough ) , plus taxes are higher than estonia . 
  it would be a bit complicated for you because everything is framed with exceptions and complicated stuff for a foreigner , so i 'd recommend you to hire someone to help you from the beginning . 
  i might be exaggerating a bit because most companies and startups seem to have no problems with it , but that 's how i feel it . 
  2 ) you probably will gain weight due tasty food available everywhere . 
  i do n't think that 's the case . 
  i really think that many people in europe thinks that exceptionalism is a bad idea , because if you study european history , it comes over and over again , with no good outcome . 
  so many people can not put it together , because this is knowledge acquired throughout lots of history classes , but the background song in their mind might be something like `` you country might be great , but be careful because thinking too much about it might backfire '' . 
  it wo n't hurt . 
  i lurk over r/startups and a bunch more , so yeah . 
  - atlantic spain : rainy , green , warm summers , rough winters , more quiet people , not as outgoing , more grupal . 
  food tends to be very loaded with stuff , strong flavours . 
  distinct languages are galician , basque , and maybe bable , but afaik it 's a bunch of dialects with few things in common . 
  it comprehends galicia , asturias , cantabria , the basque country , navarra and chunks of northern castilla-le\u00f3n . 
  - mediterranean spain : pretty much the opposite of northerners . 
  warm winters and hot summers , much more outgoing and open to people they do n't know , more talkative , food with more soft flavours . 
  it comprehends catalonia , valencia , balearic islands , murcia and andaluc\u00eda , where the typical portrait of spain comes from . 
  this is very broad , of course , and there are a bunch of regions left , but we could say that they mostly fall under a combination of this two groups . 
  if you dig into it you will realize that there are important differences in their way of living , talking or organizing life even within regions , so i did my best . 
  in spain you pay between 600 to maybe 2000 $ a year , depending on what are you going to study , and the regional government policies . 
  you can also go to private univ. 
  where most of them are +10 k a year . 
  most people goes for public ones , because it 's rare to find better private universities and the cost is way lower . 
  do you find qwant up to google search quality ? 
  are you satisfied with bing performance ? 
  duckduckgo , or , being from russia , yandex . 
  that 's why we need esperanto everywhere . 
  so i can conquer europe with my dick . 
  idk in other countries , but there is an us expat network around spain , basically coordinated on facebook . 
  it goes mostly by city groups with names like `` us expats madrid '' and so on . 
  not really difficult to find . 
  my recommendation is to always go to 2nd tier cities in europe . 
  capitals or very popular cities usually make for good places for short stays , not for living more than a year . 
  think that salaries here are way lower than the us , so you have to take that into account . 
  living in barcelona is very expensive for example . 
  i mean , you can go for it but you ability to save money would be very diminished . 
  if you go for valencia instead , it 's a +700 k city , beach , warm climate , easy to travel around , etc , and it 's waaay cheaper than madrid or barcelona . 
  that applies for most european countries . 
  the trick is balance . 
  in spain , rule of thumb : nort-west towards madrid : fine . 
  tap water perfectly drinkable . 
  mediterranean coast : awful most of the time . 
  you can drink but it has a strong flavour . 
  id say he 's american ... 
  act as a russian the whole time . 
  we do n't relate to race as americans . 
  nationalism in europe is more about culture , because our traditional clashes were more about cultures or nations than races . 
  if you go to eastern europe , they may have a different ethos but they are still white . 
  op , if you are looking for spain , research the region differences . 
  dealing with the administration is hard in galicia ( my region ) but easy in la rioja ( where the famous wine comes from ) . 
  regional governments play a big role in how angry can you become with public services , so take that into account . 
  it also may happen in other countries ( some clients commented about it , but i have no real knowledge about it ) . 
  also , those `` doing business '' reports are very limited , you need to get more insight contacting business associations or something like that . 
  because immigration is causing problems in europe , so people is reacting to it , which gets translated into r/europe i rarely see hate speech in r/europe , tbh most arguments around islam and immigration seemed pretty decent to me , except , maybe , terrorist attacks , which gets people mad , but i do n't blame em for that . 
  i have family in france and i know how they feel . 
  we actually want to understand each other , so no , thanks . 
  here is a nice visualization : http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/gbr/ 2014 data iirc the problem is not only importing / exporting to the eu . 
  is that you loose the frame of every deal under every eu membership . 
  in example : my company has an us client that uses uk as base for their operations over the rest of the eu . 
  they are now considering moving to other country , although they did n't decided yet where . 
  they are big , and given the kind of business i bet they are not the only ones . 
  other thing that might happen is that imagine that brexit happens . 
  how many substitute products can the uk produce for those previously imported from the eu ? 
  and how will it happen in the eu ? 
  i did n't go very deep but i think that uk has the weaker position here . 
  yep , the siesta stereotype is so common . 
  there may be people who takes siestas , but definitely not more common than other countries . 
  yeah its a bit weird . 
  i 'd say that the widespread opinion in galicia is more about being pre-roman descendants . 
  do you really think that 's a widespread opinion ? 
  if you value so much that , there not many places to go . 
  mostly little countries like others mentioned . 
  estonia , malta , cyprus , stuff like that . 
  anywhere in the world , you either get charged with taxes or get imposed some trivial law system that puts you at the mercy of the king/leader of the time , without any rights . 
  is n't there any non-premium uk brand ? 
  this extreme sentiments over your political opinions that you seem to have in reddit are not common in europe , at least as far as my knowledge goes . 
  i find it pretty irritating to be honest . 
  money is in the us . 
  that 's why . 
  do you want to have high salaries ? 
  go to the us . 
  it 's is possible to have +100 k in the eu but it 's much more difficult , either because thats a tiny proportion in your country or because it 's a country not that easy to get access to ( switzerland ) . 
  in galicia sometimes the regional administration calls hunters to hun wild boards because of overpopulation . 
  as far as i remember it also happened with wolves , but i might be wrong with this one . 
  i saw a bunch of them the past week near a road . 
  they were using crossbows , not hunting rifles , idk why . 
  my great grandfather house in lugo : https://www.google.es/maps/place/lugo/@43.0096009,-7.5580715,3a,60y,275.29h,106.13t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sg1wkwhb_lakbbijg1fixwg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656!4m5!3m4!1s0xd31ce80b130876d:0x1f305fbf2867050c!8m2!3d43.0097384!4d-7.5567582?hl=es it 's not `` typical '' but it mostly untouched since then .
