  which armies and intelligence agencies do we have ? 
  france , germany , poland is catching on ( idk in intelligence ) but everyone else is just so tiny . 
  he did n't say so . 
  well , first of all , you should read comments twice before replying , because i did n't say anything about treating us like enemies . 
  we did n't begin this , so if you are butthurt because europeans think that they can not trust the us , then you should look at your own country . 
  it 's pretty natural for an european when you closer allied seems to pivot in favor of your enemies . 
  and if we do n't have anything of value to share with , i do n't understand why that was the policy in the us for that many years to begin with . 
  i do n't think that you have any intention to suggest that the us administration has been full of dumb people for so many decades , is n't it ? 
  so maybe you are a bit driven by your emotions . 
  we do n't need to boycott america , we just should be careful about what we share with them . 
  we should do a series about spain , but i have to admit that i do n't have enough knowledge myself . 
  i feel a bit ashamed . 
  i do n't think it 's a shithole , but living in africa you would need to take in account many things that we just take it for granted in europe . 
  i 'd still prefer czechia , let 's not kid ourselves . 
  i 'd rather live in czechia than anywhere in africa , and i bet i 'm not the only one . 
  i do n't think we are getting it . 
  the moment they land in any region where the pp is ruling , they 're going to regret it . 
  wow , i love it !, 
  haha, 
  we joke with that a lot , but i changed my mind when i started to browse for statistics in other countries . 
  the problem is not only if poorer countries try hard to improve . 
  the problem is that , this union , by design , makes it harder for them . 
  i wo n't cry here again about the necessity of having a fiscal union when already having a monetary one , because there is a lot of literature and papers about that . 
  it 's because most people ca n't picture that military power is much more than just shooting and killing stuff . 
  they do n't understand that it 's an asset for balancing power . 
  but i have a word with a number , it count 's , is n't it ? 
  tbh this is a problem that your country has to overcome , because it 's true that many people identify roma with romanian . 
  so they directly write fiction ? 
  it 's like a sjkhfash diuhas fsadhbfi9 uhsdfuih asdiufh d ok dude, 
  yeah man , we had to battle the fucking reconquista and still zero appreciation . 
  lol 'd, 
  speaking a foreign language is even a big step if you manage to , at least , read some forums , subreddits or whatever , without media filter . 
  i 'm more or less able to speak french and read it ( i have family in bordeaux , they taught me when i was a kid ) and i find it a very big advantage over many other people . 
  i can follow french polls or get more or less what 's the media narrative out there . 
  someone who does not know french or does but just uses it for casual conversations can not grasp at this level , they rely on people who need to translate and they read their interpretation of the facts , which is usually narrow . 
  hehe draw him somewere where nobody speaks english , you 'll how quickly he adapts xd, 
  i find this hard to believe . 
  i mean , i understand part of the article , as i more or less speak french , so i can feel their ethos or way of thinking . 
  so if something happens in france , i could react to it , i do n't need an intellectual interpretation about it . 
  anyway , that might be important for the general public , but i find hard to believe that intelligence agencies have this kind of problems . 
  if you like that , you have tons of cities and towns in spain with that sense . 
  well , you are late mate , i deleted the post . 
  thank you for letting me know anyway . 
  ok , i believe you , could you just provide a video with real subtitles ? 
  thanks . 
  it 's not like russia is very communist tbh , mostly no communist at all . 
  well , two world wars destroying most europe was too much . 
  i mean , most countries had wars , but both ww were so insane that you have to learn from it . 
  it 's a lesson you can not ignore . 
  1 ) it 's a country struggling with massive problems . 
  it seems to be half way modernized in institutions and government , and has interesting stuff like their space program , but from my point of view is a clusterfuck , so much stuff very complicated to manage . 
  i did n't visited it , but my brother did and he have mixed feelings about it . 
  he said he had lots of wonderful experiences , but also had lots of problems and saw many bad things from his perspective . 
  2 ) it 's meh . 
  it 's complicated , it 's an union between countries that were trying to destroy each other not so long ago . 
  3 ) idk , i 'm not a football guy . 
  4 ) that depends a lot on the country . 
  5 ) not very common , but if you have a bossiness you may find the state to be slow , sometimes arbitrary on their decisions , and we have news about corruption on high levels so i 'm sure it might be if you are in the place of having money and dealing with government contracts . 
  although the church has still some residual power in spain , it is not enough to really influence politics . 
  they have some power over conservative electorate but they are loosing it too . 
  in europe , religion seems to play more a role as in intellectual discussions about our background , or customs influenced by it , but it 's not an active part of the public discussion anymore , at least in most of europe , i may be wrong about italy or greece , but extrapolating from spain it could be similar . 
  i think bidets are also popular in certain parts of europe , like spain . 
  mmmm , what 's the difference between left and right wing in india ? 
  has it any particularities ? 
  that being in war is not a good idea . 
  also , that how you design you political institutions is key to success . 
  i 'd recommend you this book : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/why_nations_fail imo india is like in the middle for this things . 
  i see the indian state making efforts to improve the situation with a moderate success . 
  same here , yeah , that seems some success but that wo n't feed our dams enough ... 
  meanwhile in galicia , not even raining ... 
  i ca n't remember any winter this dry . 
  wasnt consumption decriminalized ? 
  then how this cofeeshops even exist ? 
  is there public stats on prevalence and prices before and after decriminalization in the netherlands ? 
  well , the article represent only a partial truth . 
  we also had much less muslim migrants than germany or france , which seems to be the ones who cause more cultural friction , instead of eastern europeans , latin americans or asians . 
  oh boy , they perfectly could be way more right-wing . 
  nobody cares in spain . 
  that 's the reality . 
  i may get one of this nikolaos guy guides . 
  i never tried anything greek in the kitchen . 
  idk , how much does germany invest in preventive healthcare ? 
  in spain , we have regions that manage to have an smaller relative budget for beds , specialists and hospitals because of having a strong primary healthcare center network , with preventive programs and so on , while others rely much more on hospitals and specialist , but spending relatively more . 
  from this experience in spain , it seems that preventive healthcare is way cheaper , because the very element that makes the system expensive ( having a patient ) is being kept outside . 
  iirc it also reduces the risk of having patients with chronic diseases , which are a problem . 
  my region is experiencing an increase in disposable income given this map . 
  idk how much confidence we should have in this , i 'm sure that it 's the opposite . 
  it was research , not anecdotal evidence , so hold your horses . 
  well , i did n't notice that you were from tiny netherlands !, 
  well , the distance from my city to barcelona is roughly 900km ... 
  well , i 'm not going to back it out with facts because i 'm in a break now , but i 've studied the spanish healthcare system and there are so many regional differences , that makes this map worthless . 
  in spain , as other countries also do , healthcare is ruled by regional governments , so you can get either very top treatment to shit one , just by driving 400km . 
  i encourage anyone to look at their methodology , because by looking over the map , something may be wrong . 
  it does n't match with what i remember . 
  whoa whoa where is the trigger warning for those in the military ? 
  yeah , it 's infuriating . 
  italians were complaining before that they were eating all the shit , and nobody cared . 
  i 'd be very angry if i was italian . 
  in spain , if you go to http://meneame.net the main news aggregation site , most people seems to think that ukranians are fascists . 
  basically , leftists in spain have a weird fetish with russia , as it represents everything of what is good against the evil eu/usa colonialism and so on .
