  this is why you guys get paid so little, 
  meh , fuck it . 
  steal their internets, 
  mmm , i want to edit the title , is n't it possible ? 
  gross, 
  it 's much easier to meet new people in madrid or barcelona . 
  that 's what i miss . 
  here is like i ca n't get more . 
  the actual report : http://www.ine.es/en/prensa/np983_en.pdf i have no time now , but i wanted to get the distributions for each region compared to madrid or barcelona . 
  if someone wants to play , here is the data ( results by percentiles and multiple variables + microdata ) : http://www.ine.es/dyngs/inebase/en/operacion.htm?c=estadistica_c&amp;cid=1254736177025&amp;menu=resultados&amp;secc=1254736195110&amp;idp=1254735976596, 
  average it salary is not representative . 
  less developed ? 
  well it depends . 
  there is a difference in everything , but it 's not like there is shitty roads or bad transportation . 
  it 's not impossible to find truly abandoned places , in fact pretty common , but you really have to go to small cities or the countryside . 
  if you go to mid-sized cities , most of them feel like on par on infrastructures , but smaller . 
  think that spain is very decentralized and regional governments control a large portion of what 's going on . 
  anyway i do n't know much about your country so i can not really make a comparison . 
  but , for example , galicia , the region where i live has been traditionally poor , and to me is a pretty confortable place to live . 
  there is a problem with public transport but it 's due population dispersion and complicated orography . 
  hospitals are ok , services are ok . idk , i do n't feel like i miss quality compared to madrid or barcelona . 
  mmmn , idk . 
  most of the people is in the 900-1000 bracket in madrid and barcelona anyway . 
  higher salaries are there , of course , but it 's not like it 's very rare to get 1500 in mid-sized cities . 
  but it 's not only that . 
  i walk to my job , mostly without noise , i have a warm summer , i can enjoy sea sports , etc. 
  the downside is that here social life is much more small , which is my main drive to go to madrid , but to me the tradeoff is so big that i 'm still here . 
  it is . 
  and the same with barcelona . 
  i thought many times to move to madrid or barcelona , but everytime is check prices i come to the conclusion that i will be a slave of my apartment for many years . 
  i just prefer to have more disposable income and be able to be relaxed , save money and travel . 
  https://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/in/madrid?displaycurrency=usd and compared to my city : https://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?country1=spain&amp;country2=spain&amp;city1=corunna&amp;city2=madrid&amp;tracking=getdispatchcomparison, 
  i 'd do it happily, 
  heh , you got ta be kidding ... just look at spanish macro numbers . 
  in this coming year , the state pensions fund will empty , and we will rely only in taxes or more debt to pay for it . 
  it will be a shitstorm . 
  also , with 1000 $ in madrid or bacelona , you just survive . 
  yep . 
  but we are so used to mediterranean girls ... xd we really do find eastern european girls exotic . 
  if you have 12 , it 's because they divide the amount of the two extra pays between 12 months , just that . 
  it 's called `` prorratear las pagas extraordinarias '' . 
  it depends , but tipically between 600 to 900 $ / mo, 
  well , given the current situation , i bet that catalonian parties will try , because for most of them it 's the only chance to survive politically . 
  there 's two sides here . 
  one , both pp ( spain conservatives ) and catalonian nationalists use the `` conflict '' to spoil their voters and gather power . 
  it does quite well in both sides , so the more the conflict is open , the more polarized voters are , the less they question why their parties are doing really shitty politics ( and policy ) , and , of course , the easier they can get away from the political consequences of corruption . 
  on the other side , legal & framework . 
  catalonian parlament tried to have an `` estatuto de autonom\u00eda '' ( dont know how to translate , sort of a little constitution for each autonomy ) conceptually similar to what the basque country has : we manage everything and just pay the central government for the services etc , instead of having a little-bit-less to decide , send the collected taxes to the central government and get the budget in return ( which is roughly , what they collect minus the amounts designated to inter-regional solidarity ) , which is basically the system that everyone else , except basque country and navarra ( i 'm not totally sure how navarra 's fueros work ) . 
  but , partly because of political motivations such as described in the first paragraph , and partly because they are the second contributing autonomy after madrid ( so their money is really needed ) , they could n't get it approved , and i may be wrong but i think that pp even managed to get the constitutional court to declare it unconstitutional . 
  so there was a lot of back and forth , but they failed to push it , so they decided to push a separatist agenda on an attempt to cook under pressure the pp party , while ciu ( the party that initially pushed this ) was deeply under corruption etc. 
  the timing was right for everything , i suppose . 
  but to allow a referendum you need to reform the constitution , which needs 3/5 of the parliament if i recall correctly ( 210 seats ) , so even if the pp wanted , which does n't , they only have 134 seats . 
  basically , they ca n't allow it legally , and wo n't allow it because they profit from this situation . 
  most people is against it , if that somehow conforts you . 
  i do n't want to make a wall post , but basically , anyone who want 's to be openly fascist goes into oblivion . 
  old spaniards are conservatives , remember francoist regime or have relatives who `` dissapeared '' , etc. 
  young spaniards are mostly leftist . 
  so populism can not grow in the far right . 
  so , if they somehow get traction , the pp party will try to capitalize it in some way , as it does everytime as it happened with conservative parties in the past . 
  anyway , we only have 40 years of democracy , and are , still , a deeply divided country in many fronts , that recently entered a period with a multiple party system . 
  the actual conservative party seems to be planning for blocking the parliament and say that it 's others parties fault , so who knows how this will end up . 
  the fuck ? 
  we are always criticizing the eu here , it has been always a common thing , but that does not make us to go somewhere else to tell them that we are happy their country and their people are having a difficult time . 
  it 's just nonsense . 
  always reading about `` european feelings '' and it 's actually quite the opposite . 
  people getting mad and throwing strawman fallacies everywhere . 
  you may have problems understanding the world around you . 
  europeans joking about america or criticizing its foreign policy does not make us want to see americans suffering . 
  in fact , we do care about what happens there . 
  i suppose that it is because they do n't really suffered what a `` strong leader '' means , with post-victory political cleanings . 
  that leaves a foot print in societies . 
  it looks `` meh '' in it 's own context , which is bad . 
  the housing sector is already going up , which means we can employ people from our big low-skilled-worker bags , but the problem is that the activity is mainly from investors , transactions to end consumers seem to be steady ( low wages wo n't make many people buy 200k homes , i 'm sorry ) . 
  this is concerning , since it can collapse again if we do n't manage to replace this activity with another sector . 
  industry is ok , but due automation and efficiency is not going to help lowering unemployment significantly . 
  but it also seem to not being expanding . 
  so it 's mostly established businesses , more than new ones . 
  i think that is because spanish capital is not so concentrated as in other countries , and is much more conservative in its investments . 
  the most risky thing that i 'm seeing is feeding money to startups , but the amounts provided are clearly not enough ( i even saw 3k as a prize , no kidding ) and the total amount invested does not seem very much . 
  engineering and heavy industry is something that we are good for , we have enough talent and networks , but since it requires heavy investments and its very risky , capital flows are not going there . 
  i do n't say that spanish startups can not be cool , but if we have a talent pool with specific skills , better use them for that . 
  go and play the victim , you are not . 
  i 'm not the only one that said it to you , so consider yourself informed . 
  if you can not engage in a conversation and have a civil disagreement you may consider other forms of communication where people can not reply to your comments . 
  leon seems cool , but as a galician i would really miss the sea . 
  valencia is another great option . 
  idk the city properly but it is n't too big , it isnt nearly as expensive as madrid or barcelona , near countryside and sea , etc. 
  i 've also done it , this kind of attitude is not welcomed here . 
  man , look for mid sized cities , it 's the perfect balance . 
  priorities . 
  what about having your own little flat or a normal car ? 
  because that 's the problem for many youngsters in europe . 
  you can have it , but you would have no money left por utilities etc. 
  i find it really cool , even better unedited . 
  yep , it could be way worse . 
  it 's not exactly brutalism but we got this shit in the middle of my city . 
  so basically you did n't have the chance to make the place like a fucking giant naked concrete shithole . 
  i wish it was the same in spain , albeit we got it much better than other places . 
  terrorism is justified in this cases . 
  jesus , i fucking hate naked concrete .
