  i mean , would the opposition just sit and wait ? 
  man , this is so fucked up . 
  i 'm sorry for you guys . 
  is there any possibility of civil organized resistance against this people ? 
  dude ... careful . 
  football nazis . 
  i can deal with it . 
  in fact , let 's play with swastikas so we can kill everyone . 
  retaliate ? 
  the worst scenario for the us is a trade lock , that wo n't happen . 
  even for expats ? 
  do you have any background for this reasoning ? 
  i mean , a forum where they speak , personal experience , etc. 
  sorry , but this seems pretty superficial . 
  they vote erdogan based only in this ? 
  it 's hard to believe . 
  it 's like how a child would look at politics . 
  one of my best friends is iranian . 
  he and his family came to spain , and when i sit with his grandparents and talk to them , even when they have almost no formal education and speak bad spanish , i can see a decent political analysis ( i 'm talking about depth ) of their country . 
  they do n't grow ignorant because of being in a muslim country . 
  they can understand the whole picture , even if they do n't have the intellectual or conceptual means to explain it . 
  and i do n't think any turkish is different . 
  that 's basically the point of the government . 
  exactly , you got it . 
  finally someone not talking without knowing . 
  galicia is , in theory , a very rainy place . 
  in fact if you look for pictures , is pretty obvious given it 's landscape . 
  lot 's of green , forests , etc. 
  where the water is really needed is in the mediterranean coast . 
  we actually transfer water between regions but the main problem is either evaporation or astronomic cost ( we could transport water from northern spain to the mediterranean , but building such infrastructure could be extremely expensive , not to mention maintenance ... ) . 
  map : http://www.grid.unep.ch/products/4_maps/schemab.jpg look for `` spanish mational hydrological plan '' if you are curious . 
  yeah , and it damaged agriculture and infrastructure . 
  hope this is not where are we heading to ... 
  yeah , and we know it , and it 's cool and all , but man , this is hard . 
  easy on it , we do n't want to start another world war , do we ? 
  i live in galicia , close to northern portugal , and it usually is rainy . 
  tbh this is concerning . 
  the weather for like the past 3 or 4 months has been unusually sunny and hot . 
  we got a bunch of weeks with rain and wind , but that 's it . 
  if this goes this way , we 're gon na have problems with water supply . 
  we are not used to scarcity so i assume that our system is not designed for such conditions . 
  i 've been sunbathing today , literally . 
  what was first , the chicken or the egg ? 
  well , i do n't think that uk is a rogue country , but i certainly think that uk could help a little bit on this issues . 
  i think he did , but that does n't change my point . 
  well , you can spin it like that , but the fact is that those things happen . 
  so it 's not like we are trying to build an strawman to attack gibraltar . 
  the tax and the smuggling stuff have been going on for a very long time . 
  we have similar problems with , say , morocco , but they , at least , help or pretend to help . 
  it could be the case if it was n't because gibraltar is almost never in the media . 
  i 'm sure the pp would like to use it more , but it only triggers the most nationalist people , which is not a lot of people in spain . 
  well , the eu can decide to be rational , but the uk has to be rational too . 
  you ca n't blame the eu for brexit and it 's consequences . 
  man , assad is not only a murderer , is the guy ( well , his father ) who first used suicide bombings against the west ( concept learned in the iraq/iran war ) , so it 's not good material for an ally , do n't you think . 
  and it ins ' t like assad is the good guy either . 
  there 's no win situation . 
  the problem with sa is that because of having oil they have too much power . 
  they can fuck up the economy if they want . 
  we need to get rid of oil imports as much as we can . 
  as i see it , there 's no win scenario . 
  whoever you support there , then you are committing with a faction . 
  we missed the chance to prevent this war , and now ... 
  jordania is already in the edge of it 's capabilities . 
  i think we made a mistake , this was really the time to intervene in syria , but now is too late . 
  i have contradictory feelings about this , because i do n't want our cities to have rampant renting prices like in barcelona . 
  we do n't give a fuck . 
  but the government is trying to offer a good deal , because there are families across both borders , and people working across borders . 
  not to mention that this , maybe , could end stuff like tax evading schemes , smuggling and , you know , the stuff never shown in british media . 
  i personally do n't give a fuck about gibraltar , and i 'm sure most spaniards neither . 
  for me closing the border would be completely fine . 
  end of problems . 
  but the people living next to it are spaniards and the government has it 's problems with it , as i mentioned before . 
  yep , but news are always about guardia civil `` harassing '' gibraltarians . 
  not even a mention of all the nasty stuff that is going on ... 
  they are real . 
  and they are creating the voters of tomorrow , so we joke here but this stuff can translate to real life somewhere in the future . 
  be careful . 
  whaaaaat ? 
  just bad management . 
  so you take an archbishop as basis to say that we have a lot to improve ? 
  do you realize the nonsense of this ? 
  nobody cares about their opinion . 
  it 's the church , i mean , we expect them to act like this . 
  in fact , formally , women are more protected , and they have access to resources that i , as * straight white male * will never have . 
  i could agree that women face some difficulties , but that also applies for men . 
   american beer sucks because you do n't know what good beer tastes like . 
  man , i never ceases to amaze me how people just throw this statements blindly . 
  did you tried every american beer ? 
  because it 's a big fucking country . 
  beer taste is subjective btw, 
  yep , i 'm sure there is people working there . 
  given which offices are there , i 'm sure there is people working overtime . 
  i mean , overtime as normal time , not paid , of course . 
  i had this kind of work in consultancy . 
  i worked until 2200 or so . 
  after 1700 or so my productivity dropped dramatically . 
  so many people working there . 
  i remember when i worked until 22:00 . 
  not for me . 
  this guy knows the real stuff .
