  typically at the expense of other regions . 
  yeah man , it 's like if spain did n't screw up everything with commieblocks and awful 60 's taste everywhere . 
  i wonder how spain would be like if we tried a bit ... 
  i 'm sure we wo n't be fine , and you already know it wo n't be fine for you neither . 
  it 's just a train to disaster , and i 'm still sure that spain will be blamed after an eventual independence . 
  i 'd say that you wo n't need to stand this filthy poor spaniards , is n't it ? 
  i encourage you to push this economic narrative , i 'm sure it will harvest you a lot of international support . 
  we could argue about the referendum , but this economic argument is pure nonsense . 
  catalonia is what it is thanks to the vast economic privileges handed to its bourgeoisie , ** even despite the francoist regime ** , which is funny because the collateral was usually another region , not powerful or wealthy enough to writer their own history , thus ignored . 
  if you think that madrile\u00f1os are arrogant and confrontational , you ca n't even picture how this economic narrative sounds from people in poorer regions . 
  even more when your own politicians got themselves in this situation , thinking they could use nationalism as leverage and benefit from that position . 
  now they 've drained everyone 's political capital to support any measure coming from catalonia , and still tried to sell the idea of a legal secession . 
  yeah , sure . 
  yeah , a terrorist attack just happened , maybe it 's also far-right propaganda . 
  and we are just pretending this is not happening across all europe . 
  it 's a bit of putin vibe ? 
  thats true , but our foreign policy is jusy narrative ammo for their recruiters . 
  i do n't think we are very smart on that , albeit the bush afministration and particularly paul bremer hold a large resposability on the events this recent years . 
  they want to kill us for both reasons . 
  it 's totally unnecessary . 
  if scientist want to move , they will without needing to brag about it . 
  the biggest concern is that nothing really changed that much . 
  we did n't resolve any of our structural problems . 
  russia does this on purpose . 
  they are playing their non-linear war . 
  and they are winning . 
  they 've got the right-wing support in the west and used it to break the relations between the eu and usa . 
  also , they basically finance everyone who 's against eu interests . 
  hope you got a good deal , 
  dude ... 
  oh yes , we 're pretty good at train stuff . 
  most known companies are caf and talgo , but we have a bunch more in this field . 
  we have airports and highways on discount right now . 
  with 600 $ you can barely live in spain . 
  shared flat , minimun expenses and so on . 
  wtf is going on ? 
  600 $ in spain is nothing . 
  i mean , sure you can survive with that but you 'll really struggle . 
  of course there is a difference . 
  i have family in bordeax and visit pretty often . 
  there is n't a huge difference , but still enough . 
  sometimes it can get a bit boring for my personal taste though . 
  i found myself being extrovert in france , while i 'm not that much in home ( and i 'm from northern spain , i consider myself a pretty quiet guy ) . 
  that 's probably most european emigration to the us . 
  specially scientists , given that us universities pay waaay more . 
  people in france has more purchasing power . 
  it 's not really that much up to discussion . 
  they , on average , can buy more stuff than us . 
  i 'd say that most spaniards in france are old people that flew from spain due to franco , and that makes sense not only for that , but because french was the most common foreign language in schools back then . 
  i may be wrong tho . 
  pure circlejerk . 
  the fact alone that we do n't have the immense capital flows that they have prevents us to have a comparable start-up scene . 
  yes we may have giant and old companies , but that 's all . 
  i never expected to see spain above belgium in beer consumption . 
  that was my impression with beer when i was a teenager . 
  now i love and praise beer . 
  it also happens with wine , albeit it has more flavor variation imo . 
   obviously men are forbidden from entering it 's not obvious . 
  it 's fucked up . 
  if you are a man you suffer from domestic violence you have no such institution for you , because you know , you `` benefit from the system '' . 
  no worries , we can deal with everyone 's criminals apparently . 
  but this is just ... stupid . 
  i mean , what 's the point ? 
  it 's just so absurd and retarded that i can not get it . 
  i truly thought that our president was above everyone else in his retarded behaviors , but we might have a contender here . 
  oh , then it 's perfectly possible . 
  food industry is very bad managed in spain . 
  i 've worked a bit for olive oil produces and they are very reliant in their old style of doing stuff . 
  we tried to convince them about doing marketing stuff and it was impossible . 
  some producers in southern spain have a very high quality olive oil , and they are selling it cheap , in bulk , to foreign labelers . 
  just plain stupid . 
  i even had an american contact me through reddit and he 's planning to do the same . 
  i tried . 
   spanish factories mmm that 's strange . 
  spanish factories are very automated and very competitive in average . 
  specially in the last 10 years they really did a good job . 
  anyway , i had a conversation with an engineer where he told me they went back from using some robots because in some positions having workers was better , because they were way more flexible and actually , factoring some stuff that i did n't get , cheaper . 
  they were producing precision machinery , so it was n't just a factory of plastic parts for automotive industry . 
  it makes me feel like a natural woman . 
  that 's the idea , but greece is not that cheap though . 
  it is for a norwegian ( well , basically every country is cheap for them ) , but i 'm not so sure for a german . 
  do public employees have that stereotype in finland too ? 
  yeah , so funny . 
  nah , they could counterbalance germany . 
  problem is that russia is so unstable , and so far behind in economy for a large country ... also , they do n't see themselves as a part of europe . 
  they see themselves as a separate entity . 
  i suppose that happens when you are so big . 
  mmm , i do n't really wa n't to give names , but it was a well known company from the netherlands . 
  it is just investiment . 
  if you have a `` traditional '' spanish boss and you go to germany into a mittelstand you 'll get it pretty quickly . 
  in spain , only large companies make an effort to increase productivity through tools . 
  most little and middle companies are in services , and are in practice very manual . 
  so of course they get behind in productivity . 
  industry is on par though , but they are not a large % of the economy , compared to germany . 
  also , germans seem to understand that long journeys do n't necessarily mean more output , and will effect your productivity in the following days ( well , of course this is a generalization ) , something that is yet to see in spain . 
  well , i 'm sure even uneducated people know what jews are . 
  it seems that they were a bit stupid imo . 
  oh , now i get it . 
  yeah , maybe . 
  not that strange considering it 's their country ...
