   is this the usa ? 
  oh dude come on , do we have to make everything about us vs usa ? 
  it gets boring . 
  and let me tell you that despite stereotypes americans are pretty cool people on average . 
  i 've never met an american with so many loaded preconceptions about other countries as we usually have in europe . 
   that 's weird because you are white ? 
  wat nah , people in spain is also very ignorant about eastern europe . 
  i have friends from ukraine and hungary and feel they 've got bored explaining basic stuff . 
  if it makes you feel better , they do n't seem to like us either . 
  i 've got this vibe of `` why do we have to work with spaniards '' many times , despite the fact that me and my team are usually the ones teaching . 
  you just get used it . 
  haha , it 's fine then . 
  i said that because there was an incident with one of the s80 submarine series that appeared in press as if it could n't `` resurface '' . 
  it was an over-statement but it was true that the ministry of defense and gm fucked it up , and put the blame on navantia ( designer and constructor ) . 
  nah , it is not . 
  it 's true that a400m is build in spain ( maybe there 's another place too though ) and if iirc part of the design is also spanish ( from old casa constructor ) . 
  s80 series are good submarines . 
  the incident was n't really because of design but because external provider parts did n't match weight requirements and the spanish armada still pushed to mount , instead of waiting for replacements . 
  so it 's not navantia 's fault . 
  as long your ministry of defense is not as stupid as our , you 'll be fine . 
  does it come with a blowjob ? 
   i mean , considering how things work , you 're totally right , but how do we achieve this ? 
  all news outlets are terribly biased against anything close to pro-referendum ( let alone pro-indy ) , which creates the illusion of unbias , since they all report the same . 
  if you understand catalan , this video does a good job at explaining it . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9vdqn1pemk&amp;feature=youtu.bethis tweet chain also calls out a phenomenon that nowadays happens now and again . 
  https://twitter.com/joanmariapique/status/866600711597023233 it 's too late now imo , they got themselves into a trap almost impossible to escape with dignity . 
  they either follow the path of disobedience , which eventually ( imho ) leads to a catastrophe in economic and social terms , or they keep themselves in this edgy tension with madrid that achieves nothing , waiting for something to happen that changes the balance of power so they can make a move . 
  the problem is that they need to make a bond again with psoe and they fucked up so hard with them that it will be extremely difficult . 
  southern psoe federations would need a really strong convincing stuff to support catalan demands . 
  if i was a catalan politician 10 years ago , i 'd frame the conversation about the autonomic financing system , that nobody really understands how it works , seems to make everyone angry , and it really is a mess for both autonomous administrations and citizens . 
  it 's almost impossible to know in advance how much money you 'll get , etc , etc. 
  but euskadi and navarra benefit from this system , so it would be strange to to get support from , say , castilla-la mancha against the interests of those traditionally close regions , albeit valencias could happily back it up ( even with pp in power back then ) because they are the most fucked up region under this system . 
  so after collecting support in other regions , i 'd present myself as kind of savior of the system , and build a narrative that frames pp against everyone . 
  pp would have a hard time answering with a us-versus-them frame pivoting over the `` separatists '' because i 'm pretty sure the basque country and navarra would be with them . 
  they have a lot of resources , but i 'm pretty sure that it could be a great political battle . 
  problems : you are still one of the most rich regions , so you either contribute more than other poor regions , or wo n't be credible , and you 'd be confronting traditional political allies . 
  i 'm aware that catalan politicians `` kind of '' tried something like that at the beginning ( i 'm sure you can find news on the internet about that ) but they failed miserably , basically because they were n't very smart with their moves and were involved in stuff that provided ammo for their political enemies , mainly pp . 
  anyway , it 's 2017 and everything is fucked up for everyone now . 
  i do n't have the perspective of time , so idk what i 'd do now . 
   i agree , but , is n't that very , very sad ? 
  during psoe race between sanchez and diaz , zapatero said we catalans did n't fancy susana because she was andalusian and a woman . 
  i mean , what the actual fuck ? 
  we even elected an andalusian to be our president 10 years ago ? 
  you ca n't imagine how frustrating it is when we ask nicely for a referendum 17 times and they 're all turned down with only just a `` no '' , and when rufian gets cocky and we threat with carrying on unilaterally , then we are the bad guys and the no-nice guys that `` refuse to negotiate and talk '' . 
  or how now and again , in spanish tv shows whenever they talk about corruption they manage to sneak in the `` fact '' that catalonia is one of the most corrupt regions in spain , if not the most , whereas that 's absolutely false by any metric . 
  who cares about that , though ? 
  i do n't know if you use twitter , but in almost every tweet regarding corruption ( mainly from news outlets ) , you get a chain of numerous tweets from spaniards saying `` y catalu\u00f1a qu\u00e9 ? '', 
  `` sisi , pero 3 % y puyol robaron m\u00e1s '' and the like . 
  dude , it happens to everyone , not only in politics . 
  you either play this game or you already lost . 
  i 'd also like a world of rational thinking and bla bla bla , but that 's what we 've got . 
  it 's even a good chunk of the background of big political theorists or philosophers like laclau or gramsci : people is stupid , here 's what you have to do to achieve stuff within that ground . 
  of course i 'm very cynical with this , any activist or politically motivated guy would say otherwise . 
  political consulting still exist anyway . 
  the problem i see here is you are not understanding what i said . 
  maybe i did n't explain myself properly . 
  i did n't say anything about my particular stance . 
  i telling you that politics is a game of perceptions . 
  if you are confused about this , i do n't think explaining any further is going to help . 
  idk , for me is plain clear , but i studied sociology so maybe my mind is wrapped around that , who knows . 
  i 'd rephrase it : the fact that catalonia independence has almost no support in the peninsula and the eu should be more concerning to you that if you are right or not , because being right about whatever the stuff drives you nowhere , while having support does . 
  your rationalizations about why other people do not support your demands , pivoting over intellectually lazy explanations like `` ca n't even imagine a spain without catalonia '' means that you do n't understand what i said above . 
  again : it does n't matter if you think , or said that andalusians are lazy or not . 
  what does matter is if andalusians ( or any spaniard ) believe you did so . 
  if they do , is because your politicians , either said so ( as did duran i lleida said with per , very stupid move ) or handed the possibility to your opposition to frame the conversation ( difficult to avoid , albeit possible to control as podemos does ) . 
  it 's communication theory 101 . 
  and it 's maybe on the top 3 important stuff a politician should know . 
  if you want to know a bit more , `` setting the agenda '' from maxwell mccombs . 
  you can think whatever you want . 
  as an independentist what you must understand is how politics work . 
  and politics are not driven by moral stances , it 's a game of shades , perceptions , media diets and so on . 
  you know what psoe is , and you know you need their support ( unless podemos gets more votes ) . 
  if you drain them out of political capital , those who are for , wo n't have support to steer their internal debate . 
   it is so sad that on this day and age you still believe these things . 
  if it 's not pretty clear for you , at this point , that facts do not matter a lot in politics , i think you are the one deluding yourself here . 
  think about your situation . 
  only a mild support in the rest of the peninsula , no one with significance supports you outside spain . 
  do you really believe this lack of sympathy is because evil spaniards oppress you ? 
  i want to believe that you are more intelligent than that . 
  your politicians just played it really bad , made a lot of mistakes , did n't measure correctly their stances and have a poor understanding how to use media diets into your own benefit . 
  but is that surprising to you ? 
  everyone plays the political game . 
  if you wa n't to get support from psoe , you have to allow them to sell that support . 
  typically , inside psoe there 's people for and against . 
  if you do n't have that in mind and you just hit them , there will be no internal debate . 
  it is not . 
  yeah , like they had the majority to do so . 
  shady ? 
  yeah . 
  legal ? 
  yep . 
  yeah , the problem is that they do n't have that many friends . 
  it 's true , but you know what the legal path is . 
  it would be possible if catalan parties were n't that stupid to make political enemies with everyone , and even within themselves . 
  it 's not like giving speeches about lazy andalusians and fascist spaniards gives you lots of friendly points . 
  if a regional leader of psoe wanted to support you , he would have no ammo to sell his idea , basically because catalonian parties made a good job of making sure that no one had political capital to support their cause . 
  and that makes me a little suspicious , maybe they really do n't want it and are just playing with it . 
   sure but the coup failed in catalonia and worked everywhere else . 
  sure , you ca n't `` ignore history '' , just straight lie . 
  did you even heard what happend in madrid ?
