  hehehe how easy to say ... 
  we come from a dual party system . 
  imo forcing parties to negotiate will be good for spain . 
  maybe not now , but in the long run . 
  just got ta get out , just got ta get right outta hereeeeeeeeeee, 
  that 's cool , but we need replacement for the harrier . 
  idk what the navy will do , but tbh maybe upgrading purchased harriers will be cheaper until the f35 becomes cheaper or we get more budget , whatever happens more quickly . 
  man , it 's x4 times more expensive than a harrier . 
  it 's just too much for our navy . 
  this budget cuts will stand there until our country achieve budget surplus so i 'm not very optimistic about it . 
  it seems that will be very expensive . 
  the spanish military has seen strong budget cuts . 
  the spanish navy just want another harrier-like aircraft , which is not the f35 . 
  if you can make a rafale operable in a mistral class then we probably will buy it . 
  i doubt the spanish navy will buy any ship from you , since we are capable of doing ourselves and we just decomissioned the principe de asturias . 
  that 's the problem . 
  and the only solution is f35 , with very uncertain future and very expensive . 
  tbh the armada is pretty fucked up in this matter . 
  our lhds are really good but without harriers they will loose a big chunk of their capabilities ... 
  spain will have the same problem . 
  we do n't have replacement for our harriers . 
  yep , we export lots of healthcare people since our system has not enough demand . 
  most of them , yes . 
  there are spaniards going to latam but in much smaller relative numbers . 
  spaniards migrate mainly to other european countries , and mostly to qualified jobs . 
  many latin americans got locked in spain after the crisis iirc . 
  there was some problem with : a ) not having enough resources to come back b ) not wanting to come back because there was some shame attached of coming back and returning with no achievement anyway , idk how much people in that graph are spaniards or latin americans , i do n't remember the figures , there has been a long time since i studied that topic . 
  it 's probably lot 's of portuguese returning , as it happend with many latin americans . 
  those who are migrating to portugal might be in it perhaps ? 
  so much envy . 
  in spain scientists are begging for money . 
  navantia can do it . 
  just be aware of the fud https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1eshvu/spain_spent_680_million_building_submarines_that/, 
  well , many people warned that only a monetary union would n't get us too far . 
  without unified fiscal policy and so on it 's a bit absurd . 
  come on dude . 
  portugal has it 's problems but it 's not hell . 
  there 's not `` developing country '' in europe . 
  even ee is better place than most countries around the world . 
  that 's not a good situation for your country . 
  i do n't get the point of being independentist and wanting more eu integration . 
  what makes you think that the eu aligns with your interests ? 
  more eu integration means that you do n't only give up on monetary policy , but on fiscal and many other stuff . 
  so basically , someone that is not even in madrid tells you how you must operate , and maybe he hands you the ability to decide how to invest the money . 
  haha , you might be also right !, 
  anyway , if you are familiar with other subs , you have to admit that there is so much crazy shit out there . 
  haha you are evil !, 
  i do n't find it so weird . 
  i 'm midly in those two positions . 
  i 'm not very pro-eu but mostly against nation-states in europe because of the weak position it might take us to . 
  weaker than being in the mess that the eu is nowadays , so my hope is to improve the eu rather than everyone going alone . 
  in the other hand , i think is important to link immigration policies to the situation of the receiver country . 
  from my point of view , just accepting migrants for the sake of being in solidarity with immigrants is a very stupid idea , because it introduces distortions in the labor market and as we are seeing , it creates cultural frictions . 
  if you import immigrants , you need to assimilate them , in economical and cultural sense . 
  that 's a responsible policy . 
  what i find a huge mistake is full open borders and when problems arise just blame people for being racist . 
  timing is important for everything . 
  looking for money under rocks . 
  well , it 's something . 
  welcome to the eu australia . 
  you found our backdoor entry . 
  i really liked it . 
  do you know anything similar ? 
  wow such a cool place to get lost . 
  is there any noticeable change ? 
  i 'll upvote your klingon effort . 
  forgive them , they do n't know what they 're doin . 
  he 's really looking at an outcome . 
  what he should really looking for is social mobility , which is harder to measure , but tells you how common/easy is to someone get his life improved . 
  imo this is a metric that tells you a lot . 
  what a lovely place . 
  i really want to do a road trip around italy . 
  hope it 's soon . 
  thank you !, 
  well , that sounds like madrid or barcelona but with higher salaries . 
  so a 70m2 flat what would be , ~ 1400 ? 
  is that more than 1/3 of a frankfurt 's salary ? 
  can you provide links plz ? 
  but at least you have a cheap renting market , is n't it ? 
  a common salary may be about 40k/y am i wrong ? 
  comparing that salary to the rents in most cities it seems pretty reasonable . 
  i pay 550 and it 's more than 1/3 of my actual salary . 
  well , owning property is cool for your budget , that for sure , but not always . 
  in my particular case , i just can not buy anything with my average spanish salary . 
  someone is fooling himself if he thinks that i 'm going to buy a +200 k property . 
  in the other hand , my family has property , but it 's two houses from the 19th century , in a very little city with no opportunities . 
  it 's so expensive to repair the interiors that we ca n't do nothing with them . 
  not even sell , because the market there is just freezed . 
  so basically , we ca n't live there , we ca n't sell or repair , but we have to pay property taxes . 
  man , your idea is already implemented in my country , and many others . 
  it simply does not work as intended . 
  people knows about what the central parliament and what representatives do , and very little on regional governments , not to say mayors . 
  and do n't get me started on the differences between regions , like education , healthcare , etc. 
  seriously , is not a good idea . 
  man , this is a really bad idea . 
  in theory it might work , in practice it isnt . 
  for example , in spain , the smaller the institution , the bigger chance to have corruption . 
  people do n't care about their mayors , regional leaders or whatever . 
  this is a largely studied problem on political science , yet no solution . 
  the only thing that makes institutions more democratic is design and scrutiny .
