in fact , that 's a common opinion here in spain . 
  estonia is a nato country . 
  hope that it means something , so do n't worry . 
  are n't we getting mad with that kind of stereotypes ? 
  i know a bunch of italians and germans at my college and i did n't see them too different . 
  i am not an expert on the subject , but i had a course in college about it and if something became clear to me is that a good system can make big changes with enough time . 
  that became even more clear when i studied social mobility in other countries . 
  spain is not just a country with it 's own problems , but a country where many interests are being played , as a weak-but-big-enough economy inside the eu . 
  that should lead to a longer explanation , but i 'm not fluent enough in english to explain it without much effort . 
  why should we ? 
  is n't this an amazing social experiment ? 
  could you imagine travelling here and looking at people living in shelters like it was a safari ? 
  even more funny than africa with flamenco dancers everywhere , another wave of terrorism with many explosions , left and right wing people shooting everywhere , aliens , isis fighting in andalusia ... that could be awesome . 
  i actually have this one : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9a0p4zl8yhg, 
  polish girls : pretty . 
  polish guys : angry guys willing to beat you . 
  lol , feels good that actually someone has some faith . 
  as a sociology student i can tell you that there 's no political party with a decent plan for our education system right now . 
  the best discourse here is like `` ok , let 's copy finland , seems to work '' . 
  yeah we have the same fucking background , why not . 
  yep . 
  we are angry too ( and tired ) , i enjoy a lot paying taxes for this . 
  yep , but they will need much more money just for eating . 
  i 'm not really sure if that 's profitable for them . 
  maybe moving to big cities in their countries could lead to better opportunities . 
  spain is getting really hard for making money . 
  some of them : http://www.emisora.org.es/, 
  i really do n't know what 's an enchilada . 
  from spain : http://www.rtve.es/ -  state media . 
  many radio and tv channels . 
  i do n't understand what are you waiting for , that 's a fact today . 
  i 'm surprised that someone from / the other side / came here as first option . 
  and maybe the justice is slow , but finally many of them are going to hit the jail , so do n't understand wtf they keep going on this . 
  and they 're going to change the elections law for blocking new parties like `` podemos '' , `` ciudadanos '' etc to win in cities . 
  short answer : no . 
  eu should be tracking the money . 
  yep , i do n't trust my own government . 
  in galicia eu funds had been terribly used . 
  banlieues are not definitely a good place to be , but police is not scared to go , that 's the typical media hype . 
  i have brazillian friends in bordeaux and they live just near one . 
  never had a problem in more than 10 years . 
  anyway banlieues are very specific places . 
  and pickpocketing in barcelona is a problem in tourist places , no more . 
  anyway i never had a problem with that . 
  i do n't know if it 's because i 'm spaniard or what , but the only difference that i felt from my city is that people in barcelona is a little bit rude . 
  anyway , that sounds like a weird argument since you can go and see the crime statistics en europe . 
  living in europe you do n't feel insecure about crime . 
  it 's just what it is . 
  when i was like 16-18 i walked many times to home coming from hanging out with my friends , like at 4 - 6 am , and i had never any problem . 
  i can remember only one time someone tried to rob me , and it was because i went through an area where there were gypsies , and i knew it . 
  they failed to rob me , and i passed many times through the area without problems . 
  you just have the feeling that you can not end so badly . 
  i did n't know about it . 
  any source please ? 
  well , i 'm sure that if sweden and finland are attacked the eu/nato/whatever will be willing to help . 
  crime is not a big deal in spain or france . 
  i suppose the same on other countries . 
  an european defense treat could be enough , but anyway with the nato i do n't see the need . 
  if a nato member in europe is being attacked other european armies will help . 
  anyway attacking an european country today is not like old days , many european armies , despite of not having lots of soldiers are well equiped and trained . 
  in fact we spend much time doing joint exercises , between us and usa . 
  the problem here is the nuclear power . 
  is anyone willing to use it ? 
  i do n't think so but , what if russia attacks a nato member ? 
  the fact is that they know the consecuences , so the question is what kind of response do we do . 
  i do n't see the french army as a weak army . 
  mayble not for standing alone in a huge conflict , but as many other european countries , like spain , for example . 
  i do n't need to talk of any next thing . 
  eu policies are not helping in spain , for example . 
  that 's because the policies that many countries in the north need are just the opposite of what a country like spain need at this moment . 
  we are in different economic cycles , so having the same monetary policy is nonsense . 
  this austerity and fear-of-inflation mindset of the actual policy makers in the eu is just stupid here . 
  our public debt is mainly a transfer of private one ( from the `` cajas '' ) and we will have more due the extremely clever solution of merging * cajas * or converting them into banks everywhere , so instead of having small entities that could fail with no big deal we have now a systemic problem . 
  \u00bf what do you think that the eu is doing ? 
  they are encouraging the government to continue doing the same !, 
  genius !, 
  not to mention the huge limits to our industrial production , which will end with cities like ferrol , or our agriculture . 
  and if you think that civil society does nothing , you 're wrong . 
  i 'm part of a foundation that tries to give visibility to these problems in the eu but its just frustrating when you see that they do n't care . 
  i do n't know what do you think in other countries , but here it is difficult to decide wich is worse , the government or the eu . 
  and still have to read/hear all kinds of prejudices , as if we were lazy or idiots . 
  that 's an actual fact . 
  i would like to be more fluent in english to write a good article about that . 
  that does not make it better . 
  impossible to make it work . 
  eu has many differences between countries to make it happen . 
  loosing control of their monetary policy and much more things . 
  sounds great huh ? 
  if you think that is that great , come back here when the eu takes a decision against , for example , your labour market , or they pass a law against your shipyards , etc. 
  tolerance is not something like a god that you have to pry . 
  being tolerant towards people with democratic or at least peaceful values seems logical , but being tolerant with this people is nonsense , and sometimes i get impressed of how stupid we are on europe trying to seem so tolerant and pretending that everyone is able to become part of our society when it 's fucking clear that they have a political / religious program against our values . 
  this kind of people is not here to be our friends . 
  barcelona is insane . 
  idealista.com and fotocasa.es are the main portals to find house here . 
  be aware about cheap rents because they usually are from crappy places . 
  and cheap means under ~ 700 $ / mo for a normal rent ( not for holidays ) i do n't have a good knowledge about barcelona so i ca n't tell you where to rent or not . 
  maybe some redditor living in barcelona could help you . 
  nazi flying pings with shotguns and soviet panties , i must say . 
  i 'll be scared if i were russian . 
  come on man , what the fuck i 'm doing with my life ...
