  this has to be stopped , it 's ridiculous seen this happening with spanish salaries . 
  people wasting their salaries in renting and not in buying goods and services , or saving a little bit , it 's nonsense . 
  what madrid ( and barcelona ) needs desperately is cheep housing . 
  and it would require to build more skyscrappers , open more land for construction and propably penalizing vacation housing . 
  ideally sareb would get into that but we all know that it wont happen . 
  man , it was just a joke, 
  i did n't say anything about closing the university , i just point out that this kind of courses are very likely to be indoctrination . 
  dude , it 's just my experience . 
  i 've seen it over and over again . 
  i 'm just suspicious by default . 
  i even had conversations with german students and , although they had a bit of hard time , they also admitted it was happening in their faculties . 
  this is just common practice . 
  the chance of taking a course on a subject about something involving politics or akin to indoctrination , and having someone trying to teach `` both sides of the story '' is typically very low . 
  and although i consider myself a leftist , i have to say that this crap is more common in leftist teachers . 
  in fact , university eroded my views on the leftist intellectual elite . 
  i 'm not saying that this is 100 % of the case , but i know what kind of people gets involved in this courses and i 'm sorry , i 'm prone to distrust them . 
  man , i studied sociology , so i 'm pretty used to this stuff . 
  of course is indoctrination . 
  they write whatever they want , and later you have `` to agree '' with the lecturer in order to pass . 
  there is a neutral approach to knowledge , but this people do n't even try . 
  i studied marx , for example , and i liked it , although i did n't become a marxist , but it was because i had a very professional guy teaching sociological theory . 
  i ca n't say the same for many other professors , trying to push down the throat their doctrines ( feminist theory , for example ) . 
  it 's just sad how common is this crap through every university i know , with only a minority being professional and almost everyone else trying to brigade and even lie to convince students . 
  man nobody is angry here calm down u chimp1 anyway , being serious here , i 've got a strategy to conquer gibraltar without invading anything . 
  just stop shipping spanish food and close the border . 
  they will be forced to eat british food and will be back begging in a week . 
  any brand to buy online ? 
  wow it 's almost half the rent of my city ... that was the most worrying point for me , i though it would be high . 
  are this numbers accurate ? 
  imagine i move to athens with my online income . 
  how much would i need to have a life like a middle-class citizen ? 
  pros / cons ? 
  i 'd have any problem because of not having a traditional job ? 
  yeah ... but i lived through all the crisis , starting just when my career was supossed to begin ... 
  i 'm a bit tired tbh . 
  10 years is too much time , so not much is left to be positive . 
  a bunch of variables , where we can find another investing bubble in the housing sector , the change in methodology of which both ine and bde are using to calculate gdp , and public debt to cover running costs . 
  of course , there is still an impact in the real economy . 
  disposable income is growing a little bit , and families are beginning to spend a little bit more , which it seems to trigger the internal demand , but still most jobs created are temporal , with low wages , and require low qualification . 
  this people getting jobs is , in most cases , living with their parents or sharing costs so i can see a diverging trend here . 
  investors are making housing prices up again but wages are not catching up fast enough , so imo there will be another supply-demand mismatch in the future . 
  i 'd say that we are growing , yes , but the situation is very fragile and we did n't fix almost none of our structural problems . 
  most growth is not because of the productive economy . 
  also , the occupied growth rate is increasing , but it 's not `` great '' . 
  i mean , given our situation everything positive is great , but you know what i mean . 
  do n't be so happy . 
  it lowered because lots of people either leave spain , move to another category ( not employed ) or something else . 
  the growth of the spanish economy is just painfully slow . 
  we have a large mass of qualified workers underemployed , and an even bigger chunk of unqualified workers with nowhere to go . 
  tbh the only thing that i care about gibraltar is the end of the tax heaven . 
  if it was for me , they can claim their own nation or be a moroccan enclave if they want . 
  making some lentils , beans , pasta , etc. 
  that 's easy even if you do n't have time . 
  dude it 's your health what it 's at stake . 
  dude , do n't you have farmers in romania ? 
  just learn to cook . 
  i do n't want to sound rude but this is obvious . 
  processed food may be `` better '' in western europe , but what 's the point of eating processed food when you have local production ? 
  i 'm sure there 's no much difference between spain and romania in this regard . 
  processed food seems to be cheaper , but most of the times is not . 
  well , he 's pretty much wrong . 
  i do n't really care tbh , because i know he 's not saying this because he feels it , just because he thinks he can , somehow , profit from this . 
  on the side , trashing se is not helping . 
  i mean , it wont trigger anything in spain and portugal , but italians are not that happy , not only their politicians but their population , and italy , besides everything anyone can criticize , it 's an important country and it 's an economic powerhouse inside the eu . 
  greeks are pretty much aware that they fucked it up , but trashing them all the time is not helping . 
  this sub has been very rough to greeks many time , to the point of being disgusting . 
  i 'd rather be more constructive . 
  i think the problem is that we are in a lose-lose situation . 
  either we go there and rebuild everything , which would be seen as a puppet government with zero loyalty , or we just wait until they figure it out , which seems more like to be start killing each other again , more refugees and so on . 
  yeah i 'm not saying that the middle east was n't a clusterfuck , but the iraqui state seemed to play an important role stabilizing the region . 
  it 's geographically in the middle of everything . 
  now that we destroyed the balance of power within the iraqui state , the question is what are we gon na do now , because it seem that iraq is moving towards another tribal suppression system with no check and balances . 
  so al-maliki version two . 
  that 's just the recipe to another disaster . 
  well , dismantling the iraqui administration was the worst possible policy . 
  it was a paul bremer 's idea iirc . 
  that 's when the power vacuum started imo . 
  i still remember the huge backslash that cni received when they wiretaped the `` m30 '' mosque ... 
  the graph relies in the global terrorism database . 
  it has its problems . 
  i think you are suffering selection bias . 
  if not , show us prove that there is `` a considerable amount of support '' because i 've never witnessed that , and i 'm here every day . 
   there 's a considerable amount of support of the ira i think it 's marginal , not `` a considerable amount '' . 
  i 've never seen more than a couple comments in that direction . 
  well , i wo n't do it straight . 
  i 'd mostly do it separately for each location , or at least a group of close locations . 
  i still have to work , but i 'm trying to get myself in something that gives me free time , like working 3 days a week or something like that . 
  man , i 'm really going to do an italy tour . 
  i 'll get all the post about italy in this sub , line up geographically , buy a plane ticket and spend 3 months in italy . 
  it 's called `` being nice '' , it does n't need to have a deep reasoning behind , jesus . 
  i 'd happily blow up myself with a tortilla bomb if you ask me . 
  you mean stupid people . 
  uk has a large economy . 
  it has clearly more downsides . 
  not really a moment to be happy . 
  a bit long travel for goods . 
  wow hold on boy , you are risking you life here, 
  all the northern-atlantic spain is very rainy and green . 
  yep , seems flawed . 
  ... so i assume there is no plan to get back on track ?
