  this numbers keep increasing year by year . 
  as i said , yeah , the could build something but they have problems with money ( the guys in the municipality are not precisely very wise with it ) and land . 
  legislation wo n't allow you to build wherever you want , and expropriation of land is expensive in ibiza , because prices , iirc , are calculated in relation to the market value . 
   the core problem is that the unofficial letting is causing an externality for the rest of the islands that is not being covered by taxation . 
  if you can find and ban them , then you can find and tax them equivalent to the conventional hotel industry . 
  fine them heavily if they refuse to comply . 
  why would the government be capable of enforcing a ban if it ca n't take the route that grows the economy and enforce a tax ? 
  of course if you think there is cronyism abound they would likely just be clearing out that property for their favored operators . 
  well , i was not the lawyer in the team , but afaik there 's some laws about privacy and other stuff that did n't allow the local and regional tax agencys to do whatever they wanted . 
  hacienda ( central government tax agency ) was iirc the only one capable of that , and there was an agreement about it , but it seemed that madrid and barcelona were a priority , so i guess they are still wating for hacienda , because those guys have a work overload given their resources , so ... 
  i was just tasked with data gathering , models and stuff so i ca n't help much in the legal stuff , but if i understood from the meetings , the local government is just full of idiots/suspicious people , regional government wanted to do something about it , but they had problems with a lot of stuff , budget , legal , bla bla bla , and they were into some political mess so there was n't anything straighfoward . 
  the central administration is just under fire from every direction so only having a guy come and talk to you is an achievment . 
  in reality the local government has legal tools to go after this vacation rentals , but they seemed to be the only ones not rushing for it . 
  so i guess they are profiting from it , have ties with landowners or whatever . 
  dude , i know ibiza pretty well , and i also studied this phenomena for a company hired by the regional government . 
  airbnb is not generating any wealth . 
  is in fact , concentrating wealth . 
  most of the properties in airbnb in ibiza are in reality from a handful of guys , who use the platform to rent their properties only for travelers and go under the radar of taxation agencies . 
  you are over a wrong premise . 
  it 's true that the local government could do much more about it , but heh , lets say that there are certain ties between them and the housing sector . 
  also , ibiza is no more a place where yo can happily build public housing , there 's not that much land ( well , there is literally more land to build , but you ca n't build everywhere , plus most of it is protected because of nature etc ) . 
  ibiza 's housing sector is only another layer on top of the problems that massive , short-term tourism causes in a little place . 
  in fact there 's already public housing in place , built a few years ago , but if they wanted to solve the problem that way , then they should build another entire city . 
  so public housing wo n't grow enough fast for a problem that is reaching newspapers everyday . 
  workers either can not pay the island prices , or they literally do n't find any place to live because most of the offer is moving towards short-time rentals , only available on summer . 
  i 've even seen cases of locals , with kids , that had to return to their parent 's house because their current rent ended , and the landowner either increased the price to an impossible level , or forced them out to rent only in summer . 
  as an example , one of my coworkers of the time , she was and hr employee , 40yo , had to move out of her house , and had been living sharing a flat with a friend . 
  she has no parents in the island , or anyone close owning a property , so basically she is risking to be forced out a place where she has been living for 20 years . 
  tourism pours money into very specific businesses . 
  a supermarket ca n't pay their employees 10k/month because their main client is a local , which is also fucked up by the insane renting prices in the isle . 
  if it was that simple , the marked could just adjust to it . 
  salaries increased in the isle but the situation is getting out of control . 
  as always , it depends on their education . 
  we 've got chineese people devoted to wine and culinary stuff in andalucia . 
  they seem to be pretty well manered . 
  i 've also seen the other side of the coin in barcelona , and the difference is like day and night . 
  go to ibiza , where now employees can not go to the island because of high rents . 
  police , healthcare , education ... everyone struggling to get employees , and thats without taking in account the private sector . 
  how is this measured ? 
   we did not create assad . 
  assad is not the problem , is the destabilization of the whole area . 
   and spain was n't involved in that . 
  amiright ? 
  you are right . 
  there was a war , and the iraqi state was still functioning after it . 
  then a bunch of guys lead by paul bremer came and basically fucked up everything , against the will of many people , including others from the us administration . 
  it seems that you do n't know about that , so a little introduction , that do n't even comes close at the clusterfuck they created : http://time.com/3900753/isis-iraq-syria-army-united-states-military/, 
  it 's taking us so long because it 's a problem that the us created ( basically the destruction of the iraqi state was the trigger for all this shit , and that was a paul bremer decision ) , and it 's a massive clusterfuck . 
  just remember that your media diet is not the same as living in a border country , with coast guards overwhelmed by the numbers . 
  and you complain about mexicans . 
  this, 
  there was ( long ago ) a more or less similar model of business in the late stages of the spanish dictatorship . 
  it almost dissapeared , partly because they were victims of isolationims and could n't compete when the market went open , and partly because of the new and flashy `` management styles '' . 
   it was n't considered sleeping as long as you were n't using a pillow lol, 
  i do n't think so . 
  they are technically very capable and although erdogan did his purge , i 'm sure he did n't put just lazy fucks there . 
  i 'm pretty sure the average level lowered but that wo n't be like fighting t55s and 60 's frigates . 
  for example , i do n't think we , or italy , could really pose a threat to turkey , and idk if the greek military is operative given their budget problems . 
  i 'd think that given the moment nato would win , no doubt , but that would be a bloodbath . 
  because it does n't make sense when you can outsource to even more cheaper countries , with fewer labor regulations . 
  it is the case for some specialized sectors , having lots of foreign clients ( it for example ) and well , we have a bunch of car manufacturing industry , but not as you would expect . 
  the fact that 47 % of spaniards earn less than 1000 $ does not mean that you can chop an it consultancy hiring under 1000 $ , that wo n't be able to compete because people with only a bit of professional competence will move to a better company or go to france , germany or uk where they are paid way more . 
  there 's even more and more people getting hired via internet . 
  the talent pool is here , but private capital in spain is centered around construction ( well , another sector with big contracts overseas ) , tourism etc. 
  id say that spain gets foreign clients when they are looking for competent and cheap-but-not-as-cheap-as-india solutions , or they feel more confident hiring close because of being more culturally close . 
  anyway is not enough , and the companies who get this clients are usually very competitive and wo n't be employing massive amounts of people . 
  i work as a sort of analyst + little projects with affiliate marketing and ads . 
  it varies by month . 
  sometimes is 100 $ , sometimes is 3000 $ . 
  i also have a normal job . 
  given the case , they will more likely to circumvent it . 
  and there 's nato in the mediterranean too . 
  the problems is what could happen with turkish military ? 
  would them turn against nato or keep with it ? 
  you have my support . 
   certain demographics exactly . 
   synthetic cdo joke about it , but most of it is foreign investors putting money in stuff that i 'm not so sure they will get money out of it . 
  dude , you just do n't know what are you talking about . 
  france is not even comparable by any standard . 
  nothing that i mentioned happens in france at any comparable measure but whatever , you just ignore it . 
  dude , `` my logic '' includes a bunch of variables , not only youth unemployment . 
  did you even read my comments ? 
  1 ) high youth unemployment , even reached 60 % . 
  2 ) high general unemployment , peaked at almost 30 % 3 ) most contracts are temporal . 
  even 1 month contracts . 
  4 ) rent prices where high , and are increasing . 
  5 ) public aid is very limited , so it only covers tiny bits of the population . 
  6 ) many households need their sons even with this shitty-time-to-time contracts because the father or mother are jobless . 
  maybe we should live in vehicles like people in the bay area : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kg0_kim9mv8 that would make many people happy looking at graphs . 
  anyway it 's illegal in spain . 
  france youth unemployment is half of the spanish . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/spain/youth-unemployment-rate http://www.tradingeconomics.com/france/youth-unemployment-rate and if you know something about france , there 's a lot of public aid compared to mostly inexistent in spain . 
  my sister lives in france ( bordeaux ) and as french citizen she received a lot of aid , either to be independent and to have a child . 
  that 's almost inexistent in spain . 
  also , they haver much more stable contracts than in spain . 
  i 'm not whining , i know my facts , it 's not like i have my own preconceived notion about nothing , that seems your case . 
  oh yes , you can get good paying jobs ... when you are close 30yo . 
  that 's why people in spain gets out at that age . 
  dude it 's not like it 's just a coincidence . 
  high rents + unstable contracts + low salaries + ~ 40 youth unemployment .
