  it makes sense for conscripts and volunteers but i bet other professional soldiers could train them . 
  i think that they mostly need ammo , gadgets like thermal vision , etc. 
  but i 'm talking about working-poors , not unemployment . 
  until something ugly comes and kills you and your family . 
  well , but they are actually taking advantage of the bad financial situation of southern states for creating a narrative of we vs them , where does not match with reality at all , and it 's finally for protecting national banks . 
  do n't you think that 's risking the future of the eu ? 
  maybe , but i do n't think we ever had this level of working-poors and social problems in democracy . 
  that 's the right thing to do . 
  most people do n't understand that the state is not for taking advantage of it , but for having it when you really need it . 
  but with this culture of entitlement that is gone . 
  oh , come on ... 
  we ship primas worldwide to cover up our debt . 
  we just did n't told you . 
  ciudadanos became a party in 06 maybe ? 
  i do n't remember but long before this elections . 
  everyone who tried to learn a language suffered the same here . 
  no , they are not . 
  maybe they are conservative in some ways and there 's lots of shit inside that party . 
  i could agree with that but stop that simplified bs please . 
  it 's happening everywhere . 
  maybe we have to re-learn what 's being a citizen . 
  we are going towards a `` confortable world '' . 
  people just ca n't face some insulting them . 
  conservatives ... they just love those things . 
  anyway voting left did n't seem to improve spain very much in the past . 
  i 'm kinda loosing hope for my country . 
  you are very optimistic . 
  it will take decades until we reach something as a decent unemployment rate , if we finally see it . 
  and most of our structural problems are still there . 
  we did n't manage to make any real and deep reforms . 
  \u00bf did we change our labour legislation ? 
  no so much . 
  we just increased the number of contracts that someone can sign . 
  that 's not going to make any difference . 
  \u00bf do we have any kind of industrial policy ? 
  in spain ?!, 
  no way !, 
  well , seems a lot for such small country . 
  have those russians latvian cityzenship ? 
  i 've found my way in spain by working on internet . 
  maybe learning some skills and finding international clients could help you . 
  yep . 
  it will legitimate the government for their internal tensions , and will be used as a rethorical weapon in future meetings . 
  no government does a referendum if they know that there 's a high probability of losing . 
  shhhht !, 
  do n't speak too loud , do n't break their dreams . 
  france !, 
  you have no idea what 's happening here . 
  we are going towards a society divided into who is certainly richer than the average eastern european and who is really poor . 
  \u00bf do you really think that 's an emotional statement ? 
  i had never saw this amount of people searching for food in dumpsters or begging . 
  i 'm 27 and more than half of my friends are working in other countries or studing , because they do n't have anything better to do . 
  when they get a job they just study at the same time because they perfectly know that it will not last very long . 
  most of them are trapped because being unable to rent their own flat or save any money , because , you know , we do n't have the same cost of living as eastern europe . 
  i wonder what will happen when their parents die , or ca n't bring enough money to sustain them . 
  probably they will hit the streets or will depend on charity . 
  i consider myself privileged . 
  i have an stable job , with no shitty conditions ( wich is usual here ) , have savings and even my own little internet business . 
  we have the same rifle : /, 
  i just pointed out that public is also not the same as free . 
  nope . 
  who would find that attractive ? 
  you have not to pay a single euro ? 
  well , i would not say the same , given what i pay for taxes . 
  i 'm not against public health and i suffered what 's being ill in uk ( i 'm sorry nhs ) but we have huge waiting list and the quality is falling . 
  that why i got private insurance * , and i 'm pretty happy to be honest . 
  * private insurance is not like the us here , you still have to pay taxes for public health but private insurance is cheap enough to be an option . 
  at least while it does n't expand it 's market . 
  i have the same problem as you . 
  i like spicy and strong-flavoured food , so it 's useless for me to buy any kind of mayonnaise or salsa in the grocery store , i have to make it at home . 
  lol , i laughed so loud . 
  thank u for this . 
   lmao warmongering , sir . 
  a mal sitio vienes a soltar estupideces . 
  you are right !, 
  i never saw it like that !, 
  we are being attacked by aliens , but handling it pretty nice . 
  yep . 
  i think that we are much more into a local/community thing . 
  well , the military has never been trusted here , but after the segura lieutenant and zaida cantera scandals ... 
  tanks for making this . 
  this will be endless . 
  maybe help stopping the war ? 
  yes , please . 
  i feel sorry for you , since nobody seems to really help ukraine and russia seems unwilling to stop this shit . 
  i travelled around europe and i do n't feel very similar to any other country . 
  there are similarities , that 's true , but still se many differences . 
  spain is just the conflict made country . 
  i 'm listening . 
  you are right . 
  in fact our purchasing power is now shit . 
  with the 2008 crisis wages devaluated even more . 
  a funny party . 
  he , wait two or three years ... 
  that might be in south america , not here . 
  we call it patata . 
  i know it , and it is a delicate balance , but i 'm ashamed anyway . 
  i 'm ashamed by the fact that the us is doing the job that the eu should be doing . 
  we send our military towards the middle east but we do nothing to help our close neighbours . 
  we have enough military power for that .
