  it 's not that hard to imagine . 
  and now we are adding up tourist rentals to the ecuation , if that was n't enough . 
  you seem very smart . 
  please , explain to me . 
  something has to be fishy with that price . 
  again you are not taking in account short term contracts . 
  you better have something stable if you want the landlord to allow you in , for obvious reasons . 
  also , with 1000 $ paying 500 $ in the flat , + utilities + eating etc i 'm not sure if it 's possible in madrid . 
  it is in my city , not so sure there . 
  dude , i know france , a big chuck of my family is there . 
  it 's not even comparable . 
  some people in paris has a miserable life , that 's true , but it 's not even close to a forever unstable economy . 
  47 % of spanish salaries are under 1000 $ + short time contracts + under 25 unemployment rates about 40 % . 
  it 's just impossible . 
  i managed to do it because i do stuff in the internet but tbh most of my friends wo n't be able to get their own flat . 
  or maybe for short periods of time , like 1 year and returning to their parent 's home for 6 months . 
  but that 's nonsense , they stay until they get something stable ( typically approaching 30yo ) and then get out . 
  yep , in fact most new jobs are from the construction sector . 
  there was this other thread about rising economy in spain that people told me that i was too cynical ... 
  i did n't say so , but something has to be different than spain , because if your economy has shit salaries and short term contracts and high rents like in spain , you either do n't pay the rent , or the rent in your contries is way lower . 
  go to madrid , get a 1000 $ job , pay 900 $ renting . 
  but that 's not the underlying factor . 
  i live in my own flat , still visit my family from time to time , and go lunch with them . 
  it 's cultural in the sense that many generations learnt to be cautions about your move , because rent is going to be you bigger concern . 
  man , i pay 600 $ / month in a place where most salaries are around 900 $ and most contracts are 3 , 6 months or 1 year . 
  how is people supposed to get out of their parents house , when their own parents have problems with money . 
  well , i 'm not sure in italy , but the culture changed a lot in spain . 
  most people want to get their own flat , but the prospects of getting a stable job are low . 
  most people moves when they have a stable relationship , so in case one is jobless the other can work etc. 
  economy plays a role here . 
  it 's not only that . 
  it 's the temporal duration of almost any job . 
  i 'm the only one of my group of friends that lives in his own flat , but i could n't do it if i had not income from the internet . 
  most people gets a job from time to time , like 3 months contract , 1 year , and this goes on a on . 
  * and we have rent prices going up agains * so you tell me how is people going to pay . 
  in two years i went from paying 500 $ to almos 600 $ and this increase does not match any average increase of salaries . 
  this country is nonsense . 
  still not enough to explain . 
  there 's tax fraud but it was around 16 % back in 2012 , more or less the average in the wu . 
  mmm , it seems so , but it does n't match the article 's info . 
  please could you quote where they say anything about conscripts ? 
  they are literally speaking about servicemen , officers , so professional soldiers . 
  you do n't have to choose . 
  if they found that info useful , then it 's welcomed . 
  they wo n't be after swiss banks just because it 's funny . 
  switzerland is not the only one , and certainly not the only one being spied , as everyone does with everyone . 
  and is certainly not being treated worse than anyone , so step down your high morale . 
  there 's a conflict of interest and countries play in and out the law to their goals . 
  everyone does the same . 
  it 's not a waste of time . 
  they caught people in spain and france iirc , maybe they cross that info with other databases they have . 
  if switzerland profits from criminals abroad and refuses to help , are we supposed to do nothing ? 
  does it really surprise you ? 
  come on man , the level is very low there . 
  they had academics there , but they seem rather scared of what it has become . 
  already done . 
  yes it attracts talent and business but not enough when you have obscene amounts of unemployment . 
  it 's just a cycle of job destruction , really really difficult to stop . 
  i think you really underestimate how fucked up some regions are . 
  i mean , there is a world of difference between my city and say , jaen , and it 's in the same country . 
  this places are so fucked up that most of the time is just easier to relocate everyone somewhere else . 
  the problem is ... where ? 
  i find this argument strange , since we have a 16 % fraud on vat in 2012 . 
  16 % is high , but it does n't make up for 40 % unemployment in some areas . 
  people is really poor and their only way to live is via subsidies . 
  that 's the reality of many areas in spain and we have to accept it . 
  well , it was n't quite like that . 
  navantia and dcns had different requirements , and dcns wanted to sell their own design to the spanish armada through navantia . 
  i know that 's not what most news said , but they also said that one of the delivers just could n't surface , which is really an exaggerated statement ( and it was actually not the fault of navantia , but some equipment providers like general electric iirc ) . 
  i do n't want to be flamboyant here , but i 'd say i have pretty good sources on this . 
  french machinery is usually good , but there 's a complicated market with them . 
  also , some companies cause some trust issues , like what happend with the bad press campaign on navantia when they started to build their own submarines instead of buying the french design . 
  afaik the engines are from general electric . 
  the plane is really a mister potato , with components from us , uk , mainland europe and of course sweden . 
  the deal usually includes support , meaning parts , training , updates , etc. 
  the grippen in the new f5 . 
  but this time the made-to-export is advanced in terms of avionics compared to more expensive planes . 
  it 's is n't really comparable in terms of firepower and general capabilities but it does n't really fall behind either . 
  it 's a really good deal if you are not really expecting to be on cutting edge weaponry . 
  i do n't believe in any limitation for press . 
  the moment you do that , all the press loses entirely their reputation . 
  what people need to know is what press is and is n't , what constraints they have , what underlying powers they confront and what to expect from a piece of information . 
  most of people can not detect when someone is mixing information with opinion , and that 's the most basic level of reading . 
  i 'd say we are behind italy , france and germany . 
  for now . 
  no one is immune to stupidity . 
  the problem is that we only have germany with enough power in this kind of stuff . 
  france is going through lot of shit , uk ... well , and the rest of us just tiny countries . 
  we really need a strong eu leadership sooner or later . 
  just imagine if germans elect and idiot or someone that turns to be bad for whatever the reason . 
  we are all going to pay the price . 
  not really bad if you do n't mix it with tobacco and you do n't become an every-day consumer . 
  i used cannabis sometimes . 
  maybe i 'm in the countryside and i want to relax , and stuff like that . 
  i also had a few experiences with it while having sex and it was interesting . 
  spanish tortilla with salad , 
  is not only that . 
  it 's a problem of incentives , lack o public housing , lack of any control whatosever of anything ... those islands are not that packed , and have not the same amount of insanely wealthy people that comes here for 1 or two months , fucking everything up . 
  most owners just rent for tourist season , because they can multiply the price and earn the same . 
  no problem , thank you .
