  just buy something to keep water cooled . 
  i keep water in the fridge for example . 
  just tap water in plastic bottles . 
  but here water has a decent taste , not so much in the mediterranean . 
  `` olla '' in spanish means `` pot '' , like a cooking pot . 
  46 is fucking hell . 
  i personally ca n't adapt that hot . 
  i 'm like a worm . 
  i ca n't picture myself working that hot . 
  i remember in my office one summer we had the ac broken for a few days , and it was insanely difficult to concentrate , and i do n't think we went past 30\u00ba . 
  desert actually gets over 45\u00ba very often . 
  it changed a lot ... idk what to say , tbh . 
  typically , that would be atlantic climate , so cold winters with lots of rain . 
  now it seems to be increasingly hot ( sometimes we are about 20\u00ba in winter ... ) and not that many precipitations . 
  i 'm a little bit worried because this is a very green place , and now it 's beginning to be a trend . 
  we could experience water shortages , and this is something unknown to us . 
  it is also more unpredictable, 
  jesus , hope you have ac ... 
  speak for yourself . 
  i 'm in galicia and i have problems with everything near or past 30\u00ba . 
  in fact in very worried about the trend in this years to have almost no rain . 
  yep , but at the same time podemos has been attacking psoe on and on , so they have not that many credibility towards psoe voters . 
  so the task on pedro sanchez , assuming he also wants a coalition , is to sell to his own voters a sort of reconciliation . 
  that sounds very difficult tbh , specially given his situation . 
  i 'm pretty sure other psoe notables will take advantage of that momentum to attack pedro sanchez , albeit they risk even more instability . 
  anyway it 's clear for me , because of their own internal dynamics and declarations , that they see podemos as their main competitor , thus want to focus their effort to fight the party that it 's trying to compete for voters in their own political space . 
  so i 'm pretty sure pp will loose lots of votes in the mid-long term , but because of the social structure of spain , not because of a shock of catalonia independence . 
  in fact i 'm pretty sure that catalonian independence will cause just the opposite , slow down the pp voters drainage . 
  no matter what happens , conservative voters will still be there , in spain and catalonia . 
  you ca n't get rid of them . 
  the majority of spaniards , according to cis are already leftists . 
  but they are divided and they tend to stay at home in elections . 
  you can guess what you want , or have any interpretation of reality , but the fact is that if you ask a psoe voter about this situation , they feel attacked , and the psoe 's structure needs to sell their project to their voters . 
  most voters do not make rational decisions , so if they feel that podemos is not an ally , they probably wo n't support a coalition . 
  they could , instead , lead the process , but that goes against the narrative that podemos is trying to sell , which is that they are the good ones , trying to clean the institutions . 
  well , it was podemos decision to drain psoe out of political capital , no wonder why they dont support them now ... 
  it is clear that podemos cant grow much more , so they either make peace with psoe or the other way is to wait until pp voters die ... 
  well , that 's one step ahead , but they still get lots of companies for other activities . 
  we already knew this was going to happen ... 
  they are mostly reselling from big carriers . 
  so they have not that many margin . 
  law + monopolies + ( fundamentally ) population dispersion . 
  same brand in spain : https://www.digimobil.es/tarifa-diginavega.php, 
  there 's nothing to celebrate . 
  they 've done nothing . 
  get to work and we will see what they deliver . 
   very liberal platform liberal in european terms , or american `` liberal '' ? 
  too much triumphalism for my taste . 
   after all , dictatorships are almost always established by the rule of law . 
  they simply change that law so that people no longer get to vote . 
  we are getting into political science here . 
  there is voting , rule of law , the tree independent branches and so on . 
  if a democracy turns into a dictatorship one or more of it 's principles is broken . 
  dude , come on , that 's wishful thinking . 
   and was able to hold one without it turning into a war yeah ... silly north irlanders ... 
  meh , you do n't have to be pissed of . 
  people do n't know much about this stuff , and they pick sides about what they feel about . 
  just try to gently explain the situation , it only takes a few minutes every day . 
  yes they should , and yes that could happen if it was n't because they put themselves in this situation . 
  i explained it above . 
  i understand your argument , but i do n't agree with it . 
  there 's no atrocity here , there 's a constitution that prevents a country from dismembering and falling apart , and provides some regions with privileges that not many regions in other countries have . 
  but anyway , at the bottom , what many of you are asking is either accept that catalonia goes independent , basically leaving +50 % of catalonians on their own , giving up in its responsibility , or just accepting a whole regional government go against the rule of law . 
  there is a good reason , dismembering a country always becomes a shithow , and there 's plenty of literature about why it 's a bad idea and why a qualified majority is required to do so . 
  it 's nothing particular to spain , is how most constitutions are made . 
  the spanish state is not denying anything , people elect who governs them in catalonia , and there is a state trying to make the rule of law prevail . 
  that 's democracy . 
  it 's not about what we like , but about a set of rules that prevent a number of harmful situations . 
  as an * autonomous community * , they have plenty of autonomy for doing what they want about their region really a lot . 
  just because they blame madrid for everything it does n't mean that it 's true . 
  they just have to accept that catalonia is as corrupted as madrid , that both elites are responsible for the situation we are in , and , also in catalonia , there is n't an unanimous opinion about what we should be doing about . 
  democracy is not only about voting , but also about rule of law . 
  there is a path to get a legal referendum . 
  but you need support from other parties/regions and they actively worked against getting that support , with remarks along `` our money goes to lazy southerners so they can stay in the bar '' and very stupid political moves . 
  they cry nobody supports them but they actually put themselves in this situation . 
  imagine a regional politician : hey guys , let 's support the catalans . 
  just forget that they said we are stealing from them , despite them being the second most wealthy region , and maybe some racial remarks . 
  that 's ok !, 
  catalonia is not only a very wealthy region , it 's , along with basque country , benefiting from having all the freight and passenger land transport with france and thus with europe , and has received enormous favors over the centuries , even at the expense of other regions . 
  no wonder how it is possible that this type of arguments sound arrogant for many people in regions that do not have any of that , do not benefit from the transport of goods or passengers , nor have they received institutional protection , nothing , and totally depend on inter - regional solidarity . 
  because of cost . 
  nuclear plants are insanely expensive when you factor every step of the cycle . 
  it ca n't be that every civil engineer in this planet is incompetent except calatrava . 
  is not only in spain , contractors in other countries also complained about the difficulty , so he may think he 's a genius but it 's actually his work to make sure his design is doable in real life . 
  yeah , we do n't understand it either . 
  spain has a lot of companies with plenty experience on big civil engineering projects . 
  they do everything from design to construction , so hiring guys like calatrava is more like when someone wants a big name and flashy stuff . 
  i bet he is n't , more likely recently graduated poor souls being paid shit , or even working for free . 
  not falling apart , but afaik there are problems with thw roof , and cross acussations between calatrava and the constructor . 
  calatrava says that they didnt stick ti material definitions and constructor argues about problems in design . 
  man , italy is beautiful . 
  i 'd just love to wake every day in a place like that and walk to my job . 
  nearly impossible or not , it requires a qualified majority , which is pretty much an standard . 
  they had time to harvest support but they decided to be confrontational and dry everyone else in spain of political capital , typically with racist or derogatory remarks about other regions . 
  now their strategy is to cry because no one supports them in the central parliament ( maybe podemos , but not that much ) but they 've got what they 've been asking for . 
  spain do not refuse a referendum . 
  and independence referendum is illegal , so asking for a referendum is asking the central state to ignore the constitution . 
  there 's only one legal pathway and they already know it . 
  reform the constitution , which requires a majority in the parliament , which is basically the standard everywhere . 
  they were very accepting when the central government handed them monopolies and favors throughout the centuries , though .
