  and afaik it 's cheap . 
  i had my teeth way worse than you and it costed me 2700 $ in my town to get it perfectly . 
  it covered everything , closed price . 
  it 's a north-western midsized city . 
  it depends . 
  typically we drink while we eat , but not too much . 
  wine , beer , whatever , just for the taste . 
  if you go out for pubs , you may drink a lot sometimes , but gradually . 
  if you go clubbing it may be similar as in pubs , but typically you get drunk faster as quality of alcohol tends to be bad in those places and there is more rush . 
  there 's also a phenomena that seems to be disappearing called `` botell\u00f3n '' , which is when people gather in public places to drink and just be with their friends , that usually involves a lot of alcohol and people getting wasted . 
  it 's mostly a teenager thing . 
  i know you 've got a lot of comments , but imo europeans are very open about what they hate , specially about politics . 
  because i know a bit of american social dynamics i can understand why this comes as shocking . 
  also , the average guy wo n't be able to separate completely politics and population . 
  another point is that most young people in europe is leftist . 
  i 'd say 60 % or even 70 % of youngsters , so usa represents mostly the opposite of their beliefs , and because it has cultural hegemony receives a backlash proportional to that . 
  it is not that strange if you think about it . 
  if you translate it to a personal question , like , i am being hated because i am american ? 
  the answer is generally no . 
  in fact imo opinions americans are raised with traits that sometimes i miss , like their friendliness and willingness to make confortable social spaces , which is not very trendy in europe ( we tend to be much more harsh in our daily life , or that 's the impression i 've got ) . 
  dude he 's french , do n't ask about food or you will receive a silly answer, 
  the teacher had moral judgments but i do n't really remember anything like that in the books . 
  yes , we learned about the asian theater and the bombs . 
  just do n't pay attention , he probably never went to the us . 
  man , i do n't think that you need such fast trains in switzerland . 
  and the infrastructure is expensive to build and maintain . 
  200km/h is fast enough and way cheaper . 
  europeans , in overall , have a love-hate relationship with north americans . 
  i personally met quite a bit of americans and i found them to be cool people in general . 
  i also value their push for liberty and freedom , despite the cliche , but i really dislike the foreign policy of their government , albeit i know that our equivalent is as messy as theirs . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i 'm pretty sure the portuguese were much more advanced in weapons and tactics . 
  tbh they made their fair share of tactical mistakes . 
  it 's still a bit of a miracle , but it 's also true that argentinians could have done much more . 
  he 's pretty retarded tbh . 
  terrible speeches , terrible image , he just stands as an idiot everywhere he goes , he can not even speak english ... 
  i mean the list is endless . 
  pp party is very corrupt but jesus they had other options ... 
  the iberian ... empire xd, 
  dude , i 'd say r/europe is pretty diverse . 
  us  chile / argentina  colombia  canada  new zealand  australia  uruguay  ecuador  costa rica  brazil  china  thailand, 
  well ... where do i begin ... 
  rare . 
  i do n't . 
  they tend to be unnecessarily harsh and sometimes violent . 
  i do n't think they are bad at fighting crime though . 
  yep . 
  spain , the source of every evil . 
   i 've never heard anyone complain about spain heh , you do n't know any spaniard , do you ? 
   as i said before , if they drop their militarist culture they are absolutely welcome !, 
  wtf . 
  americans come in planes with luggage , not in tanks . 
  exactly . 
  quite often , usually to europe , sometimes to other continets . 
  traveling for work is not something i really enjoy , i usually do n't have any time to enjoy the place so i prefer to stay here , and travel on holidays . 
  it 's meh . 
  it 's a world power , so you get more exposed to it , but i do n't think it is particularly bad in comparison to other nations . 
  i see , thank you . 
  going to mexico is expensive for a spaniard , so it 's possible that you are getting a lot of middle-upper class spaniards , so you might not be that wrong . 
   that they are better than us and they get jobs and advancements over darker skined mexicans well , that could be because if you go to the us you better are qualified . 
  i bet most of the spaniards in the us are pretty high in the terms of qualification . 
  it 's really expensive to go there . 
  it 's not something very broad , but there 's a bit of xenophobia towards them , yes . 
  it varies by country though . 
  it 's a bit of catch22 situation where the hate goes both ways . 
  in reality , if a latin american comes to spain they wo n't suffer discrimination often . 
  i have friends from latam and they told me about a bunch of episodes , but it seems that they are fine and only face it from time to time by the typical jerk . 
  heh , know that feeling bro, 
   side beliefs ? 
  what does this mean ? 
  is the political stuff interfering in your relationship ? 
  i mean , she 's from poland and you are from turkey ... 
  lol that sounds like a fun guy, 
  every time we are in elections . 
  my whole body trembles . 
  a low-income worker ... only sharing a flat , tbh . 
  man , there are so many brands in rioja ... you have to narrow it a bit . 
  i 'm sure that there is +500 brands from that region . 
  what an idiot you are ... 
   fascist defender : * yeah , i wo n't loose more time with a child-minded like you . 
  have a nice day . 
  yeah , that 's how politics work , but it makes no sense trying to explain it to an obtuse mind like yours . 
  go back to men\u00e9ame to get your bubble blowjob dose . 
  dude , go back to meneame please . 
  i 'm pretty aware of what arguments we could have against pp . 
  the fact is that pp does this kind of things is to content their right-wing voters , like giving them a candy . 
  that 's why they attack every right-wing party that tries to compete within that space . 
  your statements make no sense , and really makes me think that you do n't understand how political dynamics work . 
   that said , i do agree that americans lack a sense of the truly long-term and therefore of the cyclical nature of history . 
  we see an upward exponential curve and think it 's going to keep going up . 
  when the chinese see an upward exponential curve , they think it 's going to come back down . 
  they 've done studies on this . 
  that 's interesting !, 
  anyway , we can discuss this until the end of the day , but the only way to understand the ethos from another culture is going and live within it . 
  so this is my intellectualization of how american and european culture compares to each other . 
  americans see their wars , even in their own soil , as something distant . 
  europeans have it more ingrained , because of how our intellectual development translated into education systems , and because every war or major problem is almost never that far away , and it has actual consequences , maybe not for you personally , but for the social or formal institutions you live with . 
  oh , jesus , you are one of that guys . 
  not everyone outside of the left is a fascist . 
  just grow up .
