  i know it sucks , but its almost the same everywhere . 
  in spain many people can not get more than 1mbps . 
  rural connections are not very business worthy for most companies . 
  in spain most of the times you have wimax alternatives for this places , no idea in germany . 
  research a bit , there may be an small company with wimax or something else , with better speed . 
  i bet you live in a fairly rural place, 
  fuck that 's cheap !, 
  300mpbs here are around 50 $ the cheapest . 
  lol , an ocasion for robot dance moves !, 
  it is ... 
  i 've asked about fusion many times to people that supposedly understand this ( friends working as physicists , a friend working in energy , etc ) , and they seem not very enthusiast about it . 
  no , i mean kw , not kwh . 
  in spain you pay a fixed price for the power suply contracted . 
  after that + taxes + other stuff , you have to pay what you actually consume . 
  nope . 
  i have heating , but it runs on gas . 
  exactly . 
  this is only the mundane shit of spanish politics . 
  nobody gives a shit about this . 
  man , do n't even try . 
  do n't waste your effort . 
  context does not matter to most people , they just use history to validate their beliefs . 
  40 $ / mo will be cheap here . 
  i pay around 60 $ and i really take care of not consuming . 
  the problem in spain is that you pay a fixed price for the `` contracted power '' , 4,4 kw in my case . 
  so how are you mexican ? 
  have you been born there ? 
  idk , i suppose its after taxes , but i dont know if its 12 or 14 payments either . 
  that depends on how the company handles it . 
  thay can divide the 2 extra payments in 12 months , so you get a little extra amount every month . 
  well , just a bit of water to cool down yourselves !, 
  idk , i suppose that it was common back in the days , and it just stayed as a common thing in the foreings imaginary . 
  man but it 's 1200 $ , we live in a mid-size city so you can go along with that , but it 's really low , specially for that job . 
  i 've seen another friend in a similar situation , but as software consultant . 
  he said `` fuck it '' and opened a bar . 
  now he works a lot , but earns way more and he says that enjoys it . 
  there are tons of jobs like that . 
  you find yourself doing high skilled work , your company billing shitloads of money , and you being paid shit . 
  well , it 's my actual situation . 
  i work much less hours and have an online business on the side so i can manage it , but i see other coworkers really on burnout . 
  yeah , i find the `` hot spain '' really uncomfortable . 
  well , if you work on the field , having a nap is a smart decision , wherever you are . 
  i 've helped a fried with a potatoes plantation of his family and man , that work is insane . 
  idk how is it possible to work all day there . 
  i was exhausted . 
  it 's not even hot in my region , i live in galicia , known for being rainy and cold . 
  thank you for those kind words , neighbor  i have a portuguese coworker , and he teached me the portugal caralho !, 
  properly . 
  in spain you really need to be high skilled to have work . 
  and it does n't guarantee you a good wage . 
  one of my best friends is designing complex industrial machinery , has been doing it about 5 years , and he still gets paid 1200 $ / mo. 
  i 'd told him multiple times to go elsewhere , but he 's still here . 
  hahaha good one, 
  and italy ... in green ? 
  well , that may explain why siesta is not that common in northern spain . 
  i do n't have a manual job , but i do n't like to work in summer , even with ac ( i got sick between the cold inside and when i have to leave the building ) and we get at most 30\u00ba . 
  i ca n't imagine working in , say , a bar , at 40\u00ba . 
  i 'd say elderly . 
  anyway i think is more common in southern spain . 
  we really are practicing it less . 
  i do n't really know many people who does siesta . 
  haha , that was it . 
  well , but the migrant problem is wrapped with a narrative around regulations and other stuff . 
  i 've done maybe two siestas this year . 
  i always thought why there are no carriers with electric motors and solar + wind generation . 
  it could allow them to save a lot of fuel . 
  lol i really think that 's how many people portrays spain . 
  they do n't understand food . 
  do n't bother trying . 
  secretly, 
   jajaja you are doing good . 
  never , but it 's not like foreign states are delivering their people by plane . 
  they come by themselves . 
  man , easy . 
  i saw telegaita written on reddit . 
  i can die tomorrow , i 've seen everything in life . 
  m8 how many socalist countries do we have on yurop . 
  i can count to 1 . 
  little russia . 
  is there really a market to withstand an influx or europoors ? 
  check ur facts , we are winning here , poortugal, 
  the problem is that we are not going to drop em in the middle of ocean , is n't it ? 
  where do you send em ? 
  you need approval on destination . 
  no thanks . 
  oh please , no . 
  what a surprise . 
  that sounds like a good neighbor . 
  why , isnt a cool headline enough for you ? 
  it might be , still not enough for being confortable . 
  in my mind romania is a land of opportunity , maybe i 'm a bit biased by the news i read , but i think that i was romanian i 'd be doing business there . 
  as always , responsible people pays for everyone else . 
  i 'm also struggling with co-responsailities , and with paying taxes . 
  i pay a lot , due having a job and a business . 
  and i 'm really considering moving out because i just see mismanagement everywhere i look , and i 'm tired to be honest . 
  i also feel treated like a burglar by the tax authority , i 'm a bit fed up ... 
  exactly . 
  do n't be as fool as us . 
  that definition does n't make any sense . 
  even if it comes from un .
