  because you ca n't make a franchise with spanish food . 
  there 's not anything like pasta , where you can argue if it 's better or worst abroad , but it 's more or less simple . 
  paella could be , but you ca n't make it fast food , and to have a decent paella is not really that simple . 
  well , at least you can market your food and the `` italy brand '' , something impossible with most spanish food . 
  maybe paella but tbh most paella i found abroad was just awful . 
  imho you did a good job on marketing . 
  in america good wine is french , olive oil and dry ham is italian . 
  as you sure know we produce a lot of olive oil , wine and `` jam\u00f3n '' , which is something more or less comparable with your prosciutto but we did n't know how to market it , so we sell it in bulk , resulting in more production every year with less margins . 
  we have even all this very famous high-cuisine guys and we did n't managed to take advantage of this to promote our food . 
  we love you too :p even the bunga bunga !, 
  `` before the crisis '' is the keyword here in spain . 
  now everyone is returning to their home countries , which is normal , of course . 
  do n't you get angry when you travel when you see what other countries do with your beloved food ? 
  lol, 
  100 % accuracy with spanish xd, 
   putins biceps . 
  i laughed . 
  hahaha , noobs . 
  i have 3 romanians in my university from ia\u00e7i ( or whatever the name was ) and they do n't speak really well of their country . 
  i know the feeling of not being very proud of your internal politics and everything , but , is n't it a bit over the top ? 
  i mean , every time we ask them of how is something in romania they speak like if everything is just shit . 
  i remember a conversation where i asked about good rock music from romania and the girls were like `` there 's no such thing '' , only the boy told me a bit about them , and the girls where like `` really ? '' . 
  i do n't know romania but imo that 's unnecessary . 
  if i 'd be romanian at least id be proud of the heritage , beautiful landscapes and many other things that i just saw using google . 
  i just loved it . 
  we have others like `` sofa activist '' but champagne socialist is funny . 
   champagne socialist wow , i 'm so amazed with this concept lol . 
  i 'm importing it to spain , with or without your permission :d, 
  an that 's what makes me very angry . 
  portugal . 
  why a fault ? . 
  i find it cool . 
  hahaha, 
  imo romania is getting good traction . 
  being against illegal inmigration makes you nazi and engages in propension of killing people . 
  because as everyone knows there 's no possible rational argument against that . 
  hope you feel good after that statement . 
  maybe germany is at fault , but we should register and track them , otherwise this will be more mess that it is today . 
  imagine there 's a terrorist attack in germany and your goverment claim that it 's neigbours did n't made their job ... we probably get angry here in reddit but the reality is that the most reponsible action today is a proper border control . 
  yep , that thing because hungarians are being called nazis . 
  is n't europe fun ? 
  1500/mo is cheap in n. america . 
  that 's my entire month salary here :d what 's the average wage in your area ? 
  oppressed ? 
  that sucks , i 'm sure , but that 's far from oppression . 
  is n't that a very delicate situation ? 
  seems that greeks do n't matter anymore . 
  that this does n't stop immigrants to come . 
  that 's only useful if it 's know outside the eu . 
  which i bet it 's not . 
  he can speak as a latin american in spain , we are used to hear it since we had many south american inmmigrants here . 
  probably some problems for communication sometimes , but nothing really hard to overcome . 
  i feel identified with you . 
  i have exactly the same problem with many people i know , but i confront them . 
  they kind of refuse to be with me , while at the same time we have fun together . 
  they also know i 'm a leftist but since i do n't believe in myths and i have zero respect for leftist mantras we are many times having opposite views . 
  most people frame their mind with some kind of identification process , more or less a sentimental one , and afterwards rationalizes it . 
  i come from a very strange background ( rich family who became poor , military background , many of them right-wing , even extreme right ) and i had to pull myself out of that shit , so that was really the inverse path . 
  circlejerk ? 
  lol, 
  what happens everytime when a country receives loads of low skilled people into it 's labour market ? 
  it can be two things . 
  they lower the wages or hit the streets , jobless and with no future . 
  thread end . 
  i 'm sorry about your feelings , but mostly every country in the eu has similar situations . 
  demanded to do a thing and the opposite at the same time . 
  and that pisses off everyone . 
  and we have to find a solution . 
  another backstab to eastern europeans . 
  that 's how you build trust !, 
   laws ? 
  lol, 
  are ukranians willing to pay for a quality private healthcare ? 
  i 'll look for the disposable income later . 
  where 's the main problem ? 
  basic coverage ? 
  specialists ? 
   berlin is n't a place to find a job hahaha , funny . 
  well , that could be a method . 
  large companies in spain are perfectly capable of that , but our economy is mostly little and middle-sized ones , and that 's where the problem is . 
  nah , they are in holidays . 
  war is coming to greece . 
  it sounds like a cool system . 
  but chambers of commerce in spain are a bit useless . 
  i do n't know if they have capacity to make that work here , they should change a lot for that . 
   squatting they are russians , do n't trust them . 
  that 's exactly what is going to happen here . 
  we have `` formaci\u00f3n profesional '' here , which is kind of 2 year degree about specifics like `` web programmer '' , `` hairdressing '' etc. 
  at the end of the second year they send you to a company for practicing so it 's similar to the actual german system . 
  the problem was that the quality of the courses depends a lot on the schools , from pure shit formation to good ones , and seemed a bit abandoned by the state , like they do n't pay much attention of it 's performance . 
  even with this problems lots of people sign up every year , but that did n't solve youth unemployment because the problem it 's not over the offer side , it 's a problem of demand for workers . 
  no matter how cool they try to make it , if we do n't have enough positions in private sector , more skilled workers wo n't make it . 
  also in spanish . 
  there 's a little trend to publish in english , but not as much as other countries . 
  perhaps we focus too much on ourselves . 
  i do n't know if it 's a question of selfishness or because we have too many problems ( and we are very passionate about them ) . 
  it is true that in spain we dub everything , it 's one of the reasons why we are so bad speaking other languages ( i guess that is evident in my case ) . 
  anyway i ca n't remember any portuguese channel . 
  i 'm not proud of our ignorance about portugal . 
  tbh portugal is n't really a thing here .
