  the central state is preparing a series of databases to prevent fraud . 
  it will , supposedly , make very easy to track all kinds of fraud . 
  let 's see how it plays , albeit i 'm afraid of the aeat inconsistency with the rules . 
  but that can not explain an 8 % structural unemployment . 
  there has to be more . 
  spain is n't even close to be the country with more vat fraud : http://i.imgur.com/ij8spnp.png?1, 
  hope you do n't repeat the same mistakes europe did . 
  man , you are talking like you are the only one . 
  you are citizen of the 1st economy and military power of the world , with a major media projection . 
  i mean , you ca n't expect to no have any impact . 
  the us is involved in almost everything around the planet so you will always encounter people who criticizes you . 
  and by the way , everyone suffers from stereotypes and bullshit from everyone . 
  lol sure, 
  man , but you are walking on the edge . 
  it has not to be `` just a class of biology '' , i think they have the right of having an agenda , even if we do n't like it . 
  if they say that transgender people is bad people or whatever , it 's ok to go after them , but defending their ideology , precisely over a matter that has discussion going on science , is totally fair . 
  i find this desires of silencing people scary , tbh . 
  and thanks for the downvote , btw . 
  well , i do n't think it 's promoting hate . 
  that interpretation is on the edge , imo . 
  by this standard , could someone being prosecuted because of saying that gender differences are based on biology ? 
  i neither like it , but banning them for expressing their opinions it 's not the way to go . 
  yep , roma criminale is the spanish title , i confused it . 
  well , french people tend to have a very strong french accent while speaking english . 
  i 'm familiarized with french ( i have family in bordeaux and i can somewhat speak it ) so it 's easy to understand , but i 've seen other people struggling . 
  other countries have an easier accent to understand , even with poor english . 
  haha, 
  it 's similar when we try to learn english , there are a lot of false friends so you have to be careful . 
  but yes , spanish , portuguese and italiar are somewhat similar . 
  french seems to be a more distant language tho . 
  mmmm , did u see the stats of spain before the crash ? 
  it 's not like we did n't save money . 
  maybe we should save a shitload more , but then i we have to water down almost everything . 
  dude , the eu is not a federation . 
  it 's not like the us executive , things take time . 
  it 's one of it 's flaws but that 's what we have for now . 
  anyway , the eu is moving towards more militarization . 
  the problem is that not everyone agrees , because of political factors or because purely economical ones . 
  it 's not like the eu is not `` listening '' , it 's ... more complicated . 
  i 'd say go for it . 
  that would help a lot in spain , the judicial system is struggling to keep up with all the shitstorm that 's going on here . 
  i bring you some tapas in exchange dude , do n't get so mad !, 
  i feel ur pain, 
  do u wan na some tercios ? 
  that 's the attitude . 
  nice video !, 
  thank you , 
  spain gets its gas from algeria . 
  is it that difficult to get it from spain ? 
  just the typical freak, 
   without getting really unethical that 's one big problem there . 
  the problem with economics ( and most social sciences ) is that we did n't find any way to simplify the knowledge , so it 's always messy con complicated . 
  in other words : to understand economics , you have to study it , not just briefly look at wikipedia . 
  very diversified economy , a model for democracy , wealthy . 
  yep , i also liked it . 
  everything can be fixed with good food & drink . 
  they also banned me when i tried to correct them about nonsense they are saying on eu politics , like painting golden down as good ol' patriots and stuff . 
  spain is not a planned economy , so it happend over time because of the market . 
  it 's a complex topic so you really need to read about that , i ca n't explain it briefly in a reddit comment from this tiny laptop ( im not confortable writing long posts ) . 
  it 's not the main source of our problems , of course , but it 's another layer on top for low value added products , as the primary sector is , basically with wholesale products . 
  so it 's easy to sell in germany for example , but we lost market share outside the eu because of this . 
  this is not the only one , but it 's the first that i encountered : http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/twec.12241/abstract;jsessionid=786b8e8937505fd65b23ef928a765802.f04t04 there 's more in ssrn searching for keywords like `` euro , devaluation '' or stuff like that . 
   all countries who adopted the euro as currency had to go through a similar process by reevaluating prices and wages . 
  not everyone . 
  it was not the case for germany for example . 
  other countries also did n't , but i do n't remember how many . 
   if things were expensive before switching to the euro , it 's logical that they stayed expensive after the switch . 
  switching to a new currency does n't have any impact on prices and wages if the switch is made by respecting the relative value of the former currency . 
  well , it did have an impact . 
  as i said there 's research about it . 
  i can not provide you the link now but i think it was easy to find in the ssrn . 
  corruption is a problem but it has very little to do with this . 
  anyway , i 'm not saying all this to blame others on the problems that spain has . 
  i 'm saying this to picture a situation that confronts a little bit this image of spain recovering and everything going ok . spain collapsing is not an impossible scenario . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  the euro had and impact on it , because it overvaluates the product . 
  that 's why spain had to have an `` internal devaluation '' on wages . 
  i 'm not making this up , there 's actually research on this . 
  you did n't see `` made in spain '' because two reasons : 1 ) our industry is mostly b2b , not b2c . 
  i ca n't think on many b2c product companies . 
  1 ) we export mainly to uk , germany , france , italy and china . 
  that 's what we exported to romania in 2014 : http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/visualize/tree_map/hs07/export/esp/rou/show/2014/ it constitutes less that 1 % of our exports : http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/visualize/tree_map/hs07/export/esp/show/all/2014/ and that 's what spain actually exports : http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/visualize/tree_map/hs96/export/esp/all/show/2014/ also , a product like a potato can not be much more cheap , except if chemicals , labor and so on goes cheaper . 
  i know people who had experiments with robots with no success ( on of them near here , arteixo ) because apparently it 's very complex for a robot to do it properly and they did n't save any cost . 
  that 's the problem with most of primary sector . 
  our industry on industrial equipment is doing more or less good . 
  also everything related to sea-stuff ( boats , engines , etc ) and many others , but a big chunk of it it 's parts for cars , planes , trains etc , and that 's an industry based on price . 
  competitors outside the eu are very very cheap compared to us . 
  that forecast is only a `` technical analysis '' , so it wo n't really tell you anything . 
  there are two important things to consider : a ) the lowest unemployment ever ( in democracy ) for spain was 8 % . 
  that 's a problem . 
  b ) we need to speed up the pace very fast or we could find ourselves in default before we have enough contributors . 
  our public debt is skyrocketing . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/spain/government-debt-to-gdp c ) as i said , our primary sector and industry with supposedly price competitive products and services is struggling to keep up with the market , because of the overvalued euro , and primary sector is a fundamental source of income for many families in southern spain , and this price-industry employs a lot of people in the industrial rings in major cities . 
  that 's also a problem . 
  i 'd love to share your positivity but the reality is that spain is on the edge , even considering the improvements . 
  i 'm very happy with what 's going on in romania after the last elections , i though that romania was doomed to go backwards . 
  bringing up eastern europe is possibly one if the key elements for the survival of the eu . 
  together with poland i can see this happening . 
  at least that 's good news . 
  italy seems to be doing poorly , and the collapse of spain is still very possible .
