  spain wo n't be able to meet the 2 % no matter what . 
  the state budget is on the edge . 
  you have been lucky . 
  most 60s/60s buildings are pure garbage . 
  i ca n't even get why people did n't think otherwise . 
  hope the best for you guys . 
  if we go back to little nation states , we are going to be raped without mercy by all big powers . 
  so we better fix this fuckup . 
  man , this is not cool . 
  that would be better in theory , but i do n't think the chinese would like it . 
  well , the situation in the balearic islands , specially ibiza , is so crazy that i 'm not surprised at all . 
  there is a remaining problem in madrid and barcelona though . 
  maybe if a smart lady in the north did n't call for everyone in , we in the south wo n't be dealing with this shit . 
  we already had this problems and nobody cared , and now we get more . 
  also , lybia was a fucking disaster , but we did n't push for it , it was over anything a france-us venture . 
  we did n't receive lots of lybians tho , mostly moroccans and algerians . 
  i 'd leave it to `` fuck '' or `` meh '' in the best scenario . 
  `` murica '' is a way better country than many european ones , plus americans are easy people to be with . 
  oh , there is a ton of difference . 
  even in the most basic aspects . 
  we have moroccans and latin americans and there is even a huge difference between them . 
  that 's stupid . 
  mediterranean diet is a myth . 
  maybe 25 % of the population does it , no more . 
  they have guns . 
  also , being hit by a baton really hurts . 
  as if they have no lessons to teach us ... 
  i believe in nothing . 
  related : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5kxjd9/are_refugees_andor_migrants_really_linked_to/, 
  as a galician , everytime i 'm getting out of the northwest i 'm like `` holy crap this is hot '' . 
  the fuck , the guy was just commenting dude, 
  you do n't have to be poor . 
  just have to manage your resources bad . 
  something that can happen to everyone . 
  example : galician spanish autonomous community privaticed its air firefight resources and now we have less equipment for a higher price . 
  well , hope you are safe guys . 
  maybe we could send planes and helis , does croatia have this equipment ? 
  your comment needs a `` lol '' at the end , or maybe '' / s '' . 
  i wo n't call germans nazi , but they seem pretty stupid supporting this stuff . 
  everyone else is suffering the consecuences , specially italy and greece . 
  haha amazing , i 'll do it if i had the opportunity xd, 
  galician here . 
  can confirm . 
  dude , you americans have so much self hate now . 
  you look almost like an european . 
  you 're doing it wrong . 
  that 's because of the orography, 
  man , the bidet also needs to be cleaned . 
  if you cleaned the bidet , there is no problem with it . 
  of course you wipe , you are correct . 
  what the fuck ... 
  i 'd be pretty angry if i was italian . 
  it looks like circlejerk material for this sub . 
  seriously , awe we gon na paint putin like the baddie ? 
  i thought we were more mature in this sub . 
  i 'm a bit tired of people upvoting every single nonsense drama , it seems like / worldnews . 
  read this with female voice, 
  that 's easy to say when you do n't live in a difficult economy , where a change like this can have deep economical consecuences , letting yourself without income , thus no way to pay for your rent and for your food . 
  it 's not just a political issue . 
  you may tell me whatever you want , but this can trigger a personal situation where i may be unable to feed my mother , who depends on me . 
  so please , less lessons about this and that , i had enough studying sociology . 
  problem is everyone will pay the consequences , not only the catalans . 
  exactly . 
  just because you did n't notice , is not like mediterranean countries did n't had to deal with waves of migrants even a decade ago . 
  i understand why italians are angry about this stuff , sometimes someone in the north has a great idea and they have to deal with the consequences . 
  i 'm in a coru\u00f1a so we do n't get that much . 
  anyway , the tourist profile is very different . 
  i 'm from galicia so i 'm not that used to . 
  i mean , if i know , let 's say , a pretty german girl who wants to get laid with me , i wo n't be thinking that i 'm going to be accused of rape afterwards . 
  now im more aware of this things , but it is sad to need to be thinking about this stuff when you are getting to know a girl . 
  well , i 'd say you do n't need to be very sexy . 
  alcohol + being in another country = sex . 
  i mean , it 's pretty easy to have sex with some foreigners . 
  you do n't need to push for it , it 's like they consider you a sexual object . 
  and i must clarify that although i 'm a bit fit , and have long hair , it happend to most of my friends , specially in the mediterranean . 
  i never had any `` rape problem '' but i heard it first hand , and it was in the press a while ago . 
  is this usual in romania ? 
  it has been raining this days in galicia , so we 've got a break . 
   when some of the separatists leaders got murdered , that was definitely russia behind it , \u00bf ? \u00bf ? 
  who said that ? 
  it 's pretty clear for me that it was the ukranians , but i just do n't think that separatist have the logistics for this kind of operations by themselves . 
  who else ? 
  top notch separatist intelligence services ? 
  the claim is against the insurance companies , that prefer to pay the money because its cheaper than going to court , and then proceed to raise premiums to the spanish hotels . 
  so while this situation is not cleared , i 'm not going to blame the hotels for wanting to `` ban '' some tourists . 
  and i 'm sorry if you think this conversation is very 19th century , but english is not my 1st language , maybe if we can continue this conversation in spanish i may be able to express myself properly . 
  the problem is that this is not the first scam to happen in a large scale . 
  in many touristy places there was ( idk if it is still going ) many people accused of rape after having sex with a foreigner ... 
  i do n't remember the specific details but they get money or something else . 
  pretty sad . 
  tourism is sadly the only way we have to employ large bags of low-skilled people that got spilled out of the construction sector after the housing bubble , but we should reduce its weight in the economy , because it is destroying lots of beautiful places and , personally , i 'm not getting very good impression of the people that comes here ... 
  so we have to suck it up ? 
  is this what are you suggesting ? 
  still you have to prove what you said . 
  we buy , design , and build lots of european stuff . 
  we have some american stuff but is far from being the majority of it , so if you do n't have proof for your statements ( well , it 's impossible since everybody can search on inet what do we use ) i 'd say that he 's right at least on that you are bitter , for whatever the reason . 
  about the same . 
  and i 'm not sure if we are going to get faster , because hsr is way more expensive , and there 's a bit of discussion if it makes sense to get rid of more economical trains that go +160 kmh for hsr , which only becomes profitable if they go to point a to point b without any stop . 
  tbh is very confusing . 
  s80 is spanish design and built .
