  you have news only when something big happens , but i ca n't really see the tides . 
  even in galicia , where i 'm from , it 's only a sense of cultural proximity , but not really something strong , which does not make any sense in my opinion , we should do more things together . 
  what 's the point of view from portugal ? 
  yep . 
  they are very greedy , and always trying to bully local governments on elections to get money . 
  really awful people . 
  many highways are private in spain . 
  they often cry about profits and demand public money . 
  not worth it . 
  i tried to think about this , but it 's very complicated . 
  eu and usa did n't align in many things previously , what would be our position now ? 
  tbh there are too many variables to consider . 
  i 'm waiting to read some experts to gain insight . 
  i do n't care to be honest . 
  a dick-measuring contest will be endless here , better to calm us down ... 
  it 's true , but we did n't even try . 
  i mean , what are the solutions on the table ? 
  close the borders to those damn muslism or open them because it 's racists otherwise . 
  this is not the attitude to tackle any problem . 
  oh thank you italian . 
  the day theyll come ill be eating italian food just to honor you . 
  the problem with refugees is that we do n't know who they are . 
  literally , they made up strategies to difficult that work for police . 
  many of them were not actually refugees and on top of that , we have a very visible problem not only with radical islamism , but with just islam cohabitation in the same spaces . 
  al those problems need to be treated . 
  we may feel bad for them but it 's nonsense to difficult our actual shitty situation with this . 
  also , if you know anything about immigration , importing a shitload of people at once is a very bad idea . 
  the amount of people you let in , and the timing , are very important to integration . 
  otherwise you end up with gettos . 
  and those are studied and/or known problems that are very far from a powerful narrative , do not have anything to do with internationalism and feelings of compassion , but need to be addressed urgently . 
  so what would the left do . 
  keep pushing the idea that pointing at that problems is just racist ? 
  because this is what most of the left is doing across europe , and i anticipate you that it 's not a good idea , because the right wing will benefit from it , as it is already doing . 
  i do n't know what he really believes , but if he ca n't stay in power because of gop donors or voters , he will do it . 
  personal choices of presidents can only be pushed when there is negligible resistance against . 
  maybe because you are american you have problems understanding it , because you do n't have an outsider perspective , but clinton was also a threat for us . 
  anyway , this election was lost by liberals , not won by republicans . 
  go check the data and think about it . 
  maybe liberals have done things wrong , like choosing an awful candidate , that triggers legitimate concerns , and being awfully classist with wasps . 
  as an outsider , it was clear for me that treating this people that awful was going to backfire . 
  maybe you did n't contribute to it , but it really seemed like most liberals did . 
  nah , that 's just the anti-american rant but now with an add-in tupe . 
  do n't even pay attention . 
  man , you are in brazil , you 'll be safe lol, 
  exactly . 
  you do n't have to be nationalist nor anti-immigration . 
  most people is just looking for a rational solution . 
  something like to link immigration visas to x economy indicators , and explain it . 
  it would also help to recognize that certain religions and cultures come with difficulties that others do n't . 
  most political debates pivot over being a cool multiculturalist and a rather closed nationalist . 
  that 's nonsense . 
   also , that 's mostly a phenomenon from the anglo-sphere . 
  and the internet ( and the world ) is more than them . 
  exactly . 
  i hope you are american , because this is nonsense . 
  `` muh white privilege '' ... almost everybody is white here , and going to `` college '' is not really that privileged , since many europeans went to univeristy and they are not even in the middle class . 
  the problem with your stance is that most people that endorses it end up in an eco chamber where immigration policies do n't cause problem and therefore those problems do not need to be treated ( i 'm using immigration as an example ) . 
  the left loves to ride the intellectual horse across the storm . 
  it 's ideas are attractive in that frame but are problematic to apply in the day-to-day menial work . 
  for example . 
  what if you find that , say , 20 % of the refugees are actually endorsing radical islam . 
  the left just do n't know what to do , because they have no solution for a problem like this . 
  so the typical following action is denying that the actual problem exist . 
  but because the problem is there , and some people gets affected by it , someone takes advantage of it and tries to build a narrative around it ( extreme right in this case ) . 
  so the left follows with silencing even the evidence , which is no more possible since we live in a complex world and we have internet , so that only comes to fuel the situation against them . 
  not everyone is in the anglosphere . 
  i am actually pretty qualified to say that , yes . 
  i hope she is not , because that will be the beginning of the end for the eu . 
  man , that was an election lost by democrats and liberal voters . 
  democrats because of their stupid decisions . 
  liberals because they feel so good with themselves that lost track of their awful classism , that can be seen anywhere . 
  trump voters feel treated like trash . 
  that 's a situation that could n't last long without consequences . 
  exactly . 
  it 's just marketing . 
  he knows his target . 
  i do n't get how people can be so naive to think that a dumb man can get into the white house . 
  he may be bad , but not dumb . 
  man , calm down . 
  i 'm sure he 's awful , but no stupid people wins an election . 
  if he was really that dumb , i can promise you his team is not . 
  they studied their marking to look like they do . 
  it is n't casual . 
  never , anywhere . 
  it 's not a failed democracy . 
  democrats decided to put hillary in place , which was clearly a truly bad candidade , someone to really fear , especially if you are not american . 
  and many trump supporters feel abandoned . 
  what i see with many `` liberals '' ( in american terms ) is that they have a really strong and awful classism ( in bordieu 's terms ) that hurts them badly . 
  if you treat a large chunk of the population like trash , well , that backfires . 
  a similar phenomenon is happening in spain with urban leftist voters . 
  well , i though you where thinking in another thing . 
  i know that history . 
  what happend ? 
  yep , but spain is still an eu country . 
  we did n't ask for military help , because we did n't need it . 
  what we requested was political support , and not really strong . 
  but seeing our allies siding with morocco was really an unpleasant surprise . 
  well , that 's clearly not enough . 
  exactly . 
  we are supposed to be allies ...
