  a400m european eurofighter the same ... 
  almost everything we have is european . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  the problem is lack of customers . 
  captain sweden !, 
  drystorms are problematic . 
  there is not much you can do about it , except cleaning the forest before the summer begins , which sadly uncommon . 
  mmm , tbh i 'm not sure how effective that could be , is there any video with testing ? 
  depending on conditions , you can be breathing 500\u00ba air before having direct sight of fire . 
  they probably did n't stand a chance . 
  what a nonsensical comment . 
  what are you suggesting ? 
  should we ignore that russia exists ? 
  will a change in russia make them dissapear ? 
  man , you are just fooling yourself if you think that germany is going to be left alone . 
  germany is a big country in many senses , it 's a big cake of power , just because you ignore it , it wont dissapear . 
  spain is also in danger , lots of areas with `` extreme '' danger by aemet http://www.aemet.es/es/eltiempo/prediccion/incendios, 
  we already have it . 
  we sent planes and military firefighters but apparently the fire was so vast and violent ... 
  we are sending also people and tracks . 
  maybe the ume goes again . 
  this . 
  what delicious hungarian stuff can we buy on the internetz ? 
  i have a pipe with two bags bro . 
  i guess the idea is to show that `` muslims are not bad people '' . 
  the problem here is that we are talking about terrorism , which is a complex issue where the good or the bad inner feelings of most muslims do not matter a lot . 
  imho , there 's a logic that many people stands that while the western countries are fucking up their countries and killing people ( because we are , let 's be clear ) , somehow we should allow open borders as collateral . 
  this argument seems to be based on western guilt . 
  we acknowledge that we are in power , and using this power to cause suffering , so in return we give them a lollipop ( open borders , the possibility of a `` better life '' ) . 
  many people seems to think that this is fair , justice , or whatever . 
  to me this is just a policy that makes people feel good and harms their very country . 
  it wo n't solve anything . 
  they need to have stable countries where there is an actual possibility of building life projects . 
  this is the only way to achieve peace in my opinion . 
  the current situation is just importing people and put them in a situation where they feel completely outsiders , thus deepen the resentment they already come with . 
  problem is , what if you do n't agree with neither of this two options ? 
  i do n't agree with the west meddling and fucking their countries , and i vote accordingly , but i 'm also an atheist and i 'm very aware of the power of religion , specially the dangerous frame that islam provides to their believers . 
  i do n't think that introducing islam followers is going to do any good for us . 
  i also know that many people is in the same position as me . 
  you either vote for a party that is against this middle-east campaign , but is for open borders , or you vote for the very opposite option , close borders and aggressive response . 
  having ten millions of muslims marching for peace is cool , but it does only take a few to plan terrorist attacks , and also , whether they like or not , polls are there , with not very pleasant results . 
  it only takes a few to recruit , a few to spread , etc. 
  doable . 
  do n't worry about safety . 
  every major city will have crowds , that 's unavoidable . 
  anyway , are you prepared for tolls ? 
  because that 's the problem here . 
  unless you know how to circumvent them , going by `` autov\u00edas '' etc , but i wo n't expect that knowledge from a foreigner . 
  you just have to believe . 
  i 'm a fucking ninja , come at me bro , ill kill you with my sliced jam\u00f3n ninjakus . 
  take your vacations in september-october , or maybe in march-april . 
  way less crowded , possibility to actually get to know locals , way more pleasant weather , still sunny in mediterranean spain . 
  i know not everyone has the possibility to choose in their job , but if you have , that 's the best deal for me . 
  sapo means toad in spanish . 
  so they have toad intelligence in sweden , apparently :d, 
  i do n't understand why people visits spain in summer . 
  it does n't make any sense . 
  im currently living in a coru\u00f1a and i have direct sight to the tower from my room . 
  disparado ? 
  it makes no sense in spanish . 
  oh yes , pp party always making a good impression of us . 
  having rajoy is like having a sad trump , who likes to walk fast and improvise tongue twisters . 
  miss a1 ring , loved to play it in f1 2002 back in time , when i could spend hours and hours playing ... 
  come on man , what 's the worst that can happen ? 
  another world war ? 
  we just got used to it , and the 3rd is always the best . 
  dude , we have so much struggle with the ac here in summer , of course it is worse than two world wars . 
  americans and their silly worldview . 
  north spain best spain !, 
  filthy southerners , stop pushing your hot air towards us !, 
  they are more known for this song ( boyfriend of death ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8xulthbk5z8 they really represent the most religious and backwards spanish military . 
  i mean , other branches have lot of tradition , inevitably christian stuff is going to show up , but this guys are really into it . 
  that seems just what you wanted to see written , but it 's actually not . 
  make barcelona independent . 
  it clearly pays for everyone else in catalonia . 
  probably something romanian or latvian . 
  we are the baddies mate . 
  inherently fascists , as ive been accused in this sub before . 
  we can not compete with the wonderland of free passports and candy for everyone . 
  mmm , i cant think of any, 
  go ahead and find more silly paralelism that we both know dont apply . 
  this is going to be bad for everyone , and people is underestimating the consecuences . 
  i ca n't imagine what would be to have sex in extremadura without ac . 
  you die after orgasm . 
  like this insects where the male dies after . 
  yeah , i found it curious , although maybe is just a coincidence . 
  i ca n't even pronounce their name . 
  i just say checkia and fuck it . 
  plenty of places for that . 
  that 's what foreigners call `` siesta '' . 
  basically a 2 hours full stop , breaking the journey into two . 
  was a good idea back in time , or for factories or places where there 's no ac , or ac may have no effect . 
  just bad for everything else , because you have just no life outside work , and nowadays many people just takes the car , goes home , eats , and back to work . 
  it 's a waste of time . 
  imho it would be way better to do like in my job , 20-30 minutes to eat , in a place with fridge , microwave and everything , and you get out at 16h . 
  but again , i live in galicia . 
  it 's hot at 1400 in summer but you can perfectly stand it . 
  those are siesta sharks , no problem amigo . 
  just let them sleep and everything will be fine . 
  it 's pretty heavy though .
