  but most of them are south americans , which they integrate very well . 
  imagine a city where the average wage for and educated it guy is 1300/mo and he pays 800 for a flat . 
  + 20 % unemployment , 50 % for youngsters , + temporal contracts all time , so you are going in and out unemployment until who knows , 35 ? 
  that 's supossing that you have a job , and you really wo n't save any money . 
  i 'm living by myself , but i 'm also in a cheap city , with a long term contract with an it company and a little business myself . 
  so `` i 'm lucky '' . 
  so more in my favor , it 's an improvement :d, 
  well , i understand your point of view but immigration does not have to be muslim . 
  we 've got lots of south americans over here and it was good imho . 
  because we have much less immigration . 
  greeks are mostly overwhelmed by their situation , and immigration is just another playing factor in it . 
  in my experience spaniards do n't really care about immigrants , unless they are muslims . 
  and that 's not because some reminiscence of our history , but because they really form ghettos and cause a lot of friction with their neighbors . 
  adults not that much , but young muslims really go a lot further than our local chavs . 
  if you want your corruption replaced you just have to ask , we will happily send ours !, 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i 'm trying to build a business online , but it seems that i should aim to a more broad market , because internal demand seems insufficient . 
  the problem is that i do n't feel comfortable enough with my english skills , and i do n't know anyone who i could trust as copywiter etc. 
  id make more working on mercadona with groceries than dealing with it bullshit all day in my work . 
  maybe i 'm dumb and id should move to something more simple and relax . 
  that 's exactly spain, 
  both . 
  they really pay peanuts . 
  i work for a large it company and they really pay low . 
  despite have a 10 % after taxes benefit every year and having really large clients that could afford more . 
  sometimes they come about closing our office , because we , supposedly , have low kpi 's . 
  we always discover that they lie about our performance , but they keep pushing this bs . 
  we are in a place now that most of my coworkers do n't give a shit about their work anymore , so now managers come to ask how it possible that the quality of our work and productivity is lowering . 
  geniuses . 
  and is not even the worst place that i know . 
  on the flip side i 'm going home about 16:00 and i can walk to it in 4 minutes . 
  i dont think that 's good for anyone . 
  plus we need the catalan voters to counter-balance the fu *** pp . 
  our `` comunidades aut\u00f3nomas '' are almost federal states . 
  they can handle most of their budged and manage things like retirement pensions , healthcare and so on . 
  so the reality is different from the narrative . 
  they really are very independent on most of their decisions . 
  accountability is another thing . 
  there is accountability in spain , and many people pay for what the had done ( ive seen a decend amount of politicians going to prision ) , but is sloooow , and still has enough shadows to not consider judicial system entirely trustworthy . 
  the eu do not really seem to push anything on this matter . 
  they just do `` recommendations '' , which of course leads people to think that they see all this corruption and just dont care . 
  is not that simple . 
  a country with +20 % of unemployment is a country where many people are desperate . 
  most of the people just survive month by month . 
  not because they do n't know how to save or do not know how to behave with money ( something that could happen under the housing bubble ) but because they simply can not go any better . 
  so it 's a perfect place for the populist to step in . 
  adittionally , there is a very vague perception of the benefits of the eu , because most workers did n't get anything tangible . 
  salaries did n't increase , the job market didnt ( effectively ) improve ( the eu is the place where you go to find work when you exhausted all your options in spain ) , and you get a narrative where the eu comply with governments who try to dismount public healthcare and subsidies , something on what many spaniars really have to rely on . 
  that 's very hard work . 
  someone has to make a counter narrative then . 
  if you have a generation of , for example , hopeless young spaniards you better have a good idea of how to convince them , because i think most spaniads do n't have a good opinion of the eu either . 
  and of courser , back it up with something . 
  the average spaniards knows very little about what the eu is , and his common knowledge includes a correlation between entering the euro and prices going nuts , but not salaries . 
  asociating the eu with a convervative-populist party with most of their voters in their +60 s doesnt make any better for youngsters . 
  spain is most of the time in a counter-economy-cicle to northern europe , and it probably wont get better with more integration . 
  that 's an structural problem and tbh i have no idea how to fix it . 
  it 's pretty difficult to align southern and northern needs . 
  man , people is just having fun , not threatening her , jesus . 
  the republican side was a mess , with so many factions , so i think that yes , they needed a proper army on their side , say french , say british , say soviet . 
  their internal disputes were just a facepalm . 
  the fracoists were not as organized and efficient as propaganda said , so loads of soldiers were not needed , just a proper organization and a sufficient supply of ammo , medical stuff , etc. 
  yep , but that , while courageous , did nothing against the francoist military + nazis + italians . 
  it was impossible to win without formal intervention . 
  well , most allieds decided to do nothing about the spanish civil war . 
  i vote for burning shit . 
  yep , both spanish police and guardia civil have good reputation on gathering intel and anti-terrorist security . 
  there was n't a break from francoist dictatorship to democracy , so certainly most of the know-how has been recycled ... 
  around 5 $ https://soysuper.com/search?q=nutella&amp;sort=uprice%3aasc, 
  we make a big deal with wines here in spain . 
  i bet that many spanish producers would be upset with your comment :p we did n't get the food marketing i suppose . 
  you dream so much . 
  spain will have to defend gibraltar if someone attacks it . 
  i do n't know where to begin with you masturbation about russia an spain invading together gibraltar , it 's just hilarious . 
  ceuta and melilla are not under nato umbrella , even when the spanish government tried to change that multiple times . 
  basically we wont have any response from nato if we had a conflict with our only natural enemy , morocco . 
  russians are just clients there , and afaik they have plenty right to do it if they are not doing any military manouver . 
  is cost of living decent in porto or lisbon , or high for its salaries ? 
  1k in spain is just a bit beyond survival . 
  and +20 % unemployment dont make it any better . 
  so yes , poland may be difficult to live but greece and spain are way worse imho, 
  people complain too much . 
  maybe the quality drowned but face it , that 's what we have . 
  the beauty of being pissed off by your own citizens . 
  that 's the spanish way . 
  i think that it 's because there was a large influx of poor and gipsy romanians , so that 's what people actually call `` romanians '' . 
  we also got news of `` romanian bands '' who came here to steal , and they where very violent ( they entered houses and beat people , etc ) , so people had fear of them . 
  i had three romanian students in my uni and they were a bit pissed off by that . 
  i feel bad for portugal . 
  we have more unemployed people and still they get called poor . 
  not saying their analysis is invalid , but were n't this guys the ones whose emails where released by wikileaks , saying that `` people could be surprised by our sources '' , because said sources where worthless ? 
  i mean , this article is mainly `` open intelligence '' but just to be careful . 
  it really is amazing to me how a basic need as housing has the same problems everywhere , yet the governments do little to nothing about it . 
  rents are eating a large chunk of disposable income of workers , why everyone is so shy to intervene in this market . 
  could be , i find it strange anyway . 
  i cant look for data now , but if you look for wage distribution in madrid i 'm pretty sure the median ( not average ) salary is way lower , and i would even say that 1/3 of them are under 14k . 
  it needs cheap housing , whatever it takes . 
  maybe public investment , maybe private , whatever . 
  people can not pay up to 50 % of their salary in housing , and that 's not accounting for those who earn under 1k $ . 
  carmena wo n't be able to force banks or sareb to open their stock , so if the only way is more stock competing against the free market , then that 's what 's needed . 
  renting prices are going up again , so there 's a massive gentrification process going on in madrid and bacelona .
