  catalu\u00f1a was not even the last place to fall . 
  dude , why are you lecturing people if you do n't know shit about this ? 
  catalans voted for approving the current constitution . 
  if they want to secede , the only legal way is to reform the constitution , which is not impossible ( they could get support from other regions if they were n't that confrontational ) , albeit it takes time . 
  basically , if the government allows a referendum they would be doing something illegal . 
  even in case of having the favor of the government , if they do n't change the constitution everyone involved could be subject of prosecution , so i can understand why public employees are not very excited with this situation . 
  it 's more or less in the middle . 
  look again . 
  there has to be something about cheese , i 'm sure . 
  come on dude , you know it 's true . 
  it does n't matter how independent you feel , in spain you wo n't stand a chance . 
  you 'll get a job , get out of home , loose your job , and get in again . 
  that 's how it is , some economies give you the ability to make plans , some others not . 
  it 's not casual the spanish age of 29 , because it more or less matches when people finds stable jobs . 
  stable income -  you get the fuck out . 
  spaniards also like to have sex without worrying about their parents or flatmates . 
  yeah , there was nothing fishy at all in the whole process . 
  they 'll put porn behind a paywall , and a public employee will review your very well styled and formatted request . 
  yes to both statements xd anyway , he brings very interesting points . 
  slavoj , dude , u are cool , but you have to control your spitting . 
  ok italians , you have to stop . 
  everyone feels miserable in this sub because of you . 
  i just look at your pictures and my city is just a shithole in comparison . 
  i want to feel like i have a normal life again . 
  stop this . 
  no more pictures of italy . 
  no more italian food . 
  feed us just with berlusconi shit , and everything will be fine . 
  well , they are just worshiping traditions then . 
  just attack the messenger i suppose . 
  was n't him in that interview ? 
  was someone else posing as him ? 
  the video is as real as the interview , whoever uploads it to youtube . 
  also , being qualified in x area does not make you an expert of everything , nor justifies racial slurs . 
  yeah , same with an uncle . 
  loved him , yet always on the edge of embarrassment . 
  yeah , that 's him . 
  but was n't the justice after him for a ton of corruption ? 
  well , berlusconi was bad , but at least was funny . 
  it like , at least one checkbox . 
  can we avoid making another thread of eu vs america ? 
  it became boring dude . 
  oh come on ... 
  the problem is that the current party in power in spain just cuts the money . 
  i mean , they do n't really make a high effort to reduce the impact of the budget cuts . 
  it 's just a mess . 
  the manage to cut budgets while increasing debt . 
  amazing . 
  it 's like , when everything is screwed up , you always have portugal for finding hope . 
  i think it originated after the * revolu\u00e7\u00e3o dos cravos * , but i 'm not sure . 
  ok , but where is the hate to portuguese there ? 
  for someone in a tourist town , you are just another tourist . 
  it 's not like they 'll love or hate you because you are a portuguese . 
  they may be used to tourist or just dislike them , or whatever the feeling they have . 
  i mean , we can discuss about their politeness , but i do n't think it has anything to do with your nationality . 
  i 'm tired of politico and all other clickbaity sites . 
  please , try to use other sources . 
  meet maastrich first , then we will see . 
  if you allow the spanish government to do whatever they want , they will take it for granted . 
  i know that 's shooting on my feet but that 's how it is . 
  there 's no fiscally responsible party in spain . 
  well , there is , but they are in municipalities or regional governments . 
  well , then is a weird experience . 
  there 's not hate of portuguese people whatsoever . 
  where did you get that experience ? 
  who told you that ? 
  there is even a motto of `` siempre nos quedar\u00e1 portugal '' . 
  well , i suppose that having a large fleet of nuclear submarines as the us has , it does n't make much sense having nukes in trucks , or at least not many of them . 
  hmm , seems like you are talking about spain ... 
  so if i understood correctly , you just embed `` non profit housing '' into whatever the building is choosen ? 
  i guess that you are talking about the netherlands , is n't it ? 
  it seems pretty nice to be honest , even though your photo seems a bit abandoned . 
  the style and the green tends to provide a cozy feeling . 
  do you have any google maps link to lurk around ? 
   social housing corporations ( they 're not allowed to make a profit ) ? 
  are they ngos ? 
  also , how is 710 $ for someone who 's gon na get into that kind of housing ? 
  i 'm sure it 's cheaper than free market but , is it cheap enough for low-tier salaries ? 
  seems like a lot of green everywhere , isnt it ? 
  i knew about the banlieues , how is it inside ? 
  i mean , most of the housing build between 60s and 70s in spain is pure crap , is it the same there or just feels `` grey '' ? 
  thank you . 
  is it possible to provide some pics as example ? 
  meh , i 'm already in that edge . 
  really the problem could be solved if the fucking housing market made sense . 
  it does n't . 
  i 'm not gon na put 3/4 of my earning into having somewhere to sleep no matter how hard they try . 
  i 'd rather break into somewhere and occupy the place , fuck private property and stuff . 
  not yet . 
  but foreign investment and prices are increasing . 
  you tell me how is that going to work with stagnant salaries and 60 % of spaniards earning below 1k/month . 
  it 's nonsense . 
  heh , i am one of those . 
  i always find funny to read stuff like , why millenials do n't buy cars ? 
  why millenials do n't buy houses ? 
  and this and that . 
  well , because i have no money dude . 
  and the money i have i 'd better keep it because i 'll probably have a shitty retirement pension . 
  and i 'm supposed to be one of those lucky guys with job and savings . 
  it 's not like i do n't want to invest , it 's just that i 'm conservative about it because i know what is to be without it , and i really do n't want to repeat the experience .
