  do n't say it too loud , because that 's the main problem of european inmmigration . 
  in spain many latin americans got trapped with the 08 crisis , because they were low paid workers and can not afford to return home - research suggest that it 's not only paying the ticket , there 's more expenses , and people in their origin countries expect them to have improved their life . 
  they feel as failures . 
  my advice to portuguese is to not let this happen . 
  a proper inmmigration policy is important . 
  it 's not a question of xenophobia , but a question of distributing resources properly . 
  exactly . 
  i do n't see any way for portugal to benefiting from this . 
  do you feel superior now ? 
  i do n't need to remember you our problems . 
  the best one . 
  i always laugh with this shit . 
  i know three romanians and they are just the opposite of what latinos are . 
  what ? 
  0 '30 in a supermarket here . 
  we have a 16 % vat gap , which is not as bad in comparison to other countries , and considering how wide the black market is here . 
  i expected much more , tbh . 
  yep . 
  there was a report of the european comission where spain had a 16 % vat gap figure , which i found pretty reasonable comparing to other countries and the overall situation here . 
  lol, 
  depending on what do you consider quality of life . 
  there 's much less fear about being financially broke when some disaster happends , but you also earn a lot less than usa . 
  since i know a bunch of americans in europe , i allways told em to have income from the internet , by freelancing or whatever . 
  because the labour market in southern europe ... let 's say it 's not easy . 
  low paid and not many opportunities . 
  aside from that , everything else is quite cool . 
  life is more relaxed , services are nice , etc. 
  that 's exactly the point that i 'm defending since ... well , i do n't remember how long . 
  you made a smart decision . 
  portugal is a lovely place . 
  it just needs to improve a bit the economy , but that 's the only flaw i see there . 
  and speaking as spaniard ... well , we have too xd, 
  nooo man , welfare shopping is n't happening at all !, 
  / s you do n't want to be portrayed as a racist southerner , do you ? 
   turkish military did not shoot the pilots , it was the rebels on the syrian side . 
  turkey did not fire the pilots . 
  although they did with a missile , but hey , turkey did not fire the pilots , because they were n't on parachutes . 
  whatever man . 
  if you want to get in a catch22 it 's up to you . 
  it makes sense since my first comment was a reply to someone implying that turkey did n't want to kill the pilots . 
  so yes , it makes sense . 
  i 'm not saying that , because that 's a false dilemma . 
  i 'm saying that turkish f16 aimed to shot down the aircraft , where 's no possibility to decide if the pilot survive or not . 
  do n't flip the argument , i 'm not that naive . 
  turkey has very nice and polite missiles . 
  hey pilot , could you care to eject ? 
  i 'm going to destroy your plane , but only your plane . 
  i do n't want you to get hurt , so please , hurry up !, 
  thank you !, 
  it 's seems that the ak is really prominent in turkey . 
  is there any source for voter profiles ? 
  i does not load man : /, 
  i can hear from here the sound of hundreds of telephones calling turkey like wtf did u do turkey ? 
  are u mad bro ? 
  why u have to be mad , it 's only a game !, 
  no thank you . 
  i do n't want another conflict in my doorstep . 
  i had enough . 
  is there any map of erdogan 's support ? 
  are erdogan 's voters more likely to be from cities , countryside , eastern turkey ... ? 
  it is . 
  wtf . 
  i just expect that the russian plane was clearly violating turkish air space , otherwise ... well ... 
  i do n't know really what to expect . 
  bully baguette is wrong !, 
  i strongly demand germoney to stop this !, 
  do n't worry man , it 's just france :d / s, 
  we have to establish a basis for discussions here . 
  not to anthropologize countries , its stupid . 
  every country maneuvers aiming to strategic interests . 
  that 's what everyone is doing . 
  hold your horses man , if you accuse others of cynicism there 's shit for everyone here . 
  yep , it 's a facepalm . 
  my ideal response is a combination of a military , political and social intervention . 
  and i 'm actually belive that yes , the more developed , the easier to choose between secular ideologies . 
  just compare what was arab socialism with wahabism . 
  an i say `` was '' because we destroyed the only ( more or less ) successful ideology that could maintain that zone without everything exploding . 
  wahabism is not only daesh , with educated people fighting . 
  terrorism has a social basis , and it 's usually poor and uneducated . 
  americans tried ? 
  the zone was more or less stable with baaz controlling it . 
  i 'm sorry , it was n't targeted agains ' t you , but for this cheering on the bombing run in many comments . 
  so what . 
  this is just fucking stupid . 
  just launching a bombing run because we are angry . 
  no plan , no nothing . 
  come on . 
  i 'm sick of how stupid we are ( as europeans ) . 
  we first team up with muricans for fucking up the middle east . 
  once unstable , we open our borders to them with no control and fighting between us . 
  nobody talks of how this would lead to what exactly france is suffering now , future muslims on european soil with no future , the perfect profile for feeding salafist networks and providing the social ground for future terrorist networks in europe ( which is what 's happening now , but you know , that wo n't happen with the new immigrants because of unicorns and alice in the wonderland ) . 
  so we got another attack and our response is going to fuck a lot more the middle east . 
  how inteligent !, 
  and with bombing runs , which everybody knows that it just works wonderful without coordination and ground troops !, 
  what about making the fucking middle east an stable zone !!, 
  state infrastructures , education , and , you know , the kind of things that makes people choose secular ideas instead of falling into wahabism . 
  exactly . 
  they seem totally fanatic . 
  i saw many americans talking about data caps . 
  does it depend on the area or something ?
