  portugal , france and us did n't side with us , although other countries did . 
  the fact that france sided with morocco created a lot of distrust within the spanish military . 
  what wat . 
  yes , but immigration is not our only concern . 
  if germany wants to move , has to give up in its immigration policies . 
  without that , many voters will just understand that germany is trying to push immigration on them . 
  that wo n't work . 
  i hope so ... 
  it probably will be a mess , yes . 
  we are used to nato structures , that 's true . 
  about the comments , if would not make any political sense to let an european country face war without support . 
  and that , nowadays , is more important than military considerations . 
  ukraine was ( sadly ) left to themselves because there was no treaty between . 
  that 's total shit , but that 's how world works . 
  imagine estonia gets attacked by russians and the eu does nothing . 
  that would pretty much follow with the fall of the eu , maybe not immediately but that would destroy any trust between members . 
  imagine in what position would be poles and romanians , or how southern europe could trust anything with the shit we have in our frontiers . 
  so if there is any will to keep the eu ruling , there will be border surveillance , in or out nato . 
  i know , but that because we are using nato as umbrella , what would be the point of overlapping nato and eu over this mission . 
  we could perfectly do that using the eu treaty . 
  it 's in out interests to maintain eu borders . 
  i mean , i understand your fear but i think you can be confident in international support . 
  how so ? 
  are n't we sending troops to eastern europe ? 
  afaik spain has its air force there . 
  if france and germany push for eu army , the thing is how they will convince spain and italy to do so . 
  idk in italy but in spain the military and the government do n't really trust france that much . 
  specially the military , since what happend after perejil . 
  yep man , what a shock . 
  wtf does a pig standing there ? 
  is n't there a place with skiing resorts in serra da estrela ? 
  come on man , i 'm galician and 18 is totally cool . 
  go learn a proper latin language !, 
  madrid 's meter ? 
  love the translation . 
  anyway , that 's probably at night , going to clubs . 
  not usual even in this circumstances . 
  i promise you all that the state is still functioning . 
  i did n't see public employees fleeing nor laws not applying . 
  anyway policies are important , but what creates wealth is the private sector . 
  i love the hearth at the bottom . 
  i hope so . 
  i 'd will happily move there . 
  romanians will be digital entities in the next decade . 
  theyll abandon their physical presence to troll us on the internet talking their latin gibberish . 
  aham , and how exactly are we going to do it ? 
  the spanish state it 's on the edge , as it is the spanish miliary , keeping many units operative doing miracles with money , parts , etc. 
  politics is no policy . 
  well , religion and politics are really mixed in islam so that distinction can not be hold in this case . 
  ok , now it makes more sense . 
  i though that they 'd literally keep track of people for a research purpose , but what you mention seems more on the line of a national statistics agency . 
  how many generations is this list including ? 
  i 'm really impressed that they keep track of ancestry for statistics . 
  what is exactly the purpose ? 
  it is n't . 
  but the problem is that we do n't have huge capital flows over here , so it 's difficult to get funding for heavy investiments , if it is n't from the government . 
  typically that would be the job of large companies , idk in portugal but in spain this companies are very conservative in their investiments . 
  if anything , they move their money in south america . 
  yep , it 's a beautiful country !, 
  you need at least two consecutive elections , and every party trying their best to block the situation . 
  the dance moves at the beginning tho ... 
  hehehe noobs ... you ca n't even fail properly . 
  thx !, 
  the only sector growing in employment seems to be construction , so , have the precedents that we have ... 
  i do n't hate you man , do n't worry !, 
  how should i say ? 
  mmm , it was just a piece of metal . 
  not really something that you could realte to . 
  it had painting so i do n't think it was civil war era . 
  i wonder how many people in spain says they are christian but almost never prays or goes to church . 
  not enough . 
  well , closely related topics . 
   ot-64 they have more armoreds . 
  also bmrs if i remember correctly . 
  but they almost never use it . 
  i suppose they though in advance to black block or something like that . 
  i saw a documentary about that , it was pretty insane . 
  anyway , would n't it be better if cops just pushed back until swat or someone with proper weapons appeared ? 
  the fair price , today about brexit . 
  i remember when i was a kid , a friend of mine found a broken price of metal near the forest with cyrillic letters . 
  we though that was alien stuff . 
  yep , we were that stupid . 
  well , that seems plausible explanation . 
  well , it 's just the impression that i get from reddit , youtube and other sites . 
  i saw more than once mraps used in riots , for example . 
  it seems a bit excessive , but maybe people there is too violent , idk , i ca n't make a proper comparison about that . 
  i see it mostly in youtube , reddit and other sites . 
  i 'm aware of the bs surrounding american police ( i am being detained ? ), 
  but i also think that they are generally very trigger happy , and show and use and excessive force , given the statistics and , as i said , all the videos that i came across . 
  because it 's racism , it does n't need to be reverse nothing . 
  anyway i 'm a southern european . 
  i declare myself oppressed . 
  i 'm looking for partners to build a southern lives matter , if anyone agrees . 
  the plan is just bully everyone so we can pay the debts , and the very moment they feel bad about themselves i revive the [ army of flanders ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/army_of_flanders ) , and we can wipe out the entire fucking europe . 
  once achieved , just relax , everything will be fine . 
  but polish people are the problem !, 
  well , i 'm not an expert , but i see videos about us police with ars and armoreds quite often . 
  hehe everyone supposed another thing, 
  amazing, 
  we also have armoreds in spain , and i 'm sure that also other countries , but we use it just when it 's necessary , along with military-grade weaponry .
