  that 's the easiest wall , please . 
  private healthcare is cheap in spain . 
  i 'm sure they can afford it . 
  we will build a wall in the air , so your planes can not reach us . 
  and we will make you pay for it !, 
  i do every time . 
  seriously , it only takes you a bit . 
  well , it 's important . 
  it 's not only the taxes but how do you brand your country outside . 
  spain is not a brand of engineering or tech , yet we have important companies in those fields , which are the ones who are able to create high-profile jobs , instead of sending our graduates elsewhere . 
  i 've seen many initiatives aiming that , but nothing coordinated statewide . 
  the problem is that most of those smes are oriented to labor-intensive activities , such as tourism , restaurants , etc. 
  so there 's not much to improve . 
  billing systems and management is something cheap to get , and information is easily available . 
  so that 's what they get , since their service involves an employee providing it directly , most of the times . 
  you can not escalate it too much . 
  if the spanish economy is growing , it 's because exports and big businesses . 
  most of our engineering and technological businesses play very well in the international field , they deliver good results at reasonable prices , even with the lack of coordination with other spanish big companies , which will be the natural thing to do . 
  even navantia , despite the fuckups caused by the spanish navy , which damaged the brand of the company outside . 
  but that 's concentrated mostly in three fields . 
  car manufacturing , tourism and construction . 
  since we sold seat to germans , the only spanish businesses in that field are building parts , and most of them could be replaced if the production goes elsewhere . 
  it 's true that it could be worse , but it 's not the best situation either . 
  there 's no big problem with education in spain . 
  universities are cheap and the content of the degrees is on par with any other university in europe . 
  people sometimes complain about lectures , but in the end you learn the same . 
  sometimes even more , because of the influence of our old 5-year degree system , which made many teachers in the university very demanding on what you need to know to graduate properly , specially on stem fields ( this may vary by faculty ) . 
  the problem is that many graduates just go to other countries , since salaries are much higher and the knowledge you bring is sometimes better than other people that just graduated elsewhere . 
  there are not enough high-profile jobs for everyone , so salaries are mostly low compared to europe and rotation is mostly high . 
  the spanish education system has problems in primary education ( overpopulated , too much useless workload for teachers , and many other problems ) but specially in job training ( formaci\u00f3n profesional ) , which is in what germany excels and gives them so many good professionals without the need of going to university , in a shorter time . 
  our fp is a mess , the quality of the education varies a lot , some centers teach great , some others plain shit , and that could be within the same city . 
  it seems that local and central government do n't really pay too much attention to this , but imo it 's our biggest problem , because it forces many businesses to hire people with university degrees , which are going to be overqualified for their jobs , causing dissatisfaction thus low productivity ( this has been shown in a bunch of surveys , do n't remember now the names ) . 
  as in for the capital flows , i 'm not an economist but i 'd say that most investors in spain are big institutions , most of them not connected to industry or tech , and very conservative in their investments . 
  due to the isolationist position of the francoist regime , spanish industry had only internal competition until practically the 70s , so it came with many problems in the 80s , where an attempt was made to make an industrial reconversion that failed , destroying most of the productive industrial fabric , now concentrated in the basque country , catalonia , and a myriad of small clusters throughout the country . 
  we could discuss this in more depth , but let 's say that there is a conjunction of factors that have made the situation of the spanish economy not advancing that much . 
  there are always attempts to do things , but most of the times there 's not enough investment . 
  local investors do not risk , and foreign investors , because of the image we have sold of spain , like sun , beaches , tourism and so on , they do n't consider it seriously . 
  it 's a shame because if you look at all the companies that are created in spain related to technology ( not just the internet ) , medicine , etc , you will see that here what mainly fails is money . 
  it 's true , but that field is still competitive in terms of quality , if you step aside of the widely known smelly consultancy . 
  in spain , while big business or tech field are highly productive , the rest of the economy is basically smes with very low productivity and wages . 
  the actual narrative is to favour the smes because they `` create jobs '' , but they create very low quality jobs , which is not what we need . 
  there 's no strategy in place to push our big bussiness , make clusters , etc. 
  something that almost every other state does , in spain is mostly businesses in their own , which is cool but also a competitive disadvantage . 
  exactly . 
  it 's not a direct measurement , but rather asking people how much they think their country is corrupt . 
  i did n't see the survey , but i suppose that they are not asking directly this , but a bunch of questions to get a picture of what people think about it . 
  it 's a loose-loose situation . 
  if uk crumbles , then we will be hit in commercial flows and their conservatives will use that situation against the eu , pushing further the narrative about the eu being the institution behind their failures . 
  if not , maybe the commercial flows could remain stable , but they could join russia in the divide and conquer game . 
  thank you so much !, 
  ill try to look a bit about it . 
  does this also means that the south hemisphere is going to be warmer ? 
  so we get a cold weather because we do n't get warm water flows \u00bf, 
  can someone with knowledge of the field care to explain a bit further ? 
  yeah , it does n't make any sense . 
  greece is supossed to be balkan xd, 
  basque country similar to catalonia \u00bf ? \u00bf ? \u00bf ? 
  `` harvested '' did n't told you anything ? 
  basically every company ever . 
  seems interesting !, 
  thank you !, 
  is it difficult to learn russian for someone coming from a latin language ? 
  we told you !, 
  now it 's our turn . 
  i hope you enjoy brigades of old people complaining about the nhs !, 
  is n't it a bit complicated to say something that simple ? 
  i mean , it 's just a particular case or russian really needs to use more words for everything ? 
  hehehe sure ? 
  wan na buy greek debt ? 
  so basically in ee wealth is very densely concentrated around capitals ? 
  i did n't say that it was europe 's fault . 
  i 'm just not going to applaud , because uk is part of what we understand as europe , and now they will not be part of it . 
  this also means that people that i feel sympathy for , and people that i do n't know but they share the same values as me , will be punished by a decision they did n't push forward . 
  no , i am not happy . 
  i 'm really looking forward to this . 
  despite having low population , it would be the best experiment for really know what would happen with the basic income . 
  brilliant ? 
  idk dude , despite brexit i do n't really enjoy watching this situation . 
  yeah , that happened to me many times . 
  sometimes makes me angry . 
  it 's seems that people is so simple that if they do n't see something like a central institution that embodies a belief system ( like the catholic church is ) they can not picture the threat . 
  it 's so simplistic and stupid ... 
  they are important for a monitoring role but they do n't have enough military power to constitute a deterrent in that area , nor do swedes . 
  from my point of view , the problem is that no one is treating the muslim problem seriously , so the only ones with this narrative are the far right parties . 
  idk why so many people kid themselves with this topic , as if accepting muslims is a kind of badge for tolerance or enlightenment . 
  islam represents everything what we have been fighting against as europeans for many centuries . 
  it 's nonsense to fight the church to let them know their place and then just do nothing when everyone knows that muslim networks are establishing and expanding within europe . 
  it 's dangerous , and i think we are going to regret it . 
  what will we do when they create muslim parties with enough support to push their agenda in our parliaments . 
  will be still speaking about freedom and tolerance with people that will use that very freedom and tolerance against us . 
  it 's nonsense . 
  we rage against the far-right , while islam is even a greater threat to the core beliefs of the left , and everything we conquered during the enlightenment . 
  spain has experience in counter-terrorism intelligence and operations , and both the police and guardia civil are very good at it , but i really doubt our military can keep up . 
  in fact our entire military is begging for an entire re-design of it 's branches . 
  it 's not bad as for the equipment or training , but the logistics and the management seems sub-par for an european military . 
  in fact , there 's a growing number of people inside the military complaining about how things are done . 
  let 's be serious . 
  we do n't know what would happen with uk , spain could be there but wo n't be decisive , idk about italy but i suppose that they have at least enough power to constitute a deterrent , but anyway we are very far from the east . 
  imho france and germany are the only countries with enough know-how to play a lead role . 
  but it takes time to build it .
