  they also wiped out every christian in their area of influence . 
  that 's just an hypothesis . 
  and please , stop calling people idiots . 
  they do n't attack other muslims because of nato involvement . 
  please , let 's stop this nonsense . 
  islam provides a frame that facilitates the adoctrination and recruitement for this behavior . 
  iirc it was the ayatolah jomeini the first to realize this possibility , and exploit it for their cause . 
  so nothing happened here ? 
  we just move on ? 
  well , that 's just an hypothesis . 
  being a christian thing is probably also playing as factor . 
  man , immigration is a pretty central issue in europe right now . 
  can you explain how ? 
  because not being qualified is precisely what keeps you out of the labor market . 
  having low qualifications may be enough in china , with an extensive industrial sector where you need cheap workers for repetitive tasks . 
  low paid jobs in europe would require at least to speak the local language . 
  bartender , gardening , something like that . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  because i do n't see many people profiting for it , to be honest . 
  maybe someone who is idealist makes up his mind , but for everyone else ? 
  a pain in the ass for most establishment politicians , as it drives votes to the right . 
  most of them are uneducated , so not enough to drive wages down by surplus offer on employment . 
  who is profiting from this ? 
  and most important , how ? 
  i can see it outside the eu , but i 'm really failing to see any profit inside . 
  so basically , for the sake of fdi you are allowing a semi-fiscal paradise . 
  cool for you , not cool for other countries who see how multinationals use ireland in their `` taxes optimization scheme '' . 
  people is just begging for their upvotes . 
  everyone has it 's colonial past , it 's empire and so on . 
  it 's just nonsense to complain about that . 
  how many places do we conquered ? 
  will be people in the netherlands mad about me because i 'm spanish ? 
  i just do n't understand the kind of people who reminds you something about your country centuries ago , as if you have something to do with it . 
  so like a promotional video ?!, 
  nice !, 
  exactly . 
  man is like living for free . 
  just the amount of money you save ... 
  you are not alone boy . 
  just chill , relax , take a seat , a glass of wine and watch the spectacle . 
  so when the answers , belgian fries ? 
  certainly this subreddit is something very fresh . 
  it 's very difficult to engage in conversations with so many different backgrounds outside this sub . 
  i know some specialized forums but it 's rather different . 
  that makes sense . 
  in spain ( and most european countries ) , if you join the university , you take a full degree + optional subjects in the last two years . 
  which means that if you take sociology , you have to approve applied and advanced statistics , whether you like it or not . 
  later you can choose if you want communication theory or applied policy design and so on . 
  so it seems just the opposite . 
  they do n't let you choose until they consider that you studied the basics . 
  undeclared ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  this . 
  in theory fighting lobbysm sounds good . 
  in practice we may do it , but is rather difficult . 
  you ca n't compare the eu with the us in terms of `` everything feels temporary '' . 
  my family has two houses about 200 years old in a town that dates back to roman empire , and still has it 's walls . 
  it 's just an entirely different frame . 
  it 's normal . 
  they did n't walk the same history that we did . 
  if we argue about money , they still have larger disposable income , maybe with a few exceptions like norway , switzerland and two or three more that i may forgot . 
  i agree that the eu could have a great future , but oh boy the obstacles are huge . 
  really huge . 
  and we are politically weak and divided so being optimistic is a bit difficult . 
  i really ca n't agree with this us vs eu threads . 
  we both have different backgrounds , history , mindsets , goals , fears and so on . 
  even when a big part of our cultures overlap , we are still very different . 
  we just need to understand that . 
  and that the eu is not anything like a paradise . 
  aside for our internal problems , our borders are a fucking mess where everything explodes from time to time , so the existence of the eu is always threatened either from outside or inside . 
  the us is really lucky of having only mexico as a '' '' `` concern '' '' '' . 
  but they are still the first economic power in the world , and have retained enough talent to keep being the 1st for long time , even if they screw up . 
  we know what problems the us has but they have a very stable country even considering trump . 
  we ca n't say the same . 
  and we know that almost everyone in this subreddit could be doing x10 money in the us , assuming most of us are educated . 
  so ok , you are fucked up in the usa if you are poor or lower working class . 
  and if you have no tolerance for corruption maybe you get sick there ( maybe we could argue with some countries in eu ) , but that 's almost it . 
  it will also be used for water treatment , so it 's not only odor treatment . 
  look at this website : http://terraplasma.com/solutions/?lang=en, 
  that 's a good beginning for a sociology thesis . 
  what did u study ? 
  man , the eu has an stockpile of problems . 
  it 's not like we are cool and chill over here . 
  grass is always greener on the other side , as you americans say . 
  we are used to clusterfucks of politics , wars , pain and death . 
  so that maybe gave us some sense of keeping things balanced . 
  but that may be our only achievement because we are always walking from crisis to crisis , navigating a mess . 
  also , you are seeing the eu as a monolithic institution . 
  it 's not even a federation of nations yet , and you can clearly see the problems of different countries . 
  spain , for example , a young democracy , it 's making it 's firsts steps to fight broad corruption . 
  it 's also entering a new era of multy-party parliament ( which imo will benefit us ) but it 's not all granted . 
  look at romania . 
  they were starting to fight corruption back and now the good ol party came back elected by the people . 
  europe is so complex that it 's even difficult to keep track for us , europeans . 
  middle easterns and northern africans are actually more prone to commit crimes . 
  i can look for the report of the german interior ministry if you want it . 
  of course is just bs . 
  we have thousands of people studying our situation . 
  what about reading them instead of keeping on pushing this kind of bs . 
  fedea will be a good beginning .
