  if you even try to get down on the complexities , people downvotes and insults you . 
  it 's sad . 
  i think she 's still in charge because she has no one standing against her representing a better choice . 
  the migration crisis would have destroyed the president of any other country . 
  well , the only country to pose a threat is supposedly morocco . 
  it 's not because they are a real threat , it 's mostly because they do stupid things like this one https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/perejil_island_crisis here a bit of the actual situation : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/morocco%e2%80%93spain_relations and here about our colonial wars : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_spanish_colonial_wars_in_morocco afaik morocco is considered by the military to be a country that should not be trusted . 
  that there is not a high probability of conflict , but that is not unreasonable either . 
  tbh that would be cool , but spanish industry got shot so hard in the 80 's that we are too busy trying to recover our economy , specially after the housing bubble . 
  i mean , we have companies to cooperate with italian ones , and i have clients that do so ( i can not give names ofc ) but it 's not even comparable . 
  in addition , spanish investors seem specially risk averse , so as you can see we have a complicated situation . 
  edit : i 'm remembering that i did a brand study on spanish brands in europe and usa , and spanish companies had problems promoting themselves as spanish , except with food or `` traditional '' products . 
  customers associated spanish with less value when it was about technology or industrial stuff . 
  which was exactly what our clients were selling in those countries . 
  we do , basically because we earn much more for even less work . 
  i am resisting the idea of moving for a number of reasons , but i would be earning like x3 times more just in france . 
  i feel like the world is going to explode if i do n't go to work , while i 'm being paid just slightly above what i need to not just survive . 
  i 'm a bit tired of the spanish market tbh . 
  i like it . 
  i find it more simple than i imagined . 
  it is . 
  even galician , which has mostly a very open pronunciation causes them trouble to understand . 
  well , that poor petty criminals managed to have an impact in the spending budged of one of the biggest clients in my company . 
  like , they really steal a lot . 
  is that real ? 
  did n't know about it . 
  damn ... 
  tbh i 'm a bit busy to play with it now . 
  i was just curious about your reasoning process . 
  is n't qgis very unstable ? 
  that 's what i 've read . 
  i was looking for a free alternative to arcgis , do you recommend it ? 
  nope . 
  it 's totally real . 
  i live in galicia and we more or less talk about portugal sometimes , but i never had the same sensation in the rest of spain . 
  it 's a never ending cycle !, 
  i 'm one of them :d of course we relate with portugal in galicia , but it 's not the same in the rest of spain . 
  it 's a conspiracy !, 
  nah , for real , idk why it is this media silence about portugal . 
  it does n't make any sense . 
  bud , ok , i did n't want to be rude . 
  i just wanted to manifest this reality . 
  do you have any blog post about this ? 
  also , more of a curiosity , what tools did you use for the map and for the regression ? 
  i 'm sorry for portubros , but this is real . 
  most people in spain know nothing about portugal . 
  media almost never talks about them . 
  media in spain says almost nothing about portugal , so most spaniards only know the cliches / jokes of women with mustaches and towels . 
  heh , you better be concerned , or did you forget the history of your land ? 
  you are very naive , or you dream a lot . 
  for someone to dispute the political space of the pp has to present an alternative as a kind of national pnv . 
  in galicia , for example , if there were something like the pnv , it would win the elections clearly . 
  the monarchy is only a small part of the collective imaginary of the pp 's voters . 
  and i bet most of them , except for the more right-wing and elderly groups , do not care whether there 's a monarchy or not . 
  you are confusing your desires with reality . 
  yeah , is like catalonian industry never had the support of the central government , and never ever happened that they handed out law protections for their textile industry against other regions like galicia , collapsing its flax industry . 
  if spain loose catalonia , it wo n't get back , no matter if the block them or not . 
  you got it . 
  we need alternatives for conservatives in spain . 
  ciudadanos is playing the role for liberals ( despite they often look stupid ) and podemos for leftists . 
  oh , it 's all because it 's a female . 
  sharp observation . 
  sometimes i wonder why americans do n't import all this stuff they find so fascinating in europe . 
  they have the money . 
  they just have to replicate it . 
  this tone of always putting down usa is getting tiresome . 
  southern european lifestile is cool , but i 'm sure she 's not depending on an average croatian wage . 
  hahaha , i 'm with you dude . 
  it has nothing to do that i want to study other things isnt it ? 
  funny how people like you need to validate their beliefs using childish comments like this , because you did n't even make the effort to read my conclussions , but i suppose you are butthurt because what i wrote in the introduction . 
  here are my conclusions : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5kxjd9/are_refugees_andor_migrants_really_linked_to/dbrspv1/, 
   maybe leave out the pre 2015 data if you know it has to be wrong and the foreign law data can not be excluded . 
  eritrea rising from 117 to 1386 in 2 years is just stupid . 
  we can not know if that 's stupid or not . 
  maybe something happend that year and they detained lots of eritreans . 
  anyway , if you feel uncomfortable with it , just look at gross numbers , looking at all the pks reports it seemed consistent over the years . 
   little difference ? 
  with and without show completely difference results in ranking and absolute numbers . 
  in addition different trends are shown with foreign law and without . 
  with is dropping very hard , without is raising in particular in 2015 . 
  if you look at the correlations chart , it is n't changing that much . 
   i am also curious for he population link from eurostat since i could not find it . 
  you have to download the population by citizen . 
  it wo n't allow you to play with it properly in their online tool . 
  it was migr_pop1ctz . tsv iirc . 
  this is based on data from 2008 to 2015 . 
  i wo n't say it 's perfect because it 's not , but man , this is not statistics for a plastic bag from the grocery store . 
  having +100 or -100 suspects wo n't change anything . 
  i suppose it 's because i 'm assuming everyone knows what a pearson correlation is , or understands easily my chart . 
  next time i 'll try to make it easier to understand , but i did n't want to just explain what i found , rather to make people see the charts and let em draw the concussions . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  the pks data has it 's limitations . 
  i 'm sure it 's because they have problems excluding crimes against the foreigners law , but they do n't explain exactly why , so it 's the best i could do . 
  anyway , if you look at the correlations between variables for both scenarions ( with and without crimes against the foreigners law ) there is just a little difference . 
  nationalities change their order but the ones with high crimes rates are the same in both scenarios . 
  if you can get me the data in english i could try , but i 'm not very enthusiastic about this topic any more , to be honest . 
  i 'll give first an strict answer , and later i 'll explain it a bid . 
  you are on point in 1 , 2 and 3 . 
  i do n't like how is worded but we could say it 's true . 
  the points 4 and 5 are wrong . 
  the correlation is very weak .
