  i do n't want to start a flame , but this should be called xenophobia , not racism . 
  that gives me hope ... man being called fascist just like that is weird . 
  he `` just leave it there '' ya know . 
  i even have been called fascist in this thread . 
  maybe i need to remove my flag . 
  i 'll upvote you , because people here is so cunt that they ca n't handle different opinions . 
  man , you did n't really get it , right ? 
  anyway , you could ask yourself , since you downvoted me for having a different opinion . 
  that 's very sad of you . 
  but if we manage to make the eu something worthy , at least we have a vote . 
  we could have a common foreign policy etc. 
  i 'm not a fan of the eu but tbh i ca n't see any european country navigating the world by itself and succeeding . 
  man , countries are not `` nice '' or `` dicks '' , they act on a national interests basis . 
  you are `` anthropologizing '' a country . 
  that does not make any sense . 
  but what do you want then . 
  as nation states we are tiny powers between larger blocks , like usa and china or russia for example . 
  if we do n't make a real union our only future is to be irrelevant and at mercy of other global powers . 
  that 's even more contradictory for catalans or whoever wants to secede , but i really think that a federal eu is really the only realistic option in the long run . 
  there is an actual way to make catalonia independent within the law , but it requires to reform the constitution . 
  difficult but not impossible . 
  they prefer to separate based on a barely 50 % support instead , cos that 's going to be gud . 
  spanish fascists . 
  wow . 
  you got me , i have to keep my right arm in place , supress my fascist inner feelings . 
  jesus some people is brainwashed here . 
  wtf . 
  i am being detained ? 
  i did n't meant to fuck welsh , do n't worry . 
  madrid and barcelona . 
  the places where a decent salary is around 1500mo while a shit flat cost you 800mo . 
  the worst thing that you can do in your life is to intellectualize sex . 
  something that i 've saw many times in leftists . 
  imho sex has to be something animal and dirty . 
  hate italians ? 
  we understand each other quite good imho . 
  the only bad thing that i heard about italians is from spanish girls , saying that they push too much . 
  anyway they find italian accent sexy , so it balances out . 
  i 've done work with italians in my company , and i think they had a very good understanding on how to balance work with personal life , while being very professional . 
  the also done the same with fiat , so i 'm not so sure that 's because they are american . 
  you really do n't understand nothing , do you ? 
  we have a declining conservative government who is praying to have an external enemy to feed their narrative . 
  as for sanctions , we have sanctions every f * cking year and they pay with our tax money . 
  as if we did n't already paid a shitload of money . 
  you really are out of touch with reality . 
  then you could find something . 
  the tricky point for you is to find the perfect timing , not too early for saving buying prices , and not too late for having to invest in repairing the house . 
  those villages have mostly no one taking care of the houses etc. 
  i 've been looking for one atm but it 's still too expensive for me . 
  maybe in a decade ... 
  the problem with those villages is that they are usually very far from everything , and have only basic services . 
  water , electricity , telephone , maybe a shitty wimax internet if lucky , etc. 
  wtf , we joined in 82 , where did you get that info =, 
  exactly . 
  everyone is being spied nowadays . 
  it does n't matter if you are american or not . 
  it 's more like they did n't want to sink the boat . 
  i have the same opinion than you . 
  i would happily import poles to spain and give them free spanish lessons :d but sadly no one wants to come here because of our situation . 
  btw i totally agree with you , that would make much more sense . 
  that 's nothing compared to 20 % bro . 
  and netherlands seems a pretty good place to start a business . 
  well , at least your country is not fucked up by a 20 % unemployment . 
  lol fuck this . 
  the problem is not that we are more relaxed . 
  yes , we are more social and stuff , but we also like money and independence . 
  thinking that the most important variable here is that we like to be in our parent 's house is nonsense in my opinion , is the typical self-hate of spaniards , in contrast of seriously addressing the problem that everyone except a % of industrial and lucky long-contract workers is facing huge inestability . 
  most people could not have the conceptual tools to understand or even express why a country do behave that way , but in my opinion even low educated people can somehow guess that most pleople is driven by fear in this particular case . 
  for example , imagine that i had not my actual job or business . 
  i 'm a n average spanish young , 28 yo . 
  i did sociology , which is not particularly good in terms of employment , specially in spain ( everyone does mistakes lol ) , but you get a decent base of statistics and get use to think in a `` systemic manner '' . 
  so you finish the univ. 
  and you go back to live with your parents , basically because having no more student subsidies means that you need to work for paying a rent , but you only get shitty works who pay around 500-700 mo , which is not enough to live by yourself , specially considering that the most common thing is that the contract has a 3 month span , and you 'll find yourself another 3 months trying to find another job . 
  you have to pay the rent every month , but you have no income every month , and because of the low wages it 's impossible to save enough to cover the expenses when jobless . 
  given that unemployment benefits depend on your past wage , it wont get you anywhere . 
  so you think , `` well , maybe if i study more i can get better opportunities '' , so you specialize in stuff about data , online systems and bla bla bla , which is what i actually did . 
  you end up again in the job market , but now you are close to 30 , and have a similar problem . 
  you find `` better '' jobs , in a sense of having to do something that requires your skills , but with an extra of 200-300 $ / mo bracket . 
  that 's not much but you finally see the light ... except that 's also 3 o 6 months contract . 
  over and over again . 
  and that 's not taking into account not having life outside your job ( i remember a previous job doing from 9:00 to 21 or 22:00 for about ... 6 months i think , with 1 hour launch break ) because you want to do something with you life more than going to you office and home back and forth . 
  hanging with your friends or get to know gilrs . 
  spain ? 
  wtf ? 
  what 's an average it wage there ? 
  in spain is just the reverse . 
  prices went up a lot and wages did n't increase . 
  maybe if you calculate the average increase is not that high , but i remember perfectly that common purchases doubled or tripled their price . 
  i 'm not kidding . 
  most businesses did a 100 pesetas = 1 $ when 1 $ was actually 166 pesetas . 
  i do n't remember the exact figures but is n't there a problem with loads of immigrants coming to your country , and your government couldnt handle the amount ? 
  afaik that 's why they have been asking for help on the eu and frontex . 
  i also remember interviews with people very angry about the immigrants behavior , specially when the first refugee waves . 
  i 'm not denying that , i 'm just saying that generalizing about `` multiculturalism '' and `` immigration '' does not help , because there are cultures more compatible than others , and immigrants that can have a positive outcome for your country . 
  that 's why i do n't understand the brit rage against poles , when most of them are hard working and have very low cultural friction , afaik, 
  we have . 
  i 'm not in contact with them , so i ca n't tell . 
  i have family in ibiza and i know they have a hate-love relationship with brits , but most of them are tourists . 
  no we do n't . 
  it 's not `` diversity '' , it 's `` immigration '' , and not every immigration .
