  it 's pretty common to have different needs from monetary policy , for example , and we lost control over it . 
  and i 'm even against the governments playing with it , but if i had to choose between that and the eu i really do n't think that would be much difference . 
  that 's your go-to link : http://www.idealista.com/informes-precio-vivienda, 
  well , we had a really hard housing bubble here . 
  it also means wives in spanish . 
  it has multiple meanings . 
  for me it 's more the progressive bullshit of the myth of the noble savage , which they are actually using without knowing it . 
  most people thinks siria was a some kind of very very poor country . 
  like when you read a book about colonialism in africa . 
  it 's so fucking stupid that i 'm usually speechless . 
  i am a leftist myself . 
  and really a progressive in the most academic sense of the term , but i just ca n't deal with the childish and very common bullshit of most leftist people that i know . 
  i have this love-hate relationship with the european left just because i refuse to believe in myths and wishful thinking . 
  i really do n't know what people expects to happen when refugees come . 
  but people got mad when i suggested that we could n't provide them a decent living since our labour market is just shit , and they are not just poor people that you can feed with biscuits like animals . 
  i 'm really angry about this topic , because now i became some kind of bad person just for trying to analyze the situation . 
  well , seems that proper infrastructure it 's not enough . 
  in sociology we call it `` social desirability '' . 
  that also happens when you ask in a survey controversial questions . 
  what do you really expect from europe ? 
  i mean , do you really expect from the ue to solve this problem after messing in the middle east ? 
  the refugee crisis is something more related with political marketing in my opinion , nothing to do with solving the real problem . 
  if you where in position to make decisions , what would you do ? 
   and these people are mainly upper-class , highly corrupted people is that true ? 
  how do you know it ? 
  so maybe you understand the problem they will face . 
  it would be a huge dissapointment to see that we do not tie dogs with sausages (  spaniards ) and everything . 
  most sirians will be in refugee camps for years , and that seems far from their expectations . 
  come to spain and have fun , youll have many things to complain . 
  every person i know is playing the media thing . 
  that hungarian fascists , did you see them ? 
  putting refugees in concentration camps , like nazis . 
  that 's how idiot we became . 
  and you ca n't say anything because media feeds them with wishful thinking and childs crying . 
  it was clear even to me , not fluent in english , so maybe you wanted to read something that clearly isnt . 
  wave your hand and say hello !, 
  tbh in galicia many money that came with eu funds ended in nonsense constructions or helped , but was not really necessary . 
  i mean , eu transferences were good , but due curruption and the way politicians manage money here , it had a little impact in my opinion . 
  when spain is not in economic trouble , which is rare , we usually get southern american migrants , and when things get fucked up again , they return to their countries . 
  it wo n't be true in spain . 
  our only option is to give them benefits . 
  that would be instantly creating a contrast with our long term unemployed citizens ( around 12 % ) , where many of them lost their unemployment benefits . 
  everything got more expensive within a year or two . 
  we also lost industry . 
  i can travel around europe easier , but i did n't notice much improvement . 
  once in a while the eu slaps in the ass my government , which is good . 
  it 's lot easier to make business across europe but for the everyday life nothing really improved . 
  look , we better stop this intervention shit . 
  we have been dealing with migrants for decades and i really do n't want to see more people desesperatly crossing our borders or dying in the mediterranean . 
  that 's enough . 
  let them deal with their own shit . 
  they did n't open borders , they are forced by agreements to take them . 
  when the spanish government tried to send back inmigrants everyone blamed them , and the eu came as the father who warns you about bad behavior . 
  so what the eu really want us is to keep them here , but not letting them go north , so we mantain our `` tolerant '' narrative but they do n't have to deal with the problem . 
  once in a while they sent us money to shut the fuck up . 
  thank you for the effort , but i was asking for the full report . 
  which is this one , if someone whants to check it out : http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/resources/documents/common/publications/studies/vat_gap2013.pdf, 
  link to source , please ? 
  you are a nazi just by saying it . 
  now i 'm keeping track of you with a drone , fucking nazi . 
   paris , was a warm city where helicopters were hovering above it and spraying high-quality perfume all over the place . 
  that 's wishful thinking man . 
  the most dedicated countries on integration are still having serious problems , and if you look for polls on pew research , wzb etc it seems that muslims in europe are still thinking about sharia en the whole thing . 
  so maybe we have to face that reality . 
  i know that it 's scary to feed the far-right discourse but , what else we can do ? 
  are we just going to pretend that nothing is happening about that ? 
  we failed integrating them , but is allways our fault ? 
  lol , pray for not having to deal with same amount of migrants than greece . 
  seriously , you might be kidding . 
  in spain , a way of detecting corruption is just looking for old politicians managing something in private sector . 
  you can bet that there 's something going on there . 
  as it was in my last job . 
  and i can tell you that many foreign companies seem happy with it . 
  man , i work in spain , with spanish companies , with the spanish government , etc. 
  so yes , we have corruption , and i think maybe i have a little experience of how really it operates here , but you statement is really absurd . 
  \u00bf do you really think that we talk about personal rewards openly on meetings and the office ? 
  i mean , do you really have that image ? 
  are fucking kidding me ? 
  i 'm so sorry about your feelings but in fact most of our corporate clients are outside spain . 
  we had some difficult meetings with many others , but i never saw any client suggesting anything like that . 
  now , when it 's not just a southern problem we are in a hurry . 
  yep , did n't expect that . 
  i have personal experience of a german company representant entering my office and asking us in private what kind of gifts do we wanted , in exchange of relaxing our standards . 
  no , we did n't suggest that kind of treat in previous meetings . 
  we lost them as clients . 
  guess why . 
  the way that politicians avoid ghettos here is by scattering gypsies in the city ( or any other minority who previously formed a ghetto ) . 
  i do n't need to tell you how well it worked . 
  that 's cool for you , but we ca n't even provide labour for our citizens , we are just putting them in camps or inmmigration centers and feeding them because we have no other thing we can do . 
  i 'd be glad to get them a job and therefore collect taxes but that 's a bit platonic right now . 
  it 's easy to talk when you do n't deal with +20 % unemployment and fucked economy . 
  anyway i want to see your opinion when you start to see ghettos and far-right raising in surveys . 
  good luck . 
  there 's the same problem in southern europe , with unemployment and fucked economy in addition , but we are bad people for not wanting them to come in thousands and put them in refugee camps as the eu wants to . 
  well , you did n't have a chance . 
  this . 
  wow , they really need to restore it . 
  i know that feel bro . 
  is there training needed ? 
  i mean , i 've seen many combat footages and the professional soldiers look , well , professional .
