  anyway , that sounds pretty much like our housing bubble . 
  i do n't follow your market but be aware bro , just in case . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  german prices seems too good for me . 
  did you try to find a flat en barcelona , madrid , valencia , etc ? 
  it 's insane . 
  think that an average salary is about ~ 1000 $ / mo nowadays . 
  our times of * european salaries * have passed away . 
  i travelled to hamburg two times because of my job , and i was very surprising to find that was cheaper than barcelona . 
  i 'm living now in a medium-sized city wich is cheap according to spanish standards and the rent of my flat is 500 $ / mo for 76m \u00b2 , and i 'm sharing it because that would be 1/2 of my salary . 
  spaniard here . 
  i just lol 'd with this thread . 
  im working and studing at the same time . 
  i ca n't afford any house , and a * cheap * rent will get 50 % of my wage off . 
  i find it unacceptable so im sharing a flat now . 
  it 's about 250 $ / mo in a middle sized city . 
  the prices are still lowering since the housing bubble , but with our new wave of salaries and the extreme volatility of any job will be very difficult to afford one . 
  as an student of sociology , i 'm against that . 
  i find that southern europe is always in a different economic cycle , and because of that we need economic measures that will always be against northern interests . 
  and it 's not just about the cycle , its also about the economic structure . 
  losing economic sovereignty has become a pain in spain . 
  although in the past we have received many transfers from the european union , the quota imposed on the production of many products and our industry , and lack of control over monetary policy are doing so much damage here . 
  yes , even with our stupid government . 
  spain is a very diverse country in terms of weather , heritage , traditions and so on , and i find many foreigners surprised when they come , so the i suppose that the always-sunny-with-fiesta-flamenco-and-siesta stereotype of spain is still mainstream out there . 
  galicia ( where i 'm living now ) is mainly cold and rainy , and i ca n't remember any arabic heritage here , almost everything has celtic or roman origin , besides the medieval castles and stuff , for example . 
  well developed here in northern spain too . 
  what we need is to be able to make economic decisions about our monetary policies and avoid eu quotas wich are destroying our industry , not charity . 
  \u00bf terrorists ? 
  \u00bf russians ? 
  yeah they seem very russian in that video . 
  that could be a good explanation . 
  lol, 
  nope . 
  i 'm talking about young innovators running it industries with private capital . 
  i suppose that it 's a about scale . 
  so many people = more chance to build this kind of things . 
  even military public-private consortiums are on the top of military innovation . 
  i do n't see any russian begging money on crowdfunding platforms like some spanish scientifics are starting to do , wich is depressing . 
  you coul be surprised of what our politicians are . 
  that doe n't make much sense for me since russia is very innovative on the it field , even with lots of corruption and bureaucracy . 
  well , that 's true , but tapas will not feed us . 
  the scientific community is now on fire here in spain , but even in the best times of public investiment the private sector is not doing much for solving this situation . 
  in fact in my job , wich is probably one of the largest it companies in europe , they dropped the budget on i+d to insignificant levels , wich is nonsense for our bussines ... but , you know ... 
  at least you do n't have 26 % of unemployment like us . 
  didnt find the 1906 version , but u have the normal one here : http://www.spanishtablewines.com/products/estrella-galicia-%286%252dpack%29%252d--spanish-beer.html, 
  siesta is actually not that common . 
  at least not in north spain . 
  there 's also the galician version , wich i suppose that is similar to the portuguese one . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aaadgyvyi7s&amp;noredirect=1 the oldest version : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rw0zz2pqmtc, 
  the cis ( http://www.cis.es/cis/opencms/es/index.html ) and many other official fonts confirms that . 
  im too lazy to find now the stats but i read a report like two or three months ago . 
  im employee and i also have an internet business . 
  i moved all my effort to us & european market . 
  guess why . 
  i have no relationship with them , i sent this url just because i saw many debates here about spain , and i think that this blog is a good reference . 
  the article is in spanish , but u can see the statistics in english anyway . 
  best : my work , food in my region ( galicia ) , realative good services like healthcare , university , etc. 
  worst : spanish crisis with lot of unemployment ( many people that i know lost their job ) , corruption in financial and political institutions , etc. 
  well , it 's really a bunch os societies under telef\u00f3nica de espa\u00f1a s.a. 
  telef\u00f3nica owns a lot of companies outside spain , and europe . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  just use google translator . 
  wtf !, 
  that 's also religion , besides that 's just a discourse . 
  yep . 
  i found it stupid , but that 's the society we are leaning to . 
  do n't be offended . 
  that 's your right . 
  complain about other 's opinions . 
   a lot of devellopement money from the eu . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  oh god , what a fucktard you are . 
  you have no fucking idea of what you are talking about , you could at least educate yourself a bit , and stop pretending to teach people , who clearly knows about the situation , about their own country . 
  and you talk a lot about racism and shit , i 've been in eastern europe recently and i found pretty much the same people than the rest of europe , just poorer . 
  in my opinion the most angry with this are eastern europeans . 
  and they may be right about it . 
  is that a trend or something ? 
  i mean , there is a clear difference on how german intellectuals write compared to others . 
  i get their ideas but it takes too long to get a clear scheme . 
  i do n't thinks that it 's just because they write bad , but something that they want to . 
  that could be an strategy . 
  or doing something with the media , like financing their media to show them that there 's no free money here . 
  but that will never happen , and you know it . 
  we rather die to drop this fake intellectual superiority . 
  the problem with german intellectuals is that they tend to write very bad . 
  very dense , idk . 
  i 'm having a bad time reading ulrich beck , as i had with other german authors . 
  we have enough problems with northern africa border , you know . 
  like people trying to cross wired fences very often . 
  it wouid be funny to see a bus passing by , full of refugees , with that music loud inside . 
   derp stared me and said that sweden has a responsibility to save lives . 
  swedes lost their minds . 
  we even have an empty airport just for them , in case they want to come , or just play paper planes . 
  bad swedes , send them down to spain , we 're going to take care of them properly . 
  sun , girls , beers , and a blowjob every morning . 
  a spanish police officer told me just the same a month ago , but he said that they ca n't speak it openly for political reasons , but he seemed very worried about this issue . 
  well , it was n't really about refugees but muslim pop . 
  in spain . 
  he told me that saudi arabia has it 's hands on this . 
  spain and italy are not only culturally different , but economically structured .
