  there 's some debate in the academia about how the gdp is actually calculated and that it may wrong , thus the gdp growth . 
  it also seems that we are unable to control deficit . 
  too much unemployment for having about 38 % of our spending budget going to pay retirement pensions , which will probably increase due to our population pyramid and our poor fertility rates . 
  we ca n't fix it with immigration because our private sector ca n't even assimilate our own population in working age . 
  our private sector moved strongly towards exports , but although we have lots of high added value products , we exported a lot of price-based products , so we lost a big chunk of the commodities industry and our primary sector is really struggling . 
  since we do n't have control of our monetary policy , well , internal devaluation and harsh conditions for everyone with products based on price . 
  so i hope that , if it happens , we do n't drag the eu with us . 
  more info : http://archive-old.theoslotimes.com/spanish-sailors-who-worked-in-norway-to-approach-ilo-for-right-to-pension/ an interview : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvlrkbkrwug, 
  lol , you did n't look at spain , did you ? 
  that 's a rough trait . 
  idk why so many people keeps researching here , they are very mistreated . 
   they deserve to have federal funds cut totally balanced point of view . 
  lold that 's what i thought !, 
  / u/foriamtalonii ill be totally honest with you . 
  we do n't like religion , we only consent the actual state of the catholic church because they are mostly non-influential anymore . 
  people can talk about christian historical background because we are used to the church as it is today . 
  it 's not about who you are as individual , because in the grand scheme of things individuals do not matter and can not be taken into account . 
  so if you are a muslim and feel that there 's a enough large proportion of muslims going towards confrontation in europe ( simply because sharing ideas and practices that most europeans find unnaceptable ) then it wo n't be easy for you here . 
  we say in varietate concordia and all that , but we have to remember what europe is . 
  the actual * pax europea * it 's just an illusion , the fruit of realizing that killing ourselves time after time did n't achieve anything . 
  and i do n't have to tell you how fragile is this , you are living it . 
  afaik personality it 's a `` flow '' not a `` stock '' , so even big 5 has problems predicting behavior . 
  i 'm not a psychologist ( but a sociologist ) so maybe you can teach me more . 
  beautiful , how did you do the map and the seats graph ? 
  sure , i believe you have huge insight from inside of the intelligence community for such statements . 
  come on dude . 
  hamburger gelatto . 
  i had enough internet for today . 
  man , they have no life . 
  i feel sorry for them . 
  wtf, 
  more people per capita ? 
  wtf ? 
  nonsense, 
  i 'd help any dane if i spot any one in spain . 
  i understand that , i 'm not blind to the corrupt government , but having a war going on does not help at all for fixing a country , and does not change the fact that russia is actively supporting a conflict in europe . 
  i just do n't like wars , no matter who they interfere . 
  they should sit and do nothing while being shoot . 
  lol, 
   i also love how they always place a big liechtenstein just to show that there 's no data for it . 
  lol did n't notice !, 
  this article is laughable , specially coming from cia . 
  europe is on the edge and now we are supposed to rescue whatever they say . 
  i 'm sorry for the americans but they should anticipated it when the democrat party came with their stupid tactics to put down bernie sanders ( because , i presume , they did n't like him ) and after all the mess they created in the middle east . 
  and , by the way , we are eating up part of the costs , so even when the eu seems pretty stupid many times i think this is too much asking . 
  well , but that 's something you drink partying , not in a meeting . 
  it 's not that we have anything inherently against turkish people . 
  is that we do n't trust your government , it introduces an element of instability , which is not exactly what we need . 
  also , turkey is huge so it would change the balance of power . 
  if turkey was more secular and democratic it could be much more close but there 's a problem there . 
  so it 's not in a personal level . 
  pffft , are you sure nothing can be done ? 
  cool , but how do you plan to earn money ? 
  you forget timing . 
  timing is important , and newcomers will not be firstcomers now , so they either are very very attractive for the user , or they do n't stand a chance . 
  well , is there any european alternative to google , specially in searches ? 
  because google is the real player here . 
  given who they have in power in catalonia , a better behavior is not to be expected , albeit they know better how to control and push narratives . 
  it 's basically the same shit , even when some people could argue that pp is in a whole different level , i do n't see it that different of the traditional catalan power . 
  probably pp and psoe, 
  man , it 's illegal to do a referendum under the actual constitution . 
  since there 's no majority pushing for a constitution reform , it wo n't happen . 
  and i am so sorry for the catalans , but i really fear the day the open up this possibility because with the current political climate , the reform could lead us to something really nasty . 
  in exchange for allowing a referendum they would make something bad , i 'm sure . 
  so better hold it for other moment where the spanish politicians get used to play with no majorities , albeit i know it is n't in favor of current catalan interests . 
  it seems so , but i do n't really feel any change , to be honest . 
  yep , fixed , thx . 
  well , they are really devoted now , no reason to go back . 
  how is this possible given the current media narrative ? 
  edit : i did n't read it correctly . 
  idk , i pay around 200 $ / month in food , that 's not much considering that i buy mostly local & fresh stuff , i really like to eat nice :d , specially vegetables , meat , fish , etc. 
  i 'd say a normal amount might be 120 $ / mo/person ( in galicia ) , maybe more expensive in madrid or barcelona . 
  so it 's about ~ 17 % for most people . 
  i bet it 's possible to calculate ir accurately . 
  it would be better to have it relative to median income . 
  nowadays having a job does not guarantee you not being poor , sadly . 
  there 's a middle ground between open borders and closed ones , you are overreacting . 
  most people here is for controlled borders , which is what actually make sense . 
  we know integration only happens with low streams of immigrants over a long period of time ( not getting into details ) , which is what we should aim to if we do n't want to have the same problem as france has , but everywhere in europe . 
  also than gripen ng ? 
  too much motivational music . 
  well , now you have an alternative , the saab gripen ng , although you 'll had to retrain people , that 's true . 
  it 's not because they are from the uk . 
  we do have the same all over spain , but not that many people in the same place . 
  scattered idiots are easier to manage . 
  plus prices skyrocket during summer in ibiza , so the officers wo n't earn any money , just spend their entire salary on living . 
  keep in mind that they have to pay their flat wherever they live + their entire stay in ibiza , so supplement of $ 300 will not save their month . 
  the problem is basically that national police and guardia civil do n't get paid enough for ibiza . 
  local police does , but they ... well , let 's just say that local police has a bad reputation almost everywhere . 
  i think that dealing with this shit is a job for local police , idk why they have to involve the other ones . 
  well , i know , i just find it inappropriate . 
  well , i 'm also a consultant so i understand how it works , but i was specifically talking about how some investors perceive the `` spanish brand '' , and although i 'm not an expert in this subject , i bet they do n't influence the investor 's perception of spain , because from what i 've read , investors on startups or `` new businesses '' are in a different sphere to corporate ones . 
  well , but i think you understand what i mean . 
  people will hear of them sometimes on the news , but there 's no visibility compared to siemens , for example . 
  they are selling expertise , which is not for mass consumption . 
  but you are speaking about consultancy . 
  i 'm speaking more about branded products , like siemens , alstom , 3m , talgo , etc. 
  do you have any source ? 
  i find it hard to believe tbh . 
  what about germany , france or the us ?
