  only 50 % more than milk ? 
  the would make petrol roughly 0,80 $ here . 
  give , please !, 
  well , roughly . 
  i think ij sounds more like `` ay '' and ui sounds more like `` e\u00f6 '' . 
  but i 'm a vieze buitenlander as well to them , so it 's not like i can lecture about correct pronunciation . 
  that sawp was a little hard for me to learn in english actually , because german also has a oo which sounds a lot more like the dutch oo than the english one ( english sounds more like uh ) . 
  and oe is a strange construction but we have nothing to compare it to in german besides a few words in northern german , where it 's pronounced one letter at a time ( itzehoe = `` itze-ho-e '' ) . 
  well , the reason this happened , in my completely non-educated mind , is because germany is fairly large and has been an economic entity ( if not a country ) for centuries . 
  a standard way of communicating was developed , and knowing the pan-germanic language meant you were well-off , as you had to communicate with faraway peoples rather than just the people at the market in your town . 
  the uk has the opposite phenomenon ( disclaimer : this is all from what i understand , i 'm neither a linguist nor british ) because of the school system . 
  people placed less of on emphasis on received pronunciation than germans did on hochdeutsch , and by the time public schools became widespread they all switched to rp while more pompous private schools retained regional dialects . 
  so basically , having a regional accent in germany means you only ever communicate with people from your immediate vicinity and are therefore unlearned , and having one in the uk means you went to a private school and are therefore learned . 
  not strange . 
  i think you 're the only ones who swear with deseases though , and to me it sounds so funny and non-vulgar that even when i hear kanker in a sense such as this , i have to smile . 
  my dialect has the same g , most german dialects have a similar r ( and in certain cases the r in dutch sounds downright british to my ears ) , and we also have a very similar sound to eu but we write it \u00f6 . 
  other hard sounds for foreigners are ij and ui . 
  that is correct . 
  however , some german dialects have a dutch-style g as well . 
  ( mine included . ), 
  well , germans have it too , we just write it differently , and do n't use it as frequently . 
  well , that might be the difference : not all germans seem to learn high german in school , many of the teachers have their respective regional dialect . 
  i agree with you about the rudeness though . 
  we had a good laugh after we spoke english about the fact that two germans switched to english . 
  it does n't happen frequenty , i did n't mean to give the impression . 
  it also applies to dutch people . 
  it feels strange to me , when we do n't understand each other , to switch to a language like english when our two languages are so similar . 
  but it 's more socially acceptable , i guess only because it 's officially two different languages . 
  well , we both had high german accents in english because that 's how we learned it , and could both speak it fluently . 
  however , we eventually switched back to german , albeit slowly and deliberately . 
  you 've never had a case where you visited germany and had a hard time understanding us ? 
  chances are , these people speak english as well as you . 
  i 've picked up the basic stuff the normal way , with online programs , spending time in dutch company , and so on . 
  while travelling , i 've paid attention to my accent enough that people do n't always switch ( my grammar is a different story but they usually think it 's cute ) . 
  but if you are persistent with speaking dutch they often stay with dutch . 
  i imagine the accent might have an effect too , i have a german accent which fewer of them speak than english . 
  it also helps when you have a few dutch friends who speak dutch with you . 
  not only is it a reliable source of practise , but it also makes other dutchies feel a little weird if they speak english to you while a fellow dutchie is speaking dutch . 
  it does sound pretty different to me , although hard to understand . 
  i 've had conversations with bavarians in english because our accents were too thick . 
  i 'm thoroughly surprised myself !, 
  well , the language , not the country , is what people seem to hate . 
  but how a german could even hate the language , i do n't know . 
  it 's too cute . 
  most likely the ggggg . 
  but just look at the other answers here , there is already a fair amount of dislike for dutch . 
  it really kind of does . 
  a drunk , cutified , child version of german . 
  well , if you find the one you 're talking about i would n't mind seeing it . 
  this one ? 
  most certainly dutch . 
  i know a lot of people hate it , but to me ( and many other german-speakers ) it sounds extremely cute and adorable . 
  i even went so far as to learn it . 
   swiss people actually knowingly eat horse meat . 
  fixed . 
  this is absolute shit . 
  sperm donors need to remain sperm donors . 
  just a week or so ago i saw a link here on reddit about a lesbian couple who decided to sue a sperm donor for child support . 
  if the legal system starts dismantling the rights of both sides , namely the right of the mother to raise the kid as she sees fit , and the right of the father to wash his hands clean of the kid , * as was agreed upon before anything happened at all , and as necessitated by the name `` sperm donor '' * , we 'll be taking away a huge tool for couples that ca n't conceive normally . 
  there should be legal * protections * , not this . 
  goes without saying of course . 
  reminds me vaguely of this . 
  well , i know that is how the system works , but i think that if you sign a contract as a consumer and you do n't get the promised product you should not have to pay , without it necessarily going to court . 
  as a business owner i also know the problems that this can bring , so i do want companies to be able to demand money after proving that the service was brought . 
  but i do n't think it would be right to simply not do the service i promised to do , and still expect payment . 
  even if it is due to factors outside my control , which does happen sometimes . 
  i think that a reimbursement should be necessary even if it 's not considered an essential item . 
  if i make a contract where i pay x $ per month and receive y service , when the provider does not fulfill their side of the obligation by providing the agreed upon service , i do n't think i should have to fulfill my side either . 
  this applies to any kind of payment or subscription , even if it 's a subscription for a magazine , totally unessential . 
  i expected to get the magazine , and did not . 
  so why should i pay ? 
  i agree with you in theory but i think the quotes around the allegation convey that well enough . 
  yes , most certainly . 
  [ i covered it here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/15ylyg/what_stereotypes_do_people_from_your_country/c7r78xv ) :  so just always stay as far right as you can, 
  i think almost all drivers do that when there 's no space in a lane to the left of them . 
  i know i do , i slow down so that i 'll be shortly behind the car in front of me exactly as the car passes me , then i switch lanes , give a little gas , and switch back . 
  at night i am in the right lane 90 % of the time , during the day it 's the middle lane . 
  and if someone is coming up on me in the middle while i have enough space on the right to let them pass me , rather than forcing them to the left , of course i do it . 
  yeah , i agree especially with the last one . 
  they 're considered germanised slavs by many . 
  you pass them in the middle lane , when there is space for you to go there ( that is , glance in the mirror and if someone is coming up quickly and also being passed in the left , let off the gas and wait a moment , if they have space to move over put on your blinker for advanced notice ) . 
  you can also drive slower if you choose , trucks here go around 90 km/h as i 'm sure they do in the netherlands too , so anything above their speed is fine . 
  it would then simply be less than what is common . 
  around 130 km/h in the right lane or 145 km/h in the middle lane would be typical . 
  traffic differs day to day and area to area though , and so just always stay as far right as you can . 
  god help you if you are driving in the left lane not looking in your mirrors . 
  yeah , we are fairly avid tourists , i know . 
  ( we just stay in hotels , that 's the difference , hohoho . ), 
  well , it 's a stereotype . 
  slow is more specific . 
  but yes , belgians are orders of magnitude worse than you , from experience . 
  they just crash into stuff and pretend it never happened . 
  but with those roads , who can blame them ? 
  was considering mentioning the beaches . 
  you enjoying the diggers ? 
  i 'll do my neighbours ( and yes , these are mostly negative stereotypes , the ones i think are fun ) . 
  denmark : kind of like bland germans trying to be nordic and being moderately successful at it . 
  poland : thieves . 
  destitute thieves . 
  czechia : moderately poor slavs with cool architecture .
