  i 'm curious . 
  in germany you can get a chequeing account for free . 
  not from all banks , of course , but online banks do n't require a monthly deposit or anything . 
  online banks meaning real banks like commerzbank , except they do n't let you use branches . 
  this saves them enough money that they can offer the account for free . 
  comdirect , for example , is the online version of commerzbank , and they allow non-germans living outside of germany to open a bank account . 
  [ here is a form for those living outside of germany . 
  ] ( https://www.comdirect.de/pbl/member/formcenter/download/gketgpgf_giro_tagesgeldplus_gebfremd_einzel_bk_ob.pdf?redirected=627199&amp;epdfinstance=154863&amp;epageid=cori6586&amp;pdf=&amp;name=&amp;combined=true ) [ i got it from this page . 
  ] ( https://www.comdirect.de/cms/service-kontakt-formulare.html?toggle4508=open ) you can also check out other online accounts , or if you prefer a `` real '' account , which is mind you no more secure than a reputable online account , you can just use their branch services , it will cost between 5 $ and 10 $ per month . 
  i also want to note : it probably makes the most sense to open an account in whatever country you spend the most time in . 
  if you spend a lot of time in france but not germany , for example , i 'd research french options first . 
  almost exactly the same in germany , except that i find `` mittag '' is a bit longer in either direction . 
  perhaps from 11.00-13 .30 , and night starts more like 21.00 . 
   it 's now abundantly clear that austerity is failing . 
  only for those who never tried it in earnest . 
  funny how that works . 
  would there be a problem with using a causeway ? 
  it seems like there would not be that much marine traffic there , and even if there were it 's easy to build a taller bridge or a tunnel on one side to allow ships to pass easily . 
  i actually was only talking about the directness . 
  i keep hearing that the dutch are just as rude as us , but i ca n't see it . 
  i only see directness , which i take as the opposite of rude . 
  that 's because both of you are dutch and suffer from the same level of `` rudeness '' . 
  www.swoodoo.de has always found me quite cheap prices . 
  you can also search for the cheapest price in a whole month . 
  it was better than yours . 
  well , the times saw fit to say `` last ever speaker of livonian '' . 
  the part about whether or not the language is dead is not being criticised , it 's that it is being implied that she was the last ever speaker , not the last ever native speaker . 
  you could classify it as a sprachbund . 
  the dutch culture is also quite similar , although many germans and dutch alike deny it for some reason . 
  i think you are right . 
  i do n't disagree about the closer ancestor between dutch and english in the slightest . 
  and yes , dutch is definitively closer to english than high german is to english . 
  all i can add to this discussion is my own experience in learning ( modern ) dutch , which i did long after being fluent and comfortable in both english and german , and that is that my german skills were used significantly more than my english skills . 
  ok , i 'm actually talking about the modern languages of english ( rp ) , dutch ( abn ) , and german ( hochdeutsch ) . 
  i 'll never disagree that in the past english and dutch were closer than dutch and high german . 
  i mean , even the term `` anglo-saxon '' is a relic of that . 
  but as you said , radical shifts in both vocabulary and syntactical simplification happened in english , which invariably does bring it further away from both dutch and german . 
  you 're also right that you can map german and english words ( those which still have a germanic origin ) together . 
  my point is simply that there is only a small set of words for which this works english - dutch/german and a larger set between dutch and german . 
  as a fluent speaker of english and german and a not-that-great speaker of dutch , i have to disagree . 
  there are a few little but noticeable things where dutch is closer to english , but in general it 's much closer to german , both in sentence structure but especially in words . 
  i mean , if you just learn a few consonant/vowel shift rules from german , you can effectively guess well over half the words in the dutch language . 
  are you a french swiss ? 
  `` apotheke '' is where he got it from . 
  i make this mistake all the damn time . 
  i 'm also puzzled as to how you get that from what i wrote . 
  i guess i 'll have to spell it out for you . 
  libertarians hate taxes and often talk about getting rid of them at any cost . 
  this would be a tax-free society , and at a high cost . 
  therefore , my tongue-in-cheek comment . 
  i never said anything about asphalt diappearing , or that libertarians have any specific opinion on decent roads ( in reality , you might be surprised to learn that they like them just as much as the rest of us ) . 
  those are both a pretty big stretch to read from what i said , and both wrong . 
  that 's why i asked if you were setting up strawmen . 
  that 's interesting , what made you translate that to that roads would disappear if you removed government ? 
  surely not anything he said , because i was there , and he never said that . 
  all concrete and asphalt disappearing ? 
  people forgetting landscaping ? 
  i 've never heard such a thing in ym life . 
  where do you get this from ? 
  and are you sure it 's not a strawman argument ? 
  interesting world view . 
  no one ever said that , so how do you come to this conclusion on your own ? 
  if a company owns the road you live on and they decide to use tollbooths , you ca n't just decide to take your business elsewhere . 
  you will have to stop . 
  as for main roads , one with lower tolls and better ways of charging you would inevitably be more popular . 
  however , this is all kind of beside the point , because the point of the advert was to show what happens when you live in a tax-free society . 
  if you have to pay private companies for everything then you still pay `` taxes '' , they just go elsewhere . 
  yes , they could have also shown how you pay the same money except instead of buying politicans jets it buys ceos jets , but that changes the entire context , which was to address the idea that it 's possible to live in a nice society with the money you spend on taxes each year simply padding your pocket . 
   they 're not made out of mud , though . 
  right , because they are being paid for . 
  here , tolls are an absolute rarity , because we have taxes imposed on car owners . 
   do n't give them any ideas !, 
  if there were no road tax , this would become a necessity , i 'm pretty sure they 'd think of it themselves . 
   you already pay that . 
  this is precisely the point . 
  if the roads are decent , they will be paid for by something , somewhere . 
  the advert is about not paying taxes , but it also implies the roads are * not * being paid for . 
  if it wanted to be about a country with no tax but decent roads anyway , they 'd have to show how the roads are being paid for . 
  hence , my comment . 
  so i 've heard , actually . 
  it 's a libertarian dreamland !, 
  so , the advert could have had a bunch of mud roads , and a decent road or two with big fences around it and tollbooths . 
  or tollbooths on every road . 
  want to make a right turn ? 
  pay 1,50 $ first !, 
  good question , i have no idea . 
  i did n't think so , we also have a ton of other cheap groceries here , but it might be subsidised . 
  may well have indeed mixed something up . 
  what i wrote is simply a retelling of what i had read ; therefore , the disclaimer that i do n't necessarily assert it 's true . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  it is cheap , we pay around 0,55 $ per liter . 
  most other groceries are also cheap . 
  i recently had a friend from the netherlands whose eyes were popping out of his head that we can get a bottle of ( very bad ) liqueur for 2,89 $ . 
  even 80 % . 
  petrol is nearly 300 % more than milk here . 
  but i do agree with you and everyone else in the thread . 
  why milk ? 
  how is that the slightest bit relevant ? 
  funny , most people have exactly the opposite experience , that the dutch will speak english as soon as they pick up an accent . 
  i ca n't compare it to germany though .
