  i just discovered the culture series and devoured them over the last two months - and now this . 
  damn you cancer : /, 
  honest question : what stops you from just typing those words into wikipedia ? 
  there was comfort in numbers . 
  can we * please * get an overview of all stores combined ? 
  i do n't care about the corp , i just want to know which items give the most isk/lp ( i run incursions ), 
  1 . most conversion rates are 1 concord lp - 0.8 converted lp , but there are exceptions ( such as the sisters of eve ) wher eit is lower . 
  2 . yes , i ususally use it for the concord store but , but mostly out of lack of data - i 'd like to see more of my options . 
  in the past i 've used total sell volume as an indicator , that seems to works best . 
  thanks for replying though !, 
  hodor, 
  this is going to be the best one . 
   wait , people liked cicero . . ? 
  his rhetoric is * really good *, 
  and who the hell is this fake cicero, 
  stop with the sensible answer !, 
  you ca n't do that !, 
  * this is the internet son *, 
  captain jack harkness !, 
  accents in french or many other langauges !, 
  also stupid people who think they are apostrophes * cringe *, 
  the group of keys pos 1 , pgup , pgdown etc. 
  ( except del because that key is awesome ) . 
  who uses those ? 
  when i write , i usually do an outline first , so i ca n't use stuff like end ... and pgup/down ? 
  whyyyyy ? 
  i 'd like more diversity as well , i think a female doctor would be * wonderful * . 
  however , i do n't expect it to happen , sadly . 
  i feel , like you , that diversity has really gotten lower ( less ? ), 
  with moffat ( i 'm more of a rtd guy ) . 
  i mean even the new companion is . . the same , again . 
  i do think this lack of diversity is bad . 
  it 's a bit boring !, 
  ( for the robot military ), 
  it 's the same for priory members - priory scholars will often explain way more of what they are doing to you , 
  have one on me !, 
  it really , really depends on the subreddit !, 
  i wo n't expect any discussion on r/askreddit , but when i am on / r/askhistorians or so i do expect and often find great discussion, 
  * what is waywo *, 
  i see , thank you very much , 
  that * might * be awkward ;d, 
  it 's a pretty good translation though , the graphic is from the cover is the german version on one of the books . 
  hi-sec is pretty much grazed empty all the time . 
  go to lowsec and find empty systems ( use dotlan 's 24h jumps overview ) . 
  do the tutorial if you have n't yet, 
  i 'm so happy my teeth hurt ? 
  no , those are the best links !, 
  yes , please !, 
  yes !, 
  that is the one !, 
  thank you so much , 
  and yeah it 's different someone without subscription can only see the abstract, 
  haha , yeah , i realized that a tad too late . 
  i like you, 
  that was because of the launcher change , it works usually . 
  i , too , was completely confused what people talked about until i saw that the ne wlauncher directly puts you into the character selection screen, 
  come join us in e-uni !, 
  with enough perseverance you can learn * anything *, 
  going back to the roots !, 
  i ca n't see the spoilers :'(, 
  for the love of all that is good man ... 
  learn about paragraphs, 
  i do n't get it :(, 
  if you still have an invite , mind sending me one ? 
  that one is even emptier :d, 
  in a coat of gold or a coat of red ,, 
  a lion still has claws, 
  yeah , i would n't risk going into a chatroom about a series i could be spoiled in . 
  ever . 
  for the guys who have read the books and do n't want to have to think about spoilers , https://kiwiirc.com/client/irc.snoonet.org/gameofthrones is book readers only . 
  we also have more active guys :d, 
  this is a work of pure genius . 
  all hail the dreadfort !, 
  but ... but the planned bolton takeover :(, 
  how do people still not knows this ? 
  it 's the same with 80 % of the people who say `` why am i getting downvoted ... '' or `` i do n't know why you are getting downvoted ... '', 
  read the fucking manual !, 
  [ adwd ] ( #b `` all hail the warden of the north '' ), 
  but nothing is more effective at motivating you than that sweet , sweet last-minute panic !, 
  i second that !, 
  death note is great . 
  hey there !, 
  the application process might be a bit convoluted , but you have to keep in mind that e-uni is * flooded * by applications every minute . 
  the process is very structured to make sure that as soon as you are in the uni you can start benefiting from it immediately without having to set up your stuff . 
  also i recommend setting up your overview via the [ uni guide ] ( http://wiki.eveuniversity.org/overview_guide ) ( the overview is the most important window i nthe game , and the guide teaches you so much about it ! ), 
  wartime procedures might be a pain , but they are here to help you !, 
  what is basically comes down to is that you have to treat every system like low-sec :d and some other stuff ... 
  but i went through the same , and the stuff being at war constantly teaches you really helps in the future !, 
  and to be honest , it 's not that bad . 
  it 's the mentality that is important ( and e-uni does n't really care all that much about losses unless it 's you bling-fitted 4 bil nightmare ... ) - more learning opportunities !, 
  they also have great programs to help new players ( free frigates , free skillbooks , different locations ... ) . 
  you might be interested in their mining camp , where you can mine with others and go on fun mining fleets etc. 
  i 'm think i 'm going to vomit, 
  keep at them , they are great books . 
  * sniff *, 
  more people are being enslaved by toady 's masterwork !, 
  this is the `` wrong '' place to post them anyway !, 
   i 'll be posting a thread in a couple hours where you can ask all the questions and aim them at certain developers . 
  if this is not going to be on pc i will cry : _ (, 
  also is this an mmo or just some sort of online world thingy ?
