  hmm , but maybe the mind just sublimed because it did n't have a reason to stay alive ? 
  a mission , so to say ? 
  viewed logically , i think it could be said that the culture is improving the lives of people more than it making thme worse , and in my eyes , that 's good . 
  * should * they sublime ? 
  i mean we do n't know if not just a kind of retirement of old , motivation-less civilizations . 
  there is also a book that is set mainly on a culture world . 
  it 's just a weird angle, 
  op i am disappoint, 
  he 's going to lead the white walkers to victory over ... um . . whatever 's left of westeros at that point, 
  jesus , what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  i 'm confused as to why you wo n't let someone say that there are alternative interpretations of this story - after all , the ambiguity is what makes these stories so great , in my mind . 
  it 's interesting that you consider yourself such a masterful interpreter of grammar when your command of it seems to be a bit shaky . 
  i like it !, 
  damsel sounds way , way scarier than i 'd have imagined at first . 
  it 's like a walking sphere of destruction . 
  this was really , really great !, 
  people actually play this game ? 
  wow . 
  the screenshots in the actual thread are down , so thanks for your service, 
  the recommendations seem to differ quite a lot for the people here , so how do the tribes figure for that ? 
  ( i might not have understood everything in the op ), 
  hmm funny , i strongly suspect this all comes from a chain of comments i made in the guild wars sub concerning some incident . 
  looking at my front page right now , 3 out of 50 entries are indeed gaming-related . 
  then again , i comment very , very seldom . 
  but the logic does make sense : it stands to reason that i 'd like stuff other people that like the same stuff as me like . 
  i guess the problem would be to find people who are similar to me . 
  i do n't know wtf idk means , could you explain ? 
  why two times ? 
  i 'm not seeing the eunuch icon , just the blinded icon, 
  / r/ofcoursethatsathing, 
  oh , so now you 're even denying the * existence * of the faeriekin ? 
  that 's shitking levels of opression !, 
  * i have become patriarchy , destroyer of feels . 
   nick and i in particular have always had this strange bond where , i write the song and he portrays it . 
  he is . 
  * cough * [ xkcd ] ( http://xkcd.com/893/ ) * cough *, 
  usually the corporations who lose their stuff infiltrate a spy into the corporation that took the station und loads all their locked goods into a freighter , then sneaks it out . 
  there has n't been conclusive proof for an upper limit on long-term storage yet , so we really do n't know !, 
  as for working memory ( very , very short term , think seconds ) you do n't measure that in gigabytes or somesuch , but elements . 
  a very catchy terms is `` seven plus minus two '' , which means that we can keeo about seven elements in mind at once . 
  however , chunking , as in taking a few elements and lumping them together , can increase this capacity as now the whole chunk counts as one element . 
  the aging of the brain is n't massively different from the aging of the rest of our bodies . 
  as with every other system , damages accumulate and the diminished ability to repair these means the performance degrades over time . 
  it would depend on how you would give those people the sense . 
  via the eyes ? 
  you 'll want to hook it up to v1 and friends . 
  via the skin ? 
  go the the part of the brain that processes sensory information from there . 
  to give you an actual example , there has been an experiment where subjects were fitted out with a belt that always vibrated in the direction that was pointing north , ie . 
  gave the subjects a sense of where north is . 
  the brain activated differently , but it was very task-dependent . 
  however , since it was a tactile input , the biggest difference was in the higher motor areas of the brain . 
  heh , welcome to the philosphy of mind . 
  those are all questions that field asks , but there 's no conclusive answer . 
  there are arguments for every side . 
  if you want to read some more , i 'd recommend the wikipedia article on [ free will ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_will#in_western_philosophy ) , it will give you a good overview . 
  there are different models as to how this kind of stuff works . 
  for your concrete example :, 
  so you want to move your amr , right ? 
  generally you do this because you want to achieve something . 
  the brain constantly monitors the environment while keeping a `` list '' of stuff you want to do . 
  so then you are thirsty and your brain plans a course of action to remedy that . 
  you see a glass in front of you , and the planning center in your brain then tells your motor area that it wants to grab this glass . 
  your motor area then ` calculates ' which commands it has to send to your muslces to move the arm in exactly this way and then sends those commands . 
  while your arm is moving , it is constantly being watched over and corrected ( you feel your arm , you use that feeling to ascertain if it is moving correctly , if not , you change the movement plan ) . 
  the catalyst here was your obervation that you were thirsty , which led to a plan to drink something . 
  they gave you the basics of how this happens . 
  your conditions sounds a lot like anterograde amnesia ( the inability to learn new things ) , so i 'll explain that . 
  in anterograde amnesia , the patient 's hippocampus is damaged . 
  the hippocamous is the brain area that is responsible for turning short-term memories into long-term memories . 
  know what you need to know is that short - and long-term memories are stored in different brain areas !, 
  usually , short-term memories , when they are rehearsed etc. 
  prompt the hippocampus to consolidate them into the long-term storage . 
  but when the hippocampus is damaged , this does n't happen and so you ca n't get new things into lt storage . 
  if your loss is n't total , it might be that only a peripheral region is damaged , for example . 
  i 'm sorry and i hope you get better !, 
  do it . 
  i jumped in later as well , but the game is really amazing . 
  they can be at k-space exploration sites too !, 
  oh man i thought was going to be long , but it 's ... loooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooong . 
  jesus fuck eve players ( though i guess it 's better than ship spinning ), 
  i would love a key , as i have been looking forward to strife for a long time . 
  i 'm a dedicated mmoba player , who played dota 2 / lol for a lon time , but now wants to try out new . 
  also , a friend of mine won one , and we 'd love to play together !, 
  i like hawks , and i like seraphims , so the conclusion seemed natural . 
  yea , that was awesome . 
  for the record - that was wenn battery bird had selected thunderstorm , so all we needed to press two a 's in a row to pretty much wreck the enemy . 
  so that 's what everyone did . 
  it was pretty awesome . 
  ah , the berwartstein . 
  when you do the tour of that castle , they let you throw some pebbles down the well and you can listen while it rattles against the walls etc. 
  the wall is so deep you never hear the impact !, 
  it really shows you just how incredbly deep it is . 
  another of those castles that were never taken except by treason . 
  am i the only one surprised by how popular dorne-associated things were ? 
  martells are a pretty popular house , and characters from there appear to be pretty popular , depsite us having not seen much of dorne by now . 
  rise up , fellow dorne fans :d, 
  oh man that game !, 
  it was actually pretty good . 
  somehow digging a well is by far the most dangerous project in any of my fortresses .
