  man i love harbies . 
  i do n't even find the ship particularly pretty , there 's just something about its design that fits . 
  it just says `` i 'm a flying brick that is going to do its job well '', 
  oh man you scared me there ; i thought my browser was broken, 
  i love the bonfire !, 
  it 's something that 's very not-in-your-face , but everyone who has played the game will immediately know it and love it . 
  expect to get lots of `` praise the sun '', 
  i 'd agree , but maybe op likes the text ? 
  wormholes are not that bad !, 
  they do take some getting used to but man are they fun . 
  if you want to learn more just check out e-uni 's wiki articles on them ( or listen to a class ) . 
  or just head in there and die gloriously . 
  considering 20 $ get you 700,000,000 eveisk, 
  20 $ get you 3000 isk, 
  it 's 1 isk to 24000 eveisk, 
  do you see that '' / s '' at the end of his post ? 
  that 's usually used to say the the post was sarcastic up to this point ( so he actually agreed with you and was making fun of tinfoilers ), 
  how would the game handle no factories at the start of the game ? 
  i do n't think it would go well ( thinking specifically about machine parts here ), 
  wait , so there is an eu4 -  vicky converter ? 
  brb starting convertable ckii game, 
  excerpts :, 
   likewise , due to trigger warnings ' simplicity , professors can implement these triggers in various ways . 
  during the beginning of a course , professors can add these warnings on their syllabi , informing students which books possess triggering material and which books are trigger-free . 
  these simultaneously allows students to plan their reading schedule ahead of time for tackling triggering massages and/or discussing an alternate reading schedule with their professor at the beginning of the semester . 
   professors can also dissect a narrative 's passage , warning their students which sections or volumes of a book possess triggering material and which are safer to read . 
  this allows students to tackle passages that are not triggering but return to triggering passages when they are fully comfortable . 
  i would like to see a copy of 50 shades annoted in this way . 
  maybe it would make that book more fun ? 
  oh , and related : http://www.psmag.com/navigation/health-and-behavior/hazards-ahead-problem-trigger-warnings-according-research-81946/, 
  not to mention that juan carlos actually helped make spain an actual democracy . 
  after being appointed as franco 's successor , he could have continued facism , but he did n't !, 
  he is someone who was handed all the power - and did something good with it . 
  who knows what kind of state spain would be today if not for that ? 
  another bloody civil war ? 
  i 'll take a king like that over a useless politician every day of the week . 
  yes , i 'd rather see spain as a republic than as a monarchy , but at the end of the day , it 's still a democratic state with no actual difference in reality . 
  and people should watch guillotines , [ they cut both ways . 
  if you actually believe that he could pick a president ( not prime minister by the way ) that 's not the head of the majority you 're fucking delusional . 
  it 's roughly the same in the uk . 
  it 's a ritual . 
  the king does n't `` pick '' the president , the voters do by voting for a party . 
  oh yeah , the french revolution turned out * so fucking great *, 
  in a world where so many countries are not even the least bit democratic ? 
  yeah . 
  yeah they are . 
  what does that have to do with me as a person ? 
  great ad hominem there . 
  when robespierre took power , the best parts of the revolution had already happened - the absolutist monarchy was broken and a democratic future seemed all but assured . 
  robespierre then managed to erect a dictatorship which in the end gave us the directory and then napoleon , which from a political point of view was hardly better . 
  the ultimate legacy of the french revolution was not the bloodbaths committed on all of the french classes , but the ideals and inspiration it provided to the rest of the world . 
  it 's a simple question of effort and reward . 
  is it worth it to completely change the constitution of an effectively democratic country just to get rid of some leftovers ? 
  yeah , sure . 
  but that effort could be better used to actually change important stuff !, 
  like the real problems that are plaguing spain . 
  in the end you always have to ask yourself `` how many lives will this improve ? 
  `` i doubt it will be very many people . 
  yes , you might be a bit happier that you 're a ` true ' democracy now instead of a const . 
  monarchy , but you 're still out of a job . 
  i 'm also intrigued by your baby-eating argument . 
  i said i think the current situation is okay because it 's not a real problem , and lots of countries would welcome the state spain is right now . 
  your example has nothing in common with that . 
  the king also does n't get to * decide * who runs as president . 
  the parties decide that . 
  yeah , because writing a new constitution is so much * fun * . 
  and people complain about an elephant hunting trip the guy made . 
  do they realize how much more expensive a new constitution is ? 
  calling someone who instigated democratic reform in the country as dictatorial fuckhead is just ironic , or ignorant . 
  take your pick . 
  and yet again you completely ignore my qualifying arguments re : my standards , so i 'm done there . 
  yes , i think it would be morally acceptable if eating babies would n't harm anyone ( obviously not the case so there you go ) . 
  maybe try to find a less populistic example ? 
  you seem to set way too much stone into something that is written down somewhere which is never going to happen , and never has happened . 
  also , from the same article you quoted :, 
   `` during the investiture proceedings the nominee presents his political agenda in an investiture speech to be debated and submitted for a vote of confidence ( cuesti\u00f3n de confianza ) by the congress , effecting an indirect election of the head of government '', 
  i liked the story , but somehow the whole deal with kuno seemed a bit cut short . 
  i mean when did he meet the homeless ? 
  but i agree with the timelessness !, 
  the only thing that kinda gave it away was the airships instead of airplanes but that is minor . 
   if justice is too expensive then we do n't deserve to survive as a species . 
  it 's not justice though . 
  and it always depends on the price you have to pay . 
  i 'm not going to let someone go hungry for even a day to fix something that 's not broken . 
   unless of course his democratic reform was a half measure that did n't remove the monarchy and given the sort horrible inertial `` arguments '' you 've presented probably have ultimately gotten in the way of real progress . 
  spain is a modern democratic nation , what are you talking about ? 
  i guess that 's what i 've been trying to say all along . 
  spain is a democracy that is about as good as it gets . 
  you 're all getting up in arms about the supposed power of the kings but it 's all just ritual and representation . 
  there 's no * real * power there , you understand ? 
  there is no fucking way the king could do something undemocratic . 
  if he tried , he 'd be on the street fast than you can say ` sesame street ' . 
   can anyone who is n't appointed by the fucking king become the president of the parliament of spain ? 
  does n't matter to reality as he 'll pick the guy the majority-holding party wants . 
  and the parliament has to nod him off so there 's no chance of him * not * becoming president . 
   parlimentary systems ( even ones that are n't infected by the taint of a monarchy ) are broken with respect to justice . 
  that 's not `` about as good as it gets . '', 
  not even close . 
  i meant as good as it gets with respect to democracies . 
  seeing as we 're all anarchists here , i figured you 'd know what i 'd mean , sorry .
