most of the younger people ( < 30 ) speak english . 
  where 's that from ? 
  hell yeah , i 'll join in . 
  at least for what it 's worth with myself graduating in two months . 
  relevant ( just an other picture ), 
  maybe just have something ingame ? 
  the possibilities are endless . 
  maybe make the announcer say something ? 
  you 're a creative company , after all , 
   there were n't any fbs around , what could have caused this mystery illness ? 
  this buggered me all day . 
  thanks very much !, 
  used 1427 . 
  there is an ` inbred ' trait , which has negative stat modifiers . 
  wrong dictator . 
  i like yours too, 
  that 's the beauty of it, 
  guys ... that 's reddit 's anti-spambot mechanism xd, 
  thanks you !, 
  time to * defend *, 
  i do n't have any lag , to be honest . 
  thanks for the farm , we love your food !, 
  that 's the one , i read it before it was deleted . 
  i propose 3.14 as the general frequency , 
  please , never ever do this . 
  you should at least have the curtesy to * cite * the reasons given . 
   i am making the decision to shut down commenting on this particular post because i think it is more scrutiny than one undergraduate students needs to face . 
  the discussion has been very interesting and , mostly productive , but it is finished . 
  perhaps , if members of the engineering community would like to continue the dialogue with this class , we could arrange to have a symposium or a lunch and learn sometime in the near future . 
  i know i have at least one student who will be around next year and is very interested in continuing the dialogue with the mcmaster nuclear engineering community . 
  get a new economic system . 
  hodor !, 
  hodoooor !, 
  that was really insightful !, 
  it somehow reminds me of a kind of solipsism catalyzed by the internet 's anonymity ... anyway , [ best of 'd !, 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/rzroa/anti_hivemind_explains_people_on_the_internet/ ), 
  okay ... what do yo uwant to tell us with this ? 
  what 's your problem ? 
  you were not being clear , you just wrote ` band-aids ' . 
  and that ` your family in cuba ' is all white and fulfills the aryan prefection ideal does n't prove anything , except that you think it has any importance ? 
  there are white people living all over the world , just as black people and yellow ones . 
  what do you want to tell us by saying your family is white ? 
  please ? 
  thanks for not using any set phrases like `` this will probably get buried , '' ( i hate it too ) . 
  but really ? 
  i would thank you for describing female arousal in much more detail than any of my female friends ( of which there are few enough / obviousforeveralone joke ) or even girlfriend !, 
  but what i would really like to thank you for is this style , this description ... the word description does n't really merit it enough ... 
  i 'd call it a work of art , honestly . 
  i 'm impressed by your level of sheer awesomeness and linguistic competence . . if you ever happen to teach it , i 'd be glad to learn from you !, 
  a very enjoyable , comprehendable and entertaining read . 
  it 's not a bug , it 's a feature - i 've used this technique since alpha  it 's simply rewarding planning and such . 
  no need to be worried !, 
  forward !, 
  he dies , some more critters ( rat and pig ) spawn further down the stairs , but they die pretty fast . 
  after that ? 
  i 'm trying to find that out currently , 
  dodge ? 
  bitch please , i got illusions :d, 
  what about before they were founded ? 
  awesome !, 
  i 've read cryptonomicon ( which my cs teacher on my school i 'm no longer attending still has . 
  damn ! ), 
  and i learned so much ... stephenson is a great writer, 
  look , we found the stargate !, 
  we also just say rtw . 
  first thought . 
  ah , i was wondering about that blowing up cities stuff . 
  sounds like the comic ending was way cooler with that giant ... * thing *, 
   the world ends with you . 
  if you want to enjoy life , expand your world . 
  you got ta push your horizons out as far as they 'll go . 
  the world ends with you , best game ever in terms of story and gameplay for the nintendo ds . 
  fuck the gema, 
  down !, 
  fun stresstest everyone - hope to see you during the next one , 
  i want my fifty cents back, 
  i do n't think i could have avoided punching such a person . 
  this is like the perfect way to solve every problem , ever . 
  is n't it bavarian ? 
  they reacted this hard to set the expectations for future exploits . 
  people are going to think twice about exploiting something like this when they might face a permaban . 
  i think their reaction was quite smart ... 
  also , everyone who says that it was anet 's mistake : do not confuse the possibility with the conscious decisions to actually go through with this . 
  just because something is possible does not mean you should do it . 
  so did you destroy the weapons you bought ? 
  how many did you buy to get permabanned ? 
  it says `` substantially exploited '' , i 'd like to know how much that was . 
  i myself was standing in front of the vendor and debating with myself whether to buy some or not to buy . 
  seems like i made the right choice . 
  how is it putting it under the rug by pubicly telling us how they reacted ? 
  i 'm kinda realizing they could have reacted smarter by issuing a 72h to everyone who bought a 27k weapon , and rolling their chars back to the moment before purchase . 
  this together with a widely publicized statement telling everyone that the next time someone is going to exploit the game they are going away perma . 
  i feel that this is the way they did take with the bots , first handing out mild rewards , but warning everyone that they are going to ramp up soon . 
  do you mean you are sure you are going to get your ban amended ? 
  or are you just not sure yet about how long you are banned ? 
  well , be sure to tell us - i 'd like to know more about how many weapons constitue `` substantial '' or only 2normal '' exploiting . 
  i agree that in this moment , the economic side of guild wars 2 is totally broken . 
  items are too expensive , there are bugs , the trading posts does n't work , exploits with crafting , cultural weapons costing way too much , rewards vs. vendor prices being too low ... 
  however , please keep in mind that those are things anet can work on with the community . 
  exploiting an honestly very obvious bug is something that i feel okay with the devs not taking lightly .
