  iin the big picture , maybe 5 % of the players knew about the exploit . 
  how many used it ? 
  that 's not worth taking the servers down for . 
  gw hit 400k concurrent users . 
  how many are 4k accounts ? 
  not much . 
  you need to think from their perspective - these 4k are just the pawn sacrifice to tell the rest of us that exploiting is never okay . 
  i 'm convinced that they are hard at work fixing stuff , and if because of that a bug is introduced , i 'd rather have everyone ignore it instead of everyone having to jump on the wagon and exploit away . 
  also , this was a very serious exploit . 
  yeah , a giant mistake by them . 
  but it takes two to tango ... 
  `` we want to thank the vast majority of players who became aware of the issue , responsibly reported it , and did not exploit it . '', 
  they did . 
  ** the potential impact on the economy was far higher this time ** - you could run a bot for a month , and have enough karma for the price of 3 weapons . 
  everyone who got permabanned bought at least more than 50 . 
  fifty weapons !, 
  that 's many . 
  way more dangerous . 
  as for kripp , he got banned . 
  he is popular enough that his ban warns other people looking for exploits . 
  he is also popular enough to get permabanned next time - if he wants to brag about it again . 
  please . 
  they stated that even if you bought 50 weapons you wo n't get permabanned . 
  if you really were permabanned , contact the support . 
  hm , they said to contact support , not to post on reddit . 
  but purchasing something from a vendor when you can see that the weapons that are worse than the ones you 're buying are more expensive really takes a naive approach . 
  also , if you bought 20 weapons you 'd not get a permaban . 
  think of it like this : if there was someone like this , would n't they stop after getting ten weapons for level 80 ( = 40 norn t2 weapons ) ? 
  how is it logical that someone buys more than a hundred weapons ? 
  why should they continue to farm weapons that are as of now useless to them ? 
  your gw2 account and your support account are not the same . 
  try this site http://en.support.guildwars2.com/app/utils/create_account, 
  they say that they do want to hear about it , do n't they ? 
  but i 'm not sure how they mean this , i agree . 
  and from what i 've seen in this thread many people complain about ` buying 1 weapon ' when it was stated that you 'd have to buy at least 51 . 
  edit : check this out : http://www.reddit.com/user/arenanetsupportteam - that 's them telling the people who post in here how often they abused . 
  high numbers all around, 
  check the account of the arenanet support telling the guys who post in here how often they abused the exploit . 
  they are all above a hundred ... 
  btw , i love how they are doing that . 
  not stupid , actually . 
  but i do n't have to `` win '' anything - i already bought the game , i trust anet to be fair . 
  if you do n't trust them , how could you buy a game they maintain ? 
  if it was n't true , the account owners would protest . 
  however , most of them are like `` yeah i think it was around 600 '' [ seriously ? ], 
  but yeah , they could cherrypick , that 's true . 
  but what would it gain them ? 
  if you see a rolex for 5 $ , you would never think that this was a shady deal , would you ? 
  thanks for the information !, 
  i was n't informed enough about how the fountains work . 
  however , the basic principle still stands : people were buying weapons and they were turning them into ones they could n't use yet , in bulk . 
  i mean i would sure feel stupid after buying one hundred same items . 
  would n't you ? 
  yes , but are you aware of how much you are in the dev 's hands after buying the game ? 
  they own your characters . 
  if you do n't know that , i 'm sorry , but for me it takes a substantial amount of trust to give someone the power over so much of my time ( accumulated in my chars ) . 
  i trust them to protect this game i bought . 
  and they did just that . 
  they protected the economy . 
  they punished those who showed they could n't care less about righ tor wrong . 
  some of the people gloating in here about how often they exploited ... 
  i do n't like that mentality . 
  but would n't you at least ask why/how he is selling them so cheap before making off with about six dozen of them ? 
  it 's about the thought process behind accepting such a deal - you know it ca n't be true, 
  nope - the salvage kits cost the normal price, 
  the prices were adjusted in a patch and zeroes were forgot . 
  they probably lied :( or they were just 72h banned !, 
  so basically what we are coming away with from this is that when you used the exploit to get some legendary weapons , using it hundreds of times is n't much ? 
  and i guess from the amount of karma those guys had that they were near the level 80 mark ? 
  in that case , hm : / maybe anet should have been a lot more lenient with their permaban limit !, 
  i agree , yeah . 
  i hate that `` the botters get less punishment '' blaming-others-mentality . 
  your `` crime '' stands for itself , do n't point fingers now , please . 
  also , your exploiting was way more dangerous . 
  exactly . 
  this is a good idea - i 'd like to switch off supersampling for w \u00b3 for example , but it 's an inconvience to chang eit every time . 
  this should be a thing !, 
  nah , it 's about you realizing the amount of money you are being asked to pay is not in line with the actual value of the good, 
  thanks for the info !, 
  okay , i agree !, 
  they should have set the limit for a permaban at 300 , maybe . 
  getting permabanned for one hundred when you used it for the mystic forge really sucks , i guess . 
  especially when the bug was n't that clear-cut right away, 
  this is the problem - they probably did n't know !, 
  this is the opionion i came away with after all this , too . 
  however , i 'd still agree with permabans for anyone with over 600 bought weapons , for example . 
  intriguing , do you have a source , maybe ? 
  click the little `` globe '' to the left of the url , then ` more information ', 
  the library ? 
  did i miss something ? 
  i only see text in krytan which i ca n't read : / or did i miss a part of the priory ? 
  i only now the big room with the skillpoint-light thing, 
  i ca n't go through the grate :(, 
  i just put my cellphone out of reach - so that i have to get up to turn it off !, 
  also works and is not as tedious as your system , 
  i 've gotten the same sound - even in beta, 
  that is some disturbing subreddit . 
  to be fair , invalid item is hard to get - especially when you 're in { !, 
  } town, 
  actually , right when the battle started on friday kodash has been focusing us ( elona ) the most because they wanted to get back at us for their defeat last week ;p,
