  are you implying something ? 
  i take it you annexed them ? 
  so 2 points for you !, 
  yeah . 
  but now i know as well . 
  because i sure as hell would n't have otherwise . 
  well it 's been about 48 hours now . 
  yeah so ~ 24 hours left . 
  maybe more , i 'll let everyone know later today . 
  yes . 
  also war adds 5 points against . 
  sardinia-corsica is yet to send me their actions . 
  edit : i have received the sardinian actions . 
  let the trashtalk commence !, 
  it 's not like there 's any hurry . 
  yeah for me . 
  not yet , but lim will send me a copy of his mod folder as soon as he is able to . 
  hopefully that 'll do it . 
  we have yet another potential fix that i will try asap . 
  i 'm confident that we 'll get the next part next week . 
  have n't tried that yet , but how does this sound / u/limerickarcher ? 
  eastern , but yeah . 
  impressive . 
  i have a 10-year-old amd processor and a gtx 650 . 
  there 's the problem of lim 's computer not being on all the time ... 
  stopwatch log is in the link , lua is just this :, 
  [ 6318.546 ] installedpanel : refreshing mods, 
  [ 6318.546 ] installedpanel : getmodbrowserlistings ( ), 
  [ 6318.625 ] installedpanel : refreshing mods, 
  [ 6318.625 ] installedpanel : getmodbrowserlistings ( ), 
  [ 6490.218 ] installedpanel : refreshing mods, 
  [ 6490.218 ] installedpanel : getmodbrowserlistings ( ), 
  and dll error sounds most plausible , i 'm seriously starting to doubt it 's just my pc being too old . 
  i checked mission control and ram usage was at a solid 37 % all the time and cpu usage spiked between 20 % -80 % . 
  well then . 
  is there anything that can be done about it ? 
  modifying the mod 's config for example ? 
  it 's in the stats linked in the sidebar . 
  it 's the game length we 're using . 
  so yeah . 
  thank god not . 
  i 've got 10 . 
  +1 for actual content, 
  me and / u/andy0132 are working on it together currently . 
  our timezone difference seems to be the worst one possible though so the rate at which messages are shared is n't the fastest in the world . 
  how very dare you . 
  i went to your link and guess what ? 
  shitty default mode . 
  great . 
  sure . 
  but when i 'm looking at the logs , i ca n't even find a mention about a `` file.xml '' . 
  which is pretty weird . 
  could it be that there 's been a misunderstanding somewhere down the line ? 
  you need to be friends if you want to survive the future boer onslaught . 
  oh wait you still wo n't have a chance oops . 
  i 'd like to call it a `` temporary hiatus '' . 
  #we do n't really have a choice though, 
  that makes sense i suppose . 
  the thing is we have n't planned it at all . 
  also if we do that i think we should call that mkii . 
  yes , but that would take several months . 
  the error was in the database log . 
  you 've modified some of the mod files though , right ? 
  so would n't a reinstall wipe those changes ? 
  unless they 're the reason the game even tries to load . 
  yeah , ca n't load the game now . 
  i backed up the folder you gave me however so no progress was lost , thankfully . 
  ninja edit : scratch that , i just realized i had the wrong version of the religion mod . 
  edit2 : does n't work for real . 
  it 's no use ... 
  when i looked at mission control back when trying to load the game , i had more than enough memory * and * processing power . 
  having stable mods is the key , you do n't need a supercomputer to run a game that 's essentially over five years old . 
  because every post about mkiii is about some sort of colonial game ? 
  edit : also modchat . 
  dude the title of this post is like the least important part , stop focusing on it so much . 
  my point was n't that we 've decided anything ( because we have n't ) , my point was that we need to make it balanced . 
  uhh ... 
  the africa one is also about colonization ... 
  edit : just looked at your poll , what do those options even mean ? 
  the thing is , if the natives are allowed to build cities they 'll blot out the sun with them and the colonists wo n't have a chance . 
  they need to have * some * cities though . 
  to finish the game . 
  that does n't matter . 
  we killed you , the pau government , and that 's what matters . 
  for us at least . 
  for you , ~ ~ everyone following your freedom and your culture ~ ~ winning mattered . 
  for us , killing you gamey bastards was the most important part . 
  even during the game , most if not all of us knew ( and told you ) that we do n't care who wins , we just wanted you dead . 
  and that 's exactly what we achieved . 
  even if we lost the game in the grand scheme of things . 
  by the time limerick crowned you the winners , it was already too late . 
  there was n't anything that could stop the steamroll . 
  actually seeing you die would have been even better though but civ 's a bitch so what can you do . 
  dude i know that . 
  i even congratulated them . 
  nah we sent everyone over and executed them in public . 
  also we did n't have any revolutionaries so even though our cultures were alike we were still a liked government with legit power . 
  nah the people of the commonwealth were backing the government . 
  they were very tired of war but they knew that once you were finished it would all be over . 
  besides , they probably hated the pau government just as much as we did seeing as you murdered so many of them .
