  but they will most likely not be so for long . 
  what about after the remnants of rome get killed ? 
  yes , they dictate the delegates ' votes and could create unnecessary conflicts between members of the congress . 
  they 're in exile as long as rome is in the game , which is as long as the two units are alive . 
  this is a democratical congress , i have every right to propose the dissolvement of parties . 
  what happened before had nothing to do with ideologies , though ... 
  i just did though . 
  but now that i think about it , there 's an article in the constitution about parties , so i guess you 're right . 
  however , i hereby cut any ties i currently have with the progressivist party . 
  i 'm independent now . 
  but what do they govern ? 
  island of japan ? 
  the autonomous region of tibet . 
  i 'm gon na ask you again : what will the exiled roman government govern after the inevitable official elimination that will happen when the two roman units in armenia get killed ? 
  i added a couple civs to oceania and i think it 's ready now . 
  i think the other two are too . 
  i 'm so glad this is back !, 
  this was my favourite oc in the first battle !, 
  thank you so much !, 
  i hardly doubt that they have much influence from the other side of the globe over the people recently conquered by such a militaristic state as sparta . 
  besides , after the remnants are killed , rome is eliminated from the game and the government ceases to exist . 
  one does not simply talk to spartans . 
  i would go to r/civhybridgames and help set up the game so this can actually happen . 
  shameless , i know . 
  well you got ta step up your plugging game , then . 
  well it 's not necessarily for the public . 
  i was thinking we 'd put the decisive poll to other places too . 
  ( in case you 're wondering , central america is n't there because there 's just five entries on the list . ), 
  i 'm closing the poll when it 's been up 48 hours . 
  seems so . 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  they did n't do that because they were good samatarians or anything , though . 
  sure , it was nice that they did that but they had their hidden motives . 
  they had their grudge with the ussr and if they did n't help europe , communism would 've spread farther and that would 've been good for the ussr . 
  it 's basically the same thing as the vietnam war , only with different methods . 
  where have the game of thrones - themed questions of the week gone ? 
  no no no , it was definitely a good thing that they did that , but i 'm just saying that it does n't make america any more freedom-y . 
  yeah i 've been to ex-eastern bloc countries and the buildings from that era are an eyesore . 
  after i 've listed the uniques of the civs selected here . 
  i 'll close the poll tonight at about 6 o'clock utc and get the uniques list set up asap . 
  will probably be tomorrow . 
  the info table is currently unfinished . 
  i can do it all by myself , but it will take a while . 
  if you want to give me a hand , ask for editing permission and i will happily grant it to you . 
  canonically the civs are general regions , so the irl location does n't matter . 
  also i just copied the civs that were up for vote from [ here ] ( https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1t69uezg5x_pjbnduy1ig8datkqd1sqwjepnsc2jaqvs/edit ) , and hre was one of the civs that won . 
  the only criteria for the final civs will be their uniques , and there 's multiple iterations of the hre . 
  but we 're gon na make the info list and i 'll see what i 'll do with the hre when i get to it . 
  i think we should hold an assembly considering eliminations . 
  it is n't as critical now that you are s-g , but something needs to be done about it . 
  needs more boob, 
  maybe next week , from monday to tuesday/wednesday ? 
  we must have it span a day or as it is an important matter and we all live in different timezones . 
  that sounds like a plan . 
  or we could just remove hre for the list , we 'll see . 
  rinse and repeat and you 'll get numb of it . 
  that 's what happened to me and now i 'm killing civs for the hell of it . 
  well naturally . 
  i ca n't believe i just got nostalgic from that . 
  and i bought bnw last year !, 
  an elephant * get your grammar straight sparta, 
  it just makes it better honestly . 
  there also was the war room but it 's on hiatus currently . 
  mk ii is far from finished , do n't worry . 
  but the mod itself is pretty crappy . 
  i doubt it 's very stable in a biggger game either honestly . 
  ew eye stitches :p, 
  maybe not rome for w. europe as it 's in a peninsula which is surrounded by mountains . 
  i think something like paris would be better . 
  northern asia capital : yekaterinburg, 
  what about australia ? 
  they have a climate akin to hawaii , and their technological prowess is even greater than that of the yakuts . 
  i can not support a nation with a delegate who speaks atrocities like this . 
  lake baikal is a horrible place for the fair compared to some other locations ; its climate is not nearly as pleasuring , it 's far away from everything and it 's surrounded by an inpenetrable wall . 
  if the fair were to be held in khonuu , finland will not attend . 
  finland gives its support . 
  however , i think we should give such prizes to those pioneering in the fields of technology , science and art as well . 
  when did i say i wanted to go to hawaii ? 
  besides , the americas are where the majority of the people living on this planet live . 
  and from their standpoint , honolulu is close . 
  unlike baikal . 
  and more importantly , we 've already voted about the location , you 're a little late to the party . 
  sad to hear ... 
  i look forward to this project of yours . 
  as i said , we 've already voted . 
  and if you seriously dislike me ooc based on two ** rp ** posts i made , you 're not really a good fit for a politician ... 
  it 's pretty logical downvoting you when you say you dislike me ooc in a ic thread . 
  seriously , what the hell are you talking about ? 
  this was pure rp until you decided to bring ooc crap into this . 
  show me where i went ooc . 
  oh , wait , you ca n't . 
  because it was you , not me . 
  i think the observer is there * because * it won the vote . 
  aka winner of last poll vs the babylonian . 
  well go ahead then . 
  yeah i do actually because i seriously do n't know what you 're on about . 
  so is that a no ? 
  that was n't an insult ... you do n't have the evidence , do you ? 
  because it 's awesome ? 
  idk,
