  they 're killing the blobs ? 
  nonononononononononononono i just started to love them they 're way better than the unicode ones google please do n't do this i beg you, 
  maybe it 's just culture shock from switching to ios to android when i still had 4.4 , but i prefer the 7 ones honestly . 
  yeah good point , at least the depressed looking one mentioned in the article was way better before , honestly my first reaction was `` oh great they look more like the unicode ones now '' due to the aforementioned culture shock . 
  all good points but we still technically lost both times . 
  would n't it be the other way around ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  and syria 's been in a civil war for the last 6 years ... 
  you 're not even trying, 
  i think it 's supposed to, 
  i hear it as `` benches '', 
  maybe more / r/pettyrevenge material , but a fun story nonetheless . 
  it is n't out of place here either , really . 
  but at the same time op 's reason for the revenge is somewhat petty . 
  new fan from the future , which episode is this ? 
  iirc that 's because it 's originally from one of the sean connery bond films . 
  ghost ride the whip, 
  voting for : france, 
  my grandfather smoked his whole life . 
  i was about 10 years old when my mother said to him , ` if you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate , you have to stop immediately . ' . 
  tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake . 
  he gave it up immediately . 
  three years later he died of lung cancer . 
  it was really sad and destroyed me . 
  my mother said to me - ` do n't ever smoke . 
  please do n't put your family through what your grandfather put us through . '', 
  i agreed . 
  at 28 , i have never touched a cigarette . 
  i must say , i feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it , because your post gave me cancer anyway . 
  game of the year, 
  that might be an insult to 16-year-olds . 
  it was ded cuz it was a fake link, 
  i upvoted this ~ ~ because it 's the first time i 've seen it ~ ~ because i liked it , you and your condescending high horse can piss off . 
  edit : thought they replied to another comment , point still stands with the slight edit . 
  the presentation is lacking but the concept is cool enough to warrant and upvote from me and over 3.7 k others ; if you do n't like it , that 's fine . 
  but do n't belittle those that do . 
  it 's generally just a dick thing to do . 
  saying that people should `` blame those who upvote '' is kind of belittling , or at least a generalisation . 
  true , but when you couple that with `` downvote and move on '' , you 've quickly climbed on that high horse in the eyes of those who did happen to like the content . 
  you 're again correct but you still seemed like you were a dick about it , which is subjective anyway . 
  oh god , the mod queue ... we 're supposed to have civilized discussion . 
  locked . 
  fuck this is actually good, 
  * cough *, 
  not me, 
  narration for p4 please, 
  start of another, 
  ayyyyyyyyy, 
  same , i recalled having seen the scene before but could n't put my finger on it . 
  so thanks for saving me the embarrassment !, 
  good egg ? 
  you ca n't not mention [ good egg . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/qy8sn6dhii0 ), 
  fuck i still have n't got over the fact that i lost mine . 
  [ great sea intensifies ] ( / intensifies ), 
  galaxy 2 has so many gems as well . 
  the sound track of the galaxy series is just absolutely stellar !, 
  in some ways , galaxy 2 has an even better soundtrack imo . 
  and perfect run has three pieces , the second being good egg . 
  with the added bonus of sick bongos !, 
  ... if you 're good enough . 
  yeah if the music was something else i 'm not sure if i would 've ever beat it . 
  even though i actually played galaxy 2 first ; i ca n't imagine what it would 've felt like hearing that music for the first time but also recognising it . 
  maybe he checked whether or not someone would actually bother to make such a pretentious bot ? 
  he 's almost infamous in a way due to how he is in the media . 
  i was ( pleasantly ) surprised when i saw that people here really like him . 
  i can naturally do 3 , if canadian can do 5 , which i can not . 
  do n't know yet , school 's begun at that point and at this point it 's hard to say what my schedule looks like then . 
  and were n't some of germany 's best u21 players playing in the confed cup as well ? 
   interestingly enough , inuvik ( which is another town on the arctic circle but in northwest territory , canada ) has no trees and looks nothing like northern finland . 
  that 's the gulf stream for ya . 
  civ does too . 
  you 've been banned from / r/suomi, 
  you ca n't buy me a hot dog , man !, 
  looks old ? 
  that 's the wii u hd remake from last year ... 
  i think it would be interesting if someone did this , but with germanic instead of german . 
  well the french and scandinavians ( and the english , although it 's irrelevant here ) are at least partially germanic peoples , and all of western europe has been under germanic rulers at one point or another even though the people is n't of germanic ancestry , so i think all of europe should probably be painted red if that was the case . 
  or it 's just that the images are gross and it does n't actually have anything to do with holes . 
  i refuse, 
  / r/wildlypenis ftfy, 
  then you have two reconstructions . 
  there 's cool guy errands that they have to walk to, 
  said mod is also op of this chain, 
  backup singers ? 
  he sings all the layers himself in their songs . 
  unless he made an exception with take on me , which i doubt , but i could always be wrong . 
  does n't make it any less weird . 
  you 're sounding like a freaking conspiracy theorist right now . 
  it 's also on every post ever , why not be creative for a change ? 
  almost always ? 
  but that 's literally just one grain of sand , a magnet . 
  agreed , but i do n't really think `` robot '' is an acceptable label . 
  maybe if the controller was also automatic . 
  why the fuck would you need a torque screwdriver for building a pc ? 
  i wonder what 's for dinner ... 
  china smels, 
  yeah not in a hurry to update tbh . 
  the blobs are the best !, 
  when was this ?
