  i imagine they would 've looked cooler back in the day when design as a whole was different . 
  dear god . 
  and at least the new one does n't look like something from a 60s b-list sci-fi movie . 
  something tells me you 're not familiar with their videos . 
  whoa that 's deep ... : o, 
  our house ? 
  yes, 
  hi every1 im new !!!!!!!, 
  holds up spork my name is katy but u can call me t3h pengu1n of d00m !!!!!!!!, 
  lol ... as u can see im very random !!!!, 
  thats why i came here , 2 meet random ppl like me _ ... im 13 years old ( im mature 4 my age tho !! ), 
  i like 2 watch invader zim w / my girlfreind ( im bi if u dont like it deal w/it ) its our favorite tv show !!!, 
  bcuz its soooo random !!!!, 
  shes random 2 of course but i want 2 meet more random ppl  like they say the more the merrier !!!!, 
  lol ... neways i hope 2 make alot of freinds here so give me lots of commentses !!!!, 
  dooooommmm !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  love and waffles , t3h pengu1n of d00m, 
  i think it 's because they did n't remember to end the episode while recording . 
  that said i want them to bring the abrupt endings back , they were great . 
  pretty sure the concept of the every man 's right is newer than the 1700s . 
  well yes , that 's what all humans did before agriculture . 
  and 91 years of the 1800s finland was not a part of sweden . 
  i said 1700s , because during that century finland was part of sweden through all of it . 
  well , most of it , but you went and got beat up by russians who took old finland in 1721 . 
  and then some more after the hats ' war . 
  and of course the terms are the exact same when both are translated to english . 
  point is , the fact that both countries have these laws does n't really have to do anything with the fact that we were under your rule back in the day . 
  `` los '' is `` the '' though, 
  same here, 
  2020 here we come, 
  page and commentary in finnish, 
  wait . 
  what ? 
  it 's been that long ? 
  i 'm pretty sure he meant the op 's question, 
  i mean i 'm pretty sure it 's physically impossible to use that meme unironically ... 
  i remember wanting to kill myself after seeing that in person but seeing it again that 's hilarious , watermarks and everything . 
  ayyy, 
  you know what they say ... 
  bitch u mad mf ugly b looking like the little ginger kid from little einstein kill urself btch ill shoot u mf ass meet me irl fuck outta here wicho dorito ass shaped head btch albino gorilla lookin ass mf ill flame u dumb spotty white pizza shaped head lookin elongated ass nose marshmallow man crusty ass mf self right here btch, 
  jesus christ , i do not understand why people have to nitpick about this and use it as some sort of an argument . 
  `` democracy '' and `` democratic republic '' as a form of government are basically interchangeable in every-day usage . 
  maybe mane should have checked if someone else was going for the ball before trying to karate kick it , then . 
  i agree that he probably did n't know the keeper was coming , which is why he should 've checked . 
  / r/sadcringe, 
  the fuck ? 
  good atmosphere is an essential part of the experience !, 
  what the fuck is this stoppage oh my god, 
  it 's a lot easier to say that afterwise . 
  what if they do n't live together ? 
  crazy , i know . 
  is ok, 
  if you hated the united states so much that you were willing to suicide bomb it and also had bombs , you 'd just suicide bomb the united states . 
  42 civs started the battle royale . 
  3 of them are eliminated . 
  part 14 was called `` winner takes it all '' , that 's four words . 
  the most recent part was uploaded 17 days ago , that 's 2,5 weeks ago . 
  tpangolin is also known as tpang ... that 's five letters . 
  battle royale part 20 confirmed, 
  i think the title says it all . 
  come on , we 're finnish . 
  friendliness and politeness ( let alone `` there you go '' and thank you '' ) are words not part of our vocabulary ; we 're grumpy , quiet , shit at small talk , rude , drunk . 
  if some fucker dares to be nice to them , we beat that wussy asshole up . 
  why ? 
  'cause they are a swede . 
  and we do n't like them or anything affiliated with them ... 
  including good manners . 
  so stop with the `` let 's be nice to everyone '' crap and be a finn . 
  pop out a kossu from the freezer and get pissed . 
  i have a history with those scallywags and i 'm willing to try and propose an alliance to them . 
  i seek acceptance with you , my brethren . 
  good luck to all . 
  may the strongest triumph . 
  i 'm fucking pumped and you are too, 
  i 've become a supporter o'the proud finns along the mighty morgan 's people since that scallywag tpangolin announced they will do battle . 
  now i , on behalf of me lads over at r/finnittowinnit , ask ya mateys for an alliance . 
  though ` tis obviously inferior to rum , we finns have our own alcohol , the kossu . 
  i could provide ye lot as much of it as yer liver holds . 
  what do you think will happen ? 
  seriously , we were at like 3,000 subs in the beginning of july , hit the 5,000 mark last week and now we 're starting to come close to 6,000 . 
  i 'm glad this is getting so popular :d, 
  those losers are talking smack about conquering us . 
  i actually feel kinda sorry for them ... let 's put them out of their misery , shall we ? 
  most of you have probably heard of the model world congress founded by u/mista _ ginger at r/cbrmodelworldcongress . 
  they have a two delegate per civ system and i propose u/shandorin as said delegate . 
  i 'm also willing to take that role . 
  is this okay with you people ? 
  just throwing this out there . 
  norway , we 're gon na overtake you ... 
  it would make navigation between the two subreddits much easier and quicker . 
  what do you think will happen ? 
  personally , i think the isolation war will come to an end ( even though it never started ) . 
  yakutia will finally put it 's massive army to use against either the mongols or korea . 
  canada will get into the action over at north america and australia will start heating up . 
  france might take york if they come to their senses . 
  china is the first one out . 
  israel loses their capital . 
  tensions rise in straya and scandinavia . 
  bucs start making a move against argentina . 
  canada declares war on the states .
