  this is so useful , now i finally know that l\u00fcbeck is , in fact , real !, 
  i did . 
  because now it has the op , cakeday and mod tags at the same time, 
  yes it 's hanseatic and not hansan idgaf, 
  they still were n't implemented , i did n't see my pikemen, 
  also ace did n't give me mercy concerning the fact i forgot i do n't have 5 ap , which does n't affect the rp at all :(, 
  * unzips pants *, 
  where were my pikemen then ? 
  i could n't see them anywhere, 
  gold, 
  more like the crusaders about a millenium ago . 
  but you guys made it into an internet meme , which is commendable, 
  france, 
  venice ? 
  neutral ? 
  voting for : liege-trier, 
  the titleimage has an error , it 's ` heiliges * r\u00f6misches * reich ', 
  this bothers me too much, 
  where 's the beer ? 
  rekt, 
  you have n't even reformed anything i 've reformed more than you you suck, 
  says the civil warrer . 
  and facts hurt , do n't you think ? 
  the one that is inevitably going to happen with three separate families vying for power . 
  7th of may 1995 best day of my life never forget, 
  oh definitely , we broke 888k yesterday !, 
  it 's coarse , too !, 
  unrelevant but i like your username, 
  oh my aq is a contortion of my real name , in finnish they 're pronounced almost identically . 
  that 's quite a coincidence though :d, 
  please do n't, 
  sshhhh is ok, 
  i do like how non-intrusive they are . 
   implying he has any, 
  speak for yourself ... 
  abortion, 
  pics or did n't happen !, 
  who are you , unidan ? 
  ~ ~ shows no proof ? 
  he listed the choice results for you on discord . ~ ~ apparently there has been a misconception and lurking gave the results for a wrong event . 
  i think my dick just passed the voyager . 
  the police is just a social construct, 
  cat . 
  oh i 'm sorry i could n't hear you over this massive green line that is everywhere, 
  you are correct , but this makes it worse . 
  mcdonald 's just called the trebuchet a catapult . 
  it 's still a downgrading insult . 
  exactly . 
  absolutely , but we 're not one of them . 
  can you not see how crap we are doing ? 
  most of us want to rid of it , keine sorge . 
  wait , 900 ? 
  holy fuck . 
  subbed for the gifs , stayed for automod, 
  i did, 
  i think you know . 
  looking good !, 
  blast from the past that one . 
  fixed, 
  hi every1 im new !!!!!!!, 
  holds up spork my name is katy but u can call me t3h pengu1n of d00m !!!!!!!!, 
  lol ... as u can see im very random !!!!, 
  thats why i came here , 2 meet random ppl like me _ ... im 13 years old ( im mature 4 my age tho !! ), 
  i like 2 watch invader zim w / my girlfreind ( im bi if u dont like it deal w/it ) its our favorite tv show !!!, 
  bcuz its soooo random !!!!, 
  shes random 2 of course but i want 2 meet more random ppl  like they say the more the merrier !!!!, 
  lol ... neways i hope 2 make alot of freinds here so give me lots of commentses !!!!, 
  dooooommmm !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  love and waffles , t3h pengu1n of d00m, 
  #e u, 
  #did you say something i ca n't hear you from beyond the grave, 
  #what emp i never felt anything except the salty taste of the tears of those opposing us, 
  #sorry mate the fallout 's actually on your lands, 
  #paris is actually smaller than the ten cities of yours that we wiped out, 
  #at least we did n't merge with our biggest enemy because we shat our pants after the formation of the glorious commonwealth, 
  #we have the eu itself , which happened to be the greatest and most elaborate plot ever, 
  simply put : when your kids stop dying , you do n't make as many anymore since they are n't exactly cheap . 
  https://youtu.be/qsbt5eqt348 perhaps not the most credible source but a really good and educative video on the subject nonetheless . 
  i know what you mean and am just being pedantic , but immigration has been a thing since the beginning of time so i 'm sure some of them have french citizenship at this point . 
  only the admins and mods can vote , normal users instead vote whether their allocated admin/mod should upvote or downvote . 
  they can disobey this though , it 's more a matter of honour . 
  also advertisers have been accused of affecting votes by gilding ; a gilded comment always seems to accumulate more upvotes than normal . 
  yeah i get you , i do n't know why it bothered me so much , sorry \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  if it gives you any comfort , so did i. 
  not cursed , but a lie . 
  * insert rock organ *, 
  ssshhhhhh do n't interrupt the atheist circlejerk, 
  well atheists are usually the first ones dissing religion , no ? 
  they 're rarely the ones spreading said misinformation , however . 
   ah yes , no religious person has ever been misinformed . 
  fair enough , but that 's not what i said like at all . 
  nice !, 
  i 'd like to reward this man somehow but he seems like the kind of person who does n't need rewards . 
  your comment made me yawn, 
  finnish , snapchat is way more popular here . 
  `` no '' they said , quieter this time, 
  i be of ah nao . 
  but ron , what if i ca n't get it up ? 
  this was a rollercoaster of emotions , seeing as i have that set and i did n't see which sub i 'm in, 
  welcome to the real world , jackass !,
