  the nazca , the aztecs , and the americans are the only american civilizations . 
  wait so what are you trying to achieve here ? 
  just sign it ? 
  because if you sign it probably does n't make you american , sorry : /, 
  although i would n't know , i did n't make the doctrine . 
  perhaps you can work it out with the americans . 
  i guess it 's for americans only ? 
  it 's basically the whole point of the pact . 
  uniting the americas in case of a foreign threat . 
  if said foreign threats were to join in then why would it exist in the first place ? 
  i guess u/emeraldrange and his lot could take over if they so desire . 
  eastern hemisphere here as well , just like the majority of the world 's population . 
  i 've never seen a city taken with two half-dead swordsmen you know . 
  he 's just salty because they were supposed to do better than us , but look at the situation now . 
  shall i announce it ? 
  also , as is customary , we will let an ambassador from our friends in the sub . 
  i trust that you 're the one ? 
  that too . 
  they 're not going to put two civs on like a three-tile island . 
  the changes had to be done . 
  and if finland moves the warrior into their city then the defense will increase . 
  and i 'm not sure helsinki even has farms . 
  one of the norwegian units is dead next turn unless it heals , which i doubt . 
  they could take the city in theory yes , but they will probably die before that . 
  let 's not be too hasty . 
  perhaps you could share some of your scientifical secrets with us ? 
  you seem to have reached a new era of `` enlightement '' , i 'm not sure what that means but we think it sounds intriguing . 
  i think it 's pretty clear that edirne goes to cas given its location ( unless nas is willing to give them something for it ) . 
  hamburg is the source of conflict here . 
  it 's bordering both nations . 
  i pretty much brainstormed this in an hour , if you find inconcistencies then please tell me . 
  also from personal experience he ~ ~ does n't like ~ ~ absolutely hates it when you do that so this situation could just escalate further if you do that . 
  great . 
  now i feel bad . 
  what even happened ? 
  what 's going on here ? 
  i want to stay neutral on this all given our history but it 's pretty damn hard ... 
  for fucks sake ... 
  this is all so dumb and unnecessary ... 
  thanks i try, 
  how mysterious , i wonder who it is . 
  forgie no do n't do it / s, 
  sadly it 's not the second time ... 
  i 've gotten into a heated argument with them twice over some fucking downvotes . 
  i have , and now we can put this all behind us !, 
  ... right . . ? 
  why do i feel like that wo n't be the case ... 
  edit : apparently we can , r/civbrfiction is public again !, 
  why i 'm flattered , thank you :d, 
  how far have you run it by the way ? 
  i seriously * just * noticed that you 're running the game . 
  wow . 
  takes some real balls to apologize after all that . 
  i doubt i could do it . 
  respect . 
  alright . 
  my arguments do have some value after all :p, 
  actually read through the whole thing now , minor edits made . 
  he means irl if that was n't clear . 
   jealous tpang sock puppet, 
  lmao, 
  that would be cool . 
  it also would cement the fact that we 're all penguins . 
  prepare your eulogies , it 's going to get ugly !, 
  that means you 've got a fever you git, 
  i do n't , you should, 
  i do n't know how the other way would work ic . 
  fpa : abstain, 
  tct1 : yea, 
  cspa : yea, 
  ravi : nay, 
  admv : yea, 
  let 's not forget that this warmonger forced helsinki to declare war on us . 
  play civ ii or something , it 's abandonware, 
  yeah it bothers me way more than it should ... 
  yeah , with an army like yours that should be a piece of cake , especially when finland has just artilleries and shit / s, 
  except that you do if you want to capture anything other than the coastal cities . 
  well we have * actual * artillery . 
  and shitloads of riflemen . 
  if you want to unite fennoskandia you do . 
  against each other ? 
  you 're probably right , even though we 're both awesome someone else might kill us first . 
  glory ... to the union ? 
  some are calling it the union already, 
  in the post where i initially announced our friendship . 
  holy shiet, 
  yes they do , everything is on the yogscast live channel . 
  send me the image , email is akuautio13@gmail.com, 
  oh my * god * . 
  i 've watched the yogs for a little over two years now . 
  ^ ^ ^ too ^ ^ ^ bad ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ missed ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ grumps ... 
  sssssshhhh, 
  watch the jaffa factory series . 
  it 's amazing . 
  except if you hate minecraft , which i understand these days . 
   when yogscast plays it . 
  holy shit exactly my thoughts on the game nowadays . 
  not really . 
  i was legit surprised when people said it was good . 
  i like star wars and all but i was pretty pessimistic about it .
