  boers attack ethiopia giving the zulu a chance to break in the game . 
  yakutia keeps being boring and mexico incompetent . 
  yakutia will get butthurt about dropping out of rank 1 and do ... absolutely goddamn nothing . 
  nazis lose hamburg . 
  vietnam will very nearly avoid a city loss by tibet with a peace treaty . 
  shanghai is left alone for now . 
  zulus will get their first impis . 
  boers take two ethiopian cities , pot-cook-whateverthefuckitsnamewas falls . 
  spartans capture cumae . 
  mexico declares war on the mayans but remains incompetent . 
  the mighty morgan takes advantage of this and dows mayans , the lads take a city . 
  australians cripple the filipinbros . 
  iceland takes st. louis . 
  and finally , the finns build an invasion force and take turku . 
  how about you ? 
  what do you think will happen next ? 
  i 've been pretty busy today and with five minutes until the release of part 10 , i wo n't be making a predictions thread . 
  there 's nothing to stop you from posting your predictions here anyway , though . 
  with 7,000 crewmembers , the sub is pretty congested . 
  we might have to build a new one soon ... maybe in the arctic ? 
  i love this community and everyone in it . 
  stay awesome . 
  we 're gon na rise , like , ten spots , it 's gon na be amazing . 
  this is the sub for the great coalition and future winner of our hybrid game , kingdom of vietnam . 
  to our allies : welcome !, 
  to our enemies : i feel sorry for you and your puny nations . 
  you do n't stand a chance . 
  i 'm nice enough to give you a tip , though : start practising vietnamese culture . 
  because you will be under its influence soon . 
  anyhow , i 'd really love it if someone could help me with the css . 
  thanks a lot in advance !, 
  anybody ? 
  just me ? 
  maybe my dad ? 
  i am hyped and you are too, 
  * ahem * anyway ... 
  finland takes san bartolo and possibly an other hunnic city . 
  meanwhile , the huns take a couple more ussr cities . 
  canada takes philly . 
  vigan will finally fall into viet hands . 
  rome is reduced to a single city , rome . 
  the broken drum war ends with ashanti minimalizing its losses . 
  the us ends their war with iceland and gives away another city . 
  the inuit keeps forward settling the yakutia , who in turn get irritated and switches to its other side , so it now sleeps facing west , away from the boreal bros. 
  the giant dreams : `` those bastards can take our lands but they 'll never take our sleep ... '', 
  and finally , incas make some gains against both chile and brazil . 
  we took san bartolo !, 
  u/geekynerd2 founded a third party in the thread considering parties . 
  here 's what he said : `` i call for progressivism , not solely preserving the status quo or tearing everything down , but modifing the system so that it works for all . '', 
  i want to announce this more officially because i feel not many know about its existence . 
  one would say these are late , but here goes :, 
  the lads will take one or two mayan cities and make peace . 
  the zulus will declare war against kongo ( or maybe the boers ) near the end of the installment . 
  nothing happens in europe , except finland will take another hunnic city while they keep attacking stalin . 
  china will try to attack vietnam 's northern city but while they 're at it , the trungs and korea will assault china . 
  the war in the pacific will start to stagnate . 
  chile makes some gains against inca , stalemate with brazil . 
  sitting bull starts peace negotiations . 
  morocco makes gains against carthage . 
  what about you ? 
  what do you think will happen ? 
  so i changed the stylesheet to naut ; it 's the one used on r/cbrmodelworldcongress , r/civbattleroyale , r/civaigames and others . 
  however , i 'm in school so i was on mobile and apparently the images lose their transparency when they 're uploaded hence they 're somewhat broken . 
  ~ ~ i 'll fix it when i get home in about four or so hours . ~ ~, 
  edit : so the update is done now and some kind of a custom header would be nice . 
  anyone with the skills to do that pm me and i 'll put it in , 
  edit2 : added sidebar description, 
  so if we 're going to do major modifications to the civ list , the subreddits become pretty much obsolete . 
  which is n't ideal . 
  as the founder of r/vietwillrockyou , i 'd like it if the ones who voted yea on generalizing the civs would have a solution for this . 
  thanks . 
  we have n't done these in ages, 
  press f to pay respects to the hopes and dreams of the huns, 
  we 'll want flairs for the different regions , but what will they be based off of ? 
  do they really serve any use ? 
  are they of any usefulness to democracy ? 
  they barely even do anything . 
  in my opinion they should be disbanded due to this . 
  how about you , my fellow delegates ? 
  i had the idea of an elimination bloc , which the eliminated delegates would join . 
  ( they ca n't really represent their own nations since they wo n't exist . ), 
  the members of the bloc would have their own flair . 
  their opinions wo n't be restricted by the bloc and thus would be able to represent their opinons freely . 
  i 've never played be and know little of it . 
  should i get it now that rising tide is out ? 
  how good is it ? 
  am i too early to post this ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ probably ^ ^ ^ ^ yeah is it even out for the public yet ? 
  here 's how tpang answered when asked what 's next for him . 
   battle royale mk . 
  iii !, 
  *** most likely , what 's next for me is the further growth and fostering of the community that we 've already built . 
  *** the community over at / r/civbattleroyale is absolutely exemplary and the content and humor that they produce ( although extremely niche in our little corner of the internet ) is second to none . 
  i 'm not sure what the future holds , but i hope i can do something along the lines of the vast amounts of fun that i 'm having already . 
  he is n't planning mk iii nor did he confirm it . 
  he either wants to do it or he was joking . 
  'cause , you know , he does that . 
  now let 's just enjoy mk ii because it 's going to last for a loooong time . 
  even if he is planning mk iii we would n't get it before next summer most likely . 
  probably longer .
