  : ddddd, 
  please say yes ... 
  seconding talleyrand . 
  anyway option 4 seems best . 
  the plot to flip johannesburg failed , ice was captured and we rescued him when we recaptured johannesburg . 
  yeah i was almost scared for a bit there as well . 
  almost . 
  phew * wipes brow *, 
  we 'll see who dies first : them ... or you . 
  honestly , i 'd more rather go out with a bang than with somebody else winning cultural . 
  oh they 're not going to survive unscratched , believe me . 
  nice . 
  question : which party initiated this pact ? 
  the elc ? 
  true . 
  even thogh we 're not a nordic language at all . 
  one could say that iceland might , at some point , have a bad time . 
  i 'm not sorry . 
   one of the dominant powers, 
  ftfy, 
  well this is going to get confusing . 
  wait has somebody claimed so ? 
  strange . 
  destroyed . 
  uhh excuse me , i think you 'll find that western siberia does not exist as they were conquered by the commonwealth . 
  thank you . 
  you do n't . 
  yeah i was talking about them . 
  by you ? 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  meaning that they might become uninfluential over us at some point . 
  is the pau 's influence over us still rising ? 
  we do n't kill them , they do n't exist in the first place . 
  simple . 
  what rats ? 
  where ? 
  oh yeah , they had that 2000 last part , i remember now . 
  pau tourism too op pls nerf, 
  epic . 
  also, 
   lions are respected animals due to their being lions, 
  cracked me up . 
  * confused stare *, 
  mods how has this been up for 4 hours ? 
  i am very relieved by this . 
  this, 
  edit : i mean fucking hell , first they brag about defending against like ten xcoms not doing a coordinated attack ( yeah what a victory ) , followed immidiately by asking for peace . 
  then they proceed to ask the game host to punish us for some mundane shit ? 
  lol what ? 
  it looks like the pau does n't have any confidence in winning . 
  but even still they decide to not play by the rules . 
  why ? 
  either fight like a man or accept defeat . 
  the buccaneers, 
  11/10 would worship again, 
  ~ ign, 
  i could make another megathread for that stuff again ? 
  i do n't find it necessary to threaten nations clearly superior than yours when peace talks are already in motion . 
   innocent, 
  well it was the pau who destroyed their own land . 
  and most of the destruction this world has seen was brought upon by your god . 
  so yeah . 
  in your dreams . 
  also since when have gods and ghosts had the power to have armies ? 
  oh you mean when we peacefully tried to flip all of south america but it failed because the pau does n't know when to quit ? 
  like i said : i did n't know ghosts or gods were able to have their own armies . 
  i did n't mean to offend , it 's just that you 've been rping as the stats deity ( you were killed and did n't come back into a nation ) , and i 'm not sure if such people are allowed to have their armies . 
  of course if lim says it is then i stand corrected . 
  but seriously , i did n't mean to offend you . 
  what if reddit goes down for the whole day ? 
  so could one of us . 
  hahahahahahahahahahahaha take that power rankers, 
  in a serious note , it was a pleasant surprise to wake up in the morning and see that you 've handled it , thanks !, 
  much , much worse . 
  look who 's fucking talking . 
  just replace datlof with europe . 
  ( also ignore the end part ), 
  still would worship, 
  * stares at flair intensely *, 
  ** where ** . 
  finland . 
  even though we 'll wreck you ~ ~ when ~ ~ if we attacked . 
  i really do n't know about that . 
  i like step 3 . 
  it 's ... 
  it 's ... glorious . . !, 
  * the general-secretary 's speech to the commonwealth when the gangbang begun *, 
  `` people of europe !, 
  you have served me well . 
  but today ... 
  it is our darkest hour . 
  we must fight to survive !, 
  fight !, 
  fight on !, 
  europeans !, 
  block the xcoms with your bodies and hold them back !, 
  block the men !, 
  fight for your honor and fight for your county !, 
  europe will hold !, 
  europe forever ! '',
