  and the simulation is so good you could n't tell if it was real or not . 
  the lore says it exists in the world the rp lives in . 
  limos is a computer program on a submarine . 
  not an omnipotent deity . 
  it 's just lore . 
  my `` arrival '' post was supposed to be the last post about it . 
  the only way for all this to reflect to ig is like one sentence in a narration mentioning them . 
  in my mind it was always that the limos was the entity communicating with everything else with the observers just hanging out on the sub with zero impact on the game . 
  i honestly can not understand why people are making such a big deal out of this . 
  it 's just background lore that does n't impact the game in any way that i wrote because i felt like it . 
  how would it affect the game ? 
  how is a few people on some sub in the middle of the sea any different than a god on some sub in the middle of the sea ? 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  how is this rp ( fyi it 's not rp , it 's lore ) affecting the game any differently than some other lore that would apparently be so much better ? 
  the lore says it exists in the world we live in aka the simulation . 
  i do n't find that concept too hard to grasp . 
  so a computer program becomes god ? 
  what ? 
  i see that , but my point is how is it any different than the scenario you prefer ? 
  then why are you making giant walls of text saying how it 's bad and ruins the game ? 
  have you seen the matrix ? 
  it 's like that . 
  people in the reneissance do n't even know what ai is . 
  it 's not far fetched to believe that they would think of the submarine in my scenario as god either . 
  i thought it would have been cool to have at least some of the characters that we 've been playing as for the last months to somehow play a part in the new game ( even though in reality they 're not , they 're just there without anyone knowing about it ) . 
  i guess not . 
  limos is powerful , he just does n't have influence on the sun anymore . 
  thank you finally somebody who does n't overcomplicate things, 
  they do n't have outside influence anyway , but if that shuts people up , fine . 
  i still fail to see how it does neither of those things . 
  mine is all of those things already though ... 
  simulation as in there was no intelligent life before and we brought it with us therefore allowing us to shape the world however we wanted . 
  simulation is a bad word for it as it 's not virtual per say . 
  yeah that 's some shit wording from my part . 
  and the matrix as in the people think there is stuff around them but there is n't . 
  so like they 're real people but we 've modified them to think that there is stuff outside the game . 
  because us deliberately focusing on just italy wo n't make sense to me . 
  [ that 's a nice menu . ], 
  in theory we have the tech to have some kind of system that would send said shipments every once in a while . 
  for all this time , i 've been trying to say that yes they do . 
  it 's exactly the same as in any other scenario . 
  also , you keep saying that it 's overcomplicated . 
  no it 's not . 
  you 're the one overcomplicating this . 
  either make it your headcanon or do n't . 
  it 's really damn simple . 
  no , i 'm calling you making your own fucking rp simple . 
  but you 're not doing it . 
  instead you decide to bash on others ' . 
  i have never claimed that my lore is canon . 
  it 's just four pieces of storywriting that i did * for fun * . 
  now , you can imagine that when others shit on your pieces of writing that you did for shits and giggles , it 's * not * fun . 
  if you think that those four pieces of writing ruin the whole fucking game for you , then make your own . 
  simple as that . 
  i 'm not making it for you , because i 'm fucking done with this shit . 
  as i said : if it 's such a big problem , make your own . 
  i 'm not changing anything . 
  then what are you trying to achieve ? 
  not to nitpick or anything , but there has been discussion that all ties to game 1 should be cut , which has been pretty much the basis to the writing . 
  same :p, 
  yeah maybe i should . 
  modmail 's a thing so supported . 
  noted . 
  added you in, 
  you 're in, 
  cool, 
  i almost made a post where i just kill myself and blow the sub into oblivion , i can still do that . 
  i 'm on it !, 
  he 's not a mod in the first place :p, 
  so did i. 
  added . 
  aight, 
  knew that already , do n't worry . 
  thanks . 
  i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  list updated, 
  i kind of want to join sardinia , but the side of me who wants to make the game fair wants me to join genoa or milan because they do n't have much people there . 
  thanks . 
  cool . 
  how 'd you know ? 
  sign me up . 
  but you 're not a mod , where did you find out ? 
  are you like looking at the mod list 24/7 or something ? 
  that flair tho, 
  updated . 
  you guys have enough people , i 'll pass . 
  it can smash 'em and set 'em on fire . 
  you have 5 :p, 
  you , fossil , ludi , tundra and emerald . 
  fossil was the first one to tell me their alignment in the roster . 
  i thought that we would n't go to industrial ? 
  well in that case . 
  god damn eu iv looks cool . 
  i would pick finland , obliterate the ussr , then obliterate the swedes , then build a giant army for a few turns , then obliterate sibir , then the rest of europe and after that rest of the world . 
  i thought you were there already : /, 
  flair up !, 
  flair up !, 
  flair up :d, 
  three * , 
  i made my decision .
