  do you have the ability to admit that you were wrong ? 
  they have mounted units so at least horses exist . 
  yeah probably . 
  and i think i 've seen sheep in some hills . 
  yeah sure ... 
  i 'm not the guy who holds a grudge , let 's just put this all behind us and start again . 
  mk i had to be ended because the game became very , very unstable . 
  mk means mark which is pretty much the same as version . 
  shots fired, 
  i think you 'll find that the little strip of land in the kola peninsula belongs to poland , not the soviets . 
  maybe he 's busy , i think most of us are . 
  i think it 's best not to tell us who it is or else he 'll get crucified probably ... 
  ssshhhhh, 
  oi i thought you said you were finished being a dick :p, 
  i can do that . 
  there 's a tenet in autocracy that gives free courthouses btw . 
  it 's pretty great . 
  oh damn i missed the vote . 
  gandhi joins and nukes everyone , finland wins diplomatic victory . 
  i guess nothing just happened then . 
  probably yeah , mostly because we 're strong and amazing and the two are weak and pathetic . 
  hell yes you can . 
  just look at the info addicts . 
  m8 i gave the honors to u/emeraldrange , he 'll do it tomorrow because he 's better than explaining this stuff than i am . 
  i could 've done it but he does it better . 
  simple as that . 
  i see what 's going on here . 
  i meant that u/emeraldrange will post the poll , not host the game . 
  i thought you were a mod already , sorry . 
  looks like emerald invited you already though . 
  i did give the poll to you . 
  i guess it does n't really matter , the same stuff 's in the polls either way . 
  that would prevent spamvoting , i at least do that . 
  but maybe it discourages some people who do n't have a google account for some reason . 
  keep this up for 72 hours maybe ? 
  welcome . 
  let us hope the carthaginian delegate does not go berserk again and murder you too . 
  i think the delegates should keep their status but under a new ( special or no ) flag . 
  what about karakorum ? 
  that last one got me . 
  i think yakutsk is too east honestly . 
  i think it 's too east . 
  really ? 
  that 's awesome !, 
  and there 's more to come still . 
  well those too ... 
  ( forcing the voters to login would fix that ), 
  i can make slides . 
  i do n't find this intolerable , it 's merely cunning diplomacy or plain stupidity . 
  would you rather prefer vietnam steamrolling you ? 
  because that 's seems to be the other option . 
  it 's nice that they do n't shed any blood . 
  northern asia is n't there . 
  yes but you must consider the fact that if they did n't `` bully '' as you say it they would take cities violently . 
  this way nobody gets killed . 
  that is true . 
  the leader poll is that poll . 
  yeah it 's pretty sad ... 
  well it 's probably because the ages shorten too so there 's much more room for error early on . 
  ftfy, 
  well i 'm currently stuck in the port of tallinn with a tablet , so i really ca n't help . 
  how did the soviet government acquire said frigates ? 
  for my knowledge australia is the only nation who have the technology to build them . 
  i was n't aware the trial needed militarian supervision . 
  why is this ? 
  we need some protection but the one that is currently being planned is just ridiculous . 
  the buccaneers have already promised protection and the french have troops here . 
  we absolutely do n't need any more . 
  as finland is well on the way to becoming a liberal country , we can sign this convention . 
  but what if they take a major city ? 
  that would be deadly to your scientific progression . 
  then it would be a piece of cake for the kimberly to catch up . 
  and australia 's science generation ? 
  boom . 
  gone . 
  if it happens while the aussies are warring elsewhere it could . 
  the pop will fall a lot . 
  and if the kimberly were to declare war in be competent , they 'd take more than one city . 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  do you have proof of this looming danger ? 
  how do you do . 
  i wonder if they 're interested in a trade agreement with you ? 
  why thank you . 
  england and china . 
  in your dreams snoreyak . 
  pls no shitpost, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ traitor, 
  their army consists of mostly ggs and workers though . 
  we 're not going for `` chgnorthamerica '' or such ? 
  yeah it is a bit but would n't it break the immersion of the region ? 
  they exist but there are n't that many of them . 
  names for middle east please ? 
  link flairs have been added  i was thinking if some artistic guy person would make some custom flairs ? 
  or will we just use the images of the representing civs ? 
  edit : `` pengu has sent you new messages '' i like that . 
  and the swedes in general . 
  ^ ^ just ^ ^ finish ^ ^ them ^ ^ off ^ ^ already ... 
  works fine for me . 
  how bizarre . 
  we could take them in the peak of their `` power '' as well , though .
