  also when did i do that ? ], 
  yeah that 's true , you 've got a problem with that ? 
  you basically committed suicide by telling the truth . 
  of course you 've got a problem with that . 
  you love your country so you 're willing to risk civilians to * try * give the pau the upper hand ? 
  seems legit . 
  there seriously is no rules against breaking treaties , and there should n't either . 
  and our hearts are cold only towards our enemies . 
  like you . 
  oh , right . 
  you 're a genius . 
  i second this . 
  not at all !, 
  daaaaaaaaaaaamn, 
  but why though ? 
  would n't it be better to have him sit in a prison for the rest of his life ? 
  that means we own the pau !, 
  we 've been attacking ourselves the whole time !, 
  limerick-aten needs no asylum . 
  we need asylum from him . 
  we could have liberated quebec for you . 
  we could have put you back to power . 
  instead , it seems now that we need to put you down as well . 
  your choice . 
  i just realized ... 
  prague was given to the pau dogs when they first became friends with the kingdom of western europe . 
  or , they were n't the pau back then . 
  they were n't even dogs . 
  one could even say they were ... 
  * a friend . 
  ... but that 's all changed now , has n't it ? 
  the northern americans first became the pau . 
  then . 
  then ... 
  ** they became dogs . 
  for that , they must die . 
  starting from prague ... **, 
  #our city . 
  [ cool oc though ], 
  well we think we 're human even though we 're just penguins , so most likely . 
  very well . 
  if you wish to die , so be it . 
  do keep in mind that it was you chose your destiny . 
  we could have given you the cities back you deserve - hell , we could have given you alaska while we were at it . 
  your people could have happily lived under your `` freedom '' . 
  but no . 
  you could n't swallow your pathetic pride . 
  you could n't listen to the voice of reason . 
  instead ... 
  ### you chose to listen to the voice of death . 
  ### you 're lucky that your people make so good slaves in constructing our forces of destruction and we need them . 
  i sure would have loved to see quebec burn . 
  we have n't been trying to take quebec . 
  we have been trying to establish a bridgehead in prague . 
  it is only now that our goal has become taking quebec . 
  and i have to say , your odds in defending until the end of time are next to none . 
  you will die . 
  yeah or more recently the ukrainian `` ceasefires '' . 
  there 's been like two or three . 
  all were broken within a matter of days . 
  that 's because they had their troops there . 
  you remember why they had their troops there ? 
  stay strong , friend . 
  i 'll see you soon . 
  they drove him into committing such a tragic act , did n't they ? 
  for gold , god and glory !, 
  this is amazing !, 
  one thing though , the red and blue text is hard to read on mobile . 
  oh god ~ ~ yes ~ ~ no, 
  so ... ... you masturbate to ai games . . ? ... ... 
  what are you ? 
  a swede ? 
  also the first who can read the last line gets five internet points . 
  u zoomed in did n't u i call hax, 
  so you zoomed in . 
  no internet points for you, 
  you can have ... 5 points . 
  / u/shandorin gets the other five . 
  equality ftw !, 
  ^ ^ please ^ ^ no, 
  i 'm not sure if i should laugh or call you insensitive, 
  fuck it , i 'll laugh, 
  : dddddddddddddddd, 
  i 'm not quite sure . 
  i have other things to do until 5 pm , but now i can probably quit it earlier in the day . 
  i 'm in , but with a big maybe . 
  the honorable contras might honor the cease fire , but the canine scum of the pau most likely will not . 
  watch out . 
  and then they 'll probably blame it on you . 
  because the mighty freedom-loving pan-american union never does anything wrong . 
  no wonder it failed . 
  i had my doubts about it as well , but seeing as the news from last october ( ? ), 
  about him having cancer is one of the top posts here , i decided it would be fitting to keep everyone up-to-date . 
  `` at least you 're not keemstar '', 
  ~ tb 's oncologist a little after breaking the news , according to tb, 
  this is why we 're not politicians . 
  that 's fucking hilarious . 
  would n't surprise me . 
  this was a great part to narrate . 
  i just noticed that i 'm retarded and/or blind .
