  bringing back a movie series after so long usually is n't a good idea . 
  nah , i 'll watch it someday . 
  yeah but i do n't think i can save it from there , can i ? 
  i 'll add it when i get to my computer . 
  because all this time you 've been saying how simple it is and how `` literally everyone '' could do it . 
  holy shit this is amazing . 
  i 'd gild you if i could . 
  yeah i just went to sanakirja.org and that 's what i got, 
  it was with r/civbrfiction and karma and all that crap . 
  yes , that might be true , but it does n't give us that good of an image to others . 
  especially if this continues . 
  yeah could be . 
  i 'm on it . 
  they shall feel the wrath of the civlized world . 
  i would also like to congratulate you on your victories on the southern front . 
  [ meta ] i wonder if we could try and get the congress to r/cbrmodelworldcongress ? 
  the game has its roots in there and if you ask me , it needs a little something to stay interesting . 
  i 'm the finnish delegate and i have n't been in there for a week . 
  bla : ** nay **, 
  ihp : abstain, 
  to put it short , a user made a request to basically split running the game to multiple people to get parts out faster . 
  his way of making the request was ... questionable , and as more and more people told him why it would be a horrible idea , he proceeded to call the whole community pathetic and accusing tpang and his patreon of being shady . 
  he 's still here . 
  that would be nice . 
  a choir and all . 
  i volunteer !, 
  well i mean all this was originally supposed to happen over there . 
  everything . 
  it was part of the campaign of a secretary-general . 
   first world war, 
  i like it , brother . 
  we could always at least ask . 
  nah , it 's just on a hiatus with tpang 's gf in hospital . 
  it 's probably back after christmas . 
  the whole thing , it might be cool considering this started from there . 
  if no one else is with me then it 's fine of course . 
  as a delegate i can make a proposal there asking it . 
  then it would be voted on . 
  ( it would n't be until the next weekend but i think we could handle it on this sub until then ), 
  i mean there are 3 canal cities , so ... 
  who were they again ? 
  oh yeah , forgot about igloolik . 
  seems pretty harmless honestly and i can kind of see where he 's coming from . 
  i 'm fine with merging if it is n't instant and unexpected . 
  they should be either gradual or announced in advance . 
  neither are we , the ingame congress is disabled so it 's completely under our control . 
  it 's basically identical to this except that it 's more than just rp . 
  i 'm glad you stayed , you know . 
  yes but you were the one who started it . 
  it was all going to happen here originally . 
  and honestly , the mwc as a sub could benefit from this . 
  would n't it be nice to actually decide something for a change ? 
  it wo n't matter in the end anyway , that 's why we accepted . 
  besides , it was negotiated with us so it 's different . 
  at least in my eyes . 
  ouch . 
  sign me up !, 
  1 : complexmergers , voting excluded . 
  but you know , cossack coincidentally made a post yesterday that it 's about the roleplay and not winning . 
  are we ? 
  hear ... hear ? 
  damn that wwii sequence was amazing . 
  why is helsinki on sweden 's city list ? 
  helsinki did n't became a relevant city until we were part of russia . 
  i know , but it should n't be . 
  good question . 
  as was the doctrine . 
  which you violated . 
  as soon as the chance of doing so emerged . 
  efficiency ? 
  how dare you claim that you 're more efficient in something than our great people . 
  i do not believe you . 
  we shall attend this demo . 
   the peace is signed by the leaders but it is just a post, 
  did you just say that the treaty does n't mean anything ? 
  because that 's what it looks like to me . 
  perhaps one of the servants ? 
  except that they declared war after you . 
  i thought the great pengu made the servants themselves so that no one on the sub would have to be sacrificed ? 
  yeah it 's pretty much wide or die . 
  what if they 're not pengi ? 
  they 're artificial , that 's for sure . 
  no one outside of the submarine knows of pengu 's existence and nobody here has suddenly disappeared . 
  for a second i got confused because i thought you were talking to me :p, 
  / u/limerickarcher this is the most ridiculous use of automod i 've ever seen . 
  imagine all the sparks and oil splatters though . 
  besides , a robot neck is harder than a human neck , splitting one of 'em would be much more of an achievement . 
  nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ~, 
  central america probably . 
  it is ? 
  they have n't taught that to us in ( mandatory ^ ^ grumble ^ ^ grumble ) swedish ... 
  or maybe they have and i just did n't listen . 
  damn, 
  oh you mean like a name name . 
  i thought it was like a word for girls/women in general . 
  * loud snort *, 
  yeah . 
  christmas , am i right ? 
  mrenderghast = pope confirmed, 
  i meant * the * pope , not the dope pope .
