  the climate became warmer , melting the icy oceans and the huge glacier covering the continents . 
  dependent on the cold , disaster struck the penguinial populace , with almost everyone dying and the rest fleeing to the remaining glacier close to the southern pole . 
  new kinds of flora and fauna started to roam elsewhere . 
  in the following millennia , the penguins ' intelligence dropped and conciousness vanished . 
  they became like any other bird . 
  the only relic of their greatness were the ruins of their once mighty cities . 
  however . 
  a small colony of pengi remained , in one of these incredible showcasings of penginial technology , from now on referred to as a submarine . 
  pengu noticed this , and decided to descend among these mortals to allow them to preserve their wisdom . 
  life on the submarine was quite boring . 
  same routines everyday , same activities everyday . 
  the colony started to look forward to all kinds of emergencies , the only spice of their life . 
  pengu grew ever worried , he had started to think of the pengi as his children . 
  and well , he did n't want them to commit suicide . 
  thus he gifted them with immortality , forcing them to stay alive . 
  the colonials did n't like this at all . 
  on the edge of revolt , pengu realized that with his divine powers he could bestow them with activities himself . 
  he came up with an idea : creating a new race of fauna , almost as advanced as the pengi were in their might and observing their trek through time . 
  they would n't be conscious though , because every once in a while the pengi would interfere and tell them what they need to do . 
  pengu gave thirteen of his dearest friends the task of setting everything up . 
  limerick archer was given the challenging task of setting up a way of observing the world and dealing with all kinds of backend issues . 
  he would also become the link between pengu and the other pengi ; as the project went on , the deity grew more distant from the colony . 
  proletariat cossack was the brainstormer , constantly coming up with new ideas and rules to this new activity . 
  he was quite the controversial guy . 
  a penguin who everyone called a lunatic then took these ideas and made them into a form that the others could understand . 
  fan attic ( his friends call him `` aq '' for unknown reasons ) set up all kinds of communication networks to be used . 
  the chief of the group , emerald range , managed to keep everyone working hard in order to give this small group of approximately 200 penguins something to do . 
  the most difficult part was controlling the new species . 
  it was decided that the species would be divided into twelve factions , with each member of the pengi dev team taking the role of a `` leader '' : a link between the faction and the submarine . 
  these factions would compete against each other for world supremacy , and limerick would stay on the sub , running the whole game . 
  the twelve penguins then gathered their own followings within the submarine , forming teams and then dividing into the networks fan had created . 
  after everything was finished , pengu decided to interfere and create a computer simulation of how it all would turn out . 
  some teams united for a little while , leading these computer ais . 
  it was a success . 
  when the game was done , the teams returned to normal . 
  some final refinements were done , and then it was time . 
  the twelve pengi were transformed into the twelve leaders and sent to their regions of the world along with their faction : a small tribe of these new artificial species named `` humans '' . 
  some tribes independent of the control of the leaders were also created to act as buffers between the budding nations . 
  there they started building their empires . 
  the twelve leaders resided in their palace , constantly keeping in contact with the teams they lead back on the submarine and giving an occasional speech to the humans . 
  it was all going great . 
  even better than expected . 
  but the humans needed divine guidance . 
  it was then that prophets arised withing them , speaking of some `` gods '' . 
  some even started worshipping the leaders themselves . 
  the teams decided to roll with it and roleplay as if these gods were real . 
  an unofficial divine hierarchy was created with pengu as the only actual god and the human gods as their descendants . 
  the world was becoming more like what it was when the pengi ruled , with great cities emerging all over the place . 
  wars were fought and alliances made . 
  and the pengi were happy . 
  they were completely immersed in the game , going as far as thinking they were humans themselves , living in the palace alongside their leader . 
  all was well . 
  this is the story of the hybrid game . 
  because we should . 
  this sub ( and all its affiliates ) could be a major source of content for them . 
  the satellite image did n't want to work for some reason . 
  and sorry it took like a month ... 
  seriously . 
  in the last week we 've had two massive shitstorms because of the actions of single individuals . 
  i 'm not saying they 're necessarily trolling , nor am i defending said individuals . 
  ** but . 
  these shitstorms would 've been avoided so simply by just ignoring them . 
  drama like this hurts the community , nothing more . 
  if we jump on everyone who disagree with something , our rep could become ... undesirable . 
  this community is amazing and i want it to stay that way . 
  we 're all getting abstinence symptoms , but please . 
  keep your wits about you . 
  as some of you remember , few months ago , our ex-secretary-general u/billyfred42 , in his first campaign , made the concept of the hybrid game . 
  well , we 've reached the industrial era . 
  the congress has been formed . 
  now , seeing as the has its roots over here , i and the mods would see fit it was held here . 
  it would n't interfere with the cbrmwc . 
  the details could surely be worked out . 
  they are the only neutral nation considering the crisis . 
  i propose establishing an assembly which every independent nation would attend . 
  it would be hosted in south africa . 
  during this assembly we would define the borders of the northern asian states and their leaders . 
  the assembly would last however long pengu would decide . 
  ( / u/limerickarcher , what is the great deity 's response ? ), 
  [ repost because title was wrong ], 
  the eastern european empire apologizes in advance to the citizens and officials of western siberia for any bloodshed our troops may cause . 
  we would like to cancel our declaration of war but i 'm afraid it is already too late . 
  submit your ideas for rules below . 
  we will vote for them later . 
  my ideas :, 
  a nation gets their votes based on the amount of capitals they control . 
  proposals can be submitted whenever and discussed upon freely . 
  voting would be done weekly/before the next part is played , and it would be done on the proposals submitted during the period . 
  they ( or rather what 's left of them after the uprising of that filthy general , / u/yurya ( we 'll get you alright ) ) are a tributal state to us . 
  they are still independent . 
  ooc he is a cool guy and a writer . 
  he narrated a part ( 5 iirc ) of the battle royale . 
  i 'm sure he knows he is being an asshole . 
  so please , stop brigading him . 
  it wo n't do anyone any good . 
  when you need to contact our nation , contact / r/imperialismdoneright . 
  seriously . 
  as amazing and well-thought-out plan / u/yurya had , it 's somewhat bull that he makes this plan and executes it within a few hours of his previous character dying . 
  i thought a user had to stay dead for a period of time before he `` re-emerges '' ? 
  and we need better rules for plots as well .
