  including the peace deals . 
  if the deal stated french vassalage for the vandals without specifying it , then it means what it means in the rules , regardless of what you think it means . 
  unless of course you specified it , then it 's a whole another story . 
  but , uh ... brexit amirite ? 
  there was a part of peace with the republic but the kingdom was technically still at war . 
  because i sure as hell never made peace . 
  well if that 's indeed the case , i suppose i yield even though i have no clue what the fuck pie was thinking . 
  and yeah it probably will do . 
  i 'd like to narrate something, 
  and i was rudely interrupted , now i intend to finish the job . 
  actually yeah , i * already * capitulated to them so there should n't be any issue carrying out the job , would there ? 
  sure !, 
  perhaps . 
  yeah i do n't give a shit what you think . 
  you ca n't ? 
  he can . 
  it 's missing the f5 key . 
  oh right . 
  the position made think it was esc or something . 
  come and get it bitch . 
  you do n't even know where i am sucka, 
  i concider you almost as a saviour of the vandal people . 
  because fuck the french , they still wo n't get the city . 
  no matter who it is they wo n't find me . 
  do n't they have the sheikah symbol in their chests too ? 
  it 's been a few months since i last played that segment though so i might just remember wrong . 
  even better then . 
  ca n't wait to fling a hatchet/spear straight to a bokoblin 's face . 
  help yourself mummie . 
  conquer iberia to pay off debts , cross the alps and invade rome plox, 
  oooh shots fired !, 
  oh yeah , that would be my bad . 
  sorry about that . 
  then again the title spoils it pretty nicely as well , so ... 
  sorry , i could delete the post i suppose . 
  yeah . 
  have n't posted here for like months :p, 
  yup , that 's why it was such a good move . 
  not that it 's going to save persia from vietnam , but still . 
  do n't be like that , you still won silver . 
  i think that 's something worth celebrating . 
  the pau won mk1 even though they were killed by the commonwealth who ended up ruling the world . 
  genoa won mk2 because asshole traitor plotmaster kionam was awesome . 
  i would like to see consistent parts in mk4 . 
  we remember how that went last time . 
  although * maybe * this time our host will commit to doing it instead of just calling it quits ? 
  i back cossack , i think we should run a second game on the poc map . 
  that link is quite hard to find . 
  wait really ? 
  we 're finally getting an actual scenario game ? 
  hell yes . 
  and i meant the link to / r/yogsgaming . 
  i do n't visit this sub that often . 
  a few weeks before mki ended . 
  dvin ? 
  more like dyin . 
  u wot, 
  we finns are much less loud than them though . 
  we 're really quiet . 
  and also drunk . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ yes, 
  2/3 of those countries are dead, 
  one is a cripple, 
  communist pigs can not into world domination, 
  filthy inferior scandinavians will never beat glorious finland in rise in the rankings !, 
  and vikings, 
  maybe . 
  send it to me , i 'll test it out . 
  edit : actually , i think i 'll be neutral this time around . 
  you know , hosting the game and all that . 
  i assume the correct version for historical religions is 44 , as that is the newest version ? 
   implying shitposters ever have to do anything to be successful, 
  i just had a horrible nightmare . 
  in that nightmare ... 
  it was sibir who took dvin . 
  i 'm still sweating . 
  #do it, 
  when do you leave ? 
  i could try to record it for you now . 
  it would take a couple hours or so . 
  alright . 
  separate post for this would n't be a bad idea , i do n't think . 
  and i assume you wo n't mind me putting these into part 0 ? 
  dof with austria-hungary and italy . 
  all diplomatic relations will be listed in part 0 . 
  can do . 
  how about 3 ? 
  both are taken , i gave you narration for part 5 and events for 4 . 
  is this okay ? 
  god damnit, 
  eeny meeney miney moe , have three 'cause why no . 
  hello , and welcome to the first installment of the civ hybrid game 3.5 , narrated by yours truly . 
  no events this time !, 
  #coalition choices are due in 72 hours . 
  just like in the old times . 
  see [ this thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/civhybridgames/comments/4jgz8j/heres_what_up_read_this_if_youre_new_v2/ ) for more info . 
  the rules can be found in the subreddit wiki . 
  ps : when writing the uniques of the civs , i got flashbacks all the way back to planning the first game . 
  good times . 
  oh yeah , that 's a really good idea .
