  finland 's going to war today boys, 
  i 'm a barbarian, 
  it was midnight . 
  the vandal tribe sat down around the campfire they had made earlier in the evening . 
  around them were tents , made out of hides , held up by curvy wooden sticks and pegged in the ground by large pebbles . 
  `` this is a nice spot '' , said agur , one of the alpha males of the tribe . 
  he and the other two alphas looked quite similar to the rest of the tribe ; they wore nothing but loinclothes and bone necklaces , the sign of higher stature in the tribe . 
  some of the other tribal members nodded . 
  `` it could be better , '' one of the other tribal members pointed out . 
  gruntling from the other side of the camp . 
  `` this place is horrible . 
  we 'll move on first thing in the morning . '', 
  agur 's symphatizers started shouting to the other side of the camp . 
  `` is that how it is ? '', 
  shouted agur . 
  the camp got silent . 
  `` i challenge you two ... to a battle to the death !, 
  the winner can take over the tribe and do whatever it wants with them . '', 
  all hell broke loose . 
  the tribe started loudly quarreling , even within their respective groups . 
  `` fine . '', 
  the other two stood on the field next to the camp , armed with clubs . 
  agur reached for his , but ... 
  it was gone ? 
  one of the other bastards had stolen it !, 
  `` looks like i have to do without one then , '' agur thought . 
  he grabbed two pieces of wood from the ground and tied them to his arms with rope . 
  then he walked to the field and took an agressive battle stance . 
  `` come at me . '', 
  both of the other two went straight for agur . 
  however , when they swung their clubs at him , he counterswung and the impact was so hard , the stone spikes embedded in the clubs got stuck in the old wood . 
  at that moment he pulled his hands back and thus disarmed his opponents . 
  then he beat their faces in . 
  he was victorious . 
  `` alright people , this is the place where we will found the vandal village !, 
  the land around here is very fertile ; we will cultivate it and grow . 
  then , we shall conquer the lands around us and rule the world ! '', 
  the tribe shouted in unison :, 
  `` all hail chief agur ! '', 
  `` you two !, 
  gunthor and reformer !, 
  get over here !, 
  you will help me . '', 
  `` yes , chief . '', 
  `` good . 
  alright everyone . 
  let 's go to sleep , and tomorrow , we will get to work ! '', 
  few were able to sleep that night . 
  the camp was full of anticipation . 
  okay so i had this idea , that we 'd have a metric shit ton of citystates . 
  so much , that the best way to expand is not by settling , but by conquering css . 
  basically most of the map is citystates . 
  also , this would mean that there would be other ways to add a cs to one 's empire than conquering it militarily . 
  and allying a citystate would be different . 
  this would , in my opinion , make the early game a lot more fun and also more realistic . 
  it would require quite a lot of setting up however . 
  thoughts ? 
  okay , so i 'm chief agur , but what about you two ? 
  / r/thyreformer / u/yurya, 
  if you wan na swing at me , then swing at me , i have files on top of files to swing back at . 
  fuck the police :3, 
  game 1 flairs are now gone . 
  ~ ~ the commonwealth american territories flair is still there though . ~ ~, 
  edit : they 're back !, 
  please keep the rp true to ig . 
  right now every faction has one village with 1,000 pop and we 've just learned how to cultivate crops . 
  so if people could please be patient and wait until the game progresses and evolve their rp as they go , i 'd at least appreciate it . 
  i think you might find it fun too . 
  not saying the few rp stories we 've had are bad , they just do n't line up with what 's going ig . 
  disagree if you so desire , this is just my opinion and i thought i 'd put it out here in case others agree . 
  thanks , 
  the year was 4900 bce . 
  the dynasty of chief agur ( who had become known in later times as agur i ) had been ruling for the first 600 years of the vandalic chiefdom . 
  during that time , they had conquered their neighbouring tribes and annexed two larger villages from them . 
  their newest expansion to leptus magna was quite recent , but hippo regius , which they had conquered 90 years after the establishment of their capital , had grown to a sprawling town not much smaller than carthago nova itself . 
  they had also discovered new inventions during that time , such as pottery , which allowed for faster growth of their villages and towns , the bow and arrow , which they had used successfully in war against their neighbours , and their latest invention , the sail , which allowed their ships to cover greater distances than ever before . 
  these developments had made them the most powerful state on iberia . 
  however , with great power comes great responsibilities . 
  the chiefdom fast learned of new , far greater foes : large city-states controlling vast streches of land , and france . 
  a kingdom that rivalled even the chiefdom in power and size . 
  on that year , 4900 bce , chief agur ix , the last chief of the agurian dynasty , was overthrown by one of his own advisors , gunthor ( that 's / u/yurya for all you plebs out there ) . 
  a new dynasty of chiefs had arisen to power , who were more than ready to lead the vandals to greatness ... 
  i just visited old fritz 's holiday cottage and [ guest house ] ( http://i.imgur.com/03oeusi.jpg ) today . 
  this is why ee  we, 
  chief anric walked into the greater chief gunthor 's hall . 
  `` what news do you bring to me , servant ? '', 
  `` it 's over gunthor . '', 
  '' ... what the hell are you talking about ? '', 
  `` your `` expetition '' across the sea was a disaster . 
  hyrid 's cousin came back !, 
  how is that even possible !? '', 
  `` uhh ... '', 
  `` and your war against madrid was an utter failure . 
  what were you thinking when you accepted their pleas to peace ? 
  we had the city !, 
  and now that i think about it , yes . 
  i have news . 
  i went due north , spying on the neighbouring tribes for new land for the chiefdom , and guess what i found ? 
  the fucking french . 
  while you and your fathers have done nothing for the past 5,000 years , the french have laid their filthy hands on land that is ours . '',
