  do n't worry . 
  yay . . !, 
  i * think * i know what 's going on now ... at least the partition makes sense for me now . 
  i thought i deleted this one ... 
  because this is such a big deal that i feel it can not be held in our wip congress that not many people have found yet . 
  i would n't call it `` solved '' though . 
  but we have n't really even set it up yet . 
  also it 's hosted in paris , which is a coalitian capital . 
  yeah i really do n't know why it has to be held in a separate sub either . 
  defining the new nations , their borders and leaders and establishing international laws considering the merging of nations . 
  i do n't know if we really need a separate sub for the voting though ... 
  depends how many resolutions we 'll have . 
  well they would be decided in the assembly , as the congress wo n't really suffice in its current state . 
  i guess so . 
  we have set up nothing but the subreddit , the congress itself is still a wip . 
  this is n't the assembly . 
  the one that this very post says that south africa will host that will solve the nasian matters . 
  we could but some kinds of rules and systems need to be established first . 
  oh there 's * a lot * more to the story . 
  i mean that . 
  have n't played shovel knight but have played undertale and i definitely recommend it . 
  and your location would be better than south africa , because ... 
  the latter 's the idea . 
  paris is the perfect place to host the congress . 
  wait so typing ping summons the three of you ? 
  ... what ? 
  sickles said that all voting could be held here . 
  and future discussions can be held there , i just feel like this is such an important matter that the congress , which i feel is like an unfurnished house at this point , wo n't be good enough and having this here will attract more people , which is pretty crucial . 
  for nas and for , well , us . 
  dunno , but we can discuss it in the assembly , 
  why just you three ? 
  is it for sorting ou this mess ? 
  vote and discuss here in general or the crisis particularly ? 
  in this sub , but rp wise it would be hosted by saf ( they would make the thread for example ), 
  i 'm honestly fine with all of the options . 
  why not all mods ? 
  was n't me actually :p, 
  although that is pretty funny . 
  errr ... 
  i think so ? 
  damn i 'm really intrigued by what nas will look like . 
  what i would also hope from this naca is to establish international laws considering merging as none have been rationalized yet . 
  / u/limerickarcher it is not yet too late , is it ? 
  followed by the grand culling 3 : epileptic boogaloo . 
  soon \u2122, 
  how long until we can expect the new part ? 
  nothing 's stopping you from making them yourselves , as long as you make sure the mods are aware . 
  you 're not alone ... 
  awesome . 
  sorry for possibly murdering thousands of people . 
  well that depends on how you define a `` computer '' though . 
  christmas . 
  hey check it out guys , it 's a talking chicken !, 
  damn you . . !, 
  stop this nonsense right away or else we will have to punish you !, 
  shame that you 're one of our finest generals so we will have to spare you ... 
  well we are friendly with sibir , but if kekkonen plays his cards right , we could take that superpower status off of them . 
  very much so . 
  true , but that would still leave a superpower on our doorstep . 
  for some reason though i feel like the ai wo n't do anything ... 
  certainly . 
  our current method uses way too much ammunition . 
  that steam cache glitch fortnight was some creepy stuff . 
  the r/steam panic was a great read though , being so lucky not to be involved . 
  i 'm not sick . 
  and to think i were browsing the sale that day ... 
  if i did it just a few hours later , the cache would 've had my info there , too . 
  honestly , i would 've internally freaked out if i experienced that . 
  whoa !, 
  i mean , not mentioning irrelevant civs is a serious crime , but is n't that going * a bit * too far ? 
  i like how there 's so many references most of them are completely irrelevant to the plot . 
  i love it !, 
  wsib ? 
  but what if best religion was irrelevant ? 
  it is though . 
  yeah and the jews are still more relevant . 
  says a lot about it . 
  i 'm not totally sure that is how it works . 
  thank you !, 
  this is the solution i 've been looking for , i was thinking of reinstalling the game but that would completely wipe out the existing timeline . 
  well then , i wo n't argue with the party pope . 
  permission to rank a member must be asked * beforehand * . 
  what the hell , sign me up . 
  wait for what ? 
  it 's not going to ... they 're our vassal ... 
  hmmmm ... maybe . . ? 
  i 've done like one fictional story in english in my whole life . 
  1 ) getting to the best high school in the city, 
  2 ) restarting the war room ( i finally got my motivation back yesterday but family ruined it for me almost instantly ), 
  edit : 3 ) getting a depressed friend of mine out of said depression, 
  thanks !, 
  that means surprisingly lot to me ... 
  the unition is equal , but we will use we for gameplay purposes . 
  hey psst there 's new ppl doing the war room now ( mostly me and i 'm out of motivation and it is n't going anywhere ) and they could use help , 
  either you contacted the old team or i completely missed your comment , which i truly apologize if the case was so . 
  i 'm not alone !, 
  our educational system has completely ruined my enjoyment of the forementioned language ; ~ ;, 
  ouch !, 
  * cough cough * copycats * cough *, 
  well i guess this was to be expected ...
