  also i 'm still waiting for someone to cripple yakutia so you can join the civ that you should be cheering for . 
  could you please keep this at r/cbrbattleroyale ? 
  almost . 
  it 's good that it 's on youtube because there 's a pause function . 
  thanks for the free city by the way . 
  well yeah . 
  but that 's probably not enough . 
  sadly yes ... 
  are n't we already posting the new parts there ? 
  genius . 
  i think it 's because there is n't much to write it on , i feel like much of the oc in the br comes from the narration ( polish scout for example ) and some from the game itself ( and tbh nothing has really happened in the game yet ), 
  but why though . . ? 
  it is n't friday really ... 
  that 's different , i do n't know what the correct term of it is but it 's the same as ` finns ' . 
  we would really like to be peaceful as well , but there really is n't a peaceful version apart from the one that * forces * us to be peaceful which is not good at all . 
  mk ii does n't have livestreams anymore . 
  tpang has a streamtip though , and that 's where the donations go . 
  ouch . 
  yes . 
  the first one was amazing . 
  i feel like this is an accurate representation of how i was like as zeus . 
  initial reason was that cossack did n't want people to spy on us . 
  we decided to keep it private after the poc because we do n't want cossack ( and others ) to spy on us . 
  it 's pretty ironic actually . 
  actually , theodora is queen . 
  the simon doctrine only speaks of war . 
  not settlement . 
  and if someone has something to say against this ... 
  #they will die . 
  no , i believe not . 
  and we have open borders with them , making our uu stronger . 
  the simon doctrine does n't speak of borders . 
  yes , i would . 
  no land can be preclaimed as our settlers do n't seem to properly follow orders . 
  sikhism seems to be a good religion , and as such i am up for this . 
  however our queen , u/thyreformer , is the one who can decide . 
  also if we make it the official religion , it wont mean that we will persecute those who might practice something else . 
  we will encourage sikhism however . 
  finland supports this act . 
  nvm , the last time i checked their steam page was a year ago , and back then it said `` friendly territory '' , and that sometimes means just foreign territory with open borders . 
  i just checked again and it said dof . 
  my bad . 
  it was originally cossack 's idea but the idea stayed because we wanted to keep him out . 
  they 're not following cossack . 
  * if * they 're following anybdy then it 's our kingdom . 
  without any notice ... 
  the war room is coming back someday i swear ; ~ ;, 
  just like ee ... 
  oh my god . 
  maybe it 's because of us ? 
   high-level talks are held in paris , but collapse over sovereignity issues, 
  i sense a nod to some current irl affairs here ... 
  you know you 've found a good community when you can make a reference to an obscure subculture in a sub about a slightly less obscure subculture ... with another finn . 
  i mean fucking hell , u/zalminen lives like five kilometers away from me . 
  proletariat obviously ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  i had to . 
  it 's so good i do n't even play games that much anymore . 
  jesus i just realized that i have n't touched the pc since sunday ... 
  english has become like second nature for me in the internet , i only speak finnish with my irl friends over whatsapp and even that goes to english half the time . 
  i love what you did with our relations with cas . 
  i agree even if it 's hypocritical coming from you . 
  mad wicked sick bank . 
  and the title should say `` a letter '' ... 
  i , for one , appreciate that you liberated suez . 
  surely our queen , u/thyreformer agrees . 
  why were we at war with helsinki ? 
  i thought ai wars would be stopped . 
  you fought quite valiantly . 
  let us hope that our friends keep your culture intact . 
  he fixed it . 
  also i 'm not sure if we 've announced this but we rotate the roles in our court so u/thyreformer is our queen currently . 
  quite a lot , yeah . 
  but you did capture them multiple times this part though . 
  thank the westerners for liberating it so we do n't have to take action . 
  and in case somebody gets any ideas , it 's because you get annoyed of it  _  . 
  i want to , but instead i 'm going to our holiday house ; heating has n't been on for weeks and runiing water 's been cut off for the winter . 
  and the internet there is hideous . 
  i want to be , but i 'm quite skeptical . 
  reformer pls, 
  it 's fine ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  i 'm always resiliant to choose eastern europe as my region , geologically we 're in the east yes but our culture is such a hybrid it 's hard to decide sometimes . 
  well their fault then lol rip, 
  what 's pau ? 
  be flair ? 
  f for respects then i guess . 
  nice flame . 
  it was because they you allied with them and forced them to declare war , actually . 
  you monster . 
  it 's not our fault when you started it though . 
  you forced them to declare war on us . 
  we , the glorious eastern european empire , liberated them from your evil tyrannial grasp . 
  yes , i 'm sure that they are glad that you bribed them to declare war . 
  how did you get them to ally with you then ? 
  promised them a great future as the colony of jerusalem ? 
  close to the end , i believe . 
  `` this is not specifically important , but if a foreign civilization were to settle a city in the americas , they do not count as an american civilization . 
  the nazca , the aztecs , and the americans are the only american civilizations . '', 
  it 's right after article 3 . 
  right there . 
  * `` if a foreign civilization were to settle a city in the americas , they do not count as an american civilization .
