  too bad your life wo n't last long . 
  he said that jorvik is razed which can not even be done . 
  did he say anything about the spqr razing jorvik ? 
  not really , friend . 
  currently discussing it with the other * citizens of the spqr * . 
  yeah sure . 
  we 'd still kick your ass , because we do n't take 200 years to capture a city . 
  it is . 
  if complete kills are off , then a civ without a city can only exist with a settler . 
  which is destroyed in the beginning . 
  that 's not my problem , my problem are the civs without capitals ( sioux and byzantine for example ) . 
  if they do n't have the capital , why would anyone attack them ? 
  instead , they 're just left there . 
  being irrelevant . 
  forever . 
  he wanted for the both of us to delete the chain . 
  filipino delegate killed , right ? 
  yeah it is . 
  rest her soul . 
  it 's perfect . 
  god damnit ross ... 
  holy crap . 
  amazing . 
  tl ; dr might be a good idea for some people . 
  germany did , but that was pretty much immidiately after it was taken . 
  cases like the byzantium that have done nothing just been there for millennia irritate me for some reason . 
  but again , maybe that 's me . 
  welcome to the pre-takedown club !, 
  i hope you enjoy your stay as it will be brief . 
  maybe it was meant as a joke ? 
  ^ ^ i ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ know ... 
  i 'm pretty sure the settler was captured . 
  open borders at least . 
  and i could be utterly wrong , but does n't a settler show in the stats as pop ? 
  huh . 
  that 's cool . 
  chapter 1 : the end, 
  i remove / layout and everything that comes after it and change it to / all . 
  then i click fullscreen in the right of the page . 
  i mean , it 's not impossible ... 
  yea , we need a bit of a reform in here . 
  it 's funny because you lot are commies . 
  i must know ; where does the yin & yang symbol originate from ? 
  in game , i mean . 
  yeah i at least am . 
  i mean most have changed back by now . 
  we broke 100 guys !, 
  truth hurts . 
  oh yeah , it 's the civ as well . 
  forgot about that . 
  my nitpicking has failed me . 
  spot on . 
  no it 's not , it 's really hairy ... 
  i 've seen many things . 
  respects to the citizens of orenburg can be paid here . 
  good freaking question , i 'm a mod and i have n't a clue . 
  i think it 's because carthage * had * shitty tech , but they seem to have caught up and some people might not have digested the fact yet . 
  i was seven . 
  played rome probably because i knew of them . 
  did n't have a clue what i was doing , just built cottages everywhere because they looked nice . 
  he narrated an installment of the hybrid game , and let 's just say that i was surprised . 
  he did n't give an introduction or anything . 
  we just discussed it in modmail . 
  well , the surprise was positive . 
  i will fight for our rightful king the t until the end of time . 
  we did n't make peace with you the second time though . 
  do n't know what that was about . 
  seems about right . 
  do i need to create my own or can i join an existing one ? 
  house : attic and title aq , i guess . 
  long live the king !, 
  or something like that , i 'm still really confused ... 
   hear that aq ? 
  someone built a statue of you . 
  i ca n't tell you how happy that made me , u/lordfowl . 
  ooc the romans executed people all the time . 
  as the great musician thelonelyisland once said :, 
  `` welcome to the real world , jackass ! '', 
  fyi the link 's broken . 
  gives me a 404 . 
  very . 
  but it 's imgur , so ... 
  if we strike at the perfect time we could weaken sibir decisively . 
  i hope that happens . 
  it 'll be completely covered in nuclear fallout . 
  we do n't have anything . 
  zero . 
   when did i rebel ? 
  \\ #justhybridgamethings, 
  only tpang knows ... probably, 
  well i did n't know that . 
  i suppose that 's the case with civ i as well ? 
  yes , but that means i can get every game until v . now that be : rt is out i guess i could get that in the christmas sale too . 
  then i have every civ ever !, 
  i know that but if it 's abandonware i do n't need to feel guilty about it :p, 
  yeah it 's a whole different situation over there , is n't it ? 
  i think that 's coming out tomorrow . . ? 
  not us because you 'd be dead already if that 's the case . 
  it 's two for the choices and one for making the parts i think . 
  maybe not kill , but we would drive you out of scandinavia .
