  europe flips prague in the last slide . 
  * wipes brow *, 
  it is somewhat late for that , the americans are pretty much gone from afro-eurasia . 
  also , i love the comeback you made . 
  after / u/yurya 's attack , you had like what , two or three cities left ? 
  and look at you now , you 're the liberator of asia :d, 
  and also , you wo n't have to merge with us because it 's now impossible !, 
  with us attacking pau , the chances of them invading are next to none . 
  or else they might pull another quebec . 
  limerick disallowed mergers , did n't he ? 
  anyway , the commonwealth of greater europe and africa recognizes the independence of the elc ( unless / u/thyreformer disagrees of course ) . 
  i doubt such negotiations will take place , honestly . 
  unless they are ready to surrender . 
  we will play with them for the time being though . 
  could be , but that was covered in the pau 's actions anyway . 
  lol what claim ? 
  fun fact : aku is also a finnish name . 
  i have that name . 
  this is really confusing . 
  i have not heard of this relation . 
  you learn something new every day . 
  that 's ... 
  interesting . 
  people keep comparing this to gta . 
  you know why gta is a lot different than yandere sim ? 
  gta makes craploads of money . 
  no , my point is it 's completely pointless to compare some minor indie game to gta ; we all know twitch is n't going to ban gta because it 's one of the most popular games of this decade and gives twitch views and money . 
  that 's * way * too extreme . 
  maybe i 'm the only one , but i 'm not really one for emojis outside of casual chat with my irl friends and / r/circlejerk . 
  maybe like half penguin and half civ icon/polandball or something ? 
  i also need to make the thumbnail red ... 
  but that 's gon na involve messing with the spritesheet so it 's gon na have to wait . 
  i 'll at least color the flairs . 
  also i enabled the modpost tag . 
  it 's cool . 
  excellent point . 
  what about a penguinified snoovatar ? 
  it would be just that . 
  like a white penguin face with the antenna and red eyes . 
  and i , apparently . 
  i 'm alive i think . 
  [ too bad . ], 
  that 's what will happen in europe . 
  but i highly doubt that , say , the pau will stay in peace forever . 
  when that happens , i would imagine you 're first . 
  you 're gon na have to try a lot harder than execute some gamey-ass plot to take us out . 
  glory to the glorious nation of europa !, 
  we 've been through some rough times . 
  we , as a community , survived . 
  and now ... 
  the hype train leaves the station once again !, 
  choo choo you motherfucking great people !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  welcome back !, 
  yeah there 's this guy too . 
  makes a big difference , does n't it ? 
  i know . 
  it was sarcasm . 
  in time . 
  oh snap , shit 's about to get real !, 
  ( i agree though , i do n't really mind them ( except when someone spams hundreds of them at once ) but they 're not funny either ), 
  did n't 11:59 pm aest go by already ? 
  or is it 11:59 pm today ( tomorrow ) ? 
  yup . 
  posting on midnight has its downsides . 
  part 33 is coming soon , so ... hooray ? 
  yay :d, 
  * maniacal laughter *, 
  ( that 's how you spell it , innit ? ), 
  xcoms exist in game though . 
  emps do n't . 
  so you ca n't make them up on the fly . 
  too op pls nerf siberia should burn, 
  this . 
  let 's finish the first one first , yeah ? 
  i think the winners of mk i should make a post and declare themselves the winners and get their bragging rights and then officially start game 2 , and that 's when coalitions can be formed and joined into . 
  yeah . 
  i really do n't like it when somebody ca n't play the violin . 
  burn the infidel !, 
  yes , but said plots or events do not pull new mechanics out of their arse . 
  childhood ruined, 
  you should pick finland , you would n't have to move an inch . 
  is n't that convenient ? 
  also we 're cool and underdogs and all that . 
  we have climbed the most from part 0 though , making us bigger underdogs . 
  hype level critical !, 
  fire !, 
  riot !!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  yeah , only two eliminations . 
  i do n't know what that was about . 
  2 weeks . 
  no more . 
  ftfy, 
  the emp was supposedly detonated * above * the pau but it did n't affect them at all because they had apparently hardened all of their units * and * cities . 
  which i find quite unlikely given that they were in a state of war and they had limited resources . 
  also what it means was part of the question . 
  so thanks for the explanation . 
  the map will probably change still , so ... 
  i can cash the rights in right now , if you want . 
  oh hey , your tag changed too ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  well they 're only for mods but we have way too many mods and thyreformer did n't know they 're only for mods because we have so many mods and he asked us on modchat and so we kind of gave it to him even though he really should n't have,
