  agreed . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ madrid, 
  257 views tho , just add an ad for the sub and we 're all set, 
  i 'm gon na go ahead an -, 
  well met !, 
  may good fortune and happiness be blessed upon you on this wondrous day . 
  did you just make an rp post about discovering pi and naming it something stupid while not having discovered mathematics ig ? 
  i love it !, 
  seriously though , great writing as always . 
  said stats are also shown in the ige tab where you can mod diplo stuff , and you do n't need to refresh , 
  / u/canadian _ christian, 
  we 've got winged hussars , soooooooo ... 
  jet khans ca n't melt steel hussars, 
  beaten by hussars whatever it is . 
  also you 're on the other side of the world . 
  but you see , glorious winged polska hussar is best hussar , so your statement does not make sense . 
  it 's messy as fuck though . 
  except constantinople, 
  could you show what the events choices do next time ? 
  keep up the better work . 
  / u/megaashinx1 / u/nb -21 / u/twinofsparta, 
  i think 1 or 4 . 
  we still do n't have maths . 
   if it starts taking a week , then i think we 're given the right to ask what 's going on . 
  * leaves room quietly *, 
  and the stats sheet also had units costs ; i had no idea about carlsguides.com , will have to check it out . 
  i know , that 's why the website will come in handy . 
  since i did last part i suppose i can do the fridays as well , 
  but my liege , we 're broke as fuck !, 
  fool me twice , how could you ? 
  we have n't met yet . 
  at least we have n't you , judging by the minimap . 
  neither of us have discovered any territory nor have established embassies , looking at the minimap . 
  imo i think we should begin diplomacy when the embassy is founded ig . 
  right now we 've heard rumors of each other . 
  also paging / u/megaashinx1 for confirmation . 
  have we officially though ? 
  besides , no one else has flairs here anyway :p, 
  the irony is real , i suppose it makes sense they repealed it . 
  moving settlers has been used in the past , too . 
  it 's almost at 100k now . 
  i very , very highly doubt it . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ get ^ ^ ^ ^ it ? 
  ( i do n't know what luxuries we have ), 
  i tried but am on tiny mobile kurwa . 
  atom is central american , right ? 
  mooooooooooooooooonnnnnnn !, 
  i mean ig , but that too . 
  aww look / u/mrklonam , it thinks it has power . 
  that 's cute . 
  you do realize that us , who you call `` rebels '' are now in control of poland , right ? 
  i have faith that now that / u/nb -21 has the throne , he 'll reunify the country shortly . 
  since he 's the only one alive . 
  and i highly doubt he 'll take kindly to those who killed his compatriots , especially after they asked for assistance . 
  tfw the wetworks do n't even have accountancy, 
  tfw i killed by people without accountancy, 
  feels bad man, 
  but i didnt kill you tho, 
  oh right you meant mega , i thought you meant me, 
  even though i helped him start it , i was aware i could die, 
  it 's called rp and fun , you should try it sometime , 
  welcome back though, 
  holy shet, 
  you know we are n't to blame , so why make an angry post blaming us ? 
  you blamed my country , thus in extension you blamed me . 
  it was a gm error we did n't want to merge with moscow do i seriously have to make a separate post about this, 
  besides i said `` us '' , not `` me '' . 
  yeah . 
  although you are making us look like the bad guys , but it 'll be resolved in the end anyway so oh well . 
  we would 've reunited anyway , so stop crying about it . 
  and is this thread not about moscow ? 
  i 'm a finnish immigrant . 
  secular ? 
  catholic then , since if you 're sakerti then catholics are persecuted or something like that, 
  edit : nvm i 'll be sakerti instead, 
  wait what, 
  the sejm did * not * approve this . 
  did i say it is ? 
  you asked me about it , actually . 
  and it was more directed to cossack , since this is his rp :p, 
  i 'm glad you noticed ;d, 
  it 's the early bce times it 's not like gay meant happy or anything back then . 
  well tbh the english language did n't exist back then buuuut you know how it is . 
  dude this is so roman . 
  inb4 everyone starts looking for their own good , civil war happens , thy wins civil war , no one opposes him so becomes dictator , is killed , then there 's a second civil war , his adopted son wins , proclaims divine power , republic dissolves, 
  perhaps not right now , but the marian reforms , which have quite a bit in common with yours , were one of the factors why the republic collapsed . 
  and they happened around 100 bc . 
  u just fkn wot m8, 
  it 's because the image is so high quality, 
  you * did * notice the flair in my post , right ? 
  cuz i know that 's what this is about . 
  mega did actually . 
  which is the definition of irony . 
  welcome . 
  i 'm changing characters from petrov to augustyn . 
  do n't you just love it when another player is making rp about your character ? 
  na i killed myself we talked this through yesterday, 
  you ai n't got no cities mang, 
  you * fled *, 
  so you flee your country across the atlantic and expect you to have control over said country when there 's an enemy army knocking on your doorstep,
