  portugal !, 
  do at least some shit !, 
  if it were n't for you , mediterranian would be somewhat interesting . 
  probably 'cause they 're irrelevant as all hell, 
  caps the fuck up loser, 
  caps lock motherfucker do you speak it ? 
  and where the fuck is your jingoism, 
  yeah but the east though, 
  you smashed your enemies ? 
  do you mean you took a couple irrelevant sioux cities in the arctic that even the inuit did n't want ? 
  flair the fuck up you racist scum, 
   oh , i must be polite to those who respond . 
  public service announcments go in caps , but we are all civilized people here . 
  thank you . 
  sorry that we dragged you into this , i hope you can recover and kick some hunnic butt together with us on the front !, 
  hey good work guys , you 're really good at cards . 
  sorry man . 
  get well soon , friend !, 
  yeah !, 
  flair up maggot, 
  welcome aboard , 
  i guess , but are n't we changing the civs ? 
  well there 's been some reworking on the regions themselves , so i do n't think the old civ choices are very valid anymore . 
  sure , i was just wondering if we 'll use the civ icons or make our own . 
  to be exact , a very little minority had the right to vote in athens . 
  but they did have more priviledges than people in democratic countries today . 
  wait what 's going on here ? 
  there was even more rules than that . 
  holy shit that 's op . 
  we 're now officially penguins !, 
  does anyone have a pen ? 
  i need to sign this . 
  too long ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  thank you . 
  ( writes signature ), 
  iceland * , 
  yes and i laughed for two minutes straight , it was the best joke . 
  this . 
  if we wanted to advertise now it 'd be like `` yeah we do n't have a clue where this is going either , but hey join us to see the answer '' which is n't very good pr imo . 
  so how often will you publish new issues ? 
  maybe also wait changing the up - and downvote icons until the release of the next part ? 
  of course . 
  awesome . 
  a good rundown even for those familiar with this ( i.e. 
  the republic [ meta : ? ], 
  of finland approves of this gesture and offers its help in maintaining it should you ever need it . 
  welcome . 
  i hope we will get along and work together well . 
  as a welcoming gift i offer you this bag of the fabled finnish delicacy , salmiakki . 
  hopefully it is n't too strong for your tastes . 
  the warmest of welcomes !, 
  would you like a taste of m\u00e4mmi , one of our many delicacies [ ooc : it tastes like shit and i hate it ] ? 
  sounds great !, 
  cultural globalization is something we all should reinforce . 
  well , there 's new parts coming out every wednesday and sunday at 11:59 aest ( which is in ten minutes !! ) . 
  then there 's the power rankings , where a team of people rank the civs according to how well they 're doing . 
  they come out usually the same day that the following part comes out . 
  one place you really want to check out are the megathreads , which have links to pretty much everything ( parts , rankings , maps etc ) . 
  it 's stickied in the front . 
  that should get you started , 
  england definitely . 
  i could try # 2 and have a pretty good idea about what 's gon na happen already . 
  not to worry , mateys , the landlubber still does n't stand a chance . 
  remember , racist = / = stereotypical . 
  loooool, 
  999,999 millionths to go let 's do this \\ #roadtoworlddomination, 
  hashtags belong to twitter . 
  how many choices do we want per region ? 
  finland agrees but feels a ban is too extreme . 
  alright . 
  i mean it would be best to make our own civs for more general uniques but i doubt there 's nobody here with the time or skills to do that . 
   federal republic of finland, 
  we went for patronage ? 
  noooooooooooooooo, 
  shots fired , holy shit !, 
  romans do n't kill jesus , crosses kill jesus, 
  yes and if an enemy unit is occupying a tile it has no yield . 
  ^ ^ me ^ ^ neither ^ ^ honestly , ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ just ^ ^ familiar ^ ^ with ^ ^ the ^ ^ mechanics ... 
  how fucking dare you refer irl history here ... 
  wow . 
  i. . . holy shit . 
  what party are you part of again ? 
  and how is that party contributing to the congress ? 
  i 'm not talking about the individuals in your party , i 'm talking about the party in itself . 
  what 's the point ? 
  are you saying that the delegates should still represent their ** nonexistent ** civs ? 
  this congress is based on the un . 
  does it have parties ? 
  but they 're not official parties still . 
  tibet is autonomous . 
  again , how do the parties here contribute to democracy ? 
  they do n't even do anything apart from the occasional meeting by the socialists , which , well , does n't do much . 
  i do n't really care if they exist irl or not , they do n't serve a purpose here . 
  check out my response to emeraldrange above . 
  and you 're saying that the spartan government preserved the roman one ? 
  i highly doubt it . 
  they might have the administrations but who do the delegates represent ? 
  prm : u/proletariatcossack, 
  yes , they are for now .
