  wait , what ? 
  so you did n't actually want to wage war with us ? 
  ech , it was a shite city anyways, 
  yeh, 
  who 's gon na take them mate ? 
  the french ? 
  they 're all dead . 
  wan na know why ? 
  cuz we killed 'em, 
  he wo n't be roleplaying as anything for the cooldown , he 's dead . 
  right now , regency is pretty much your only option . 
  unless serenade takes the throne . 
  fuck the french . 
  dear god no . 
  i died because you say so ? 
  mate i do n't think that 's how it works mate . 
  oh , right . 
  i think . 
  more like did n't read your actions properly because do n't care enough . 
  as a mod , i disapprove of your approval ; however i approve of this post . 
  ... just do n't ask . 
  as a mod , i disapprove of your approval ; however i approve of this post . 
  ... just do n't ask . 
  and joining someone else is the second last . 
  king agur was staring at the fireplace in his bed chamber . 
  fire was the only thing that could relax him ; to be quite honest , the situation seemed ... hopeless . 
  the king did n't see many options out of this situation , apart from death of course . 
  `` your highness ... you have a letter . '', 
  the royal mailman had appeared at the door . 
  `` thank you . 
  i 'd like to read it in private , please . '', 
  `` of course , my liege . '', 
  he opened the letter . 
  * to his highness king agur v *, 
  * my king , i have some grim news . 
  * arid is dead . 
  * we took his son , riyad , under our care and he has shown willingess to join our cause . 
  according to him , it was arid 's last wish . 
  * the situation at regius is looking dire . 
  i fear for the worst for our kingdom . 
  * and if it comes to that ... *, 
  * you know where to find us . 
  * and remember ... *, 
  * what is vandal may never die . 
  the king took a long sigh and put the letter to his pocket . 
  `` arid ... 
  if you can hear this : i will avenge you , my friend . '', 
  `` no matter what it takes . '', 
  he turned back to the fireplace , the flame gleaming in his eyes . 
  you 'll see . 
  and hear . 
  and feel . 
  and taste . 
  and smell . 
  did n't bangladesh have an exclave in an indian exclave that was in a bangladeshi exclave that was in an indian exclave in bangladesh or something ? 
  how can we take lessons from you when you never write anything ? 
  checkmate bitch, 
  you fuckers will never kill me , i 'm going to bring you hell . 
  insulting us does n't count though . 
  also thy dying and you dying are not the same thing , thy killed his character off while you died due to a plot . 
  and we do n't even know who thy is . 
  if you did n't notice , thy made his post killing arid off before the part came out . 
  and we do n't know that for sure . 
  thy 's flair says '' ??? 
  why would you , there 's nothing to stop him . 
  yes , because that 's against the rules . 
  did n't you read the mod thread ? 
  but thy was n't killed by a plot, 
   it was also agreed in this mod thread you keep referring to that though players could legitimately kill their own characters in order to move on , it could n't serve as a way of defending against plots . 
  so we very definitely killed him . 
  oh yeah , you 're correct . 
  i yield . 
  i sure am glad this wo n't affect me . 
  ~ famous last words, 
  thy bro don do it don leave me man i don wan na be alone dude, 
  o shit son, 
  ige . 
  your move . 
  well no because those two will die and then carthage will have it . 
  * cracks knuckles *, 
  there is no one left to repulse the party , the elephants have thick skin and the arrows of the last archer were ineffective . 
  ( and you think what you did was fair ? 
  there is nothing for you to defend , nothing to take over . 
  carthage has leptus , the end . 
  you were probably executed for your uprising , while the other option was you fleeing , joining me and keeping the flame lit . ), 
  you really think the carthaginians would turn down a free city ? 
  i highly doubt it . 
  quite to the contrary actually , they were very delighted when i gave the city to them . 
  i do n't know where you 're coming from . 
  how can they even claim the city in the first place when carthage owns it ? 
  you arrived in the city when i left though . 
  so there 's hardly an opportunity for a peasant without any kind of army to take . 
  concurred, 
  you 're just making up rules now . 
  well afaik those who are part of said plan have already told the neutral mods . 
  so yeah . 
  tales of what ? 
  ah , yes . 
  the republic without land , government , or power . 
  and because the vandal kingdom gave its last city to carthage , the vandal republic has no cities .
