  at this point , you 're just annoying , so unless you want everyone to think of you as the annoying mystery man , you should stop . 
  or at least explain . 
  and the most wanted man in the world . 
  well you 're our vassal , so ... 
  are you 100 % sure you want to do that ? 
  they were * our * lands ... 
  but it 's not a jet . 
  someday ... 
  excellent point ... 
  good point , but how do we know these claims are true ? 
  there is no indication that the people of central america are resisting the merge . 
  quite the contrary , in fact . 
  infoaddict shows that south america is influential over them , meaning that the central americans admire them . 
  gl ; hf my friend, 
  especially when this thing is copying the chg as far as i 've understood it . 
  yeah ic i hate him too , i just thought i 'd remind that brigading ai n't cool . 
  you 're right , it would n't be far fetched if the cam people did n't like the merge . 
  but in this case , there 's no sign of it . 
  no events , no members going rogue ( like / u/yurya went ) , nothing . 
  he , out of nowhere , claims that the people overthrew the old gov and elected him as president . 
  how do we know ? 
  the old government did n't show a single sign of being unliked ( they were n't that active , but i think that 's beside the point , we all have real lives ) . 
  everything was completely normal , until he made this claim . 
  there 's always an uprising before the overthrow . 
  hell , the civ has +16 happiness . 
  yep . 
  downvoting is for spam , trolling and posts that do n't contribute to discussion . 
  mr. coccio is none of the above . 
  i see that as like a people 's initiative . 
  it does n't show the state of the people as a whole , rather a small group of it . 
  of course there is resistance , but that does n't mean the majority backs it . 
  i did say that , i admit i was wrong with that . 
  but even that does n't demand that the current government should be overthrown . 
  they actually * approached * the government , so it does seem like they are behind the gov even if they 're against the merge . 
  we need it in the sidebar . 
  i find it quite useless to post this in here as i 'm 99 % sure that all of those who visit this sub visit at least one of the other civ subs as well . 
  alright , `` the other hybrid game '' in the chg sidebar seems to state that it is though . 
  if you can show us proof that this election was genuine and you are indeed the leader central america wants , europe will recognize your regime . 
  otherwise we will keep supporting the government lead by / u/mista _ ginger . 
  i can do that too . 
  but there 's other ways to deal with him than downvoting . 
  imo downvoting is a meta thing , so one 's rp actions are n't a reason to do it in my books . 
  but that 's just in my books . 
  yes but we do n't have anything that indicates the people 's opinion one way or another , that 's the thing . 
  we do n't know what 's going on in central america at a national level . 
  it 's partially due to the silence that has prevailed there until your ... takeover . 
  if a neutral party were to let us know what the people 's opinion were , things would be different . 
  well you 're the man , man . 
  and your sub is / r/thenewworlddisorder so i do n't know what the problem here is . 
  if the old emperor does n't have that authority anymore then i ca n't see the problem here . 
  request : finland 's war theme next , 
  lol how do you even plan on executing the execution ? 
  i imagine it is somewhat difficult considering that , you know , he has n't been captured . 
  damn dude you could just use pornhub or something . 
   the weekend, 
  is it ? 
  i think some set up could be in order . 
  finland recently won the ice hockey junior world championships . 
  which were held in finland . 
  the partying was pretty hard . 
  we beat canada in the quarterfinals , sweden in the semifinals and russia in the finals = perfect victory . 
  did n't see it at first . 
  * high fives *, 
  he has security . 
  it 's weird how it feels like the actual wc even though it 's just the junior one . 
  yeah but like finlandia is fucking amazing . 
  yeah but if it 's done too often it gets old . 
  i do it like biweekly . 
  ah fuck i forgot that ... 
  i do n't understand . 
  i 'm in, 
  not yet at least . 
  i 've plans for tomorrow , so sunday preferably . 
  in theory i have all day , ~ ~ but i have these two people who i need to talk to beforehand . 
  as early as possible ( 13:00 -14:00 pm gmt maybe ) so it wo n't go late ; i do n't have a computer yet and the only one we have is in their room . ~ ~, 
  edit : sunday as early as possible . 
  as long as the game is finished 20 pm gmt at most . 
  so how many get through to the second round ? 
  more drama !, 
  more action !, 
  ** more bloodshed !, 
  in our latest show :, 
  attack of the tiny world size !!!, 
  cool . 
  why not ? 
  congratulations , you 're doing a great thing here and i 'm glad it 's getting attention !, 
  [ and when tpang returns ... ] ( https://youtu.be/lg_foey8t_a ), 
   too hot, 
  't was -25 degrees celsius here yesterday m8 , you should be glad, 
  it does seem like central america is n't part of it any more though . 
  okay you should n't be glad , i take it back . 
  that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  * you hear a divine voice coming from the heavens . 
  '' / u/thyreformer ... 
  kill those bastards . '', 
  shit , i need to have the game finished before it 's late , so if we start on the evening , it would probably be late before it 's over . 
  `` free '', 
  i did not foresee hs.fi containing something like this . 
  lmao, 
  a beanie , if you will .
