  also bmg summoned a second ss so now we have two . 
  oh he did in that comment . 
  i did n't see this . 
  what 's the etymology here ? 
  the name is fine although i do n't know what it means . 
  i can set it up now if that 's fine . 
  nope , which is why i asked you two :p, 
  oh it 's `` call it art '' !, 
  that makes sense . 
  uhh ... who 're you again ? 
  this is going to be awesome . 
  we vandals are like spartans without steroids on steroids . 
  '' ` ello i 'm french hon hon hon baguetaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh i got stabbed by ze vandals i 'm dying aaaaaaagggh * dies * '', 
  that 's you . 
  fuck yes . 
  organization is for losers . 
  and the role of the others will be undefined , right ? 
  it 's going to flood the palace in constantinople ? 
  i 'm down . 
  ( i know , but we need to start from somewhere , do n't we ? ), 
  also first rp post :3, 
  not the balloons d :, 
  the duels should be decided by dice rolls with two sides , with 1 being the current chief and 2 the challenger . 
  i know who he is , it was a joke :p, 
  no , we 're better than spartans without using steroids , which spartans do . 
  better c :, 
  glory to ost europa !, 
  ige ? 
  why not ? 
  oh right , i read your comment as `` should '' instead of `` would '' . 
  i 'm dumb , my bad . 
  i like the flairs on this chain btw . 
  well yeah , but it would restrict everyone equally . 
  we 're the vandals man , we do n't give a shit . 
  also i think this is different from normal kills . 
  i always forget that ... 
  well yes , but there are also those civs who get their game ruined immidiately because the ai wo n't expand . 
  now they would form based on cs alliances . 
  and you can still technically forward settle . 
  think of it as normal city settling , except that the cities are already there , you just have to take it . 
  kind of does . 
  you know , this was inspired by irl rome . 
  they did n't just settle whole of europe . 
  they had to fight for every piece of land . 
  hell , it took them over 200 years just to conquer latinum and secure their borders . 
  i just find the idea of fighting for the land a lot more fun than just settling it . 
  moreso when that rarely happened irl . 
  u fukin wot m8 u wan na have a go i 'll fuck you up faggot, 
  i 'm in for narrating . 
  do n't care which part . 
  yeah you 're right . 
  why not ? 
  no thanks . 
  you 'll die immediately so there 's no need . 
  can we make `` god damnit reformie '' a thing now ? 
  i call him thy , but it does n't have the same ring to it . 
  happy cake day !, 
  i think the vandals is where that word has been derived from maybe ? 
  or is it the opposite ? 
  sure . 
  you should join vandals , we are actually barbarians and really fucking disorganized . 
  i think you 'd like it . 
  kill him . 
  there 's the thing : they should n't . 
  even if they do , that does n't change the fact that at this point we 're all fucking tiny villages who are incredibly irrelevant in any global scale . 
  know of maybe , but there 's no reason for us to care about each other . 
  yes . 
  yes there is . 
  this . 
  this i like . 
  very good . 
  thanks , baguette . 
  i say 4 . 
  ooh i like the sub idea . 
  i detest that . 
  concurred, 
  ooh , nice . 
  meanwhile i 'm here casually trying to figure out what my new character is like . 
  ( basically , my characters are all same kin and therefore act similarly , but since you killed agur ix that dynasty died and i start a new kindred ), 
  i will go on his stead . 
  my kin shall find prospering colonies . 
  ( do you have sons ? 
  i 'd imagine they would want to avenge you . ), 
  you 've landed on the shores of irl morocco , where you were found by anric the explorer , a vandal colonist who set to the seas to find new land for his tribe to settle . 
  although weary of every living thing who is n't a vandal , he needs all the help he can get . 
  help to find a colony for the vandalic chiefdom . 
  well there you go . 
  thy you need a new char . 
  [ gesture ], 
   ~ ~ byzantines ~ ~ east vandals, 
  ftfy, 
  [ maybe it 's just you being dead . 
  i would n't worry about it . ], 
  oh yeah , i have n't left yet . 
  welcome aboard klonam !, 
  fuck off is that seriously all the fuck you care about civilization has been for thirty years a great game that teaches history not just graphics and all of you assholes that only care about how pixels pick up on your eyes are ruining something once and a life time, 
  sidmeier grew up without civilization game ok ? 
  sid meyer never had to worry about graphics and all you fuckers whining about them are a slap in his face , and he makes these games so you can enjoy them not complain 20 for 7 about how `` pwitty '' you want your games to be, 
  games change lives , not look pritty, 
  sparkling new .
