  very well . 
  the burgundians can kindly take their regards and shove them right up their arse, 
  welp, 
  but ... 
  i did n't attend the wedding . . ? 
  i 'm like three , go check out nb 's post about the subject for confirmation . 
  yeah but how did i die when i was n't in the wedding, 
  says who ? 
  my dad was n't there , why should i ? 
  * according to whom ? 
  i went to the wedding because someone else 's plot assumed so ? 
  because i said the same thing on discord that i said here ; i 'm like three , my dad did n't go there , neither did i. 
  the only thing that matters right now is that i 'm safe and alive , so i will definitely not attend a wedding that everyone in poland knows is going to be a red one . 
  me knowing about the wedding does n't mean my character went there . 
  i did n't say i went there in the pm chat we had , and i specifically told i were n't attending in the main chat . 
  i never said i went to the wedding . 
  and me being included in plots without my consent is something i ca n't really help . 
  yeah i made a mistake there , i was originally going to go but then the suicide stuff happened and everything, 
  against a foreign threat , europe was once again united . 
  and now ... 
  their enemies would pay ... with their lives . 
  unless they make peace which is also cool but y' know, 
  by the way i love my name :d, 
  holy shit that 's amazing, 
  i posted this so that there is proof banshee has to kill himself in 2 parts . 
  you can give up now , or you can fight it out, 
  `` kilwa accepted peace '', 
  you sure about that ? 
  well then, 
  we are n't in the court , sorry mang . 
  you seriously think crying to the court is a good idea ? 
  * are you completely ignoring what the father of this court just attempted to do ? 
  * if you still trust them to handle matters you should be handling yourself , you 're making the biggest mistake of your life . 
  op probably just installed that clear glass pane in the door so he could post this and get karma, 
  i imagined it , and my reaction was : `` ayyyyyy what 's up '', 
  no , i 'm aq . 
  you 're thy . 
  ye rly , why would i say `` what 's up '' to myself ? 
  i do n't know , you said i did \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  how dare you, 
  it 's called sleeping , you should try it sometime ;d, 
  i blame / u/thyreformer, 
  get your pitchforks out, 
  let 's get him, 
   neutral, 
  what exactly do you plan to do ? 
  it 's not like you have any power anywhere . 
  you 're correct , but that 's only because you 're not relevant . 
  #c a w c a w, 
  nothing ... 
  and everything . 
  or something like that i do n't fucking know, 
  are the times of day deadlines or times when the narrator gets the part ? 
  he opened a new campaign on gofundme and it has raised $ 30k in the ten hours it 's been up . 
  which is pretty amazing . 
  gametrailers ? 
  what is polan will never die except when they get 4v1 gangbanged, 
  aq is an adjective now ? 
  cool . 
  i knew this was a plot to get rid of me ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  wait am i even part of the government . . ? 
  bwahahaha you have failed thy, 
  i have foiled your plans, 
  that 's what you * want * me to think . 
  then you have failed because i want you to think that you want to think that i want to think you 're getting rid of me . 
  this is now in the sidebar . 
  also , from kilwanese actions :, 
   buy 30 factories . 
  cost : 9,300 gold . 
  what if i told you ... 
  he 's dead too ? 
  good thing he is n't dead , then , amirite ? 
  / shrug, 
   implying a city-state needs a sub, 
  hoo boy is this a good one !, 
  and said council will not even try to ask the government on their stance ? 
  make a rash decision and you will surely be paired with the sakers . 
  however , choose wisely , and we can continue to live in peace , like we have for centuries before . 
  there has always been people who are openly hostile to you sakers . 
  point me to one person in power who has acted that way towards muslims . 
  it 's called sid meier 's civilization . 
  subtle burn is subtle . 
  i said not to trust kilwa did n't i ? 
  ah yes , our friends the kilwans that became our friends after we bought them off to attack the polish , who attacked us because the kilwanese and burmese asked them to . 
  supposedly . 
  i have said this before , and i will say it again :, 
  kilwa go fuck yourself . 
  then an alliance is the same as a dp , but with an * option * to dow in an offensive war . 
  the offensive dow should n't happen automatically , and maybe this could be asked from the nation involved before the part is run ? 
  there is a pretty big rp difference between breaking an alliance and not breaking an alliance . 
  also how long should a dp last ? 
  it would make sense that after a dow , the parties that joined the war through the pact should be obliged to stay in the war for a certain amount of time . 
  making peace separately without the consent of the target of the dow should n't be allowed . 
  fighting for a part and then making peace seems pointless . 
  there should be a default length that could be overridden if the two civs wanted . 
  the purpose of this thread was discussing about them again , no ? 
  why does it matter if there 's an ig dp or not ? 
  war is the only diplomatic ai relation that we care about . 
  yes . 
  that 's how i did it and that 's the easier way .
