  why though ? 
  it 's much simpler that we just go there and never come back . 
  yeah it has n't started yet . 
  and we need to setup the system too . 
  * tears up * oh , the memories ... 
  clone ? 
  hmm , yeah ... 
  i guess you could make stories about the old earth even after we 're gone ? 
  no idea . 
  i 'll make a post finishing the first game now though . 
  thanks for the game once again guys . 
  you 're great . 
  also i would like to take this moment not to align into factions just yet , we will make some kind of a system for that . 
  thanks , 
  looks great . 
  * damn * we were so winning the war . 
  you approve ? 
  yeah but you 're fine with this one ? 
  the feels man it hurts, 
  well hello to you too . 
  we did n't suspect a thing back then ... 
  same . 
  i do n't even know why they started joining them , we have n't really given the green light yet : /, 
  i mean i 've said multiple times not to start before we mods make some rules for it . 
  i 'm slightly confused . 
  is this the observer , or . . ? 
  [ note : those not aboard the station can put themselves onboard the shuttle if they so desire ], 
  he does . 
  anyway i wrote my own version , check it out and see if you like it . 
  i watched that for the first time on friday . 
  all i knew about it was the bullet time stuff and the number walls . 
  holy fucking shit . 
  i kind of almost hope he does now . 
  limos pls no, 
  also what kind of a part do you think the crashed ship will play in this ? 
  and who 's onboard ? 
  welcome back !, 
  watching ais fight, 
  it 's way better than cocaine, 
  it 's snowing on mt. 
  fuji, 
  i swear i was more active in the modmail than this :p, 
  idk, 
  nah we created the austrians , ottomans and spain . 
  they 're what was in the capsules . 
  in the story , we sent down the capsules . 
  in the capsules were our nations and citystates . 
  basically this is all artificial . 
  nice try mate . 
  oh damn i made my own oc before reading this . 
  i guess i 'll take you out of it ? 
  the old characters were supposed to stay observing and new characters would be created to play the game itself . 
  / u/thyreformer / u/blackmesagaming / u/icelandbestland, 
  do you guys want to be in this or will i take you out ? 
  it is based on history . 
  our history . 
  hence we recreated it here . 
  they 're just the observers , lim would still be the one running the game . 
  he was an omnipotent deity last game and look what happened to him . 
  how so ? 
  the actual players wo n't know it in rp . 
  all of this is just lore about the observers ; it has n't much to do with the game itself . 
  ig it has nothing . 
  it 's just lore that wo n't matter in the end at all . 
  not in my opinion . 
  they exist in the heads of the people but not physically . 
  that 's the beauty of artificiality . 
  no gods , remember ? 
  opinions . 
  not really . 
  the world thinks they exist , so they exist . 
  kind of like real life . 
  irl as in we do n't actually know if all this exists or not . 
  it seriously could be just a computer simulation . 
  it is , but it 's a matter of opinion so i do n't really know what to argue about it . 
  the thing is , it does n't matter if it 's simulation . 
  it does n't make it any less real . 
  we can still do the great rp , we can still act like we 're in reneissance italy . 
  that 's because we are . 
  the reason i 've made the lore world not exist outside of italy is because that 's the case ig . 
  there 's literally just italy , the alps and the west coast of the balkans . 
  we can make it seem like there is other stuff around it through events and rp , but ig it 's just that . 
  just like in the simulation scenario it gives us the ability to have the characters think there is stuff outside . 
  in reality however , there is n't . 
  and what was my personal decision on why i made the lore like that ? 
  i do n't think it would 've made sense if there 's a whole world out there but we did n't explore it even when we knew of it . 
  irl as soon as the europeans realized there is other continents we sent expeditions there . 
  in my honest opinion the fact that there is just italy makes the whole thing more genuine . 
  if there was other things around and we did n't deliberately want to focus on italy , then of course we would expand there . 
  this way , there are no * if * s. 
   our characters , rp and events should behave like there is something beyond the ig world . 
  meaning there actually would be , we just would n't play it ig . 
  that 's what i 've been trying to explain all this time . 
  my lore would have * no * effect on the game . 
   then just find some other justification , like limos stopping us . 
  i think it 's far less realistic to behave like italy is a closed system or operating in a vacuum when historically it was the centre of trade for not only the mediterranean but the world . 
  we do n't need a justification . 
  in rp that would be the case . 
  the meditarranean would be the centre of trade . 
  it 's just all simulated .
