  all of your army is in germany and poland . 
  what do you mean ? 
  most of them are in the continent still . 
  meanwhile all of the top kekks are around helsinki and that . 
  our military presence is larger still though . 
  and we have artillery . 
  i think we can bombard stockholm from our turf . 
  honestly when that point is reached , the game probably wo n't have many parts to it left anyways . 
  yes . 
  we definitely will do just that . 
  yup . 
  we promise . 
  am i the only one who always tries to read `` iirc '' as `` in irc '' ? 
  it 's wobbegong damnit, 
  noooooooooo ( dies ), 
  i read that as `` australia '' at first . 
  you wo n't have to , we 'll kill all of you so there wo n't be anything left to surrender , 
  i 'd like to thank the huns and byzantium for the free cities , much appreciated, 
  yeah , you 've done an excellent job taking crappy and worthless arctic cities and weakened your military for us !, 
  keep it up guys !, 
  face the truth buddy , you 're just making the map look nicer . 
  good luck being squeezed in by two civs and multiple city-states, 
  hide !, 
  hide before they get you !, 
  oh wait you ca n't because we 're gon na take your protectors out, 
  yeah , just ignore the fact we have open borders with ussr, 
  you mean colored flairs ? 
  because i 've added flairs more flairs . 
  and this is the first time i 've seen talk about colors . 
  yeah there 's just a lot of color values that need to be changed if we want a different color schemes . 
  which i do . 
  and for reals this time . 
  hate to be a buzzkill , but i doubt it . 
  the installments are weekly , so we have three parts left before christmas and each part is barely 10 turns ( 100 years ) anymore . 
  it 's weekly * for * now . 
  christmas is in three weeks , that would be 24 turns . 
  so unless we get longer parts or go back to biweekly this soon , i sadly doubt it . 
  this is going to be amazing . 
  especially after a couple of parts . 
  too bad minecraft comes alive is n't in this one ... 
  right . . ? 
  gee , i do n't know - maybe because you were there setting, 
  everything up and you were one of the , if not * the * most active member there . 
  hey , uh ... would it hurt to call this something else ? 
  because the war room that i and the team are making is n't cancelled , just on a temporary hiatus . 
  ^ ^ thanks ^ ^ sorry ... 
  we do n't know ... only u/limerickarcher , the host knows . 
  okay wow . 
  this is amazing . 
  really brought back my appreciation for all of you after all the shitposting . 
  iceland - finland ? 
  oh yeah , because we 're going to unite scandinavia . 
  done . 
  i agree with cossack . 
  jk sad to see you go . 
  even if we had our differences . 
  and i 'm five days late . 
  them imgur comments though, 
  yeah i agree with poom ... that 's an amazing way to look at it !, 
  no need to apologize man , it was a nice read . 
  go outside ? 
  wait ... what 's outside . . ? 
  could be the guy that u/teeplaysgames pissed off . 
  magnate of foreign affairs ? 
  you left . 
  finland backs the proposal of our autocratic brothers . 
  as the honorable australian delegate has pointed out , the * late * filipino delegate did n't flee australia . 
  it was the champa . 
  unless you 've seen it yourself , how do you know how they treat their conquests ? 
  migrated to where ? 
  you 're the buddhist delegate . 
  but anyway , that was like a millennia ago ... unforgiveness is n't healthy . 
  why did this pop up on the front page ? 
  or am i retarded ? 
  could be the latter . 
  are you claiming that the people has n't migrated to the aussie culture in the thousand years that australians have had them part of their empire ? 
  an antarctic flair ? 
  alright . 
  but that 's over now . 
  they have been in peace for centuries . 
  are they though ? 
  again , the conquests were made a long time ago , i 'm pretty sure they 're pretty integrated now . 
  but is the propaganda of their patriotic delegate really worth denying them from trading with other nations ? 
  just noticed that the link is n't working . 
  the one in the very end . 
  just says [ here ] for me at least . 
  you are aware that there was like about 5 turns of warring between us and the city-states , right ? 
  fucking turku i 'm so pissed off they have n't taken it yet ... 
  we have frigates as well and the finnish gulf is one tile wide and four tiles deep . 
  i doubt that the fate of scandinavia is decided on sea . 
  this . 
  why i 'm flattered . 
  thank you :d, 
  attack our allies and face the consequences . 
  yup . 
  basically just ask and i 'll whitelist you . 
  you did n't look close enough then . 
  it 's in the slides . 
  and how will we celebrate ? 
  by conquering independent nations that 's right losers suomi perkele,
