  / u/yourfriendbrian , i know how you felt back in mk3 now . 
  i just do n't have the time to do this with the current schedule . 
  i think we might have to go back on the weekly schedule . 
  but that brings up the problem of me being absent on some weekends . 
  so i was thinking that i run the part friday-saturday , and thursday-friday if i know i 'll be absent on that weekend ? 
  ps fuck you cossack you ai n't running shit :p, 
  i switched to italy to try and give them a great prophet . 
  obviously that did n't work . 
  so then [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/9tfxq ) happened . 
  it 's stuck there . 
  i can kind of do stuff in ige , but when i close it , it just goes back to this . 
  it 's broken . 
  i 'm stuck . 
  last working save is from turn 65 . 
  i do n't think i have any other options than revert back there ? 
  so i guess that 's happening if that 's okay with you ? 
  i do n't even know anymore ... 
  oh and also if the rollback happens i drafted a cool little story for it in my head so if someone wants to illustrate it then get in touch because why not . 
  [ removed ], 
  i mean , i love it because it 's so powerful ( god knows all this would n't exist without it ) , but it 's so tedious to use . 
  there 's no keyboard shortcuts * whatsoever * . 
  nothing to make it more efficient to use . 
  although this is n't what it 's really made for , i do n't think . 
  it 's really stable too ( well , for the most part ) . 
  but it 's so tedious to do any bigger tasks on it . 
  anyhow , i do n't know how it would work , but i 'm thinking i might try the sdk world builder for next part . 
  part 5 is up for narrating shortly . 
  random rant that nobody called for over . 
  things 're going good , i 'm maybe like halfway there ? 
  * retreats back into the shadows *, 
  i suppose this is a proper time to apologize to you beautiful people for the last two months ... 
  i 'm so sorry guys . 
  this wo n't happen again . 
  because i 'm not doing this again . 
  at least not for a while . 
  i think we all learned a valuable lesson here , though . 
  i learned to not take up projects that i 'm not capable of doing , and you learned not to give me responsibility because i 'm not good with that kind of stuff . 
  i really hope you guys can forgive me for wasting your time , this sub and this game still means a lot to me although i 'm a bit embarrassed to show my face around here right now . 
  i get really sad when i read these endgame rp posts ... 
  you know that infoaddict feature that shows all stats of a specific civ ? 
  the one that tpang uses every now and then in the br ? 
  i think we could use that . 
  so are we an elective monarchy , or . . ? 
  oh man , this part went great !, 
  we got 6 cities , the biggest military and the ai went for liberty . 
  our plot succeeded and moscow is basically ours . 
  will we focus on expansion still , or start building on top of our masterfully crafted foundations ? 
  well that little rebellion was a bit of a hinder , but it 's dealt with now . 
  we still do n't have writing ; let 's trade sailing for it . 
  i also like how our settlers just decided not to give a shit about moscow and settled past it . 
  discuss . 
  by / u/bansheeclause, 
  polak event part 3 : the emperor 's new minifridge . 
  polska grows strong with every city and every weapon built . 
  yet something is missing . 
  what could be missing ? 
  the emperor of poland has decreed that it is a minifridge . 
  what that is , nobody knows . 
  how will we find it ? 
  1 : bah , peasant superstition !, 
  let 's just stay home and make money . 
  2 : perhaps moscow holds the secrets of the minifridge ? 
  ( note : may lead to war ), 
  3 : to the southwest we must search , beyond constantinople !, 
  4 : the minifridge is obviously within glorious polska !, 
  we must simply get teams of men to find them . 
  while we 're at it , we could also improve the infrastructure of the kingdom ... 
  i wish for friendly relations between our two great empires . 
  god bless you !, 
  okay so imo our military needs to improve still in order to assault moscow , but what else ? 
  tech-wise we 're doing great , and maybe we should buy that library now since we did n't last part . 
  will we settle more ? 
  we have two settlers already , should we make it three ? 
  / u/megaashinx1 , if you have something to say about it , why do n't you come over to krakow and we 'll discuss it . 
  i know you were going to come here anyways since you want to have me killed . 
  ( by / u/proletariatcossack , he 'll get his computer back tomorrow ), 
  before the reign of dmitry i , life in moskov was rather dull and exact . 
  a land of haggling merchants without fine taste , whom in the brooding forests of the east , under sullen grey skies , carefully counted their wares as they came floating down the karsken and jealously guarded their material possessions . 
  garbed in most conservative robes in most grave and simple black , they were a serious folk whom concerned themselves in life with the legalities and sums of business . 
  always scuttling about , scribbling down minute details , carefully weighing goods and chasing after the slightest of opportunity , their life measured in ink and parchment . 
  their hearts full of avarice , their minds filled with greed . 
  always rushing about in search of more without sparing the time to appreciate their surroundings or contemplate the absurd nature of the world . 
  their main form of entertainment came in mocking and despising their fellow competitors , whose demise they surely wished , truly without class and devoid of any passion . 
  yet in time , all that would come to change in moskov under the reign of dmitry , whom as a most pious sakertian , was aghast at the simple and traditional nature of his new seat . 
  for the pursuit of life is to find purposeful fulfillment in action and creation and the stunning glorious ethereal experience of life , made manifest through the great medium of the arts ,, 
  which so inspires and symbolises the men of each generation to summon the strength as well as will to compel , nay , even impose their greatest hopes and desires upon the world . 
  so through much effort and personal desire , the king would see to it that the drearily plain city that stood before him would , with his patronage and guidance , flourish into a cosmopolitan metropolis exemplifying the epitome of chivalrous life and man 's imaginative brilliance . 
  a cultural centre of art , of knowledge , of faith , of ambition , of displaying the absolute and divine authority , of the triumphant king full of the romanticist spirit and emotion . 
  of course such a grandiose scheme would require a wealth even the king did not possess and which the sejm would surely not fork over ; so he must turn to other sources . 
  before this paragraph is rough draft . 
  i need a specific vision for the art and manners/customs of the court , along with some preliminary efforts and resistance , mainly focusing on creating a new cultural identity set around moskov . 
  then , i go bug other nobles to give me cash , or a vote in the sejm for royal favours . 
  or perhaps reach out to byzantium or sumer for cash as a loan ... or in exchange for a favour . 
  the king rode into the city in a suit of shining gold armour and a caravan of wagons , filled with musicians , painters , sculptors , weavers , smiths , poets , scribes , carpenters , masons , engineers and architects . 
  within a short period , the city was transformed into a modern wonder , with the old , crooked and shabby torn down , to be filled with canals and plazas , squares , cathedrals , statues , tapestries and wide , well-paved streets . 
  the troubadours and bandoleers began strutting about the taverns and halls , crowing and drawling out their catchy tunes . 
  balls and dances were hold in great chambers and courtyards . 
  the youth of the cities the aristocracy invites to partake in all the galore . 
  gardens were filled with exotic and lush vegetation were dug all over . 
  colourful banners ordered to be draped up on the balconies and walls .
