  the problem is also the decisions made by pao and the others , something that affects us redditors directly . 
  for example , there are rumors that victoria was let go because she did n't agree with the admins ' idea of monetizing amas , something that i and many other people would not like . 
  they ca n't lead the company or manage the community that we helped build . 
  and that affects us . 
  and yeah , i think banning fph and the others was a good thing , but i feel that the main problem reddit has with the decision is the fact that they can start doing the same to other subreddits that are n't so blatantly offensive and restrict one of the staples of reddit : freedom of speech . 
  they 've already banned a subreddit that demands pao 's resignment ... that 's not very offensive , is it ? 
  they very well could ban some beloved subreddit with hundreds of thousands of subs because its mods disagree with the admins ' opinions ; or hell , maybe a single post that got lots of upvotes that was offensive . 
  we do n't know that . 
  the admins have started censoring reddit and if we do n't do anything , it 'll likely get worse . 
  all i 'm saying is that the protest is a thing and would personally like if we 'd participate in it , i 'm not pushing anyone into anything . 
  trust me , the last thing i wan na do is piss off this amazing community , 
  i also think people should let the fph thing go , the whole mess came and went . 
  the sub was full of jackasses anyway . 
  it 's r/paoiskillingreddit , but i just checked and they 've unbanned it yesterday . 
  so yeah . 
  100 viewers and we will hear the soothing voice of tpang himself !, 
  ask him , not me . 
  tpang actually has a mod that disables archaeologists , hence they 're not there . 
  which is nice . 
  the stream has ended . 
  my condolences . 
  i do n't usually like tattoos but wow that looks amazing . 
  ahem ... 
  yes , finland would be very nice . 
  finland ? 
  are you serious ? 
  i 'm from finland :3, 
  it 's not gay if it 's on the moon , either . 
  `` yeah , or `` dur '' '', 
  yeah , i do . 
  i 'm not stupid . 
  i be ready to roast these scallywags . 
  arr . 
   the rum must flow !, 
  ftfy, 
  yeah i use the desktop site on mobile because i feel the mobile site and the apps are missing features . 
  i need the finnish flair :3, 
  but my heritage says otherwise . 
  thankfully our two nations arr so far apart that i can safely support both . 
  hey , fuck you . 
  why would finland be removed when they have their own peninsula to the east ? 
  it 's sweden and norway that are going to be the problem if there is going to be one . 
  urho * sorry , had to :p, 
  i 'm so hyped ... 
  just as a heads up , the finnish flair is the wrong one . 
  the one in use belongs to the one lead by kekkonen , 
  never mind then , i saw talks about mannerheim and assumed he was the leader :p, 
  finland ? 
  more like winland . 
  credit to the person who had something like that as their flair . 
  yup :d, 
  maybe a rough tile could be distinguished by crossing it over with a darker shade of the base tile color ? 
  i freaking love your flair . 
  eu - do n't have because finland, 
  as - afghanistan, 
  af - zulus , why not, 
  edit : why are you all in the same column ? 
  tbh , i would 've preferred mannerheim as the leader . 
  gameplay-wise . 
  that 's why you should do it :d, 
  translated as :, 
  fitting for our little feisty nation , ` tis . 
  nay . 
  `` your mountains so lofty '', 
  lol nope, 
  never thought i 'd see juice being posted to r/civbattleroyale ... wow . 
  vodka ? 
  you talk of vodka liquid , but vodka vaporizes anywhere outside of your great motherland . 
  it is not so with the water of the finns , the koskenkorva spirit . 
  distilled from the finest barley from the vast expanses of osthrobotnia , this fine drink keeps the finnish people warm in the absolute zero that is the finnish summer . 
  powered by the kossu spirit , our soldiers will ski over the fields and defeat your slightly pissed `` soldiers '' that can not distinguish day from night just like it has happened befote . 
  and how do you think those inuit people can defeat either of our people ? 
  the only weapon they know is a tiny harpoon , designed for hunting . 
  they 've even got another grand nation in the south called canada . 
  they will slow the inuits down with their sticky syrup for you so even your drunk men can pick them off . 
  yeah it must be pretty offensive for you guys ... 
  most people probably find it funny but the nazis are a very , very sensitive subject for germans , is n't it ? 
  drunk shot no hit , remember armenia ? 
  it 's part of a bigger amusement park , there is three rides , a children 's playground , and like ten overpriced shops and arcades . 
  it 's not that great imo . 
  there used to be an entrance fee for the whole park , but they got rid of it recently . 
  rides require a ticket or a bracelet that allows unlimited access to all the rides and other things belonging to the amusement park , i.e. 
  a delfinarium , a zoo and the n\u00e4sinneula ( tallest tower in scandinavia ) . 
  that actually kinda is a thing there with the quick pass shit , is n't it ? 
  hey sweden, 
  remember -95 ? 
  that 's gon na happen again except this time we 'll defeat your whole pathetic country, 
  waiting ... 
  and waiting ... 
  and waiting ... 
  and waiting . 
  also waiting . 
  ps i 'm gon na be waiting . 
  in b4 hundreds of mod requests, 
  yep, 
  ha fuck you swedes there 's more of us than you get rekt, 
  i never thought there were so many of us pirates ... we are numerous m ` lads . 
  the plunder shall be extaordinary !, 
  the pirates maybe ? 
  they too like drinking,
