  probably not . 
  maybe after when the seed changes . 
  with a hundred civs . 
  well they 're in the top 20 rankings so i would n't call them underrated . 
  just not spoken about . 
  underrated as in they 're better than they 're made out to be . 
  well , this would of course be done after the battle is finished to prevent the problems you just presented . 
  i can moderate the sub if that 's okay . 
  50 + at least . 
  buy or sell : boers will ignore the zulu long enough for them to build an impi carpet of death and dominate southern africa . 
  nevermind then . 
  there 's both positives and negatives to that , i do n't actually know which one i 'd prefer ... 
  buy or sell : finland will take the hunnic city of san bartolo . 
  god damnit . 
  nah mate , we 're busy right now . 
  maybe after we 've taken out the huns . 
  just wait until we take san bartolo , 
  hahahahahaha look who 's talking . 
  i do n't get it :(, 
  oh that 's what the song was . 
  thanks !, 
  let 's just kill the ones with the be flairs . 
  and the swedes . 
  cheers mate . 
  as would i. 
  give 'em hell lads !, 
  lol i know right, 
  you forgot that san bartolo is finnish now , 
  well pikemen are the mainstream unit right now and impis are pretty strong against the early gunpowder units , too . 
  but you 're right , they need to act asap . 
  it 's south of kouvola which is the forward-settlement that looks kind of like a wart on your maps . 
  do we though ? 
  i propose writing . 
  i agree with your point , but writing would be even better for that crucial early tech lead . 
  as for my title , i do n't really know . 
  you 're king , right ? 
  so you would announce our moves but we 'll decide them together . 
  maybe like prime minister or something ? 
  i heard our vietnam is n't the trung sisters one . 
  but okay . 
  finland denounces carthage . 
  i want to agree , but then again i feel that moving it to a whole new sub would decrease its visibility decisively . 
  not alone can he not be trusted , but he also said that the congress itself should be stopped in the way of the hybrid game . 
  finland would like to see some evidence on this as they do not trust the carthaginian delegate anymore . 
  finland has joined the batt - i mean , party !, 
  yes i already did . 
  i had n't read it when i was making that post , though . 
  when did anybody say that your solidarity bloc was terrible ? 
  what uproar ?? 
  all i see is one delegate saying that your bloc is insulting democracy and a couple others saying that they do n't want to be part of it because they feel it will reduce their independency and * half of them said they 'll support it !, 
  right ... 
  this . 
  i 'm not even going to bother with a comment of my own since this is pretty much perfect . 
  progressivism . 
  in my opinion u/mista _ ginger is the best option to get this sorted out since he is the founder of the congress and a former s-g who did a stellar job at it . 
  i vote for u/mista _ ginger being in charge until a new s-g is elected . 
  we mus n't have no one running because no leader is never a good thing . 
  awesome !, 
  edit : holy shit they used my picture i 'm very honoured, 
  we should use a stylesheet . 
  naut is pretty awesome . 
  besides , we already have most of the subs up and running and they would need some redoing , along with the names becoming nonsensical . 
  the vietnam is n't the trung sisters one . 
  yes , i think so . 
  arr lmao, 
  you might be the first one ever to predict yakutia doing something ... congrats !, 
  u/gloriousbeachead ( i trust you wrote the article about finland ) , that last sentence was beautiful . 
  thank you :'), 
  glad i was able to help :d, 
  the rallienglanti is strong within this one, 
  add me in too , i 'd be happy to help . 
  find out next time on mighty morphin power rankers, 
  great work as always . 
  the world is filling up nicely . 
  let 's hope for open borders with lincoln ... 
  sad but true ... 
  i like how you said that the rp stuff needs to stop with an rp post . 
  rip hunnic delegate u/weaselord , your nation will soon be destroyed by our proud nation anyway . 
  yes and it really makes no sense , all it does is colden relations with us and possibly the ussr . 
  so the kingdom of vietnam is still the kingdom of vietnam and not kingdom of south east asia ? 
  `` me killed hun delegate '' about a hundred people are going to get that lol, 
  yeah well i 'm in the se asia coalition , so ... 
  yeah i know, 
  here 's the story of nuclear gandhi . 
  in one point of every civ game , the characteristic for warmongering and nukes go down . 
  gandhi has the lowest possible . 
  in civ ii , this caused a glitch where gandhi 's stats went so low it became negative . 
  this , in turn , caused it to go as high as possible due to an error in the game 's code . 
  in subsequent civ games , this was made intentional because it 's bloody hilarious . 
  i did not know that i had set up anything before i read this thread . 
  but when i did , i got on it and here is the leader spreadsheet : https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1tgzqhpjjqxcihaqsqwbo-kefwdagb_vfukf_6grtpfy/edit?usp=sharing, 
  there 's two leader slots per region per era . 
  i can put more in , too . 
  i know the citizens of our nations might not have the best of relations , but i wish you all the best . 
  private , ca n't view it . 
  so he did a city list and a leader list ? 
  well we will fill it :d, 
  stop murdering people it is n't good for your mental health, 
  absolutely , may both of our empires prosper . 
  kek .
