  he 's got his hands full on mk ii and school and whatnot already , it 's way too early to start planning the next one . 
  i say let 's go for it . 
  the poll is set up , ready to be released . 
  after that 's done , the game is pretty much ready to be run . 
  who 's doing that ? 
  i 've been wondering this for a while now . 
  i get why it 's changed and it 's cool , but why specifically sibir ? 
  and will it change after a while ? 
  seeing as we already have 150 + responses . 
  if the mods want to add/edit them , go to / about/flair / #link _ templates . 
  started from the bottom ... and soon , we will be there . 
  are they too big ? 
  who 's handling it ? 
  i 'm up for the task . 
  do you have other , better options countering this ? 
  i see many delegates opposing but nobody proposing an other option . 
  the law * will * pass if there are n't any . 
  the law has n't even passed yet ... 
  i wish i could 've been here when it truly happened ... also what 's going on in the sub currently ? 
  there would be like a lot of people playing . 
  i 've seen a couple suggestions like this in the youtube comments and i wholeheartedly agree so i thought i 'd post it here . 
  or has the christmas stream schedule been made already ? 
  in that case never mind . 
  or rather how many of you are non-finns ? 
  so this only affects people who have their civ completely wiped out . 
  ( only the philippines currently ), 
  the proposal :, 
  they have to change civ . 
  that 's it . 
  y u no atk ; ~ ;, 
  i love you guys . 
  please choose your actions from the governance section , settlers , tech and policies excluded . 
  you have three points . 
  long live the emperor !, 
  some of you may have noticed that the war room ... just kind of stopped . 
  it 's a long story . 
  sorta . 
  anyway . 
  that 's where * you * come in . 
  the war room team is still there , it just has n't done anything for a while . 
  the biggest reason for that is that we need more people . 
  if you 're interested in making oc for this truly amazing event called the battle royale , send me a message . 
  *** tasks : ***, 
  * writing write-ups similar to the power rankings, 
  * naming wars, 
  * gathering info about the wars ( date , belligerents etc. ), 
  * making the slides, 
  * there 's more but i 'm too lazy to think of them right now also it 's been a while, 
  for discussion , trashtalk etc. 
  while we wait for the game to start . 
  eastern europe best europe remove western scum i am a god and i will destroy all of you, 
  we would like to withdraw the treaty we negotiated earlier . 
  i had a vision ( ooc : proof of concept ) which opened my eyes . 
  we do n't need to define our borders before we 've settled down . 
  it 'll happen naturally . 
  we feel that such treaties will merely cause unnecessary tension between us . 
  zeus , supreme god and king of ost europa, 
  ooc since the ai mod is on the chances of the treaties holding are next to none . 
  ~ ~ if you do n't we 'll kill you ~ ~ our great kingdom is really nice , the climate is warm , but not too warm !, 
  we know it 's private , send a message and we 'll add you . 
  spying prohibited, 
  zeus, 
  king of ost europa and supreme god, 
  that would be the best thing ever ... 
  so with basically everything apart from the actual installments happening in the coalition subreddits , the main sub needs some content of its own . 
  but what ? 
  it appears that we have a common foe on the fertile crecent . 
  we and our king feel that an alliance would benefit us mutually . 
  what say you ? 
  the kingdom of eastern europe feels that all border treaties should be disbanded as our settlers tend to be unruly and do whatever they want . 
  the treaties are broken without us nobles doing anything at all . 
  we fear that they can not be controlled and keeping these treaties active will someday be a threat to the peaceful world . 
  i , on behalf of my kingdom , ask of you to disband these petty treaties so that the world can live in harmony . 
  magnate of foreign affairs, 
  kingdom of ost europa, 
  those who disturb this holy alliance by attacking our allies will have to deal with the wrath of ost europa as well . 
  thus we strongly discourage doing so . 
  you declared war on suez , who are our ally . 
  we are glad that you came to your senses and made peace without any acts of war made , but we still hope that you refrain from doing this in the future . 
  not pointing fingers here , i just hope that it wo n't colden feelings between some of us . 
  also the reason we are on a spending spree and making friends is n't because we are n't doing well , it 's because we 're social and we 're rolling in dat paper . 
  deal with it . 
  most people would think that a war between us is inevitable if we want to win . 
  however ... 
  i and my kingdom feel that good relations would be more beneficial at least in this point in time . 
  we were especially glad to see your liberation of suez from the warmongering africans . 
  i 'm here today to start a friendly relationship between us that * might * lead to great things someday . 
  you were expecting a war , were n't you ? 
  expect again . 
  our dof will last for two parts , expiring after part 6 . 
  pengu is our only god . 
  `` but what about the ingame religions ? '', 
  i hear you ask . 
  well let me tell you . 
  the earth was created by the almighty pengu itself . 
  originally , it was a cold planet , completely frozen over . 
  it was solely habitated by penguins . 
  they built great cities , far greater than we could ever imagine . 
  their technology was incredible , pinnacled by a ship that supposedly could travel below the water . 
  however , as the mighty factories grew larger , so did pollution .
