  and you 'd be wrong in thinking i did n't leave my bodyguard behind , ensuring all goes well . 
  yes , i have a bodyguard . 
  ask brian if you need confirmation . 
  username checks out kind of ? 
  my bodyguard was established * to protect me from yurya and thy . 
  no they did n't listen to him . 
  no they did n't let you in . 
  i left them there to ensure everything goes right . 
  and i 'd appreciate it if / u/limerickarcher stopped making stuff up . 
  he 's not in charge anymore . 
  does that plan perhaps involve you being a french symphetisizer ? 
  it sure looks like it . 
  you try to abort carthage getting our last city , just so you could become a french vassal . 
  then suddenly france owns the city because they can annex you whenever they want because you 're so weak you could n't resist even if you wanted to . 
  it 's the perfect plan . 
  only a baguette would say something completely random like that . 
  actually , hate to nitpick , but i said you * are * a french sympathizer . 
  we wo n't make it great again by being a french vassal . 
  that is literally the opposite of what all of us have been fighting for all of our lives . 
  but they 're still carthaginians . 
  you being the go to source for rules does n't give you rights to dictate the rules . 
  well guess what ? 
  there 's more . 
  except that , as i said , i left my bodyguard there , to ensure everything goes well . 
  you two are outnumbered and also not trained to protect somebody your entire life . 
  good luck getting past them . 
  has it seriously come to this ? 
  nitpicking about mundane shit and using them to make big decisions ig ? 
  you say it 's fair . 
  here 's what happened :, 
   i give city away, 
   two guys come and say they own the city for some reason, 
   they get the city without opposition, 
  yeah that 's really fair and also logical . 
  interpret laws = / = make your own laws, 
  `` transferring cities takes time '', 
  it * might * make sense , but it 's still a game mechanic that has never been talked about . 
  so you made it up . 
  i decided it alone because i was the only one there . 
  of course i would have discussed about it if i had someone to discuss it with . 
  and when have we specified this exactly ? 
  i do n't recall ever reading or discussing anything about rp time . 
  there 's no link because it happened in pm , but brian can verify . 
  there 's no link because it happened in pm , but brian can verify . 
  the host . 
  ah , of course . 
  he 's the first mod , / u/yourfriendbrian is the host and ( should be ) in charge . 
  nice ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  yes , you did metagaming , since cossack 's plots were published as meta . 
  true , but he 's published stuff like that before and it 's always been meta , why would n't it be this time ? 
  i suppose . 
  did n't really focus in reading it initially . 
  i 'm not running away from anything . 
  also your inquisition is shit , it 's so expectable . 
  ooc : the republicans are gone ( again ) so i 'm claiming the city . 
  cry me a river . 
  it 's really assuring when the mighty joan d'arc is so well informed . 
  fuck no you do n't have the city . 
  you did make a peace treaty though so no dowing us , k ? 
  what is vandal may never die amirite ? 
  you disappeared ? 
  lol no , the most they were going to do was become a vassal . 
  becoming a vassal = / = capitulation . 
  * or * you just prolonged the inevitable because i ca n't capitulate to carthage now because you decided it was a good idea to make me a bloody vassal but also france ca n't conquer me because of the peace treaty ? 
  well , i want 2 to happen , but will this be enough ? 
  but you see , vassal = / = puppet . 
  vassal is what bestern siberia was in mk1 , puppet is what you claim you 're doing . 
  what were the terms exactly ? 
  aaaalso i can just say the government was illegitimate , break this vassalage thingy and capitulate to carthage . 
  it 's up to you . 
   control their region, 
   we annex their lands, 
  pick one . 
  i do n't * need * to keep the vandals alive . 
  because what is vandal may never die . 
  let us live and maybe i wo n't give carthage a free city right next to you :3, 
  true , true . 
  you still have about 10 turns left . 
  your willingness to negotiate ? 
  sorry , i do n't negotiate with asshats . 
  also you do n't * really * have a say . 
  option 1 : you do n't get the city . 
  option 2 : you do n't get the city but neither does carthage . 
  damn , shots fired !, 
  ... wait no they did n't, 
  i wish you luck , * kommari * . 
  you 'll need it , because , you know ... 
  it 's been a turn and you 're already overrun by paratruupers . 
  i 'm hard, 
  you ai n't capturing shit mate :p, 
  / u/silvosulej do you still want leptus magna ? 
  but that 's not what annexing means . 
  the thing is , our dear friends the french here are threatening to kill me and conquer the city , but i 'm not even in the city so i might as well give it away, 
  / u/princedetalleyrand i can still call this off . 
  if i do capitulate , it means i consider the republic illegitimate , which means we 'll be at war again . 
  so that 's not an issue . 
  ninja because everytime they dow somebody , you will :, 
  not notice the war at all ( because it did n't happen , duh ), 
  only notice the defender disappearing into thin air because the boers kill them so fast, 
  if i * do * break the vassalage and call for the capitulation , it also means that i think the republic was illegitimate and everything they decided will be undone .
