  you 're a bich ? 
  edit : i prefer [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovxzxu0xpck ), 
  in time , i assure you . 
  damn . 
  i said in time . 
  can you not read ? 
  maybe , maybe . 
  settlers , settlers and settlers . 
  also a little bit more settlers . 
  you what ? 
  yeah , but siberia ? 
  you wanted siberia to backstab us ? 
  ... you 're a terrible person . 
  i love it . 
  ### soon ... 
  god damnit ludi, 
  you 'll see . 
  as dan just said ... you 're out of uranium and resources . 
  so good bloody luck with that . 
  besides , did n't you learn * anything * from last part ? 
  keep that up and you 're gon na kill yourselves . 
  also as much as we would like to see this `` god '' dead , i doubt nuking underwater objects is that effective . 
  watches , not acts ? 
  do you have alzheimer or something ? 
  he killed millions of your people like two days ago . 
  [ ooc : nothing personal , thought i 'd clarify ], 
  that 's right ladies and gentlemen , the war room finally returns !, 
  this thing has been haunting me for months now , and with the cbr returning , i thought i 'd finally bring this back too . 
  a * huge * thanks to / u/yohanleafheart , / u/mazerlaser and / u/nijomemo for helping me do the write ups , keep track of the wars and naming them !, 
  it would not be out on time without you guys . 
  anyway , we 're actually planning to make these for more than two weeks this time :p, 
  i spent the last 30 mins getting these to an album and getting the correct link . 
  oh and by the way * this * is the surprise . 
  we 'll get you bastards next time !, 
  also yeah the last one is hard to read now that it 's low res . 
  we 'll switch 'em around next time . 
  if you think this will save you , you 're wrong . 
  just saying . 
  i can do it . 
  i 've done two chg narrations so i have some experience . 
  school ends in an hour but i can start now , even if my efficiency will be low . 
  so the deadline might be an issue . 
  awesome !, 
  yes finally . 
  yeah narrating is surprisingly hard work . 
  all done m8, 
  oh and by the way i ca n't guarantee anything about the quality of the narration :p, 
  lmao, 
  ohohoho i know things . 
  paging / u/tpangolin, 
  too precise , ca n't tell, 
  i just checked . 
  nope . 
  would it be worth it to use the uranium for trading with casians ( if the need comes ) ? 
  i think it might be useful to check out their event . 
  same . 
  ** but ** if they choose option 2 though , we might have to . 
  i do n't want cities flipping . 
  god damnit ludi, 
  tpang 's asleep , maybe 10 hours or something ? 
  yeah 3 hours is pretty close . 
  it was about 70 slides , so that 's like one slide every 2,5 minutes on average , unless my math fails me . 
  no , actually . 
  congrats you win . 
  true . 
  appreciate the criticism . 
  as it was mentioned , it was sarcastic . 
  i thought it was entertaining but in hindsight , i overused it . 
  i see it as well now . 
  i 'll make sure to do it less if i ever narrate again . 
  yeah it was totally intentional with the fighting happening over former sioux lands . 
  totally . 
  yeah . 
  he 's just trying to make us weaken our military !, 
  option 2 and central asia !, 
  oh hey you did something nice . 
  good job . 
  for me it seemed more like brazil is n't doing anything at all even though they could take , say , macchu in a matter of turns . 
  there were like two brazilian units in incan territory . 
  the inca could n't possibly kill as much brazilian units as the voidness of units would make it seem . 
  only other explanation is not many turns have passed but usually something more has happened . 
  also i do n't think anybody has forgotten about the first colono war and how boring * that * was . 
  yes it did , it was the war room :d, 
  wow , thanks a lot !, 
  and thankfully the final place is listed in the power rankings , 
  do n't sweat it . 
  so we can discuss some possible gamey moves before they actually happen . 
  `` disaster '' prevention , basically . 
  might be so right now , but it would be so much better if the sub would have a say in it other than bitching about it afterwards when the damage is already done . 
  it 's basically when limerick 's ready to run the part , he posts actions here the same way he does it usually except that it 's not in an imgur album , then he gives it a moment , and runs the game . 
  i honestly do n't know what the problem here is . 
  of course we could n't . 
  the only changes that would be made would be to the plot that is controversial ( if necessary ) . 
  to be exact , we skipped 0 ad completely , it was 10 bc and then 1 ad . 
  is that so ? 
  never realized :p, 
  aww thanks : dd, 
  i ca n't even . 
  that 's quite something . 
  i love how they tried to steal wonders .
