  more than you dumbo . 
  there 's a button that says reveal entire map or something . 
  and the civs are supposed to start as settlers , they 'll find their capitals the next turn . 
  which has no actual consequences . 
  we 're making oc here . 
  nice !, 
  thanks !, 
  it tasted like shit are you trying to poison me or something, 
  aw , thanks . 
  you make good cookies man . 
  here 's the ~ ~ poisoned ~ ~ spiced cookie . 
  buy , no questions asked . 
  i do n't have the skills required to do that . 
  or civ ii . 
  only iii-v . 
  i just loved the consept . 
  if we use the map with scandinavia cut off , i do n't think we should include helsinki . 
  edit : i do n't we shouls ? 
  you lot better tech up or it 's over for you . 
  i dunno , the english are not far from navigation . 
  can confirm . 
  now * this * is scary . 
  yes and maybe the different teams could compete in something ... 
  that 's disappointing ... 
  ikr he 's brilliant . 
  one of the funniest ceos in the world i 'd say . 
   if someone shows me our videos but better , that 's a very employable person, 
  i am very honored by your nomination and graciously accept . 
  i offer you a spot as my first advisor . 
  also i think we should take the path of monarchy and when the time comes , choose autocracy as our ideology . 
  i , zeus , the king of eastern europe sign this treaty . 
  as long as the northern people keep to this treaty , our empires may live in peace . 
  wait should i be called the leader that was chosen in the poll ? 
  u/zalminen has also asked for the position . 
  why would the two of you be fitting for the job ? 
  okay i 'm a god now . 
  awesome . 
  you can run for it too . 
  also you were first . 
  but would you be interested in being the magnate of state ? 
  path of the warrior is nice but we shall choose writing . 
  that way we will get that crucial early tech lead and an advantage over our enemies in the long run . 
  as you wish . 
  as you wish . 
  it is tempting , but if we go for writing we should have swordsmen before the others . 
  are there others than the one with the asians ? 
  excellent . 
  i have read them . 
  sign again . 
  i do . 
  well done , teuton . 
  you should get your senses checked then :3, 
  fine . 
  but rhine shall remain the border . 
  press f to pay respects to proletariatcossack 's karma, 
  bias alert, 
  wow . 
  great . 
  and would you please tell your diplomat to handle things differently the next time we 're negotiating about something ? 
  wrong thread , teuton ? 
  i already have signed the treaties ... also those are the exact same as we already decided in this very thread . 
  ... fine ... 
  sign it , even though i was there making the treaties . 
  and sign . 
  i told you this in private , but i will tell this to the public as well . 
  it saddens me that the so-called `` diplomat '' of our closest neighbor is inept at negotiating and instead has to retort to such actions . 
  for them . 
  destroyyyyed, 
  oh yes ... 
  i considered doing this even before this was created but then forgot about it . 
  are there new ones or something ? 
  please no raging barbarians , all they do is be really freaking annoying . 
  sign it by the name of the supreme god zeus even though it 's not really necessary as i have already agreed to these terms . 
  it 's still annoying , remember the game we did where you wanted raging barbs and we decided that it was a horrible idea ? 
  still . 
  it is n't a challenge , it 's a hindrance, 
  we can get it with normal barbarians just fine . 
  all hail the mighty prussia it 's lead by zeus the supreme god ( that 'd be me ) r/oldfritz you know you want to, 
  this is needed since teuton is so bloody hasty . 
  is n't that depicting the nazi 's blitzkrieg against poland in wwii ? 
  god damnit cossack, 
  for those who do n't know , the jaegers were finns who were sent abroad ( mainly germany ) for military training because the finns were preparing for an independence war against russia . 
  however , that war never came , and when the jaegers returned they instead had to fight in the civil war left divisive scars in the people that did n't heal until the soviets * did * attack in the winter war . 
  i ca n't believe that the aussies got destroyed by the ashanti pikeman !, 
  the fuck is your obsession with karma ? 
  it 's a number that defines how popular your posts are . 
  yeah and the whole wobbegong armada was destroyed , too !, 
  now * that 's * impressive . 
  you ... you 're kidding , right ? 
  which district ? 
  and then continue to laugh at a guy who downvoted you once ( and for a good reason ) . 
  and half of your arguments were about karma as well . 
  i 'm a ristinarkku guy myself :3, 
  i 'm looking at your flair and being confused because gott mit uns is german . 
  and there we go again . 
  has it ever come to your simple mind that maybe i did n't downvote you ( that was a month back by the way , you remembering it further proves that you do have an obsession of some sort ) and that it was something else ? 
  do you have any proof that it was me ? 
  because , check this out : it was n't me . 
  `` this is n't karmafarm 2015 '', 
  `` gets x upvotes '' ( multiple times ),
