  if i could figure out how to edit the mod i might be able to do it . 
  maybe . 
  i 'll try at least . 
  eest ( +2 ) with summer time ( +3 ) that ends on the 25th . 
  two more weeks !, 
  two more weeks !, 
  ( that 'd be u/billyfred42 ), 
  stay strong friend . 
  how dare you , go fap to pewdiepie or something, 
  what the fuck is this ? 
  you are bringing shame to your country you pussy !, 
  you 're a goddamn swede , are n't you ? 
  that would be the one ruling sibir . 
  it 's not too late you know , the flairs can be edited at any time . 
  timur in beast mode would be laughable because they still would n't have any units . 
  much better, 
  i like it . 
  i 'll create the sub tomorrow as it 's 11 pm here . 
  edit : done, 
  holy shit i did n't even know there was 61 european civs . 
  middle east sub , r/thecradle created . 
  or they individually represent said bloc and not their nation . 
  i think mali should get it because the ashanti government were in the last city at the time of capture . 
  i think this is the best option . 
  now we just need to determine who gets the extra delegate . 
  i propose the civ that takes the last city . 
  `` rearrange '' dat autocorrect . 
  also i do n't think we need a `` leader '' . 
  edit : links added . 
  personally i think lizzy has the advantage in the war , too . 
  i probably should know this already , but what software do you use for making these ? 
  hey !, 
  listen !, 
  okay thanks !, 
  yes i know . 
  that 's still like fifty different mods for a tiny region . 
  it 's deity ai though . 
  i propose a month . 
  is this official ? 
  is n't autocracy right-winged ? 
  because this is very communist . 
  to be precise , power is `` valta '' in finnish . 
  but `` valtio '' ( state ) is derived from the word . 
  good point . 
  also known as the lapua movement based on the town where it sprung up . 
  also this is awesome . 
  and a little sad knowing what the movement was like . 
  what would it be like if the humans played 2 or 3 turns ? 
  fair enough . 
  fixed it . 
  yeah too bad i was first . 
  also prussia is n't playing , it 's eastern europe . 
  and i live there . 
  so get out of my coalition . 
  okay . 
  i 'm glad we came to an agreement so quickly . 
  also middle east and r/thecradle since i jumped ship before it even started, 
  done . 
  r/flowerwars . 
  there you go . 
  personally i 'm not a south america guy ... 
  consider this as a gesture of friendship from r/oldfritz , 
  done  would you like some text with your flair ? 
  r/thecradle is still there , it just needs a new moderator . 
  go to the stylesheet and edit every `` width '' to `` min-width '' , then add `` text-indent = 22px ; '' to every one excluding the very first one . 
  i 'm planning to get back into coding . 
  can you guys recommend good languages for games ? 
  yeah lua seems interesting . 
  every modded civ is quite a lot but sure . 
  okay that 's doable . 
  the names are hilarious for their commonity . 
  maybe add a kalle in there somewhere . 
  i see . 
  ee - writing, 
  what 's part 0 ? 
  sorry i could n't resist . 
  i see . 
  sure i can do that . 
  i know that feeling ... 
  and done . 
  rod : yea, 
  etl : yea, 
  ard : abstain, 
  ntd : yea, 
  rep : abstain, 
  no problem man , i 'm glad to help , 
  that works as long as there 's units around but after that it 's over . 
  this is a good idea but wo n't work in reality because we do n't have enough delegates as is , let alone if some nations get extra delegates . 
  good times . 
  that was like , what , a millennium ago or something ? 
  perhaps different delegates would vote differently . 
  there 's always those defilants , is n't there ? 
  that 's no fun though . 
  may pengu give you his blessing . 
  nothing much , it just allows you to modify the sidebar and stylesheet , sticky posts , etc. 
  protip : you can change it back with just changing around the file names of the vanilla theme and bnw theme . 
  same here !, 
  or you could go even further ... download baba yetu and give it the bnw theme 's file name :3, 
  i was under the impression it is . 
  got ta change the flair then .
