  which is why we will execute our plan . 
  sure i think . 
  and you know what ? 
  as a european , i agree :p, 
  yeah sorry about that . 
  i got lucky , it seems . 
  before the end of the month . 
  tpang has even confirmed this . 
  i do n't know how many times we need to go over this , the ingame happiness has no value in rp because of the deity ai . 
  in finland , the problem is that isis is recruiting our minorities here , which sucks . 
  it does n't really matter . 
  we asked for dublin , that 's what we got for a response . 
  he * did * say he 'll nuke you if you dow him . 
  it was him who pressed the button , sure , but you knew full well it would happen . 
  i 'm sorry to say , my friend , but ... 
  it 's kind of your fault . 
  [ sorry i could n't resist with the reference in the end , this is n't a threat per say as it does n't represent the views of the eu ], 
  the republic = quebec, 
  very true . 
  what ?!, 
  what is it that you 're pardoning him for ? 
  i ca n't wait to hear what it is xd, 
  sometimes . 
  and quebec 's gov did what wrong exactly ? 
  so you 're pardoning the people of quebec 's government for being in quebec 's government because quebec is full of traitors and succeeders ? 
  what ? 
   conquered both northern and southern africa for no real reason, 
  yeah because your attacks have been totally justified . 
  what crimes ? 
  seriously . 
  what crimes did they do ? 
  it was not a rebel government . 
  it was a breakaway nation . 
  quebec 's intentions were always peaceful . 
  it is incredibly ironic and hypocritical that the people of the `` only free nation in the world '' ca n't form their own nation . 
  it is the very core of freedom , is it not ? 
  [ the civil war happened because of ideological differences between the union and the confederate ( e.g. 
  slavery ) . 
  there were absolutely nothing between the pau and the roq . ], 
  that 's not an ideological difference . 
  in fact , the fact that you have no ideological differences was the biggest contributor of the breakaway ; you 're just doing things that are the exact opposite of your ideology . 
  no , you 're not doing the exact same thing we are . 
  to be honest , i do n't know what the fuck you 're doing . 
  and if you do n't , it wo n't be that good . 
  if you get my meaning . 
  oi do n't hijack my advertisement post you capitalist pig, 
  it 's not too late . 
  hey why the fuck am i the only tagged one , are you implying something ? 
  more drama !, 
  more action !, 
  more bloodshed !, 
  this ^, 
  something that would eventually improve the ai games, 
  he asked us for asylum . 
  we gave said asylum to him . 
  and because he 's an important person , we gave him some extra protection . 
  sometimes i miss the good old nokia bricks . 
  you have n't killed ben though . 
  imho your whole merge was ridiculous but what can you do . 
  no i do n't , atm it seems most likely that we 'll continue where it left off . 
  thankfully it seems like we wo n't have to do that . 
  i , for one , would love to have the game stable first of all . 
  i have zero experience with lua and i can tell the game is horribly programmed . 
  maybe they 'll improve multiplayer while they 're at it . 
  [ literally me ] ( https://youtu.be/a_sy2rjxq6m ), 
  do n't act so surprised buddy , you saw it coming . 
  and then you go and tell it to us . 
  just like that . 
  great work . 
  does n't matter , you 'll die either way . 
  and so will your little spy now that you grassed him for no apparent reason . 
  `` illegal '' , you say ? 
  ** this is war . 
  nothing is illegal . 
  treaties are there to be broken . 
  no laws exist in this world anymore . 
  and you ... will die . 
  how so ? 
  you 're safe in sevastopol , * much * more safer than what you would be if you were anywhere else . 
  you see , pau will soon be history . 
  ** oh that 's great , that makes for a much bigger bombing target . 
  he owns nothing . 
  we 're a communist nation , in case you forgot . 
  nah , the frontier will move far away from greenland and fast . 
  no he is n't . 
  no member of the commonwealth politburo is in control of any areas . 
  it 's funny , the war would n't have happened if the pau did n't attack quebec . 
  oh you mean that he 's the viceroy ? 
  that 's just a title . 
  not my problem . 
  that might be true , but we still declared * because * of quebec . 
  except that it literally is just a title , the politburo has still been in charge of the region . 
  we 've spoken nothing of it after `` yeah sure you can be the viceroy if that makes you happy '' . 
  hell , rival has n't even given his opinion when we 've talked about south africa . 
  the only times he 's even been in africa were when he 's was flipping cities . 
  i rarely do anything with the economy , you 're right . 
  that 's because we actually go by our ideals ( unlike a certain ( ex - ) government i know ) and everybody is equal . 
  i do n't do anything more with the economy than , say , reformer or prince , but i am there making the military decisions like kicking the shit out of you even though my title says nothing of military . 
  [ i 'm supposed to handle infrastructure . 
  that 's not really infrastructure .
