  whatever shall we do ? 
  the baguettes and romans do n't like us !, 
  we 're doomed !, 
  our diplomatic efforts have all gone to waste !, 
  dude we have n't decided any actions yet , so ... 
  wait . 
  we have n't decided any actions yet . 
  lady , i do n't know who you are or where you come from , but i sense something special in you . 
  something ... unnatural . 
  but , i like you . 
  and i 'm also slightly scared of you . 
  thus : if we succeed in madrid , the kingdom of the vandals will provide you with everything you need should you accept it : men , materials , a residence in carthago nova . 
  i only reformed the whole govt :p, 
  [ refreshing intensifies ], 
  to madrid !, 
  ... you do realize that we got screwed by a bug with the game engine and an error from brian , right ? 
  we were * supposed * to get a settler to north africa , but we got it in southern iberia instead . 
  and if that was n't enough , it 's bugged and wo n't move at all . 
  and care to clarify on us not taking the nation seriously ? 
  christ , sorry for doing actual rp . 
  the what ? 
  * note : the kingdom of the vandals will not be responsible for any collateral damage *, 
  that 's going to be fun to do when everyone has 50 cities . 
  i thought that was what you meant , but i was n't sure . 
  that 's a rule the host does n't * really * need to know about when running the game since it 's purely an rp rule . 
  that rule needs tweaking anyway because it 's * really * inconvenient due to the high amount of cities . 
  there 's nothing to ensure that people do that , both the ee and genoa assigned cities in the first part and that was it . 
  what if individuals owning cities does n't fit a faction 's rp ? 
  are you seriously implying the mighty vandals would do such things ? 
  we 're a * despotic * monarchy , not a feudal one !, 
  ( i own everything git gud skrubs ), 
  lmao get outlived m8, 
  * ~ this message was sponsored by / r/civhybridgames *, 
  well that 's the only thing they can do anyway , so ... :3, 
  and those who were n't . 
  also he saw us being the only ones doing advanced rp as a negative . 
  never change , danny . 
  yeah i always thought they were more the values of him winning even if said actions do n't make sense :p, 
  dude , that 's definitely in the grey area for being a shitpost . 
  i thought mallock made it ? 
  nope . 
  not falling for that one again . 
  i mean , i could do it for the sake of everybody else . 
  so it 's not original . 
  it 's cool everybody it 's out show 's over, 
  i saw . 
  nah the new part is blocking my view . 
   implying agur the great ca n't manage three cities, 
  i 'm finally going to get to see the fuckers die , i 've been waiting for this for so damn long . 
  well technically it 's not them . 
  happy cake day !, 
  says who ? 
  i already do . 
  `` yeah , the others can go to the moon , damn boneheads . '', 
  kids , do n't use google translate , stay in school and eat your veggies . 
  for now , yeah just me . 
  maybe that 'll change in the near future . 
  ftfy, 
  it 's been like that for about a day now , i wonder who did it ? 
  ( edit : it was me ), 
  so dead , raped turncoat ? 
  parties ? 
  and communication between parties might get interesting . 
  it 'll also enable some really fun rp . 
  watching my dad play iii when i was little ( something like six years old ) . 
  apparently he had played ii as well but i do n't remember that . 
  he was the one who introduced me to the franchise and now i have all of the main games and be . 
  yeah you rebuilt the map from scratch . 
  i care , 
  nice history joke, 
  alright everyone , / u/pitchforkemporium could n't make it today !, 
  i 'll be reselling them however !, 
  get them while they 're hot !, 
  sorry mate , but this is n't a shitpost . 
  holy fuck . 
  2 = population though . 
  and we need pop . 
  and you lost a city to our shite tactics . 
  how awful does that make you then ? 
  says you . 
  wait who 's anric ? 
  so you 're just going to ignore how we 're a kingdom and i made kingship hereditary then ? 
  have you not read the sub ? 
  babies . 
  the irony when you ca n't even properly speak english . 
  and if you want to take it back , then i 'll be waiting . 
  but of course . 
  it is true though . 
  uhhh ... have n't really thought about it . 
  i guess , but you 'd have a severe disadvantage . 
  because you 're french . 
  1d10 more like . 
  11 and you win . 
  since , after all , you 're french . 
  did you just . . ? 
  god damnit klonam !, 
  wunna ` ave a go , mate ? 
  swear on me mum . 
  yes , we do . 
  however .
