  it 's somewhat strange though considering you were at war three parts ago . 
  prediction : the world will be one massive civ in part 20 or so, 
  if you were n't aware , the `` western pigs absorbing us '' was our idea . 
  go back to the darkness where you came from , or we will make you go . 
  i warn you . 
  you 're an enemy of the union now . 
  that does not mean it was n't initiated by us easterners . 
  i 'm sure we can provide you the funds you need . 
  how much ? 
  alright . 
  i ca n't say how much we can give , i think / u/thyreformer knows better . 
  close the fucking borders , he has n't crossed over yet . 
  that involves the borders of western siberia as well , / u/mob _ cleaner . 
  now , seeing as we do n't have railroads in the east or researched flight or combustion , the fastest vehicle we have is the horse . 
  and there 's no way he has reached any of our borders in a day on horseback . 
  you made it on the front over a thousand miles on horseback in a day ? 
  i doubt that . 
  i do n't , seeing as the article says `` left that morning '' and you said you were in berlin yesterday it would make sense though . 
  well you could argue on that superpower part . 
  i thought it 's somewhere between ( or on ) jan 3rd to 10th ? 
  do n't worry / u/zalminen , we 're coming to rescue you . 
  it was some legendary ai shenanigans ... nothing to do with us . 
  i can do the one luna ca n't . 
  make it compatible with ios 7 pls, 
  anyway good idea . 
  this community really needs to learn to be more patient . 
  i know and i 'm sorry , i do n't know what came over me . 
  hey you posted something that got positive karma !, 
  that 's new :p, 
  damn that was disheartening to look at your cities burning every fucking slide because of retarded ai ... 
  press f to pay respects to the millions of citizens that died for no reason at all . 
  yeah i like how nasia 's event was that they wanted to make peace with us by joining nam . 
  the thing is with siberia gone there is a slim chance we could 've taken any more cities ( we were willing to negotiate peace anyway but they did n't even try to contact us ) . 
  and now ... they 're getting nuked by you . 
  it 's pretty ironic actually . 
  i thought they were an equal part of the commonwealth :p, 
  and these reasons with your merges are . . ? 
  and all the time the old europes have been buddies we 've been planning the merge . 
  that was before the two we merges . 
  he has plenty of followers and he is clearly not under any kind of supervision judging by this nonsensical propaganda he is constantly spewing . 
  it is more than possible that he orchestrated the mass murder . 
  he is clearly able to do so as well , as is evident by the slaughter of the western siberians . 
  but why would a nation burn her own cities and mass murder her own citizens that make the very core of their society ? 
  meaning they can retain their relative independence for a small ... sum . 
  i still have n't finished reading through mexico-iceland v argentina-carthage : pp, 
  you 're a ghost and you 're full of shit . 
  hell , the whole merge was * your * idea . 
  oh no , a random person i 've never seen on this sub is accusing us of lying !, 
  how terrible ... 
  that 's right , we vassalized you so we would n't have to worry about you murdering us . 
  how do you know ? 
  you come out of nowhere ; nobody has ever seen you . 
  first you say that you are a humanitarian . 
  then you claim that killing entire populations is easy ? 
  i 'm sorry , but i ca n't see why anybody should take you seriously . 
  top bants keep it up guys . 
  you did n't answer his question . 
  lmao, 
  he 's not wrong though . 
  which we are not . 
  you have nothing to back these accusations . 
  absolutely nothing . 
  you 're like a louse ; you do n't harm anybody , but you 're annoying , hard to get rid of but ca n't be ignored . 
  [ meta : not really ], 
  * stays quiet *, 
  even if the civ we use happened to be the uk does n't mean that the west is somehow better off in the merge . 
  you really need to wrap your head around that . 
  and the fact that there is n't any east or west anymore . 
  just europe . 
  also the settlers could easily be from the old ee territories , they 're not all gone . 
  i 'm afraid the samples were lost , they were photographed however but only a few survived . 
  well if the whole virus is extinct , we do n't need a cure . 
  what i think we should do is work towards * preventing * such tragedies . 
  limerick why, 
  okay that should n't trigger it anymore . 
  they were lost during the outbreak . 
  what you 're looking at above is a photograph from the year 1099 , right when the outbreak started . 
  that 's the latest one , after that the samples were destroyed . 
  yes it was fucking dangerous . 
  if we left it alone , you and everyone else on this planet would be dead by now . 
  it was a sacrifice that had to be made in order to preserve the humanity you so passionately are trying to defend . 
  now we will start to rebuild and perhaps someday siberia will be the place it was before this . 
  it was n't cured , nobody has ever claimed that . 
  after we contaminated the disease , the remaining samples were destroyed . 
  the disease was n't cured , we burned it into extinction . 
  i wish we had a cure , but we did n't . 
  this was our last choice . 
  and listen buddy ; you 're fighting a lost war here . 
  even if you were n't talking bullcrap , you still would be some random guy who just randomly popped up one day talking shit about the biggest nation this planet has seen . 
  the only power you have is in your venomous words , and even they can be easily seen through by most people . 
  what are you even trying to achieve here ? 
  we 've given you a reason those people were killed and even provided proof for you ; yet you still are trying to claim we 're lying and have zero arguments backing them . 
  just stop man , we can keep arguing about this for a week and things still would n't change by the looks of it . 
  i like how cas did n't even use nuclear weapons , the narrator just made a little mistake . 
  wow i 'm slow ... 
  i only just realized the connection between tr making you clean our mess and your username . 
  once again , you dodge a question . 
  i 'm really not surprised . 
  what are you trying to achieve ? 
  why are you doing this ?
