  ( afterwards ) remember sweet europe , we killed you after all !, 
  your lands we take , your heads on stakes , and your hearts beat no more !, 
  edit : you 've still got a datlof in there :d, 
  ~ ~ datlof ~ ~ europe remembers, 
  this is an old song , so ... 
  you ca n't tell us what to do !, 
  damn you ige !, 
  that 's great news !, 
  good luck to wherever you are going ~ ~ empirepowers ~ ~, 
  oh man , this is going to be ~ ~ awful ~ ~ great . 
  edit : it was great . 
  well done . 
  all hail the reformer !, 
  glory to europe !, 
  caps lock motherfucker do you speak it, 
  do n't make me laugh , morgan will drown you in rum, 
  but balloon can not into space, 
  this is the battle royale though, 
  and son , you are about to get rekt, 
  i see that, 
  this . 
  honestly i was almost rooting for casia . 
  until they went mad and nuked everyone of course . 
  well i mean i sped run through the part when making it , so it 's pretty fitting . 
  damn it tpang , i thought we told you not to get kidnapped by drop bears !, 
  i did n't actually :p, 
  oh and just to make this clear this is n't official at all . 
  i 'm down and for starters i will jump into the pau to fuse our governments !, 
  i was n't . 
  the game would n't have been the same without you . 
  thanks , dude . 
  inventing mergers , honestly . 
  well ... ... 
  oh , thanks !, 
  i guess you could say that ? 
  one year club !, 
  okay here 's what happened : we fired the weapon and waited for ice because he sent us a message at some point or something . 
  i would go with casia . 
  they played the game so well even with mergers . 
  * we * are ready for our first game . 
  and , well ... 
  if you , the people down below , want to join our game ... 
  now would be a good time . 
  am i the only one here who kind of likes be ? 
  they made a sub for that ? 
  at some point yes . 
  very well . 
  if you wish to get bored in this world , i understand . 
  i wish you all the best . 
  it was a pleasure knowing you . 
  i thought you retired ? 
  no they do n't . 
  it was n't a fu move , it was necessary to keep the game going . 
  just saying . 
  if the world 's most wanted would truly be evil , he would have killed you ten million times already . 
  you 've got ta let go my friend . 
  we 've guided the people of this world for millennia . 
  i think they 've learned enough to take care of themselves . 
  what do they even need guidance to ? 
  you 've basically reached utopia down there . 
  torturing ? 
  that 's up for you to decide . 
  do you really think this world is any different from the others ? 
  you already are a gamemaster . 
  you have been all this time . 
  at this point it 's basically whichever the sub accepts as canon . 
  good luck reaching it without the space station . 
  oh wait you ca n't . 
  take it ... or leave it . 
  what do you think you 're governing there anyway ? 
  the world is at peace . 
  there 's literally nothing left for you to do . 
  it 's in another dimension . 
  and you do n't know which one . 
  and we could 've shot your planet down whenever we liked . 
  but we did n't . 
  and how do you think you will do that ? 
  here 's the thing . 
  we need to find a reneissance italy . 
  you need to find the specific reneissance italy from the infinite amount of reneissance italys that exist where we are . 
  hence you finding us is impossible . 
  unless you come along . 
  maybe you can clone yourself so you can both come with us and stay down there ? 
  good point . 
  and according to my rp it is . 
  we have a slight problem here . 
  yeah but my rp is cooler in my opinion and also it involves everybody . 
  if everyone would just get their asses over here , that is . 
  maybe vote on it ? 
  let 's let the others decide :p, 
  have you heard about the new movie lazer team ? 
  yeah but i want my rp because i have a really touching post called `` the end '' in the plans where everybody is friends and then we leave to the other world and it 's cool and everybody is friends : c, 
  why would we go back for supplies though ? 
  you need to let this world go . 
  only then can you prosper on new earth , 
  we 'll land on the planet with a submarine . 
  we can fish for food . 
  we have a bit of a problem with lego , basically we need to decide who 's rp we 're going with . 
  the eu/pau joint spaceship with the small crew that goes somewhere that looks like italy in this universe , or everybody coming up on the godkiller and we 'll jump the dimension together . 
  yeah you still kind of were at war like a part ago when it happened .
