  that 's true but the only reason for that is because they 're going to get molested by finland when the time comes . 
  how so ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  kekkonen is the mastermind of the battle . 
  i have no idea what he 'll do next ( both ic and ooc ) . 
  this is really nice actually . 
  irl the nazis and the ussr were allies too . 
  then they started wwii . 
  and then they invaded ussr , the state they made an alliance with . 
  ... and then they attacked them . 
  it 's called backstabbing and it is n't that uncommon . 
   what happened to the texans, 
  me : `` i think they all died '', 
  ah shit wrong thread . 
  that 's true . 
  maybe it will happen in the next century . 
  maybe it will happen tomorrow . 
  maybe it wo n't happen at all . 
  who knows ? 
  ... what, 
  that works i guess . 
  to quote me from yesterday :, 
   ... what, 
  why did we move ? 
  nassau was more than sufficient . 
  my name is ukko heikinpoika . 
  and the pirates provided excellent protection as well . 
  not really a holiday but it 's the anniversary of the end of world war i as well . 
  might have some connections with the veterans ' day . 
  thank you for dying for our entertainment . 
  the corsairs would decimate them in a couple turns though . 
  them portugese will regret buildin ' them coast towns . 
  it 's not my `` fault '' , i made the sub for eea but they made their own sub after mine and decided to use that one . 
  it was explained in the post i made but you decided to remove it . 
  i made the sub for eea . 
  they however made a sub themselves ( a little bit after me ) and decided to use that one . 
  it would make much more sense if the attacker discovers the tech it would become obsolete for them only . 
  does n't mongolia have a bigger military than you ? 
  although , as we 've seen before , a big military that does n't do anything is n't really a military at all . 
  but it 's true :p, 
  i would n't worry about them too much though . 
  they 've become more boring than you , 
  sweden has n't sniped anything yet though . 
  finnter 's cuming ... 
  no , all credit for those goes for sweden . 
  kekkonen tried to snipe gdansk though ... 
  as support , i changed my flair to the french one in the main sub for the duration of the mourning period . 
  ^ ^ french ^ ^ fries ^ ^ are ^ ^ from ^ ^ belgium ... 
  i 'm changing it for the next three days . 
  too ... 
  many ... 
  references !!!, 
  also 99 users and two short of norway ... get rekt, 
  i wonder what it is currently ... 
  already done :3, 
  petition to cancel todays episode if france is knocked out in it, 
  god damnit , not going to school really fucks up your schedule . 
  iirc think that was belgium too . 
  i 'm not american though . 
  but we do call them french anyway :p i think belgians named them that way . 
  yes , as i just said . 
  that 's basically what this is . 
  it 's implied but not ratified . 
  bs : nay, 
  pa : abstain, 
  between you and me i was n't even expecting my proposal to be voted on . 
  and artillery ... welp, 
  how 're the resources spread ? 
  it 's like the bible , it 's 3000 years old but some people still take it literally . 
  approaching u/tpangolin for not having the filipino flairs faded yet, 
  how is it severely ( i assume that is the word that you meant to use ) ? 
  all it says is that the delegate of the civ that is killed completely ( which is rare ) needs to change civ . 
  it 's practically in use already but it has n't been ratified as far as i know . 
  ( but the proposal makes it official ), 
  and thus , the former filipino delegate 's move to being the catholic delegate remains illegal . 
  the original rod is active , yes ? 
  you know , delegates having to transfer into their conqueror 's government ? 
  it was not . 
  not if the archives are correct . 
  then that means we have no laws regarding eliminated delegates . 
  i guess she found a loophole . 
  ^ ^ it ^ ^ would ^ ^ be ^ ^ nice ^ ^ to ^ ^ fix ^ ^ said ^ ^ loophole , ^ ^ though, 
  1 tech behind them and the boers . 
  first thing could be the term length , there should n't be any complications and then that 's over with . 
  i do n't know about that ... * cough cough * higher in the rankings * cough *, 
  by the kimberly . 
  sorry mate . 
  we should really get back into it , the thing is after the computer ban i was tying up loose ends and then got sick . 
  i 'm better now , i just need to get around to making the slides again . 
  also we need to decide on the colors . 
  this would be cool if a br did n't take a year . 
  honestly i think that 's how long this will take . 
  and i 'm totally down with that . 
  24/7 with screenshots taken continuously ? 
  not happening , sorry . 
  look , unlike you who goes to war for something like this , i wanted the best for my kingdom . 
  a petty civil war would n't help anybody . 
  or the spqr if called by the civ name . 
  the king was the one who brought up the idea of a republic in the first place . 
  i 'm glad that jorvik is coastal , you have a life-long supply of salt in the sea ,
