  also this is exactly the reason why the idea of forcing people to tell everybody their plans in meta is fucking stupid . 
  yeah but it did make things hella more confusing . 
  yeah . 
  we might not be the characters we rp , but we make decisions for them . 
  i thought it was not until may !, 
  but i should have time to fill you in for the time being if you do n't have any better candidates . 
  although that will leave genoa with just / u/mrklonam and / u/canadian _ christian ... 
  never, 
  ninja sex party , it 's completely unrelated to everything but that 's what i 've been listening to almost exclusively for the past couple of weeks . 
  wow that 's racist, 
  #genoa denounces the austrians ( ( not really ) ), 
  google it they 're amazing, 
  alright . 
  this week has come and passed ,, 
  the sardinians can never last . 
  wake me up when the next part comes . 
  like my teammates come to pass ,, 
  72 hours have gone so fast . 
  wake me up when the next part comes . 
  here comes the riot again ,, 
  falling from the stars . 
  drenched in my hype again . 
  grab your pitchforks and then run . 
  ( please do n't ), 
  as my memory rests ,, 
  wake me up when the next part comes . 
  this week has come and passed ,, 
  the sardinians can never last . 
  wake me up when the next part comes . 
  ring out the bells again ,, 
  like we did when part 3 came . 
  wake me up when the next part comes . 
  here comes the riot again ,, 
  falling from the stars . 
  drenched in my hype again . 
  grab your pitchforks and then run . 
  ( dear god no ), 
  as my memory rests ,, 
  wake me up when september ends . 
  this week has come and passed ,, 
  the sardinians can never last . 
  wake me up when the next part comes . 
  like my teammates come to pass ,, 
  another 24 hours have gone so fast . 
  wake me up when the next part comes . 
  wake me up when the next part comes . 
  wake me up when the next part comes . 
  yeah it 's doable albeit a bit slow , 
  i suppose it could be because the ayys still have that prophet ? 
   sweden sweeping across finland after finland makes serious gains in siberia, 
  yeah , sure , that will happen, 
  finland has shitloads of paratroopers , they 'll be back home in a matter of turns . 
  among others . 
  anybody ? 
  i can sing it i guess ? 
  ... what ? 
  holy shit . 
  get yo hype face on, 
  or i 'll find a karaoke version online because i 'm lazy . 
  yeah . 
  it proved slightly unstable and also kind of useless so it was taken out from mkii . 
  instead , now there 's people making the names themselves . 
  it 's `` glorious shall europe be '' . 
  i have n't yet . 
  murderer . 
  25th of march , 9:30 utc . 
  clicked on the sub by accident . 
  most likely . 
  except two million civilians . 
  excellent question my friend . 
  you 're a criminal organization and you expect us to believe * that * ? 
  if they did there would be nothing you could do about it . 
  so i advise you to watch your tongue . 
  you know , it would be way too nice of an offer to pass when you are offered the slaughter of an entire minority in a city for exchange of a higher position in the government . 
  face the facts ; they outnumber you 10 men against 1 . 
  pulla is bun in finnish . 
  also i 'm higher in the mod hierarchy than cossack so this is now official canon . 
  why was it done then ? 
  your organization 's arm stretches far , surely you must have people in the neapolitan royal family . 
  very well . 
  that seems to be the best . 
  thanks mop . 
  much appreciated . 
  why ? 
  oh i know that . 
  nice flair by the way, 
  i just made that joke on our sub . 
  what is this ? 
  just like before !, 
  * quietly deletes post and walks away discretely *, 
  that is fucking amazing . 
  ouch . 
  irl italy has about 61 million . 
  i was a bucc supporter back in mki and still am , but not as my primary . 
  hence the flair . 
  but on the other hand they used to be # 2 . 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/aqthefanattic, 
  pau victory was an elaborate coy to hide the fact lego was an eu symphatizer all along !, 
  confirmed !, 
  `` i am there making the military decisions like kicking the shit out of you even though my title says nothing of military . '',
