  and then some tantrum about what gives you karma and what does n't . 
  yeah definitely not arguments using karma . 
  yup . 
  oh by the way that last paragraph was sarcasm , thought i 'd clarify that or else you probably would n't have realized it . 
  and you just won the award for `` most hypocritical comment on r/civbattleroyale '' . 
  i congratulate you . 
  not . 
  and if you 're not concerned about karma , then why do you go apeshit when you * think * someone has downvoted you ? 
  it makes no sense especially when you do it over comments . 
  also i like how when you do n't have any good counterarguments left you retort to `` i 'm not going to talk with you '' and then proceed to talk to me . 
  let 's see ... ah here we go . 
  `` i 'm dying with laughter here . 
  mattythefrog , quite frankly , brigading my honest reply ? 
  sorry buddy , i wo n't be out of karma and unable to post for a while . '', 
  ( lol you did n't even have the guts to link him ) . 
  or what about this ? 
  `` yes , because downvoting me is ic . 
  i have n't downvoted you yet , and i wo n't , because i 'm not going to resort to that sort of thing . 
  have you actually read anything about the world fair location selection process ? 
  i 'm pretty sure someone stated that we did n't need to choose hawaii . 
  also , this ai n't really politics . 
  this is more of a diplomatic subreddit . 
  yes , i do dislike you ooc now . 
  because the post was half-ic , and half-ooc . 
  the half-ic i actually like , delegates arguing , but the half that was ooc ? 
  no , just no . '', 
  you really do n't have anything do you ? 
  this guy ( or girl i do n't care ) , while we were rping in the congress , came to me saying that he disliked me ooc . 
  later he told that it was because i had supposedly downvoted one of his comments ( which was outside of the discussion by the way ) . 
  when he decided to , out of nowhere , go on another tantrum and even insult other people over it , i snapped . 
  ten-minute submission limit ( ten minutes are n't much by the way ) do n't come from one guy downvoting you . 
  and yes , i 'm using month-old you as an argument when it seems like you have n't changed at all from that . 
  seriously . 
  one downvote means nothing . 
  it could 've been some random lurker accidentally clicking the downvote button . 
  it 's not the end of the world if that happens . 
  `` considering you 've just insulted me , i 'm really going to listen to you . '', 
  there . 
  found it out in ten seconds . 
  was n't that hard . 
  seriously ? 
  how the fuck is that an insult ? 
  and i do n't want to repeat myself , but ten minutes is nothing . 
  who said you were listening ? 
  i do n't know and i do n't know what kind of context that question has . 
  what does it say ? 
  did n't we sign this in r/civhybridgames already ? 
  give it a bottle of spirit or beer . 
  yeah but when you try to add them ? 
  what does it say then ? 
  so you got the flairs working ? 
  great !, 
  sorry for not being able to help with this , i was n't allowed to be online for a week . 
  ( now i have a lot of things to do , wee ) . 
  you would 've been first on the priorities list though , 
  stay strong , we all know the pain that comes with having no computer . 
  you can do it as well and it 's really easy . 
  just go to r/cibhybridgames/about / flair and choose link flairs and add them . 
  it wo n't add color though but i can do it when i get home . 
  what colors were you thinking of ? 
  do i still have time ? 
  ey : yea, 
  rc : nay, 
  okay . 
  how so ? 
  you need to be more patient man . 
  probably not . 
  this only affects those who have been killed completely . 
  some nations like the sioux will probably even retain their capital because ai . 
  yeah . 
  game speed to quick and four civs . 
  what i propose is that we form international teams for the game . 
  it 'll just take a couple parts . 
  it 's a test run . 
  it does n't change a thing . 
  just a proof of concept . 
  what if the world will live in harmony starting from turn 400 ? 
  of course . 
  screw peace though . 
  i like how when they die , they lose the ai bonds . 
  actually i think our open borders with ussr have ended . 
  this is one of them , i guess . 
  are you picking a fight here ? 
  my votes are none of your concern . 
  do i sense sarcasm in your voice ? 
  it is not your or my job to question our leader 's choices . 
  then you do n't know president kekkonen . 
  well you 're very welcome . 
  that is true . 
  however he also told me to vote yea on your embargo . 
  well that is n't of my concern , really . 
  he did though . 
  you just do n't know when to stop , do you ? 
  again , your believing in me is n't my problem . 
  urho told me to vote yea and that 's the end of that . 
  you sir , are what people call a genius . 
  where 're urho 's magnificent glasses ? 
  of course urho kekkonen did n't tell me to embargo yakutia . 
  but the voting we both do here is rp . 
  so it does n't matter .
