  they 've already teamed up with the irish and the filipino , and we have alcohol . 
  or dave ... 
  but there 's no help crying over every mistake, 
  i ca n't stop watching this send help, 
  i wish i knew . 
  ye be not true pirates ... do ye even rum ? 
  have ye ever actually pillaged something ? 
  do ye have yer own way of speaking ? 
  i thought not . 
  go home , landlubbers . 
   we be havin ' water, 
  fixed that for ye . 
  also , ye heard of `` double nationality '' , me hopes . 
  only just now ? 
  my hype began a month ago . 
  it wo n't be streamed, 
  also 12 pm aest, 
  all i know is sweden will get their asses kicked the shit outta them  :d, 
  he is not streaming it, 
  he streamed the first br and the occasional tests . 
  well hey , we have the imgur album coming up in an hour : ddd, 
  that 'd be really useful considering there 'll be like 20 wars going on at once !, 
  prepare your anuses and f5 keys !, 
  rip f5 keys, 
  finland has the j\u00e4\u00e4k\u00e4ri , which replaces riflemen . 
  a little weaker than riflemen , but it gets free exp with every turn it spends in friendly foreign territory . 
  that 's under half an hour !, 
  fuck the police, 
  buy , definitely . 
  the power rankings themselves said that sweden is going to be humiliated so the only threat they have is the ussr ... and we know how that 's going to go . 
  it 's a little lacking , but still very very good :d, 
  that pattern in the sea though . 
  go go power rankers, 
  judging by the religion map in the very end , finland settled a third city east of modern-day tallinn . 
  maybe the religion map in the last photo could help ? 
  you wo n't be alone for long, 
  good luck with your two cities, 
  it 's a little long ... 
  otherwise great !, 
  yeah that 's true . 
  yeah !, 
  i do n't see a reason why it would n't . 
  pussweden do n't deserve a sub though . 
  by blackbeard 's beard , i have a grammatical error in me title . 
  arr , no can do . 
  i be pourin the booze on yer pathetic arses and light ye on fire , ye mutinous shark-bait . 
  +11 flairs and position 25 ? 
  wow !, 
   what civ will go out after sweden ? 
  ah but of course . 
  thanks . 
  good idea . 
  or maybe we could donate to the national hockey team so they can kick more ~ ~ puss ~ ~ swedish ass ? 
  only lord nebby knows . 
  and tpang . 
  arr !, 
  i 'd like to see you and your two cities try , 
  nay . 
  alliance denied . 
  ye lot arr not welcome aboard this ship . 
  i 'm fifteen and find this comment offensive . 
  lol sure , i 'm not one of those teens . 
  every time i 've had the chance . 
  10-15 probably . 
  good luck with your three cities, 
  the buccaneers are a naval civ and this way they have a lot better access to the pacific . 
  lol just kidding burn them, 
  hey look , it 's ... 
  wait what flair is that ? 
  japan . 
  you 've done ~ ~ so little ~ ~ nothing this game so i nearly forgot , sorry , 
  only religion i know is sauna , sisu ja salmiakki, 
  look everyone the turtle is interacting with people, 
  i have been here a while but did not know this exsisted . 
  thanks for posting this !, 
  alright , thank you . 
  i 'm up for this . 
  i think it could be better if the wars were united . 
  aka the poll would be france , nazis and sparta vs rome and not france vs rome , nazis vs rome and sparta vs rome . 
  that would mean 122 pics though . 
  because i 'm apparently retarded and read that your comment said `` twice '' . 
  i looked for it for like 30 minutes back in the day . 
  this will become really nice late into the game . 
  because , you know , graphs are n't that interesting if there 's two things in the timeline . 
  i 'm 15 , a last-year student in a secondary school in finland . 
  next spring will have a major impact for the rest of my life . 
  i love video games , favorite series ' are civ and zelda . 
  i also play percussive instruments in my local conservatory but i might quit it after this year ... 
  first civ i 've played was iii when i was about seven years old , but v is the first civ i 've played seriously . 
  found the br through the steam overlay back in march , i think . 
  sell , they 're gon na get boxed in by the zulus and kongo if they do n't do anything soon . 
  turku is already boxed in , we should all thank gustavus for the free city , 
  now i 'm gon na feel bad when he eventually gets killed . 
  thanks a lot dude . 
  i think it 's firaxis with tarcisiocm 's ua . 
  mate you 're called snoreway for a reason, 
  oh hey , it 's sweden !, 
  i 've been meaning to call you . 
  i want to thank you , on behalf of the whole finnish empire , for that city you just gave us  turku is already boxed in , send our regards to gus , will ya ? 
  i supported ( and still do support ) the bucs , but when finland was announced to be in the battle , as a finn i had to pick finland as my flair .
