winter war anyone ? 
  i think kim jong-un would take that as a declaration of war . 
  i preordered it and then i cancelled it and now i do n't give a shit . 
  it will . 
  that 's originally not 1d though . 
  funny how it looks a bit video game-y . 
  nice one . 
  yeah , i read about that on gwr gamer 's edition 2015 . 
  't was pretty cool . 
  why must you torture me ? 
  plot twist : it 's a default phone wallpaper, 
  best comeback in history . 
  you should visit finland , where we drink tap water almost exclusively . 
  i like this . 
  i would n't mind if the schedule was n't that precise ; i think it would benefit all of us to have some idea when the next part is coming out . 
  edit : typing with a phone is hard, 
  `` it 's not our fault that gamers want a patch for the buggy game we made . '', 
  ~ rockstar, 
  we have these in finland :d they 're stupidly expensive . 
  at least they are warring period, 
  sell ; they might kill mali but france will obliterate them quickly after . 
  they seem to be very interested in the area . 
  maybe the skull and then hammer and sickle as the crossbones ? 
  the almighty morgan does not approve this flag . 
  the flag depicts rum , but he can not drink it . 
  great idea dude , please make them !, 
  this ... 
  i like this . 
  if you want ideas , you should reference the lone impi at some point :d, 
  i liked the old names . 
  at least we are n't getting our asses kicked across some pond . 
  #freespoole 2015, 
  #freespoole 2015, 
  this video had an insanely big impact to my life ... 
  thank you . 
  slow rap, 
  we are doing something , too . 
  apart from drinking . 
  we are waiting for a chance to strike . 
  and since you people are keeping yourselves occupied ... you could be next . 
  so watch your back . 
  yeah and the races of both sides is definitely an important thing here . 
  we are watching our back . 
  below 2 degrees ? 
  pfffffft . 
  that 's nothing , especially in norwegian standards . 
  never saw that one coming, 
  i smell a crisis brewing ... 
  swimming creates a small current in the water , which , after a while , starts pushing the swimmer forward . 
  he also slides on top of the water a little . 
  `` sign this research agreement or i 'll take you out '', 
  well , that was a plug and a half . 
  maybe tpang is actually our lord and saviour gaben ... 
  it all makes sense now ... 
  yeah , that 's what inspired me to write that post :p :d, 
  thanks !, 
  this is so dark ... 
  i love it !, 
  finland is not * openly * opposed to russia , our relations with them are pretty much the same as they were during the cold war . 
  we are opposed to them , but not politically ; russia is a big importer and source of tourism here . 
  russia 's presence is the main reason we have n't joined nato . 
  shit just got real . 
  maybe i was referring to it / s, 
  i remember that , i was infuriated . 
  i 've seen that sentence so many times it 's not funny anymore . 
  not the mad king !, 
  plot twist : edgar is the one in the hole . 
  i feel like if pt . 
  20 comes out , part 21 will too . 
  me want now !, 
  why the fuck are you playing pirate spoole ? 
  get back to editing . 
  *** now . 
  all hail the rum-powered one man thinktank . 
  ouch . 
  that must 've stung . 
  whatever is going to happen , it 's gon na be fucking amazing . 
  lol yeah like who the fuck would do that ... oh wait, 
  choo choo bitch, 
  neigh neigh !, 
  i 'm really , really confused right now . 
  then again that was your intention , was n't it ? 
  i heard that there was someone under the same name as / u/lordberric here who posted a `` second part '' of his fic which contained some nsfw stuff . 
  edit : it got taken down pretty quickly , too . 
  it 's actually [ this one ] ( http://civilization-v-customisation.wikia.com/wiki/the_turks ), 
  but i do n't see any reason why the inuits would be removed , 
  ok so in the sidebar , under the subreddit 's name and sub count , is the flair settings . 
  click edit flair . 
  a menu will be brought up and from there , you can choose the symbol of the civ you like . 
  in the bottom of the menu , you can also add text next to the flair . 
  click save , and make sure to have the `` show my flair on this subreddit '' - option ticked . 
  you will have the civ symbol and optional text next to your username when posting something on the subreddit , like i have the buccaneers ' symbol . 
  but that was only * the beginning ... *, 
  it was incomplete for like a week in a row after the ban of r/fatpeoplehate a couple weeks back . 
  i 'm starting to feel bad for the original users and the people behind the site . 
  already at it , it 's being planned for july 10th-12th . 
  down again . 
  no problem matey , always happy to help :d, 
  let 's hope so . 
  i propose no gilding until there 's a change .
