  that 's not really finnish , it 's `` rallienglanti '' : english ( with a heavy finnish accent ) written with the phonemic principle . 
  but it 's somewhat annoying that we hunt you down for two weeks and then you kill yourself but do the shit we were preventing anyway . 
  and i feel like the same rules should apply to suicides as well . 
  i like how you care about your people so much that you diss your own city names . 
  i think capitulations are find if the attacker in question has taken , say , 80 % of the defender 's cities . 
  if there is n't a death timer there is n't any point in assassinations . 
  i do n't know about that , i think capitulations should be a way of those nations that are totally doomed to surrender . 
  asking the world if permission merge the nation they would kill in the next part anyway into their nation seems a bit unnecessary . 
  get real , it was him . 
  besides , shandorin and him were the best buddies prior to this , it was fairly obvious they were working together . 
  exactly . 
  alright , but that does n't change the fact paris got nuked by two dead people . 
  oh well in that case i agree . 
  call me biased but the we-ee merge was the only one that actually should 've happened . 
  we planned it from part 3 and never were in that bad relations anyway . 
  i do n't find them any different from us for example . 
  well the part very clearly says you were killed , it 's kind of bull to be able to just brush it off with a `` lol i 'm still alive '', 
  so early as possible for you as well ? 
  true . 
  yeah i say no merges/capitulations . 
  hmm . 
  i have n't actually never played a full game on one sitting , how long is it ? 
  it does n't mean assassinations have to be made irrelevant . 
  there 's been multiple people saying that after assassination one must change faction , which would be 100 % fine . 
  immidiately coming back from the dead is not . 
  alright thanks . 
  5 what ? 
  gmt ? 
  perhaps . 
  you killed yourself . 
  that seems like you 're dead . 
  yeah that but it needs to be a new faction as well . 
  i got ta try this too . 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/aqthefanattic, 
  it 's fine that you 're still around , but we have some sorts of rules considering these and i do n't think you we n't by those rules completely . 
  it 's a little too late , but i think they can manage . 
  yes . 
  amazing . 
  truly amazing . 
  truth bomb at it 's finest . 
  one 's personal opinions must n't affect global relations on a larger scale . 
  automod can automatically remove post that say that . 
  yeah more people there would n't hurt . 
  i 'm sure the whole community wants to now when we can expect part 32 . 
  just a rough estimate would suffice for me at least . 
  that 's good to hear . 
  we have n't forced you to take part in the war before , we wo n't do it in the future either . 
  it 's fairly straightforward . 
  we 've actually talked with the mods of r/civaigames , they do n't want the game to be posted there because it 's not an ai game . 
  what a fucking mess ... again, 
  is rising tide worth it ? 
  that 's genius . 
  maybe i 'll just wait until the second expansion comes out , it will probably have the same features anyway . 
  but look at the city sizes . 
  so many overlapping tiles and the cities are fucking huge . 
  i wonder why :p, 
  but they overlap ... 
  yeah because you threaten to nuke everyone , that 's not very nice : c, 
  so much stuff from outside the civ subs :d, 
  and also 8.3 ppm ? 
  see this is exactly what i mean . 
  i wonder what it would be like if / r/civbrfiction was n't included ... 
  still ... 
  it 's not that i think it is n't possible , it 's just pretty ridiculous . 
  i 've played the game for 300 hours ( not much yeah ) and i barely get to 30 on prince which is my go-to difficulty level . 
  i thought prince was neutral = no advantages either way ? 
  that 's what the game implies . 
  damn . 
  same here , i wonder if cossack is the only one who imagines me fat . 
  again . 
  i 'm not * that * epic :d, 
  hmm ... 
  dark , short hair , just shy of 180 cm , normal weight . 
  a few pimple scars , but they do n't stand out . 
  do n't ask where i got that last one from . 
  i wonder if someone wants to be the yakutian delegate ? 
  for fucks sake this is even longer than the other one, 
  blonde ? 
  christ ... 
  also i just noticed ... 
  `` we 've * liberated * dublin from the casians '', 
  it 's our city dammit, 
  you do have a point . 
  [ ooc : i was wondering , is the character who the commonwealth had an argument with el jefe , the leader of mohson kahni or someone else entirely ? ], 
  such timing . 
  so ... el jefe was pulling the ropes all along and the republic is now eight ? 
  what a twist !, 
  i * think * i see what you did there . 
  it 's quite ironic that the only country in the world that supports `` freedom '' is also the most corrupt . 
  i daresay our people are much more happier how things are than the unionites . 
  also the fact that they slaughtered thousands of * our * people while they captured it . 
  that 's , uh ... 
  interesting . 
  we did ask for dublin . 
  do you know what we got for an answer ? 
  `` we 'll keep it as a bargain chip '' . 
  * this * is how the freedom-loving pau treats its people . 
  as bargain chips . 
  i 'd rather have had them as part of the turbanate honestly . 
  at least it respects its people ...
