  and the swiss resources are n't endless so it makes sense rp wise , too . 
  confirmed that this is exactly what happened . 
  you 'll get it for free next part / u/randy _ 3 . 
  mostly to make it harder to uncover the plot even if it fails , like what happened with the british heist . 
  they could 've easily just not include cityless civs . 
  one ig unit is a squadron , killing two gwb with like ten aa guns is far from impossible . 
  yes , sadly . 
  i should 've cleared that up with you first . 
  that 's only if you 're a city state though . 
  i do n't follow ... :|, 
  i meant that the way you explained abusing the mechanic does n't work unless you 're playing as a city-state , which you ca n't do . 
  ( except if you happen to be a vandal ), 
   if we were to apply your rule , then you ( as the player ) , would be considered under that same formula as a cs , and would as such also gain techs up to the 5 that the deity ai has . 
  what ? 
  we did it reddit !, 
  ohh , i meant that the cs tech formula should exclude cityless civs . 
  that 's true if you do n't want to count like every single time when mercs were sold in 3.5 . 
  what talley said . 
  you need to distribute your land among players , no matter what kind of rp you have . 
  yes . 
  he complained about me not giving the money ig , which imo would be pointless . 
  happy cake day though !, 
  yeah them not having land yet is reasonable , but everyone else not having land either is n't . 
  initial : 14, 
  resources : -2, 
  final : 11, 
  + / u/rollme, 
  ** success **, 
  soon ... 
  also / u/mrklonam has dibs, 
  narration, 
  it has uranium ... 
  technically it 's fine , but where 'd he get the capsule ? 
  no no , they started singing eric clapton . 
   implying that revealing strategic resources on the map are spoilers, 
  it will be shown in the part anyway , so why does it matter ? 
  it 's not like anybody can do somethng about it at this stage , deadline came and went . 
  he means civ iv, 
  i do n't even know what to say so just have an upvote . 
  tried that , it does n't even want to change the civ . 
  ige 's completely broken . 
  ayy we 're back to where we have been for like two weeks how about that shit, 
  alright so i was thinking that there 's a 24h period now , where you can modify your actions if you wish . 
  so yeah . 
  thanks to / u/thyreformer for the narration !, 
  ayy we 're back to where we have been for like two weeks how about that shit, 
  alright so i was thinking that there 's a 24h period now , where you can modify your actions if you wish . 
  so yeah . 
  thanks to / u/thyreformer [ +2 ] for the narration !, 
  edit : re-upload because i fucked up the title . 
  typical . 
  yeah . 
  did i not screencap that ? 
  shit . 
  haha , i was just playing with that idea as well :d, 
  they are and it did n't work , so . 
  confirming that this is happening . 
  this should make things easier for everybody . 
  the * only * shortcut . 
  i can format them now that i have less time to do , but thanks for the offer . 
  i 'd imagine you 're the go-to source for tips and all that and not me , though . 
  are there any recordings of the concert available ? 
  hey / u/canadian _ christian go make us some more popcorn, 
  both please sir !, 
  oh hell yes, 
  the rebuilding is proceeding as planned . 
  sssssshhhhhhhhh, 
  ikr , it 's great that there 's still activity in the sub . 
  * this message was sponsored by velcro \u2122 *, 
  i 'm still here ... progress with me doing the part so you could get 3.5 back up is slow , but it 's there . 
  i do n't really know why i have n't said anything here or on discord . 
  and it 's been over a month ? 
  sixty-nine ... 
  sixty-nine !, 
  d'aww thanks bby :3, 
  also yes, 
  theoretically i guess you could say so ? 
  depends . 
  i * can * , but me doing it is a whole ` nother question , since we seem to be moving on . 
  yup he 's telling the truth . 
  and the shitty thing about alts is there 's no way to control it , unless we set up some kind of weird registration thing but that * will * alienate the newcomers that we need quite fast . 
  wait i think games not finishing might alienate newcomers too, 
  some people sent actions to me through discord . 
  and he did n't really have a chance to pull said plots off , since , you know , me and stuff . 
  `` good host '' lel, 
  and i did n't know if i would join until now . 
  poland plox, 
  personal plots ? 
  i 'll think of something . 
  poland is really cramped due to both constantinople * and * moscow being like right there blocking every way of expansion except west . 
  no i 'm not biased what are you talking about, 
  useless desert which the kilwa will most likely settle first . 
  besides , it 's separated by the mediterranean . 
  get your cock out gay man !, 
  i am aleksy jagiellonski , duke of ( second city here ) . 
  i 'll do it . 
  is gibbing clay part of your services ? 
  well , mostly because we thought it was a good idea to make a separate sub for it . 
  but i 'd be up to trying again . 
  is poland in ?
