  we 're the laughing stock of the entire mediterranean , we need to improve our infrastructure . 
  besides , there 's something weird about those madridians . 
  i sent my general to the field on my stead since i went to conquer orleans , and the bastard made peace !, 
  i think there 's something fishy , and i need time to figure out what it is . 
  [ the ai keeps making peace , constantly re-dowing them is worthless and wastes the few resources that we have ], 
  ... you just lost a city to us . 
  you lost a city to those who did n't get a city from madrid . 
  you know what ? 
  i think you need a cookie . 
  have a cookie . 
  usually , the more people a city has , the more shitty it is . 
  and on the other hand , small cities are often considered idyllic . 
  and the city did n't really seem different from , say , marseilles . 
  and any shithole is immediately 10x less shitty when it 's not french . 
  as i said in the pm , it 's been done before and nobody had problems with it then . 
  i 'm all for it but it 's unfair to call me out on it . 
  and for the record i could have just as well misused the red war tag . 
  make france great again !, 
  ... wait ... 
  they were n't great in the first place !, 
  high five !, 
  d : arid pls i wan na know what the scheme is, 
  but my curiousness will not, 
  actually he got cancer . 
  ... wait what ? 
  but when it 's apparently fine when other mods do it and do n't get called out , it 's not fair to call me specifically out on it . 
  good job , you wonderwhored two wonders . 
  in the meantime , you could have used the resources you used to build those monuments to improve the lives of your citizens . 
  and what was it that made orleans apparently shit ? 
  because i was in marseilles once , and they were n't fundamentally all that different from each other . 
  are wonders really all you care about ? 
  so much , that you put them above your people ? 
  oh wait , of course you do n't care about your people . 
  we might not have the best manners in the world , but at least we do n't treat our people like animals unlike some certain kingdom named france i know . 
  so are your citizens judging by the way you treat them . 
  ignoring the fact you just used a whole city full of them as guinea pigs . 
  or so you claim . 
  there were several thousand people in the city when i stormed in . 
  and they did n't know anything about it . 
  or , we just , you know , waited for the panic to stop . 
  and i assure you , they were telling the truth . 
  yes and as we all know , the french are very trustworthy . 
  wait . 
  yes , i am sure that your citizens appreciate you losing a city to that very same nation that could n't even capture a city-state , despite your pledges to protect them from said nation . 
  you like rooster teeth ? 
  does it save the conversations ? 
  or do you have to have your chat room open 24/7 if you do n't want to miss messages ? 
  holy fuck . 
  that battle was the war basically . 
  man i want to go to rtx sometime . 
  too bad i live in the outback of europe . 
  oh yeah i 'm totally visiting australia some day, 
  okay seriously . 
  we deserve second to last place , but us doing rp is a negative ? 
  what ? 
  well i guess i 'm not surprised , you 're a pau dog after all . 
  nice . 
  oh and we have researched mathematics by the way so we know exactly what you were talking about . 
  clever . 
  ... i do n't think that 's how it works . 
  ... but we have researched mathematics . . ? 
  okay , you know what . 
  i 'm going to tell you a secret . 
  i did n't want to hurt your brittle french feelings so i did n't want to at first . 
  we can math . 
  you 're just so scum that if we used math on you it would just all go to waste . 
  and us vandals , we do n't like wasting maths . 
  madrid are even lesser human beings than you . 
  yes , it 's actually possible . 
  although not by much , you come a * pretty * close second . 
  so ... congratulations . . ? 
  it 's hard to do anything in time when half of the people involved are on the opposite side of the world . 
  i have our actions ready but i 've been waiting the whole day for one of our guys to finalize our plot . 
  but he 's been asleep / has other things to do , so ... 
  submitted . 
  good idea . 
  thanks . 
  will also cookie4link, 
  signed, 
  oh yeah that thing that * did n't * stop us from conquering the world . 
  good times . 
  wait where 's my comment ? 
  if it would 've been true to real life xcoms would 've been banned :p, 
  i only stopped being salty when i made the post stating that we roflstomped the pau in the end anyway and nobody objected . 
  at that moment i finally achieved inner peace . 
  and perhaps with the mini br , my bloodlust will be saturated as well . 
  i agree that it 's not the same , but it 's pretty close . 
  close enough . 
  yeah it was . 
  although it 's also the only one that went to endgame . 
  so here 's hoping for a successful chg 3 :d, 
  second :3, 
  i ca n't figure out what you 're saying because all i can hear is the voice of someone who did n't just kill talleyrand, 
  just a heads up, 
  i do n't need wives , i banged the whole female population of orleans, 
  that 's actually true check our event, 
  that was before he was french so it does n't count, 
  wait do you think you 're going to get rid of the vandals by conquering the kingdom of the vandals ? 
  hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha, 
  uhh no,
