  you getting even more people was the nail in the coffin . 
  we should alternate . 
  happy anniversary guys . 
  god damnit . 
  also it 's in the title so no editing ... 
  side note : i wish he had done it a day later , then the cbr and i would have the same birthday :p, 
  thanks dude !, 
  apparently . 
  good times . 
  you ca n't make official threads you 're not a mod, 
  \\  : ddddd, 
  our inability ? 
  i think you mean your inability to try harder, 
  too bad m8 request denied soz, 
  when that happens , we 'll be glad to have you on the team . 
  but until then ... 
  i 'm gon na make fun of you . 
  thank you !, 
  : dddddddd, 
  yup . 
  protestantism i guess ? 
  i do n't know why but the spikes used to ruin it for me . 
  everything else is a smooth transformation but the spikes just come and go and the object remains the same . 
  ~ me as a ten-year-old, 
  something something dark souls, 
  they still feel out of place . 
  almost everytime unless there is a big gap between me playing . 
  which is quite often actually . 
  i usually play one game on normal , not play for a couple months and then play another . 
  civ v is still my favourite and most played game on pc . 
  in b4 they buy a usb wheel . 
  i did and holy shit the game gets from great to amazing . 
  logitech driving force gt ( older ps3 model ) . 
  i have had it for a while but only recently realized i could use it with ets2 . 
  figuring out how to allocate enough time for the war room . 
  so nothing unusual . 
  okay cool , 
  oh my god . 
  i just had a vision . 
  i suppose most of us are 18-ish , then ? 
  we have universal basic income in finland . 
  a lazy working class definitely exists here ; there are people who do n't even try to seek employment . 
  well your navy is practically nonexistent , so ... 
  no , but it * has * changed . 
  yes , therefore it has changed . 
  and i only noticed it now . 
  of course !, 
  it 's never too late . 
  change flair plox, 
  welp . 
  reformer 's already dead and we barely even started . 
  so it begins ... 
  yeah but you ca n't join sardinia anymore . 
  ( join genoa pls ), 
  i think we should settle there eventually . 
  honestly i just made this for the sake of content on the sub . 
  and i 'm the kind of guy who thinks everything is a secret . 
  so be it then . 
  but it ai n't genoa !, 
  genoa stronk give us your money or else we 'll economically cripple you just cause we can, 
  woooooooooo, 
  well , we 're rich like irl genoa . 
  so we got that going for us : pp, 
  yes . 
  and i suppose you 'll take the new city ? 
  he ca n't come up with his own rules though . 
  was n't me . 
  option 1 seems to be our best bet right now . 
  if there 's someone who needs players it 's us . 
  we have the least players . 
   * over * use, 
  the catholic chrurch does n't exist yet . 
  well boo fucking hoo . 
  i like pulla . 
  not that i 'm aware of . 
  that would be pretty great , there 's been some citadeling in the border as well . 
  yeah like that one time when you ... oh wait . 
  * bursts in tears *, 
  yeah well that `` true nordland '' would be steamrolled in ten turns if kekkonen got his head out of his arse . 
  ftfy, 
  and nothing happens . 
  yay ? 
  i mean ... 
  this could be reality one day ... 
  right ? 
  right ? 
  suur-suomen imperiumi here we come, 
  jesus christ let 's not turn into / r/civbattleroyale , yeah ? 
  or it was because of the riot spam . 
  just saying . 
  this, 
  believe it or not , the red flair was originally meant for dows like this instead of shitposting . 
  i bought it a couple weeks back btw . 
  edit : also i like how the hybrid in this game is actually ai civ games , normal civ games * and * eu4 . 
  wow . 
  beautiful . 
  and it 's a great message . 
  even though we 've moved on , even though this is a new game with new factions and new rp ... 
  * none of us * will never forget game 1 . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ glory ^ ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ ^ commonwealth .
