  one reason is that there are n't that many of us but there 's over 300 bucs . 
  i 'm half-buc , but we are n't even a real nation ... 
  so you 're a little hypocritical , sorry . 
  finland : i 've discussed the matter with u/shandorin and we 've decided that i am the delegate for finland . 
  you ... 
  i like your thinking . 
  he was sarcastic , because as you know the ship sunk immidiately after leaving port :p, 
  i doubt it , as an ex-pirate he surely recognizes the beauty of the vessel . 
  finland : the huns are effectively taking down our biggest threat . 
  as such , we can not support this act . 
  baba yetu is where it 's at for me . 
  you mean the horde ^ tm , do n't you ? 
  what do you mean by `` too close '' ? 
  they hate sweden almost as much as we do . 
  i mean alliance until pussweden is gone . 
  after that , though ... 
  because i 'm not that good at formatting things yet, 
  images created by : reddit, 
  i was planning on posting something like this ... then i could n't come up with anything because there 's no words to describe how awesome this place is . 
  thanks for being part of it , everyone : dd, 
  aye , that makes sense in me head . 
  here 's the thing with the war of isolation :, 
  neither of the attackers have access to finnish territory without open borders with poland or the ussr . 
  now , in order to declare open borders , one of the civs must have civil service researched . 
  however , most of the civs do n't even have swordsmen yet . 
  thus , open borders can not be declared and neither the nazis nor the huns can even get inside the finnish borders let alone do any damage . 
  or they should expand to the north , cut the boer colonies off from their mainland and box them in at the same time . 
  more like they ca n't get here, 
  the spam shall finally ease ... 
  you know what this means ? 
  the battle is in wikipedia people !, 
  i 'm very honored by your nomination . 
  i , personally , am strictly against any cruelties done against humanity . 
  however , i represent finland - a nation between the soviets and sweden/norway - and can not give any promises that my nation will keep the promises the commission would make . 
  we may have not seen any bloodshed yet , but i feel it is inevitable . 
  i would love to take the position in the european bureau , but i do n't know if i can , given these circumstances . 
  it 's not a rap battle without this :, 
  holy shit this is as good ( if not better ) as the babylonian sub one . 
  yea, 
  finland supports this . 
  war in a world like this is inevitable and thus we feel it is unnecessary to sanction it . 
  i also noticed that yesterday . 
  however , i was n't sure if it 's always been there or it was added because of my proposal , so i have n't said anything about it here yet . 
  finland : we support this act as long as it does n't allow the violation of human rights . 
  patience , my friend . 
  patience . 
  yeah it 'll happen eventually . 
  i think it 's gon na be in part 7 , hence i did n't put it in . 
  ^ also ^ fuck ^ the ^ swedes ... 
  mali * and * carthage ? 
  what is this ?? 
  damn , i 'm in italy by then . 
  hopefully there 's wi-fi there :p, 
  i lol 'd, 
  he did n't spoil anything :p, 
  finland gives its support . 
  i live in tampere , finland , and it 's currently in karelia . 
  which would mean karelia has been given back !, 
  i prefer the uniques and it plays finlandia when you 're warring . 
  mate i thought i was making these a thing, 
  finland supports this suggestion by an unlikely nation . 
  a thousand thanks . 
  i definitely would but i ca n't ... 
  and if someone had even more free time ( not me ) , some could work out the approximate global population and the percentage of how many civilians die due to city captures . 
  also soldiers are people too . 
  it already exists : r/battleroyalejerk, 
  i want to say something here but i ca n't put it into words . 
  they fucking deserve it , bloody hell that was brilliant . 
  irrelevant to the actual topic , but i love your flair . 
  i highy doubt it exists ... 
  i 'm confused about the first question . 
  really ? 
  i thought we had n't even decided the civs themselves yet . 
  okay that makes more sense . 
  i can do the survey now :p, 
  finland has changed its opinion on this act and now gives it its support . 
  finland formally abstains . 
  finland thinks they are trying to say `` nay '' . 
  finland recommends the strange religions mod to everyone reading this as it adds new religions such as :, 
  - invisible pink unicorn faith, 
  - assassin 's creed, 
  - cult of cthulhu, 
  - order of the illuminati, 
  and last but definitely not least , the cult of triforce !, 
  aww , why not unforeseen ? 
  the situation has changed enough from last time for finland to give a *** yea *** . 
  i pledge to vietnam . 
  ( there can be multiple people in a coalition , right ? ), 
  soon \u2122 ... 
  you need to have your capital lost to the romans and acquire it back by someone else liberating it a couple thousand years later . 
  happiness under -10 so the civ goes to revolt ? 
  so are we ... 
  prepare your anuses , iceland . 
  good luck , dear s-g . 
  cripple as in take a couple cities so you 're completely irrelevant . 
  mexico . 
  i think it would be interesting to see what 's happening inside general potatoe 's head . 
  that is , in case there are things happening in there . 
  sure , i 'm in . 
  as much as i hate to say it , i agree with you .
