  sports and politics are deeply intertwined . 
  that was an accident , which resulted from bad condition of the plane , bad condition of polish army air force , bad weather and few other stupid decisions , basically lack of imagination . 
  whether russia or other forces used this to make poles argue about that is different matter . 
  poland 's constitution in 1791 was just a swan song , polish nobility then was rotten and cared more about their personal gain than poland itself . 
  also they did n't even want to cooperate with peasants , as they perceived them as worse people . 
  nothing could save poland then . 
  of course , it will be probably only non-pop song . 
  yeah , waging war on ukraine is totally unrelated , nu-uh , nothing to see here , move along tovarishchi . 
  yeah , if i would live in france trying to murder them , it would rather quickly get me into trouble . 
  you misunderstood me , i do not say this kind of behaviour should be accepted . 
  it is good that they told him to stop . 
  all i am asking is that at the same time we should try to understand why are they doing that and talk with them . 
  those things do not exclude each other . 
  i do n't understand why do you want to make me look like i accept this kind of behavior in europe . 
  i do n't . 
  but what i also do not accept is mindless bashing and saying ` hurr durr arab bad and stupid and intolerant ' . 
   but which takes precedent ? 
  [ why not both ? 
  ] ( https://media.zenfs.com/en-sg/homerun/vulcanpost.com/896bc98dbe04880ada18edf54ec81374 )  should we take a step backwards and allow people to put up signs like this of course not and i was not arguing with that . 
  i was arguing against seeing it in simplified way like the commenter i was replying to . 
  both are important obviously . 
  i am not proficient in arabic or iranian or any other muslim cultures to answer those questions precisely . 
  but all i can tell you is i am pretty sure that men in those cultures maintain such order because they believe it 's * good * for everyone . 
  they believe that women having their place at home is good for them , why exactly , you should ask conservative muslim about that , have you ever tried ? 
  now , i am not speaking of motivations of political leaders in those countries , because for sure ideologies and religions are used sometimes to oppress common folk . 
  but here we are talking about people who migrated to europe but still believe in those ideas . 
  by their logic it is , because they believe keeping men and women separate helps them both , from temptation and shit i guess . 
  i think it 's unreasonable but they believe that it 's for the good . 
  in iran they banned women from attending sport events to `` protect them from men '' . 
  as stupid as it sounds they believe that . 
  at least some of them . 
  i do n't like when someone implies that because some cultures separate tightly men and women they must be doing to opress . 
  even if that 's the final outcome we should understand the reasons behind such rules and discuss those underlying assumptions . 
  not bashing for the logical outcome of their assumptions about genders . 
  so maybe its russians who try to show they won by misportraying situation before when in reality they got nothing ? 
  poland can compete , surely . 
  sadly , i personally know people who believe taxes are robbery and basic income is for lazies who are parasites . 
  hell , there are even such people on / r/europe . 
  you would be surprised how many people live in denial and are convinced that trickle-down still works . 
  yeah , for some reason they go hard on greece , this only supports the idea its not about helping their economy . 
  see , i do n't understand why would you put a border and say this crisis ended and this new recession is something new and totally unrelated because we had some small rebound . 
  but yeah , not gon na argue about that . 
  you 're right i overinterpreted , kind of forgot how your original comment looked like over the course of the day . 
  but i still stand by my original point which is calling this a recession while might be right in some technical way in my opinion is just really not relevant when you look at long term data . 
   yea , universe is chaos , nothing matters , we 're all pawns in a bigger game , no rules exist , anarchy 4eva , we get it . 
  i never said that and now you try ad absurdum because i pointed out that `` rules '' you refer to are arbitrary ? 
  ok .  again , putting words in my mouth . 
  never said it was because of syriza , it happened after syriza 's rise to power . 
   you want to wash away the instability that syriza 's government has caused in the last few months yes , you do n't imply anything . 
  stop playing dumb . 
  you put on the table you want to show what you want and call it facts . 
  it is implying . 
  i simply have read it out for you . 
   the rules of economy dictate its a new one ahh the famous rules of economy . 
  it 's totally arbitrary and you know it . 
   i claimed greece was on a growth trajectory because for 9 months after 4 years of deep recession they had small growth ? 
   facts are facts . 
  you are bending reality to match your theories . 
  -0,4 and -0,2 are so small values that this can be attributed to a pigeon fart during some stock market day but you want to conclude from it it 's recession caused by syriza ? 
  that 's how i feel about everyone that bashes greeks and sees no problem with troika austerity policies . 
  really , since when ad personam has any value in discussion ? 
  yes , so if you ignore the months before and assume that this meager growth of 0.8 % is `` end of crisis '' then you can conclude this recession is new one . 
  does n't make sense to me . 
   greece has entered into a recession under the new government geez , and i always thought recession in greece and whole ez started in 2008-2009 after financial crisis . 
  i feel like now it 's not about solving debt problem in greece , it 's some kind of libertarian experiment , they will keep dismantling the government to find out how deep they can cut before total collapse . 
  as of now greece is no longer a sovereign country , it is now world 's first economy laboratory - something economists dreamt for a long time . 
   ah , it 's just you , that guy for whom anything that is n't communist manifesto is `` far-right neoliberalism '' . 
  google some pieces by gadomski and others . 
  and i never supported communism , oh wait you are just this guy for whom everything socialdemocratic is marxism , lmao . 
  wyborcze for many years supported neoliberal model of polish transformation , i dont understand why would you deny that . 
  the fact that recently they changed the tone a little might mean they start to shift towards center but if it will go like this we will need to see . 
  i was speaking from broader historical perspective , not recent times . 
   and from polish perspective it 's very leftist why would anyone shrink their perspective to only poland . 
  those are single pieces , there is broad spectrum of views in wyborcza and once again you pick what you want . 
   one of its journalist invited german far-left hooligans  another of its journalist wrote that day that ` patriotism is like racism ' wow that 's cool cherry-picking , that definitely demonstrates views of whole redaction , how about some actual content ? 
   and its editor-in-chief was praising russia and putin for a long time ( he stopped last year ) , he was going for valdai club meetings with putin year after year . 
  and his father was well known communist revolutionist first of all , putin was praised for a long time by many people and considering putin is far-right ( many anti-gay policies etc ) i have honestly no idea where are you going with that . 
   and his father was well known communist revolutionist oh wow , really like that matters . 
  why did n't start your post with stating political views of your family ? 
  i suppose because they do n't matter . 
   if this is not leftist from european perspective , what is ? 
  they do not advocate for abortion on demand , right to euthanasia and other things . 
  and i 'm not sure if they are that left nowadays anyway . 
  there is no large left-leaning media in poland unless `` not hating gays and not openly supporting church '' is leftist . 
  your ranking is so skewed in one side . 
  wyborcza is maybe only newspaper that supports gay rights but from european perspective its far from being leftist , its center now . 
  and about economical views all media are far-right liberal economy praisers . 
  well , it 's very ... blue . 
  there is clear agenda of portraying greek as people who are lazy and incompetent and they are 100 % in fault of their problems now . 
  if they would agree that greek problems come from structural fallacies in eurozone then it would need reforms , but as much as ez wants to reform greece , ez would n't want to reform itself . 
  someone might ask why , well i suppose current situation is good for richer ez countries i suppose . 
  as / u/europeansexmachine wrote already , this is a very broad , i would even say imprecise question . 
  i personally dislike all religious extremism , not only islam , but also christianity . 
  all people who think that god 's law should be above national law are a threat to stability . 
  so i would say moderately religious muslims are not a bigger threat than moderate christians . 
  it 's just so happens ( because of various geopolitical and economical reasons ) that percentage of radicalization is today higher among muslims . 
  i would like to remind everyone that just few hundreds years ago it was the opposite ( crusades during golden age of islam ) . 
  among people that finished studies with me a lot thought about doing so , but not many actually did . 
  so i would say it 's just talking . 
  yes , it is history but it was an example of a broken promise by law and justice .
