  what is wrong with trying to appeal to voters ? 
  after all parties are their representatives , so they introduce policies that the people want . 
  i have no idea what is your desire , you want hardline parties just for the sake of having heated debates and comedy ? 
  i do n't really understand this notion that there should be party a and party b and they should fight over every stupid thing , because one is right-wing and other is left-wing . 
  politics should be boring and pragmatic . 
  it 's not a goddamn circus . 
   as an economist i really do n't know what the term `` digital markets '' means . 
  well , so maybe time to stop speaking about things one has no idea about ? 
  on average yes , definitely more than western europe . 
  even those that do n't think of themselves as prude , say so because they compare themselves to other poles that are very conservative . 
  the land where donkey sex is more controversial than pedophilia in catholic church . 
   the kremlin 's ideology is overtly one of superpower and population displacement , the far-rightwingers are n't blind to that . 
  kremlin ideology includes strong , almost authoritarian rule , anti-lgbt , antiimigration , etc. 
  those are values praised by far-right . 
  i am not saying every european conservative party follows this scheme , but a lot of them are . 
  those parties do not seek ( in the long run ) for annexation by russia , they just want to introduce the same model of ruling in their countries . 
  and russia does n't need to annex them , russia just wants europe of authoritarian regimes that do not cooperate with each other because it gives them better leverage in negotiations with smaller countries that now hide behind eu shield . 
  strong , united eu is what russia is afraid , simply because of geopolitical reasons , undermining that by supporting anti-eu parties would lie very much in their interests . 
  i am not saying all of eurosceptisicm comes from russia but definitely they have business in sowing tensions inside eu . 
  as i wrote , this is just speculation . 
  but given the facts that kremlin ideology and those groups ideologies are similar and they often praise putin for his politics this is not really far-fetched speculation . 
  also russia would benefit much from eu dissolving , as they are trying make that happen in many ways , like oil and gas price manipulation , selective embargoes etc. 
  this is real and this is happening . 
  all nationalist and ultra-conservative movements in europe probably have ties with russia atm . 
  this is of course pure speculation but it would fit their information war very nicely . 
  they try to polarize western societies that are known to be more socialistic . 
  that 100 is going to get seriously disappointed with living conditions and wo n't do much probably . 
  2000 volunteers go help with ebola , but 100 volunteers going to fight for daesh will get much more attention . 
  media fail . 
   the difference between poland and greece is that poland had no fear of foreign invasion/agression from russia since russia was incredibly weak post-soviet union . 
  hahaha yes but soviet union dissolved 25 years ago not in 1950 , lmao . 
  you are missing good 40 years . 
   greece spent 300-400 billion in military spending since cyprus invasion due to fear of foreign agression . 
  . most countries in europe have barely spent 10-20 billion the last 20-30 years meanwhile greece spent 300-400 billion . 
  again numbers with no source , so i am just going to call bullshit . 
   as of 2014 , it is a different mind-set and government is ultra-capitalist and understands the `` game '' from ultrasocialist to ultracapitalism , that 's what happened in russia and that is not good . 
  both extremes are bad . 
   which is how greece aquired over 100 billion $ in foreign investment contracts in just the last 6 months alone . 
  which is probably more foreign investment that greece has had in the last 10-15 years combined . 
  good for you . 
  hah yeah that 's true , maybe i am just biased . 
   the civil war was the first proxy war of the cold war era does n't matter , it was greece vs greece . 
  if there were no people supporting both ideologies there would be no conflict . 
   yugoslav 's + ussr supported afaik yugoslavia cut ties with soviets quite soon so wtf . 
   also please stop talking about this marshall plan bullshit , greece received 10x less than uk/france from marshall plan and even less than turkey , who did not even fight in ww2 !, 
  ahahah this gets even funnier yes , uk/france received 10x more because they had bigger populations , so effectively per capita they received maybe only twice more , and they were actually invaded by germany or were in a lot of fighting with them . 
  and about turkey , this is just straight lie : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marshall_plan you do n't even bother checking wikipedia , goddamnit . 
   the marshall plan was used to buy bullets for greeks killing each other , not to rebuild . 
  uhmm yeah , aliens forced greeks to buy bullets , poor mind-controlled greeks . 
   poland just had its best economic decade in history ( ... ) greece just had its worst economic decade ( ... ) uhmm yeah genius , that 's what i was referring to in my joke . 
  you fucked up last years . 
  basically now both countries are free to develop and you failed in comparison . 
  why the fuck are you even arguing and what is your point when you basically agree with me ? 
  just to fuck with me ? 
   300 billion is a bailout , there is no question about it because what , you said so to comfort yourself ? 
  greece was given money to avoid bankruptcy . 
  poland was given money to develop . 
  greece got money so they do n't drown whole eu because of their reckless spending , poland received money to improve their growth and grow internal eu market . 
  this was totally different type giving money , money in poland went into material things , in greece just keep it afloat , and make their banking somewhat fluid . 
  problem is when you have drank one beer , you might think the second is also ok . 
   greece actually fought in ww2 ( unlike polish ) lolwat . 
  you are very funny !, 
  first of all poland took first direct hit from nazi germany , slowing their advance a lot , and have only fallen because soviets attacked from the other side , and then many poles have fought in other armies , most famous was probably division 303 that had more kills than any other english ( per time , per person ) . 
  i should stop with saying you have no idea about wwii here , but just for fun i will continue this educational post . 
   after ww2 , greece entered a civil war yes civil war . 
  so you admit it was greeks vs greeks . 
  so it 's only your nations fault . 
  we never had civil war in last few centuries , we had foreign powers invading poland . 
  so that 's like apples and oranges . 
  but yeah whatever . 
   then a 30 year dictatorship followed . 
  greece did not even begin re-building until the late 1980 's . 
  similair to poland , no ? 
  no , not at all similar , as i have said greece received a lot of money from marshall 's plan and the fact you did n't spend them correctly is only greece 's fault . 
  and dictator was not imposed by soviet 's it was because your nation 's internal struggle . 
   also poland just received a bigger bailout than the total bailout to greece , ireland , portugal and spain this was not a bailout , this was investment that every new eu member was getting , like greece when it joined eu . 
  development of new members lies in interest of all eu . 
  greece receives money from the west for the 3rd time and still it barely surpasses poland . 
  all harm that was done to greece was by greeks itself . 
  unlike poland . 
  so please , who needs education here . 
  ( this represents predicted gdp ppp in 2015 by imf ) also considering greece was n't destroyed by wwii , participated in marshall 's plan and was n't under soviet boot for 50 years i would say you are doing terribly bad compared to poland . 
  problem is nobody feels they are drunk until it 's too late . 
  what you have said might be true but it is just safer to not drink alcohol before working at all . 
  no offense , but i will take no advice on job performance from a greek . 
  ok , can anyone clear something up for me ? 
  i have heard that kosher slaughter involves draining blood slowly from an animal , and i heard that it actually is painless . 
  does it just sound gruesome but it actually is more humanitarian ? 
  honest question . 
  you are retarded because you think private healthcare would be cheaper while it is proven by american example it is not . 
  trust me , i got family in usa . 
  one is visiting me right now , i can talk to her right now , actually i already did and she agrees 100 % that usa health care system is shit . 
  it is unaffordable to average citizen . 
  but you have been nowhere and seen nothing except neoliberal propaganda that suits your image of the world . 
  it boils my blood when i read comments like that . 
  i do not want to go into debunking neoliberal myths on private and public sector , anyone can visit dozens of websites that explain flaws of free market and why it must be controlled and strong public sector is needed to regain balance in corporation vs citizen struggle . 
  public sector is here to support citizen . 
   that 's my fault . 
  it 's my risk , my fault no , it is not . 
  you are a member of society .
