  they had very strong backstage campaign in the internet , possibly put together with kukiz to put false accusation of komorowski that he is russian agent etc. 
  ( which they never said publicly because obviously that was a lie ) but nevertheless it was bullshit . 
  do n't get me wrong , civic platform is not the best party and i would like less free-market and more pro-society reforms but what offers duda nad law and justice was , is and probably will be simply worst kind of populism while helping big business rip off poland like it did under their rule . 
  bring your downvotes , i will gladly take it as i have said truth and only truth and you know it . 
  strong video . 
  nationalism is hell of a drug . 
  that 's a small thing but generally how pedestrians outside of poland do n't give a fuck about red lights on crossing the street ( in poland you can get a hefty ticket for that ) and also how fast some lights change ( like few seconds in prague , insane ) or how there is no delay between red for car and green for pedestrians ( it 's like they assume people are not retarded and will not go on the street while cars are still passing ) . 
  also in poland before green light changes to red you have few seconds of blinking so that you know it 's gon na finish soon . 
  unfortunately i must agree , amount of dog poo is definitely higher than i expected . 
  i thought it was settled that `` swamp germany '' is only acceptable name ? 
  i do n't understand why would you equate intolerance with `` negative impression '' . 
  i have negative impression of many groups too but does n't mean i will behave intolerant towards them when i am actually interacting with them . 
  i think every time new graphics are introduced , they are distracting simply because they are new . 
  after some time we might get used to that so i would give it some time . 
  do you consider coming back to modteam now ? 
  [ reddit we did it again !, 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/c3l3k.jpg ) edit : you sure he stepped down and not got demodded by someone higher ranked ? 
  edit2 : also , this must be fastest trending topic on / r/europe since long time and it 's 1:30 am !, 
  wait , whaaaat i just checked the modlist and both mr dreiss666 and and the blackhand guy are removed ?? 
  well i guess they settled on cutting controversial leftist and rightist , seems ... ughh balanced ? 
  i am countering that by spreading polish propaganda directly on your soil !, 
  so / u/dclauzel doesnt write in two languages always !, 
  haha !, 
  busted !, 
  shh , they love us , do n't spoil it . 
  * uefa world cup hype intensifies *, 
  afaik usa voted for prince ali too so i suppose they opt for split too and would be invited for new cup . 
  so edgy . 
  also , no one in japan cared . 
  also no media reported what he actually achieved ( easier access to work visas ) . 
  what is actually cringeworthy is fact that such a incident was way overblown and people bought it as a proof the president is a retard ... 
  considering / u/dclauzel is now a mod , are you planning to make writing in two languages mandatory ? 
  i doubt anything will be done , i tried the same way of clarifying the rule about the sources , topic was high on the list and sole answer was `` we do n't have enough mods to execute rules properly '' . 
  but then again we have some new mods so i hope they will prove me wrong . 
  i am honestly very surprised that france has less than poland even considering that france 's gdp per capita is few times bigger . 
   country so devastated by years of socialist `` economy '' as poland where many people can barely afford to live on the money left after paying all their taxes yes , taxes were the biggest problem of communist poland . 
  i do n't know how to reply . 
  because there is nothing in between right ? 
   oh shit , entire mandatory car insurance system is robbery . 
  nope , having a car is not mandatory . 
  ohhh wait i remember you are the guy that thinks taxes are robbery too ? 
   now i have to give my money to the state-owned company that spends it immediately , and in exchange gives me an empty record in their pyramid scheme system man , you should sue them . 
  go to international tribunal of human rights . 
  i 'm serious man !, 
   it was perfectly alright to conduct this biggest mass robery in history of poland after 1989 see that 's why you are in incoherent because there was no robbery , it was rightful recovery . 
  and i am constantly reminding you that no other healthy economy introduced such a mandatory pensions system precisely because forcing to give money to private companies is a robbery . 
  not the other way round . 
  you are confused about who is the robber here . 
   unfortunately i do n't recall having my incoherences succesfuly pointed out by you at any point during my over three year long posting on this subreddit . 
  you know that my comment about you being incoherent was a reply to guy who pointed out your incoherence ( but mistakenly called it cherry-picking ) . 
  i replied to other person already but i can repeat . 
  you did n't have access to thise money . 
  now they are held in safe place instead of some foreign bank or other private company . 
   worthless zus record guess who would cover your pension in case private fund would go bankrupt . 
  zus with governmental help . 
  what all this did was to shift profits from government to private companies and gave no guarantees of higher pensions . 
  this was a scam because you had to give your money to private company . 
  so how was that good ? 
  also you keep dodging the main argument that no other healthy country has this kind of retarded pension management funds . 
  even usa , when some guys approached their government with this idea they were told to go to hell . 
  and they did go there , more exactly to pinochet 's chile . 
  system crashed . 
  read up on it . 
   then accusing me that my reasoning is n't coherent yes , because you fail to show my incoherences while yours are being pointed out every time you post this bullshit . 
  it is still your money but now it is being held in safer and more reliable place that is national treasury instead of unreliable private companies . 
  when it was in private pension fund , did you have access to those money ? 
  no , you did n't . 
  yeah i know there is controversy over the terminology , that 's one part of the problem in debating , but generally i see people calling this ultra-freemarket attitude as neoliberalism so i just went with it . 
  but thanks for your input . 
  that 's why i wrote `` neoliberal gdp pursuing '' which i understand as looking for numerical growth without caring how it actually affects wellbeing of people . 
   nationalizing pension funds yup , it was brought back to normal as in every healthy economy , because pensions are not supposed to be a part of stock exchange . 
  it 's funny how societies can pursue one thing they do n't have sacrificing all other good things they accomplished . 
  no it 's not cherrypicking anymore , it would suggest the argumentation is coherent but is based on only narrow range of chosen facts . 
  his reasoning is n't coherent at all . 
  few interesting quote from the text :  poland shows that you do n't necessarily need high gdp growth to improve the lives of citizens , and that countries that focus on well-being seem to succeed on more fronts  to pursue wellbeing effectively , countries need to achieve economic growth that is both socially inclusive and environmentally sustainable . 
  too bad in poland neoliberal gdp pursuing narrative is mainstream . 
  fortunately last government was n't stupid enough to follow it blindly . 
  if you manage to clean this fifa mess for us i can call it whatever you want as long as it 's `` football '' . 
  kinda late to the party but i 'll throw my few eurocents . 
  picture this : 20 % goes to a singer with almost no program at all , really i have no idea about what he really wants . 
  but ok , protest vote , i get it . 
  few days after elections his potential party would gather 20 % . 
  twenty percent of the electorate would like to vote for a party that does n't exist yet and has no program , but they trust the guy . 
  20 % of the people simply has no idea about running a country , they just want a fatherly care , someone to tell them he will take care of them and bitch about current state of affairs . 
  20 % are satisfied by the lowliest standard of populism . 
  of course those are only polls but it is really disturbing for me . 
  this is real inheritance of communism - people with no views that just expect things to happen . 
  they do n't try to start some fundations , ngos to push some line of legislation . 
  no , they just want to vote a guy that in his words is a `` patriot with a heart on the left side '' . 
  whatever this means . 
  do you think it was an artificial volcano ?!, 
  that would explain * everything * . 
  nope , i was in secondary advanced school already by then . 
  i 'm also 20-something except i actually followed 2005 campaigns despite not having voting rights at the time . 
  but true , most people in my age range do n't remember . 
   you know the pension system is stupid to begin with and people should save for themselves as much as they want ? 
  ah i see who am i talking to now . 
   tusk got his place as a reward for not being an obstacle to german politics . 
  you voted braun , no ? 
   because we are kept afloat by massive eu funds .
