   it is supported by this map . 
  it 's not strong evidence of course . 
  this map says literally nothing about patriotism . 
  those are all empty declarations , only true test would be actual amount of people that would go to hypothetical war . 
   also you made it about being better by writing that if anything it 's patriotic in `` bad '' sense . 
  no idea why you think that . 
  no , my comment was sarcastic remark at suggestion that poland b is more patriotic than poland a. 
   but yeah , i 'm a little oversensitive about that bullshit about poland b. 
  it gets old after a few years . 
  as a person from `` poland b '' that lived in warsaw for 5 years and had friends both from and outside of warsaw i have never been a target of any kind of remark that would even remotely signal i 'm worse because i 'm from poland b. null . 
  zero . 
  first time i have heard of this kind of `` persecution '' is from the internet . 
  i suppose that 's some coping mechanism of people that did n't fit well and had to find some stupid reason for their failure to assimilate . 
  yes but that illness probably did n't have connection with his psychic state , although might suggest he planned this incident before going on the plane . 
   conservative usually means more patriotic , and so the willigness to die for the country . 
  medieval called , they want their outdated ideas back . 
  also i am from eastern poland so i do n't know where are you taking this to tbh . 
  lol i was born and lived 30 km from border with belarus , now please tell me how saying poland a is not less patriotic than poland b is being smug . 
  really , how did you make this connection . 
  yeah and how does it connect with patriotism ? 
  i do n't know why you made it about being `` better '' . 
  saying one part of poland is more patriotic than the other is just simply an unsupported claim . 
  poland b is more patriotic ? 
  maybe in the bad sense , like nationalistic . 
  edit : itt people jump to conclusions that because i do n't think one part of the country is better than the other i must hate on one of them . 
  also i think this divide is artificial and completely made-up because poland is more or less monolithic so we try to find small differences to support claims about `` poland a and b '' . 
  of course there are some small differences between west and east but that has to do more with urbanization percent so it is more of a city vs countryside thing . 
  ah yeah i have been told and also noticed from my stay in france , that children here are treated less protective . 
  they do a lot of stuff themselves etc. 
  also i was baffled when i saw a quite a big group of young pupils ( suppose around 8 y old ) walking somehwere and there was no caretaker in the front of the group , only 2 at the back !, 
  and the kids did n't run into the street or kill themselves in other ways !, 
  that would be really unusual in poland . 
  just you wait for polish redditors to find this thread . 
  we have 20 million experts on aviation since 10th april 2010 . 
  do you want some ? 
  we can export in batches of 1 million , we have already sent one to uk . 
  ok now , how is this surprising ? 
  additionally its just a friendly match ? 
  well , it is real football you heathen . 
  it 's a ribbentrop-molotov pact suited for xxi century . 
  it got deleted probably because it is insanely stupid . 
  not every muslim supports those atrocious acts . 
  yes , many do because they come from impoverished uneducated societies ( and unfortunately west is also to blame here for their meddling before and during cold war ) . 
  portraying this as some kind of islam vs world conflict does n't solve any problem and only extremizes people . 
  yes i agree west should not give up their values for muslim minority but its not like they are the only conservatives , there are a lot of conservative catholics in poland , who knows if grandchildren of polish immigrants in uk are not going to demand ban on gay marriage in 40 years like children of arab immigrants in france demand more islam-based things . 
  and no , i do n't think we should invite all immigrants to eu but there is also no point to spinning it out of control like the comment you cited . 
  lol this is data before wwii not just before communism . 
  by no means i 'm gon na defend stalinism but this title is just simply misleading . 
  uhh so are we getting along finally ? 
  trying to find some positives ... 
  finnish scrabble must be interesting . 
  well at least you guys have some natural filters !, 
  here in northern france we had cloudless sky and we needed those special glasses . 
  could it be possibly that varoufakis did give a finger but rather accidentally , subconsciously ? 
  wow , someone was really lazy while drawing kaliningrad borders . 
  it goes far too much into baltic sea . 
  yeah , point of view of worried citizen , god forbid having point of view that is n't aligned with neoliberals !, 
  because they are not inconsiderate assholes ? 
  what are you impying ? 
  that 's a good question , and frankly , i do n't know . 
  that 's the hard thing . 
  one could say older claims should have less value because they less directly the present times , but then because they happened earlier their impact is bigger and magnified . 
  it 's germans themselves going back to their past , i see nothing wrong there . 
   suggesting that the present day german taxpayer should pay for what their fathers or grandfathers generation did is nothing but moral blackmail one could argue that if those kids benefit directly from what their ancestors did harming other people it is not a moral blackmail but moral justice . 
  i am not gon na argue , it 's no up to me to decide whether it is direct benefit or not , just trying to put some different perspective . 
  had you read the article you would know that 's what those politicians say : it should be separate issue . 
  yeah , since you are biology student , you should be precise or stop shoving your education in people 's faces . 
  maybe so but actually in poland there is lot of pressure from conservatives and church to make it less progressive . 
  also from the same wiki : `` poland is one of the few countries in the world to outlaw abortion after decades of complete legalisation '' . 
  so basically we are going backwards while morocco goes the opposite direction . 
  yes you did when you said `` aborting humans '' - there you decided that fetus is a human . 
  you are not entitled to make a definition of human , learn and remember that and stop spewing bullshit . 
  wow , so now morocco is more progressive than poland . 
  well at least in terms of abortion but still . 
  if there is really a coup happening in russia then that 's obviously the real reason !, 
  well it 's serious business !, 
  hipster spaniard stalin . 
  i am touched . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2ysqjc/polish_defence_minister_using_desk_lamp_as_a/cpcqdor comment recycling going stronk . 
  i think what russians are trying to do is to put as much bullshit in the air as possible to produce information constipation in the western media . 
  i would expect something drastic in next few days and all this mess will be coverup . 
  or maybe it already is happening but media are busy chasing those bogus `` news '', 
  he just wanted some spotlight on him . 
   crimea seems to be missing . 
   potential independent states, 
  or install mirrors in the orbit . 
  there is a difference between a partisan , well-funded by saudis actual army fighting in familiar to them harsh environment and some people having short training . 
  also you basically denied yourself , both iraq and afghanistan were invaded . 
  actually the latter was invaded twice . 
  so it is obvious that it is not a factor . 
  you are so naive if you think military training would help the defense . 
  you really think a bunch of people that had spent few days in the army would have been even remotely impactful in case of a conflict that would engage trained and well-equipped troops ? 
  those people would be cannon fodder in the best case . 
  military training for everyone is just a pr stunt to make people think they are safe . 
  what worked for them is that they laundered nazi money and they are surrounded by the mountains . 
  no , actually croatia is like that since long time . 
  it is due to geography , the southern border between croatia and bosnia is in the mountains . 
  but it is worth noting lots of croats live in bosnia . 
  `` available to everybody '' does n't imply `` everyone does them '', 
  where exactly he denies those ?
