  last night of their stay i caught myself thinking in english . 
  i was weirded out . 
  now i browse reddit daily , speak english in workplace so i am totally used to switching between polish and english even in thinking . 
  polish immigrants - taking jobs and now also lives of british citizens . 
  cheaply and efficiently . 
  it 's sad and atrocious but totally unsurprising . 
  putin will say he has no control over rebels and war will move on , just with a little more advantage for separatist russians . 
  i think the retaliation must be always accepted by human . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stanislav_petrov  on september 26 , 1983 , he was the duty officer at the command center for the oko nuclear early-warning system when the system reported that a missile was being launched from the united states . 
  petrov judged the report to be a false alarm , [ 1 ] and his decision is credited with having prevented an erroneous retaliatory nuclear attack on the united states and its nato allies that could have resulted in large-scale nuclear war . 
  investigation later confirmed that the satellite warning system had indeed malfunctioned . 
  yeah they will drop a nuke `` accidentally '' somewhere in nato territory but somewhere where it 's not densely populated . 
  like scandinavian tundra or alps . 
  like imagine , mont blanc destroyed but no people killed . 
  would it be a reason to go for war for nato ? 
  who knows . 
  i think this is biblical term ;p, 
  invaded iraq , and our politicans , now hated , took our boys in hope we get no-visa entry to usa . 
  despite sucking usa 's dick in every fucking international matter we still do n't have it , so yeah , that 's one thing . 
  i mean i am not saying usa owes us something , but that 's how general public sees it . 
  yeah one friend told me that and i pointed out his hypocrisy there and he basically said he knows that and does n't care . 
  really bends your mind talking to those people . 
  you bring anti-ukrainian bias not facts , lmao . 
   there was a bill in the duma which would ban the use of russian as a formal language even in areas of the country where russian is spoken by more than 70 % of population . 
  it was actually one of the main reasons for the initial opposition of the people in the east . 
  that might suck for some people , but then again i think they do not want to share belorussian language fate . 
  i agree that ukraine behaves like nation that desperately tries to establish some kind of national consciousness , but as i have said , being pressured by russia all recent history i understand them . 
   it 's irrelevant . 
  what claim does the government in kiev have on kharkiv other than the people accepting their rule ? 
  it is relevant . 
  on what basis do you claim that they want to become part of russia ? 
  as far as i know most ukrainians just want to stay in ukraine . 
  there was no referendum to honestly know their opinion . 
  and one country invading with army prohibits holding one . 
   actually i was talking about repressions introduced by the bismarck regime after german unification ( ... ) yeah you mentioned russian part so be precise . 
  but that only shows that different states use different policies . 
  in austrian part poles had even political representation before insurections . 
  so still what you said is not really relevant . 
   the current government in kiev was very much doing what dmowski proposed . 
  dmowski was an idiot nationalist , why are you bringing him to this discussion ? 
  i thought we were talking about ukraine . 
   does n't matter . 
  crimea was an artificial addition , an autonomous region with clear ethnic russian - not russian-speaking ukrainian - majority . 
  ukraine should be happy to be rid of the single most problematic part of the country ( ... ) yeah like every russian wants to live in russia . 
  ask all those emmigrants if they want to come back . 
  that 's such bullshit argument . 
   if i was president of ukraine the first thing i 'd do would be ask russia if they do n't want crimea back . 
  but you are not . 
   governments can be about inspiring unity or exploiting divisions . 
  yeah they suck at building a nation . 
  still does n't make russian invasion less bad . 
   again - read on post-ww1 history of poland and the plebistites in silesia , eastern prussia again how is this relevant , do you have some unresolved issues of the past ? 
  are you kresy.pl fanboy ? 
   so let 's not pretend that the people in power currently are there for democracy and freedom for the ukrainian people . 
  it can be both , being in western sphere of influence is still better than being in russia 's one . 
  russia basically steals and exploits every nation in their sphere . 
  nations in western enjoy more freedom and that 's a fact . 
  more like putin 's middlemen are winners . 
  uhmm yeah what part of ukraine you are from ? 
  yes of course ukraine has problem with politicians , but it is hard to grow a democracy in the shadow of russia . 
   consider what the new government did after kicking yankukovych out ? 
  they ditched the legislation to allow the use of russian in russian-speaking regions ... uhmm yeah could you precise that ? 
  like there were people standing on each corner listening to people speak russian and putting them to jail ? 
   so now from your own history then ... what sparked civil resistance under german and russian occupation during the partition ? 
  will to be independent . 
  i advise you to actually read something before posting , like this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/january_uprising  with the exception of religious instruction , all other studies in the schools were ordered to be in the russian . 
  russian also became the official language of the country , used exclusively in all offices of the general and local government . 
  all traces of former polish autonomy were removed so those restrictions happened after insurrections and were not the cause of them . 
  your argument is invalid . 
   stupid nationalistic bullshit 24/7 once they got into power . 
  yeah your country is being torn by foreign forces so that is what you do , revert to patriotic rhetoric , nationalist values . 
  they were forced to do that . 
   truth is ukraine as a country has n't really existed long enough to have some significant political context . 
  that 's true , but it is not a reason to treat them like some worse state like russia do . 
   if the people of crimea really want out fucking let them . 
  referendum was conducted in presence of russian army , do you really want to believe the result was not influenced by that ? 
  you must be very naive . 
   but that 's not what the conflict is about . 
  it 's about staying in power and gas and pipelines and geopolitics . 
  every conflict is about power , thanks for reminding us captain obvious . 
  you totally mistake cause and effect . 
  ukrainians are anti-russian because of many bad things russia did to them . 
  not the other way around . 
  no offense but finland is totally different . 
  first of all ukrainians are slavs like russians and much of eastern ukraine is populated with russian-speaking people . 
  so putin can always use this as an argument to `` help fellow russians '' . 
  secondly , eastern ukraine is a place with a lot of industry and coal mines . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/donets_basin no offense but finland simply was too much of a hassle to invade with no real benefits . 
  morover the author is wrong that finland was only nation `` in between '' . 
  yugoslavia in 1948 distanced itself from soviet union . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yugoslavia#the_1948_yugoslavia-soviet_split honestly this article is very shallow imho . 
  well i do n't know , maybe because they are attacked by another country without any justification ? 
  they certainly deserve but nobody wants to start a nuclear war . 
  there is a reason that nato was never officially in war with warsaw pact countries . 
  and this will continue now . 
  it was surprisingly well thought . 
  yeah dostoyevski 's hatred towards polish is rather known so i will just say i did n't like crime and punishment . 
  and it 's called euro apteka . 
  such a nice touch . 
  first of all , yes we do n't have really big gini index .
