   other high tech sectors except science of materials , space and weapons - we are not competitive , because , as i said before maybe you simply are not competitive because you do n't finance it enough ? 
   it indeed suits oligarchs , but also everyone else , because our tax ratio is one of the smallest in europe . 
  this is the biggest lie capitalism ever invented . 
  lower taxes , flat taxes only make the difference between rich and poor higher . 
  you need redistribution of wealth to grow a middle class society . 
  without that you have oligarchs and peasants . 
  higher taxes stimulate innovation because it forces rich to increase efficiency . 
  without that they just store money on accounts . 
  that money is mostly stored in foreign banks , mostly suiss . 
  so not only russian banks do n't make money on that , what is more important those money are n't circling in russian economy . 
  sweden and most of western europe introduced socialist policies to prevent that , and look they do excellent . 
  yeah i know russia is mecca of neoliberals . 
  this one reason of russia 's failure as innovative economy . 
  but propaganda strikes hard and blames west for your failures . 
  truth is you choose people that deliberately turn the stream of goods toward oligarchs . 
  you chose that . 
  not west . 
  yeah sure . 
  patents hold you economic development . 
  other countries are fine , but russia can not buy patents . 
  russia can only steal patents or ignore patents . 
  nice excuse . 
  maybe first try electing some president that does n't engage in dick wagging contest instead of helping small and middle sized companies . 
  russia has flat tax , this basically kills economy . 
  it suits only oligarchs . 
  but yeah , tell me more about patents holding your economy . 
  more like , you need to sell it to have any kind of income . 
  there are plans to build nuclear plant in zachodniopomorskie so suddenly people are against it . 
  everyone wants cheap energy as long as it does n't stand in their garden . 
  http://wiadomosci.gazeta.pl/wiadomosci/5,114944,16522822.html?i=0 oh i wish , just look at those photos . 
  you might think it is ridiculous to think it has anything to do with a recent conflict with ukraine , because such matters should be kept separately right ? 
  well , this is putin 's russia and they gave numerous examples that they are very well capable of such sabotage . 
   russian ground crews manage hands-on soyuz launch preparations and the final countdown from a control center near the launch pad on the northwestern frontier of the guiana space center , which is also home to europe 's ariane 5 and vega rockets tell me again how they had no hand in ? 
  my bad , i have read but only glanced at the mid section . 
  i do n't really know the context , but still it does n't make them fascists . 
  more like a group of bandits that 's all . 
  and it just some group not whole army so still , accusations of fascism are ridiculous . 
  lmao , how is this letter fascist . 
  because they want to protect their country ? 
  so he knows what he is talking about , right ? 
  lmao, 
  everything fuels kremlin propaganda . 
  i try to explain to you that every normal thing in the world fuels their propaganda . 
  they spin every bit of news towards them . 
  ukraine retaliates - they are called fascists . 
  ukraine does n't retaliate - they are called cowards . 
  europe interferes - russia says stop meddling with independent country . 
  europe does n't interfere - russia goes into ukraine saying they are not an independent country . 
  they use every single piece of info as a propaganda . 
  whatever ukraine will do russia will picture like they are bad guys . 
  if there was no fascists in azov battalion they would find someone else . 
  do n't get misguided . 
  so what is the point of mentioning of more fascists in army ? 
  `` oh you know weather is nice , food is tasty and fascists are overrepresented in ukrainian army '' . 
  seriously man if you are not suggesting it is done on purpose by kiev then it has no point to be mentioned . 
  unless you have some other explanation than the psychological one i mentioned . 
  yes , of course people are bad , circlejerk etc. 
  and you are being persecuted . 
  maybe next time post more carefully . 
  it is known psychological phenomenon that people with right-wing political opinions are more aggressive and prone to fight . 
  that 's why they might be overrepresented in army . 
  still , so what . 
  like , how is this anyone 's fault . 
  it is not the point , you are derailing discussion , point is russian propaganda wants to picture ukrainian forces as fascists and turn population against them . 
  political views of army men are irrelevant . 
  they are subjected to kiev orders , and kiev is not fascists . 
  overrepresented compared to what ? 
  you are suggesting kiev puts people in this battalion on purpose with fascist world view ? 
  and how would they do that , doing personality check ? 
  like , how physically you determine who is fascist . 
  i see the point but i think it 's bogus . 
  during war you take all volunteers . 
  what should they do , make personality check before sending to the front ? 
  there are all people , communists , democrats , fascists , republicans . 
  so i still do not see the point . 
   they can call them what they want as long as they are clearly an unwanted force . 
  uhmm , no . 
  you are missing the point . 
  first of all ukrainians are not fascists . 
  and those people think they are . 
  that 's why maybe they do n't want them there ? 
  and why suddenly you start with west ? 
  derailing discussion , i see ... 
  people shouting `` fascists , fascists ! '' . 
  incredible levels of propaganda had to be applied for this . 
  we were talking about [ socialist democracy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_democracy )  alternatively , social democracy is defined as a policy regime involving a universal welfare state and collective bargaining schemes within the framework of a capitalist economy . 
  pardon me if i was n't clear . 
  look at sweden , they do very well . 
  sweden . 
  you can successfully introduce democratic socialism . 
  that 's why i 'm saying communism is too utopian because someone surely will exploit one-party system . 
  my thoughts man , my thoughts , same thing happens here . 
  yes , sadly people do not see that . 
  yet . 
  growing differences between rich and poor might cause a change in the mindset . 
  some people say a real communist revolution have n't happened yet . 
  oh wow did n't know about this forgotten king . 
  i guess some people actually do good job in not advertising evil-doers . 
  yeah you know we could n't let czech destroy communism before we did ;p, 
  yes !,
