  also what soviet union introduced was very far away from communism that marx and engels suggested . 
  nevertheless communism would be utopian system but the same goes for capitalism . 
   what makes healthcare so drastically different from all the other kinds of services and goods that private enterprise successfully provides to the great benefit of consumers ? 
  because human life is not a resource you can put a price on . 
  seriously , go see how it works in usa . 
  ridiculous prices that medical companies charge the hospitals because they * can * private healthcare without presence of public one simply does n't work so please stop this nonsense . 
  well that was definitely more luck than skill , but win is win . 
   you see them everywhere . 
  it 's an act of defiance . 
  no , it is not . 
  we just have surplus now . 
  good thing is now in the shops there are more good kinds of apples . 
  before all the best was going for export unfortunately . 
  yes , that 's true poor are taxated more than they should be , i was talking about general trend . 
  poland has a very low tax rate compared to western europe . 
  yet some people want to do the opposite . 
  i do n't understand their logic . 
  how is najwy\u017cszy czas a reliable source ...  try to not pay taxes , or at least zus ( the most direct theft ) oh , so you are one of those people . 
  lost cause . 
  there are many countries with public sector being almost nonexistent like somalia . 
  or some amazonian jungle , you can try living with some natives . 
  i encourage you to try . 
  i think you will like it . 
  where did you get that data and if you provide some link preferably provide some context too , how this looks in another countries . 
   poland is basically a slave camp . 
  if you 're young and actually work productively , you 're forced , under threat of violence violence ? 
  dude you high or something ? 
  that 's true unfortunately . 
  there must be some general reform of education . 
  unfortunately academic societies are one of most resistant to change . 
  there is zero technology transfer from research to industry . 
  previous science minister wanted to introduce reform that would give 75 % of the rights to invention to scientist that made it . 
  now it 's 100 % for university . 
  and what happened ? 
  university presidents blocked it . 
  they protested and minister was later fired over some other bs . 
  for some reason they choose to have 100 % of 0 income than 25 % of something that might actual come when the inventor has any business in introducing his invention to industry . 
  ridiculous . 
  i think only polish say that . 
  of course they could be . 
  as prisoners of war . 
  i was kind of positively surprised 73 % french disagreed . 
  stereotype tells rather differently . 
  i think that changed drastically last decade ? 
  well i fully understand it was never usa 's intention to give money or weapons to extremists , but ultimately some of them did and helped starting this movement . 
  i do n't say they were biggest beneficiaries but they did n't need to be . 
  as i said nobody is accusing usa of starting al qaeda , but unfortunately some of their actions backfired . 
  and iran 's hatred towards western world is also one of them . 
  i say this only to remind that one has to try to foresee all consequences of their actions , and meddling and funding rebel groups by foreign countries often backfires . 
  well , ok , i was not entirely right , but as you said , usa sponsored mujahideen , and ibn laden also did , and as i understand later he used those people to start al qaeda : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/osama_bin_laden#mujahideen_in_afghanistan  it 's really just another dumb conspiracy theorist 's wet dream . 
  it 's more of a mental shortcut , but you are technically right . 
  but in the end it comes to the same conclusion , usa at least partially directly funded islamic extremists that founded al qaeda . 
  considering the fact that ibn laden was funding the other part and he was saudi , one might say usa also funded this part since they support saudis for a long time . 
  conspiracy theory level hard . 
  maybe he meant crusades . 
  yes , but it happened because of foreign interference . 
  whole islamic extremism is derivative of cold war when usa and soviet meddled in middle east . 
  mostly american , after all they funded bin laden and others to fight with soviets . 
  they do n't want to be a part of the world that betrayed them on multiple occasions . 
   also having a bridge between sicily and italy would benefit the eu not as much . 
  because it is a part of via baltica project - having shorter road to finland would benefit directly and indirectly whole eu . 
  looks like tusk as eu president will have new reasons to scold cameron over the phone . 
  poor baltic sea , everybody treats it as an obstacle ;(, 
  nobody takes anyone 's right 's afaik and the fact right wing takes every criticism towards them as `` banning freedom of speech '' and `` taking away rights '' is very showing that they feel superior . 
  that 's why many people are concerned - right wing usually does n't want dialog which is bad for democracy . 
  slightly off topic , but this guy is 26 ?!, 
  he looks like 45 +, 
  yes , that 's why every nuclear power plant uses them !, 
  nobody is asking them . 
  we are saying it is beneficial for whole eu and thus also france . 
   if you think our weapons are n't worth a damn , then surely you will stop shiting your pants at the thought of our ships being sold to russia nobody is shitting pants about 2 ships . 
  it 's about symbolism , eu unites against russia and france of course does n't give a damn . 
  because france is very short-sighted . 
  that 's sad wwii never taught you anything . 
   bitch please , you still operate a bunch of 60 's soviet stuff . 
  maybe they are still more reliable than french ones ? 
  also , polish army upgrades military all the time . 
  also no offense but french products are deemed unreliable , citroen and peugeot cars are awful , they brake all the time so much it 's not even funny . 
  maybe try some self-criticism , oh wait , i 'm talking with french ... 
  reminds me of this : http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/sep/29/neoliberalism-economic-system-ethics-personality-psychopathicsthic, 
  but afaik missile shield was never supposed to protect poland , it was placed there so usa can shoot down rockets from middle east , or something i missed ? 
  that 's very mature , insightful and rational . 
  did you think maybe french just give worse products hmm ? 
  yes , this map is terrible . 
  mods should add `` misleading '' tag . 
  on r/mapporn someone suggested it might be cost for someone from abroad but this should be written on the map . 
   that does n't mean their freedom of speech should be taken away just because they criticize it . 
  and i repeat , i never stated that their right should be taken away . 
   i encountered that sentiment on this sub by some people so argue about that with them , not me . 
   free speech is prerequisite for democracy . 
  and free speech includes the rights of those who are against free speech and against democracy . 
  yes , and nobody is taking their freedom of speech away . 
  nobody even mentioned that . 
  we just ridicule those views , they want freedom of speech to ban freedom of speech . 
  their retarded opinions can exist because of this bad freedom of speech , you see no hypocrisy there ? 
  all you said rounds down to people wanting rule of the strong hand . 
  this is some kind of psychological disorder , normal people do n't want to be bossed around . 
  they enjoy freedoms and dialog that current system provides . 
   politicians do n't fight for a certain ideology , for certain ideas and ideals , they fight to expand their voter base , and to do that , you need to water down your programs and rhetoric so they appeal to an ever bigger audience . 
  i will take pragmatic politician over ideological every time .
