  this was 50 years ago and as you said it had nothing to do with islam , it had to do with usa meddling during cold war which you also stated . 
  i understand you support my opinion ? 
  eat this http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terrorism_in_the_united_states, 
  it 's not problem with islam . 
  indonesia is very peaceful and is dominantly muslim . 
  but not many people know that since they do n't spawn terrorists . 
  thank usa and russia for meddling in middle east during cold war for fundamentalism and al-quaeda sponsoring . 
  yes i am referring to the fact it took so much time for france to acknowledge that russia might do something tricky and i guess this is because they had contract for delivering mistrals which they wanted to be completed . 
  my sarcastic comment had a deeper meaning which you failed to see because you did n't want to see it , you just wanted to bash someone and vent i guess . 
  it is best for all you unsub , thank you very much . 
  no shit , really ? 
  i thought convoy will bring cold drinks and video entertainment !, 
  of course on mistrals bought from french . 
  i think they abstain from competing seriously because they would dominate so hard it would not be entertaining to watch . 
  you should start your own western byzantine turkey with blackjack and hoo - ekhm ... and with democracy . 
  every country has specific `` hate '' on the current government . 
  hate coming from people who instead lookin on their own actions , just blame politicans . 
  also tusk is not `` generally hated '' like you imply . 
  maybe time to expand your circle of friends ? 
  yep , i wrote a little bit about it earlier : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2bpr1o/pentagon_russia_readying_powerful_weapons_for/cj7ullh, 
  pattern of bs stereotypes coming from polish nature of complaining at everything ? 
  yes . 
  it 's ok , it ends up in russia . 
  well , the more autonomous siberia gets , the lesser is putin 's power so those actions are understandable . 
  from his side of view of course . 
  if it is moral i will not judge , i am just saying calling it a bribe is incorrect . 
  depends on your definition of bribe . 
  if i go to the shop and give money in exchange of some goods , is it bribery ? 
  if i go to hairdresser and i pay him to cut my hair , is it bribery ? 
  for me bribery is when money is given illegally behind the back . 
  it is not a bribe when done according to law and the money goes to the government budget and not to pockets of private entities . 
  i looked through the photos and i would not say cities in eastern poland look that bad . 
  countryside , maybe . 
  there used to be difference few years ago . 
  come on , that 's pure bullshit . 
  you grab karma on false stereotype , i hope you are proud of yourself . 
  russia is useful to china . 
  they can fight their proxy wars with west through russia . 
  who knows if they are n't doing this right now . 
  maybe they had some kind of near-border free passing deal . 
  people who live some small distance from the border are then allowed to freely travel in this near-border zone between states . 
  we have highways to the german border now so your point is invalid today . 
  opposite poland traitor . 
  [ my flower are beautiful !, 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/0zejcpe9hli?t=28m13s ), 
  yeah this makes poland right behind usa . 
  that was very interesting to read . 
  as the article stated both nations are more nationalistic than average . 
  i would also add that both are arrogant about their culture , that it is somehow superior to others . 
  source : i 'm polish . 
  news with polish christians trying to ban stuff are n't even news now . 
  news is when they do n't succeed . 
  i am not saying they did n't have intelligence or planning . 
  it is just they never included in their calculations how many soldiers can die . 
  they did not care . 
  if they would have a plan for some operation that would cost more but would save more lives , they would not go for it . 
  human lives were worth nothing for them . 
  yes , they needed to win the war , but instead of trying to employ some smart strategy they were just throwing people until enemy was too tired to defend . 
  because they did n't care . 
  i said that hitler cared more because at least he treated his army men better . 
  disposing ethnicities , political opponents stalin did this much much more . 
  it is just nobody starts the subject because they won the war . 
  but there are people who remember what he did . 
  and the fact that russia never apologized , contrary , they are proud of soviet union achievements . 
  putin continues it with the same values as soviet union . 
  well of course every army punishes soldiers that retreats from battlefield but soviets did n't let their soldiers even stop going forward . 
  poland was supposed to have madagascar as colony , but it did n't work out : http://anglopolish.com/index.php/en/archive/11-polish-interests/107-madagaskar-as-polish-colony, 
  i do n't know if this is true but i would n't be surprised . 
  xx-xxi century russia is all about conquering and imperialism . 
  i 'm not historian so i do n't know where it came from but since the rise of soviet union russians became high with the idea of great russia that would rule whole world . 
  do you know why james bond movies were popular and still are in russia , despite russians being depicted as bad guys ? 
  because they were strong , powerful bad guys . 
  russians care less about well-being , health , solidarity , equality , even money than power and strength . 
  putin promised them strong and powerful russia and he is keeping his promise , and that is why he gets elected time and time again . 
  he does n't need to fix alcoholism or terrible roads or corruption . 
  putin just needs to show russians that when he farts whole world trembles . 
  but the fact most of the russians are super poor ? 
  who cares . 
  and before someone jumps on me that usa also is imperialistic : not to this extent . 
  not by the cost of their own people . 
  at least . 
  what is more tragic for this nation is that they do n't care for lives of their own countrymen . 
  they are expendable . 
  do n't get me wrong , it is a problem of any country that gets involved in war . 
  but i think it is only nation that had special squadrons that were supposed to shoot in the backs of the front line soldiers if they stop going forward . 
  those soldiers had even target circles painted on the backs ... 
  i mean people who invented this were literally worse than hitler ( he cared at least for his own countrymen ... ) . 
  but you know , history is written by the victors . 
  and this mentality still prevails in modern-day russians . 
  i do n't know why , but maybe the fact the country is ran by ex-kgb is a hint ? 
  maybe yes , or maybe putin is not retarded and will not go for full-blown conflict , and sanctions will make him softer . 
  srsly u had one olympics that ruined your country , you really want more ? 
  declining them to organize huge sports event that is streamed over the whole world and gives a lot of good publicity is a way to influence their actions . 
  really , you want to leave everything in the hands of government ? 
  ever heard of public opinion ? 
  you know , it can influence stuff . 
  since when `` officially entering '' is required to be at war ? 
  and then again you say they entered crimea but somehow it is only `` exception '' ? 
  you either high or putin troll bot . 
  lol dude , russia basically is at war with ukraine , are you high or something ?
