  what most people do n't understand is that soviet union 's version of communism and socialism was badly introduced , and the problem with this system lied in stalinism not in socialism . 
  marx and engels did n't state that everybody with different opinion has to be executed . 
  while i think communism is too utopian , socialism would be a good balance between raging capitalism we have today and communism . 
  during the beginnings of the ukraine crisis there started to appear some ideas from those people that poland could annex lviv region , because it used to be polish territory before wwii , but it was quieted rather fast because because of no economic benefit and well , the idea is just retarded . 
  even for right wing . 
  also sometimes idea of bringing back vilnius recurs also because it was part of poland before wwii . 
  but those ideas are ridiculed by most of the society . 
  while in polish society there is this feeling that those two areas were polish and much polish culture was left behind when we had to leave those lands no one in their right mind would start a war to get them back . 
  peaceful coexistence and cooperation is what most people want . 
  haha i envy you , i would not be able to resist the temptation . 
  ask him why then he embargoes food now during ukraine crisis not many years earlier if it is so good for russia . 
  you know that common stereotype is that americans are very stupid so i would n't really throw around those kind of accusations at others . 
  if it were problem of intelligence it would be simple , but it is not , it 's more of a mental issue . 
  russians have different values that make them more prone to manipulation . 
  well i do not know exact reasons , but maybe simply they do not care , because it does n't hurt oligarchs . 
  also huge infrastructure projects are different from making reforms in farming , because you can not store all food in one place , it requires to be more dispersed throughout the country . 
  they have no technology to store the food . 
  yes they could produce , actually they can produce enough , it is just they can not store it . 
  i am talking about recent economical crisis where italy was one of struggling countries and that 's why it is perceived as poorer than let 's say germany or uk . 
  well considering your flair , yes , italy is different west in our perception . 
  one that struggled hard with economy lately . 
  pasted from my another comment : scheme is simple : putin puts an embargo on food because `` west is bad and we need to punish them '' . 
  russian people support him . 
  then import the same food thru intermediary . 
  let people think they are not from embargoed states but from their friends that magically can now produce 10x more food . 
  food gets slightly more expensive , tell people it is because those other countries produce higher quality goods , while actually it is because of intermediary . 
  outcome : russians are happy because putin appears to be a west punisher . 
  food gets a little bit more expensive but it is nothing compared to this `` world is afraid of us '' feeling . 
  intermediary are actually people connected to kremlin so basically putin has a new way to fuck his nation while getting applauded . 
  that 's simply brilliant . 
  just to give you idea on what person putin is :  for no good reason other than to make sure i knew that he had read up on my kgb dossier , he dropped the names of the two russian poets i had written about in dissertations at college and graduate school in the late \u201960s . 
  you are right saying those are only right-wing nuts but they unfortunately grow in numbers . 
  in poland there are also people that would like to see their country strong in military power so while they know russia is an enemy , they like putin 's strong hand version of ruling . 
  scheme is simple : putin puts an embargo on food because `` west is bad and we need to punish them '' . 
  russian people support him . 
  then import the same food thru intermediary . 
  let people think they are not from embargoed states but from their friends that magically can now produce 10x more food . 
  food gets slightly more expensive , tell people it is because those other countries produce higher quality goods , while actually it is because of intermediary . 
  outcome : russians are happy because putin appears to be a west punisher . 
  food gets a little bit more expensive but it is nothing compared to this `` world is afraid of us '' feeling . 
  intermediary are actually people connected to kremlin so basically putin has a new way to fuck his nation while getting applauded . 
  that 's simply brilliant . 
  hahah good joke man . 
  because someone is not terribly anti governmental does n't mean he is pro ruling party . 
  while they journalism might not be best saying they spread lies is ... spreading lies . 
  they will come and ask why are we bashing putin . 
  toxic is what putin does . 
  and that is my opinion and i will continue to share it sometimes . 
  list of his wrongdoings is long and opinion he has is rightfully earned . 
  what discussion you want to hold ? 
  there is nothing left to discuss dude . 
  russia is constantly putting military pressure on their neighbors . 
  they also play dangerous economical games especially with poland and i can tell you they are being dicks since long time ago . 
  like selective embargo on polish food for bullshit reasons , because they could n't openly ban them because of wto regulations . 
  since many years polish people and politicians warned about treating putin and his regime ( yes , i am not afraid to call them this way ) lightly . 
  we wanted to make united european front to negotiate gas prices and other trading . 
  nobody cared . 
  now , finally europe starts to see what a menace today 's russia is . 
  funding terrorists in ukraine , annexing land etc. 
  and you want to go all the way back and start discussing `` hmm well i do n't know , this putin guy seems ok except all the crimes he commits daily '' . 
  discussion time is over . 
  putin and his russia are threat to world stability . 
  and this is not coming from after-war resentment for example i like today 's germany . 
  and many people think like me . 
  of course because of their conflict know this issue will dominate every thread connected to russia . 
  you want us discuss dostoevsky or tolstoy while putin is basically asking for world war ? 
  come on !, 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  i commented on thing i wanted to comment on , what 's your problem ? 
  yes we should lie and say putin is a great leader of a great nation . 
  i mean come on , they conduct a proxy war with ukraine and i do n't know know , you want people to condone that ? 
  he is being bashed for a reason and this reason is he threatens the stability of europe . 
  once he stops that maybe there will be something positive to find about russia . 
  and also what stops you from posting different topics ? 
  currently the `` xxx of europe is dominant '' so i really do n't see your problem . 
  why not whine on that ? 
  yeah i wonder why subreddit is anti-russian , maybe because they deserved this ? 
  you 're funny , this is biggest conflict in europe since balkan war and you want to stop discussions , yeah let 's talk more about weather in gibraltar , so much more interesting and important . 
  teaching should be built on ideals of science , like constructive criticism and rationalism . 
  curriculum should have more emphasis on work in groups and on creative problem-solving . 
  history should teach why things happen not exactly when . 
  but i 'm no expert , those are just my general views . 
  yeah tell me that 's not true . 
  partitions happened without any significant armed resistance . 
  because there was no army , no government and polish king slept with catherine . 
  why do you think partitions happened ? 
  haha this article is very funny . 
  example of very shallow data interpretation . 
  school system in poland is terrible and this is coming from someone who has friends that went to study abroad and have comparison . 
  teaching in poland is based predominantly on memorization of hard data and learning how to take tests . 
  even writing essays is taught in a very schematic way . 
  there is very little emphasis on connecting the data and deduction especially on humanist subjects like history . 
  so for example it is very probable that you ask a pupil when the partitions of poland occurred and who did them and he will tell you , but ask them why ( polish nobility was rotten to boot and disliked the peasantry ) and you will hear no answer . 
  thank you for reminding that . 
  there was a chance this year , but legia warsaw was kicked out for technicality , lmao . 
  professors account for cheating and the passing thresholds are higher because of this reason . 
  with huge amount of tedious memorization it is therefore now very hard to not cheat . 
  i personally know two people who claim that they never cheated . 
  even `` geniuses '' cheat because it is so normal . 
  yeah exactly , everywhere there are extremists .
