  it just is how it is . 
  russia is backwards and that 's because of historical circumstances . 
  we should and actually tried to help them develop , but it 's hard to help someone that refuses it strongly . 
  and were have i written it 's anyone 's fault ? 
  of course , but china is some decades behind and they are using same methods that were used in europe decades ago . 
  it 's sad , but it 's how it is . 
   slavery and inhumane working conditions are no option for us . 
  yeah i 'm pretty sure `` work camps '' in western europe were quite common , where many eastern europeans worked illegally . 
  also western europe had built on colonization of africa . 
  brutal and inhumane . 
  and full of slaves of course . 
  i am not judging , i am just saying that unfortunately a lot of wealth is built on that . 
  well , it 's true . 
   where commies did n't rig elections yeah sure , you know where commies are rigging elections . 
  yeah ok i overestimated tatar population , but there are other minorities . 
  yes , poland was richer in the beginning , so i guess it seemed fair to russians they can steal all they want . 
  instead of developing their own eceonomy . 
  yes , they are improving , a lot . 
  yeah , i miswrote , thanks for correction . 
  yeah but they all live in the same spot , that is otherwise not very much populated . 
  well that 's one on factor only of course . 
   someone also said the parties have changed since this map was done not really , po ( 1 ) , pis ( 2 ) and psl ( 5 ) are still there . 
  in brackets those are standings in last elections . 
  lid was just temporary alliance and now is back to being sld ( 4 ) , they have very strong result in one eastern region because of high tatar population there . 
  there is one new leftist party in polish parliament , but they will probably go away with next election . 
  and concerning the first part , i would n't say that 's really the reason . 
  borders go along rather with old pre ww i partitions not latest migrations after ww ii . 
  but i 'm not an expert . 
  yeah i know that , did n't want to say it 's a repost directly . 
  i have explained in some other answer . 
  as i wrote , western part was always more developed , because germans invested in infrastructure , and it stayed . 
  [ this is how polish railroads looked in 1928 ] ( http://www.bazakolejowa.pl/mapy/1/1088025256.png ) [ this is in 1946 , big file !, 
  ] ( http://www.mapywig.org/m/polish_maps/various/small_scale_maps/mapa_sieci_kolejowej_rp_1m_1946.jpg ) [ and this is today ] ( http://www.plk-sa.pl/files/public/user_upload/pdf/mapy/mapa_polski_ogolna_2014_en_hc_www.pdf ) . 
  you can see it is more uniformed , as some old western german-built railroads were closed , not because some were built in the east . 
  but of course there is many other things germans built in the west . 
  there was also this famous map with % of bathrooms in the houses . 
  basically as i wrote , russians have long history of terrible governance . 
  all the areas under their influence have stopped developing . 
  i would argue that if not the fact communist poland was basically robbed and stopped from developing by soviet union , the communism itself would n't be so crippling , as you can see today , china with central governing , does fine in economy department , but this is pure speculation of course . 
  that 's not an argument . 
  some of them probably yes , but definitely not majority . 
  it 's basically `` richer and more educated '' vs `` poorer and conservative '' . 
  this is why warsaw and cracow votes like the western part . 
  russia is just bad for ya . 
  also [ here ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/91/wybory_parlamentarne_2011_zabory_powiaty.png/640px-wybory_parlamentarne_2011_zabory_powiaty.png ) you have elections from 2011 , do n't know why op did n't compare it with that . 
  there are probably some other reasons like the fact that western poland is more densely populated , and there are less farmers . 
  it sounds like some posh serbian . 
  is n't it because areas were most pro-russian people live did n't vote ? 
  if there would be one for whole europe and it would we be even a little bit satirical , it would probably result in ww iii . 
  on multiple fronts . 
  yeah i guess after super annoying remi gallard pranks this is just next step . 
  [ somewhere deep in comfortable rooms of kremlin ] ( http://d24w6bsrhbeh9d.cloudfront.net/photo/5087370_700b.jpg ), 
  well i regret poland is not as great in xvi-xvii century so what ? 
  first of all afaik teacher can choose the schoolbook from many . 
   students need to be engaged in discussion about them , to think about them or they 'll simply forget focusing on things that make them feel nice and fuzzy inside yes , i agree , and it has n't been done properly , at least when i was at school . 
  nah , i rarely missed classes . 
  maybe you 've had decent teacher . 
  well in russia they made up facts and history from scratch . 
  in poland they just interpret in our favor some of them . 
  well , the same goes probably for other countries with strong national identity , but since i have not participated in schooling in other countries , i can only speculate.i suppose that maybe usa has similar approach to teaching . 
  well to be precise , poles are not proud of being under occupation . 
  we are proud that we survived it . 
  but the fact we went into occupation is mostly attributed to `` bad guys '' and there is little space for actually analyzing the real reasons that led to collapse of poland in xviii century . 
  that 's what lacking , a real analysis of real problems . 
   so you see absolutely nothing wrong with it ? 
  you do n't understand . 
  it does n't matter what i think about it . 
  he is a hero to ukrainians because they believe he fought for ukraine . 
  you can either accept that and live with that or whine about it . 
  i mean , you will not change that . 
  as i said , i am not evaluating who did bad who did good . 
  you will not change ukrainian perspective on this , that 's what i mean . 
  do you understand , for them he will be a hero despite all wrongdoings . 
  because they do n't want to hear about bad things he did . 
  by mentioning them you only antagonize . 
  if you ask for my personal opinion , of course , i believe killing civilians is wrong . 
  but as i said , my , or your opinion does n't matter . 
   so genocide is justified because they were defending , got it no , you do n't get anything . 
  i have repeatedly told you that for ukrainians he is national hero and no bad things he did will ever matter for them . 
  i tried to put this into perspective for you by example of pi\u0142sudski who will be polish hero forever , despite he killed democracy . 
   you 're implying poland attacked ukraine in ww2 because you said they were trying to defend , from what ? 
  as i said , i am not justifying what they did . 
  they have felt threatened , they did what they thought was a solution . 
  it was n't in the end . 
  but that has nothing to do with this discussion , i am not saying who did wrong who did bad . 
  i am saying for ukraine he will be a hero whether we want it or not . 
  so you can either live with it and build new , better tomorrow or forever be mad about the past . 
   stop trying to make ukraine victim here , the allied themselves with fascists with common goal of exterminating poles they saw a possibility for independence and they tried to take it . 
  poland sided with napoleon when he was conquering whole europe to gain some kind of independence . 
  same thing . 
  but as i said in other comment , polish history is taught in schools the way that poland is always victim . 
  history is more complicated than that . 
  i am not saying methods he chose were ok . and yes i know pi\u0142sudski did good things also , but that was not my point , you are not reading at all . 
  you just saw bandera and pi\u0142sudski in one sentence and you go crazy . 
   you compare him i am not comparing him to anyone , i am comparing the treatment they receive from their nations that glorifies them by not looking at bad things they have done at all . 
   should germany honour its nazi soldiers because they defended berlin as well they have invaded foreign countries first . 
  ukrainians were trying to defend in the first place . 
  that 's all i wanted to say , i am not going to argue about this bullshit . 
  i am not saying they did exactly the same , but they both did wrong things for their nation and get praised . 
  you never hear anyone saying that pi\u0142sudski did something wrong .
