  but it 's not a religious thing . 
  cool , i never denied those facts , since you never mentioned them in your comment that i answered to . 
  i commented about lithuania . 
  next time please be more precise about your thoughts . 
  yes that 's closer to the truth . 
  people think that if the fact that perpatrator was muslim is hidden then that must be because it 's `` incovenient fact '' . 
  why do n't they claim the same about perpatrators that are catholic ? 
  those guys that defrauded public money , or took fat bribes , why does n't public cry for revealing their religion , huh ? 
  `` media did n't tell us they are catholic , therefore media are controlled by pro-catholic figures ! '', 
  nope , you never hear that . 
  so much bias . 
  idk where are you going with this , you claimed lithuania is ok and i said it 's too soon to evaluate any consequences . 
  comic is about tpp but i stated in comment that it is relevant to subreddit only becaue it is similar to ttip . 
  but i do n't really care about tpp since eu is not a part of it . 
   and civil society groups get plenty of access , so i do n't know why you 'd claim otherwise i have just given answer to your claim , why do you keep repating that ? 
  yes it 's obviously about ttip why would i care about tpp . 
   these people are n't negotiating , they 're lobbying . 
  yes you 're right i miswrote . 
  does n't change much though . 
  they can look into the document while people from worker unions often ca n't or there is just simply very small number of those allowed . 
  http://corporateeurope.org/international-trade/2014/07/who-lobbies-most-ttip this is just first i found within 2 minutes . 
  i will leave my thoughts on that to myself . 
   they 're going to spend more time examining it from every angle those things are done in secret , there is no guarantee for what you have said . 
  also most people that are negotating are tied to business and corporations . 
  i 've read enough of your comments to know what you think about economy and politics , yes . 
   yet the lithuania did and somehow the apocalypse did not come . 
  they joined few months ago , the results will be observable after few years . 
  despite being pro-european i have to totally agree , cons definitely outweigh the pros . 
  poland would just end up with high unemployment and recession like spain after next global crisis ( which with current econmic mindset is bound to happen ) . 
  but the point was made not about people who live there but about `` history and culutre of prussia '' , it 's totally different matter . 
  ahh so you studied economics , that explains a lot . 
  for some reason in modern teaching of economics there is only one accepted line of thinking , same thing as yanis varoufakis said . 
  basically they teach you dogmas like it 's hard science , except it is not and all those assupmtions they feed economy students are often wrong . 
   if you are pro xyz/anti xyz * and provide no arguments * you are automatically a shill . 
  ftfy, 
   then i would say that poland is a shitty democracy are you gon na back that up with any reasoning or once again you gon na throw those kind of insults in the wind ? 
   does not mean that there is no scrutiny do you understand the difference between `` less scrutiny '' and `` no scrutiny '' ? 
  the point is this treaty will get less scrutiny than regular bills and it would influence policies even more than them , since it is international agreement . 
  and this is simply wrong . 
   if you do n't even understand simple concepts like , this , how can you claim to understand anything else about the treaty ? 
  has it ever occured to you that not every country is governed like usa ? 
  but anyway you just denied yourself . 
   congress has to either give it a yay or a nay , there 's no possibility for amendments  it does n't mean it has to go through in 2 days or that there 's less scrutiny yes it means exactly that , there is less scrutiny by the way you yourself portrayed . 
   politicians ca n't change the constitutions . 
  uhh yes they can , at least in poland if they have 2/3 of the vote in a parliament . 
   politicians ca n't control the central bank . 
  politicians ca n't control the judiciary . 
  those are institutions governed by laws made by , well government . 
  yes they do not control them in a way that they can say ` hey put this guy in a jail ' but they set the rules for how they interact with the country . 
   we limit democracy in so many different areas of government , because often it 's bad if the people have control over it . 
  thing is many people agree we have limited it too much and this is point i 'm trying to make that you refuse by basically saying `` oh we curbed democracy before so it is not a problem if we do it again now '' . 
  now it is a problem . 
   so you 're saying limiting democracy is bad  people should really stop throwing around ` democracy ' as an argument to why something is good/bad , it 's simplistic and reductive in the extreme . 
  i said `` by that logic it is bad '' so it means it is bad from that particular viewpoint . 
  see , it is you who simplified my words , or simply wanted to argue with argument i did not make . 
  but you are simply wrong about other things . 
   for example , a simple majority voting to ban pizza in a referendum is better than elected representatives voting on an increase on the minimum wage . 
  see , this is completely wrong example because as you state yourself , representatives are elected . 
  so both processes are democratic , one is direct and other indirect . 
   we limit democracy in a tremendous amount of areas ( ... ) . 
  we limit direct democracy because it is hard to execute and less efficient . 
  still , after the cadence ends , citizens can choose to sustain their support for representative a or b and in any way is that realised , more or less direct it is still democracy . 
  i 'm sorry but you are very very wrong and mislead on purpose or you simply do n't understand concept of indirect democracy . 
  and the courts we were talking about are not a part of any kind of democratical process direct or indirect . 
  and going back to the part is it good or bad to `` reduce democracy '' . 
  well it obviously depends how much you like democracy . 
  you might think autocracy is better and more efficient and there are some arguments in favor of that of course . 
   you 're also ignoring that our elected representatives would have to vote on the treaty , giving it democratic legitimacy if it goes through . 
  you are also ignoring the point that comic made that it puts it on fast-track and it does n't go usual scrutiny that new laws undergo . 
  also once treaty is passed the government loses control in many areas and it makes very hard to regain it ( unless there is easy way to revoke the treaty , if yes , then that is better ) . 
  so effectively democratically elected government cedes a lot of power to non-democratic institutions . 
  and this is bad if you like democracy . 
  and i personally like democracy and i think we should n't cede more power to the corporations . 
  power to the people i say . 
  and i could say it is nowhere near ok as other people portray it to be . 
  there are always people who fearmonger one or either way . 
  fact is those courts are not chosen any democratical way or managed by country with democratic mandate . 
  national judicial systems are tied to democratically elected governments , those courts are n't and therefore power is shifted out of voter 's reach . 
  by that logic it is bad , it reduces influence of democratically elected powers . 
  same as trade agreements like ttip . 
  but it 's not financed 100 % with those bonds ? 
  it 's not like bond money are being automatically pumped into economy as stimulus . 
  i think you are simplifying too much . 
  but anyway if you could link rebuttal of some other points that would be cool . 
  it might have become a norm , that does n't mean it 's good . 
  i have submitted it despite it deals with tpp because it is similar deal to ttip which is negotiated by eu and therefore is relevant to this subreddit . 
  then i have no idea what was that supposed to be . 
  of course , saying you do n't expect intelligent discussion is totally objective , not-insulting anyone , because it does n't target anyone in particular right ? 
  just a word in the wind . 
   but if you 'd like i could always start with you what was that supposed to be ? 
  a threat ? 
  every sane person ? 
  i mean , this guy is pictured as strong and of course it might appeal to some weak people , but in the end you want someone rational , who can compromise , not engage in a dick-waving contest . 
  see , in the tv series he is successful to gain power , but does he do anything good for usa with it ? 
  not really . 
  i 'm glad you did n't argue with the other part . 
  obviously those corporations capable of hiding mountains of money in offshore accounts are unable to funnel money to campaigns through certain people . 
  for sure . 
  obviously , since you came here . 
  like usual , savannajeff , no input , only insulting people with different ( not extremely neoliberal ) views .
