  this is ridiculous , looks like tusk needs to scold cameron again . 
  and again if needed . 
  yeah , well maybe if he was n't very wrong about many other things someone would listen to him . 
  when in georgia there was a risk of going under fire kaczynski ordered to land the plane anyway . 
  what moron puts himself as president for such unnecessary risks ? 
  even broken clock is right two times a day . 
  incest is bad for people ;(, 
  russians trust no one , except father putin and mother russia . 
  if even lukashenko starts bashing russia , you know there is something wrong with them . 
  well , yes poles are a bit afraid coming back too , but first of all we do n't have big russian minority and we are much more populous than baltic countries . 
  i think that friendship is longer than balkan wars . 
  they have some long standing cultural ties , same with greece . 
  heh , well , i meant that maybe he targets west . 
  well , that only putin knows . 
  and all the secret agencies that stand behind him . 
  this is not good , in the long run this is what makes a nation go to war . 
  well to be fair bereza kartuska was a place where political opponents were interned and whether we want it or not pi\u0142sudski 's rule was mostly an authoritarian regime . 
  but pi\u0142sudski himself wanted a multinational polish federation , unfortunately dmowski and other nationalists blew it . 
   it made polish web furious first time i see it is here . 
  by polish web do you mean kresy.pl or wykop.pl ? 
  or other right-wing biased websites ? 
  really who cares about bunch of dudes in a garage . 
  you want to blow it out of proportion . 
  this is his go-to tactic . 
  accuse neighbouring country of nazism . 
  conquer it . 
  repeat . 
  once russia will rule whole world there will be no nazis , only glorious russians , straight , white russians . 
  well , it worked before and it sadly will work now . 
  that 's how propaganda works . 
  i mean of course people will believe it 's true . 
  i meant the fact you ignore my points . 
  but i guess some people take everything as an insult . 
  implying i insulted you , lmao . 
  no comment . 
   it works for food , therefore it can work , period it does n't works as you said , it works because there is governmental help for the poor and charities and you for some reason skip this argument i made . 
  i have no desire to even read the rest of your post or discuss with such a person like you . 
  goodnight/day . 
   well , maybe you can photosynthesise but most people need food . 
  private food production works pretty well for consumers , which falsifies your statement . 
  hah dude you are just giving me more arguments . 
  first , you totally ignored the part when i said that there needs to be competition , and in case of food there is a lot of . 
  secondly food industry produces a lot of waste that simply can be given to starving , we are producing surplus of food and it is overflowing . 
  this is totally different situation than with meds and procedures , you know that it 's bullshit argument . 
  also i think it 's time for you to wake up , there are starving people every day that need governmental programs and charities to eat . 
  you again choose to ignore that . 
  maybe you live in some ideal world of your dreams , so hello there !, 
  so again for a possibility of free market in this area there needs to be government intervention . 
   they would have more bargaining power than many national healthcare agencies do . 
  that is simply not true !, 
  that 's exactly how it works in usa and the prices for health care are horrendous !, 
  government has a power of bargain combined of all the citizens , no insurance company can provide that . 
  that 's as simple as that . 
   only around 30 % are confident in getting `` quality and safe care '' . 
  clearly , it 's not as rosy as you think . 
  people always want more for less price , that 's normal . 
  also probably 99 % would like to pay lower taxes and be able to acquire more goods , how is that relevant . 
  also you are turning my argument around , i have never said that every public health care project is perfect , i have said that privatization would only make matters worse . 
   as i said earlier , this is true for plenty of other goods and services , so it 's not an answer that is simply not true . 
  it is an answer , you just do n't agree with it . 
  human life is most precious thing and it is invaluable so it can not be subjected to free market and if you do n't understand or do n't agree then we will not reach an agreement . 
   but it already is the case !, 
  drugs and equipment are patentable and for the duration of the patent they are sold exclusively by the company holding the rights . 
  yet , there still exists competition and drugs are not ridiculously expansive . 
  because we have public healthcare system so that government negotiates prices instead of single hospital , so the outcome is much cheaper for the patient ( im not talking about pain meds or some vitamins i am talking about expensive life-saving procedures and meds ) . 
  treatments for serious disease is expensive and you do n't pay it simply because government does that . 
  you would n't be able to afford it in private system . 
  never . 
   any sane implementation . 
  yes let 's just drop what we know works , like public healthcare , and lets make it all private , where it never have worked before , because hurr-durr government is bad and why not make everything for sell . 
  some people just have to go with their free-market ideology , its like a goddamn church . 
   still waiting for an economical answer as to what makes healthcare market so different from every other market i said . 
  human life is not a resource . 
  and it lies in the center of your proposed transaction . 
  see , if i want to buy a car , it is because i want to do so . 
  i can probably buy cheaper car . 
  or a bike . 
  or use a bus . 
  or go on foot . 
  when i have a cancer and need this medicine i need it or else i die . 
  there is no competition here . 
  free market does n't apply in this situation because it assumes the buyer does n't need he only wants to buy good . 
  it also assumes competition between several companies that can offer lower price . 
  here the medicine is licensed and i can not not buy . 
  so the only company selling medicine/procedure/machine / apparatus/whatever can put any price they want . 
  it is not free market it is a goddamn robbery . 
   do you think one example of a bad private system discredits the idea ? 
  i could give you dozens of countries with bad public healthcare . 
  yes but i can give you dozens of countries where public healthcare works great and there is n't one where private one works . 
  usa , the most powerful country failed here . 
  what would you think could make it work ? 
  as i said human life can not be subjected to free market . 
  soviet union was not communist , was totalitarian . 
  they just took up the name for pr . 
  but yes communism would be bad . 
  but we have middle ground between it and capitalism . 
  like socialist democracy . 
  but yeah shouting `` communism is bad , and therefore you are wrong '' argument is so easy to throw around . 
  soviet union was stealing from every satellite country and stopping their development forcefully . 
  stories of blocked polish scientific projects , because `` russia needs to be the best '' are real .
