  you must be proud of yourself . 
   scandinavian countries were already rich before they implemented social democracy . 
  nope , that 's the common myth in poland . 
  they started introducing social economical policies even before wwii . 
   wealth will not magically start dropping down when rich will pay their taxes abroad that is a problem of course , that 's why we need to get rid of tax havens , or at least to operate companies from such places . 
   thinking that their high income taxes were the sole thing most responsible for this great economical performance is something so absurdal to me , it 's hard to even read posts written by someone seriously thinking that with a straight face . 
  uhmm yeah i never wrote that 's the sole reason . 
  i guess you just really wanted to insult me so you imagined i did . 
  good luck discussing with anyone like that . 
   i wonder where would you gather money for that welfare . 
  the idea is that it would increase internal spending which in turn would generate more income , economy is not linear it 's circular , if the income inequality increases , no one is gon na buy anymore and even if there will be capital to invest , no one will actual buy stuff . 
  yes , actually i was thinking about mentioning this quote somewhere here . 
   poland ( in large part thanks to 45 years of inept commie rule ) is simply not a rich enough country to afford having a scandinavian-style welfare state . 
  this is a myth , social policies of scandinavian countries are the source of their wellbeing . 
  whole western europe basically was rebuilt on this set of ideas after wwii . 
   our country needs to become wealthy first everyone wants that , but left side simply argues that wealth will not magically start dropping down when rich will be rich enough . 
  i know the arguments and i know they are very often wrong or unsupported . 
  usa after wwii were rebuilding on 70 or 80 % income tax rate . 
  is this information present in the debate in poland ? 
  that 's what i mean by debate being shifted . 
  there is a lot of good arguments to increase welfares so that people actually can have money to buy things that would actually help our industry with internal spending . 
  but is this information present in debate ? 
  no , it 's not . 
  as i said im not gon na argue what is best for poland right now , but even historical facts that i wrote about are not mentioned in the debate . 
  and this is not good . 
  i 'm not arguing whether its good or bad but considering european politics the debate is indeed shifted a lot to one side . 
  that 's a fact . 
  for the context : poland has one of the lowest top income tax rates in europe , shocking 32 % , before 2008 it was 40 % . 
  economical debate in poland is shifted towards one particular direction , candidates with social economic views did n't gather enough signatures to run in the elections . 
   i do n't know what it is but the majority of polish people on here seem to be very far right neoliberals and just love shock doctrine economics . 
  that 's very true , unfortunately . 
  there are few reasons for that i suppose . 
  one is that economical teaching in poland is like 20 years backwards so the public debate is hugely moved to one side . 
  there are maybe some social , like general hatred towards government , so they would like to see less of government in the market . 
  the funniest thing is they migrate to the west for that social cushion but they do n't want that in poland o.o, 
  that 's the attitude . 
  have you ever considered that maybe they are right ? 
  that putting thousands of people out of work will cost actually more than subsidizing coal ? 
  probably you did n't since most of economists do n't care about long-term social costs . 
  i 'm not saying coal is good , i would gladly see it gone , and should be slowly reduced , but that 's exactly what is happening , lots for coal mines are already closed . 
  there is no need for sudden cuts that neoliberals propose . 
  that would be terrible . 
  they did n't `` fix '' it they simply closed mines putting many people in unemployment , and uk to this day pays huge social costs in benefits and crime , but why would anyone care , right ? 
  this is now top comment , while next in order are real critique with arguments , also the post itself does n't gather many upvotes , yet our savannadetective is yet again on the circlejerk conspiracy . 
  again constructive contribution from our australian friend . 
  reverse psychology much stronk . 
  i rest my case . 
  it was last time i checked on the map . 
   it 's up to themselves to sort truth from falsehood . 
  you honestly believe you are able to distinguish between facts and lies on every subject from economy to science without resorting to some role models or experts ? 
  i can only congratulate you i guess . 
  and i do n't mean greek people should n't be held accountable at all , i am just suggesting they need some slack because they were lied to a lot . 
  with the rest of the post i generally agree . 
   there 's just no two ways about it , the greek people are responsible for the people they vote into parliament and the greek government is responsible for the choices of the greek government . 
  what if i told you ( if you do n't agree then just simply as thought experiment ) that greek people were lied to by government and experts about their economical situation - they were led to believe their economical model is sustainable - and greek politicans ( corrupted as they were/are ) were lied to by eu officials about how eurozone will look like , still you would put all responsibility on greeks themselves ? 
  i 'm sorry for invoking godwin 's law but it often happens that someone suggests most germans should n't have been punished or hold accontable for crimes of nazis because they had no control over that ( despite hitler was democratically elected ) but at the same time greeks are the only people at fault for their economical failure . 
  i do n't understand how can you hold both views at the same time as i see those are dominant opinions here . 
  just before somemone jumps on me , i 'd like to clarify i do n't hold modern germany accountable , i just wanted to show hypocrisy of this reasoning with this example . 
  ahh , the famous preassuming questions . 
  they do not ask if you think brussel 's policies are too permissive , they simply state they are and go further . 
  it does n't really reflect efficiency of a person , it reflects efficiency of economy ( more high tech industry or other very profitable sectors , like banking ) . 
  i 'm just saying it 's weird that article did n't mention him . 
  do n't read too much into it . 
  i think after difficult negoatiations of gas price with russia some time ago tusk started to push this idea hard . 
  i might be wrong on who was the first to put this on the table , but definitely he was vocal about that . 
  actual scientific answer gets almost no recognition while at the sale time anecdotal evidence gets all the upvotes , heh . 
  was n't this basically tusk 's idea ? 
  it 's weird he is n't even mentioned in the text . 
  yeah , i meant central-eastern europe , probably should rephrase that next time . 
  you probably get lots of upvotes from eg . 
  polish people that would like to perpetuate the stereotype `` polish women are most beautiful '' but it simply is not true . 
  i have theory that this bias of opinion comes simply from the fact that uglier girls are less socially active and go out less due to heavy psychological stigma ( in many circles woman is still perceived as person whose main objective is basically being pretty ) . 
  ca n't say how is it in other middle-eastern countries but probably similar . 
  tl ; dr : ugly girls stay at home . 
   is n't all of that awesome and amazing !, 
  it really is . 
  but it 's always so awkward to me when recent history topic comes up . 
  i guess i have to live with that . 
  well , now i feel bad . 
  oh ok , i see , thank you for clairifcation . 
  you guys would not believe how much shit in poland bartoszewski gets from conservatives and other right-side nutjobs days after his death . 
  in some circles having german friends is still a treason . 
  i honestly do n't know why would they hang on to that . 
  it only makes people in other countries think how wasteful french are . 
  i understand they want it as symbol of their importance but at this point the effect is exactly opposite . 
  maybe it 's only for internal delusion , it is very sad if that 's true . 
  i 'm curious if there are any polls on that subject in france . 
  that 's tilt shift . 
  point of complaining on unnecessary visual effects is to press people to stop using them . 
  one thing is making colors more saturated , but using tilt shift for example distorts the perspective a lot , also it is overused very often . 
  and tilt shift , you forgot about tilt shift !, 
  that is probably true but does n't change the fact it will mislead many people , especially kids that are not aware of the context . 
  if you make such connotations at such young age it might be hard to change them later . 
  `` occupied poland '' would be definitely much better , thing is probably not much thought was given when designing was undergoing . 
  it is not surprising in my opinion but nevertheless this should be corrected and i 'm happy that some people try to press on mattel . 
  see , to liberals redistributed money is wasted money . 
  it 's sad only france resists this growing trend . 
  you want to tell us it was n't ? 
  damn . 
  i just offered an explanation why european companies go to isds more often .
