  if they reveal new isds mechanisms and they would be better for poland then that 's cool . 
  but i 'm just skeptical to the whole idea of courts that run outside of any government . 
  but maybe that 's the only way to settle cases between countries . 
   youre already seeing it even on this subreddit , the same bandwagon rhetoric and populism , people jumping onto the anti ttip agreement without even actually knowing wtf they are against of course , nobody knows how the treaty will look like , because it is negotiated in secret . 
  but concerns are nonetheless valid when you see that most of the lobbyists working on ttip have connection with corporations http://corporateeurope.org/international-trade/2014/07/who-lobbies-most-ttip . 
  also putting all people against ttip in `` populism '' wagon is just wrong . 
  is this how we refute valid claims ? 
  people do n't want ttip to become like nafta for mexico : http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/jan/04/nafta-20-years-mexico-regret  whats that ? 
  your food `` quality '' will be going down ? 
  people will be unemployed for some reason ? 
  you didnt read the actual official information released by the eu commission nafta promised so much and delivered on almost nothing , why would people trust government officials on this matter again ? 
   but please base that decision on your own research and proper analysis of facts rather than rhetoric so you are allowed to call those who oppose populists without doing yourself a research on who are those people . 
  the irony . 
  maybe because they operate mostly in europe and european laws are more strict and favor corporations less , so that 's why companies go to court more often ? 
  no offense , but sources like this : http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/jan/04/nafta-20-years-mexico-regret tell us completely different story to what you portrayed . 
  and yes , i am prone to believe the guardian on this issue because of how are they financed . 
  they seem to be one of not many unbiased sources in economics . 
  there are many other good newspapers probably , but you can easily find information how the telegraph was `` punished '' by pulling out of many big advertisers or how le monde 's owners were speaking unfavorably about the fact its journalists revealed hsbc affair . 
  my point is thanks to corporate money debate is highly shifted in one direction and things like isds seem to be cool and normal . 
  how is this comparison any good , latin america is torn with many other problems . 
   `` i think this deal will open the door to genetically-modified foods here , '' said jennifer ruffatto , 28 , who works with handicapped people and was pushing her baby in a stroller . 
  yes , there are anti-scientific idiots in those crowds . 
  but portraying them as mainstreamers is imho manipulation . 
  the biggest concern is economical and always was . 
  people look at nafta that was supposed to benefit all the countries involved and what happened was that mexico lost a lot of employment and migration to usa is still high . 
   but those are virtually two of the most retarded ones on the list , yet two things that resound loudly with a lot of these protesters kinda confirmation bias if you ask me, 
  see i am not saying greeks are n't to blame for irresponsible spending . 
  i only say that if they are punished too much they will go further this road of cozying up to russia . 
  see they are a member of eu so ignoring that and letting them do so because we feel they need to be punished might bring negative consequences in the future . 
  so the `` consecutive greek governments '' have elected a `` pm on the platform of `` we do n't owe anyone anything '' '' ? 
  that does n't make sense . 
  who is `` they '' ? 
   debate on greece . 
  reddit is an opinion forum , hardly a place for serious debate . 
  i do n't think my post hurts anyone really . 
  and yes it might have been oversimplified , i do n't pretend to be an expert . 
   antropomorphizing countries i do n't understand what is wrong with that really , yes that 's a simplification of the will that is being enacted by tsipras and his government . 
   using buzz-phrases ( tightening the debt grip ) but is n't it true ? 
   implying that greece is forced to do this no , that 's how you understood because you wanted to understand like this to make this argument . 
  i could 've wrote `` forces '' , i wrote `` pushes '' to make it softer on purpose . 
  your criticism is based on taking things i say and exaggerating them . 
  thank you for your thorough and constructive criticism . 
  my view is eu-centric - i believe greece drifting towards russia is not good and that more could have been done to prevent it . 
   in my version , tsipras has decided to side with russia far before he won the elections , and he is using greece 's economic problems and europe 's lack of political unity to act as a russian trojan horse inside europe . 
  maybe it is like you say . 
  i do not condone what are they doing , what i have said is they believe that 's best for them , despite negative backlash from european leaders . 
  i suppose they calculated that rescuing their economy with russian money and taking this backlash will be better alternative to succumbing to total crisis . 
  maybe they are wrong and they will be marked as pariah for many years to come . 
  but i think eu could 've sweetened the deal to make greece less prone for such move . 
  but also i do n't have insight in exact numbers but one thing i suspect is that euro hurts greece and they were somewhat tricked into getting in . 
  with common currency afaik there was promised further integration of fiscal policies , it did n't happen . 
  also germany opposed strongly qe which was hurting greece ( but also spain and others ) . 
  i just think there were few more things that could be done . 
  they do push by tightening the debt grip . 
  well i am not saying that greece is noble in their doing or whatever , they just play cards they got . 
  i do n't like the fact that greece is getting friendly with russia still during war in donbas , but i suppose other alternatives are simply worse . 
  i do n't understand why the west constantly pushes greece in this direction . 
  but did n't they actually change name from `` moldavia '' to `` moldova '' over this issue ? 
  yes , it seems similar but not the same . 
  yes but my point is they do n't guarantee anything . 
   an alliance gives you a good reason to protect someone against an enemy . 
  if someone would 've wanted to help they had a pretext . 
   if a muslim does it because the koran said so then it is related . 
  yes but how do you know it is because koran said so ? 
  people jump to conclusions far before any circumstances are revealed . 
   context is very important and you ca n't erase it . 
  thing is often context is being imposed from outside . 
   i 'm sorry but in your view there 's much of the black & white attitude if i see that some people take ideology/religion/idea and they make good things out of it and some use it justify wrong-doings , then is it really because of this ideology or something else ? 
  i look at it from statistical point of view , do muslims commit more crimes based on religion ? 
  maybe so . 
  but does n't more crime also religiously based come from uneducated people ? 
  it is true . 
  so maybe simply muslim people are uneducated ( statistically ) ? 
  i certainly do not see this black and white . 
   exactly to prevent this . 
  czechoslovakia had such a military alliance with france uhh and how did it work out ? 
   so even if letting russia annex ukraine would eventually lead to annexation of eu , you should still let them . 
  uhh ok , not gon na argue with that . 
  if maintaining your sense of integrity is so important to you then so be it . 
  yes , thats true there is small group , but as you said , it 's small , but we put that extremist label on whole culture/religion . 
  this is simply wrong . 
   i do n't agree , the culture in muslim societies are somehow violent in my workplace there are three muslim people and every one of them is from different country and they are all most kind and delicate people . 
  i guess your experience may vary but i do n't see how their culture is `` more violent '' . 
  but the thing is situation at first might seem like it does not concern you , but in long run it might and you should counteract . 
  see , they were saying the same thing when nazi germany annexed austria and then czechsolovakia `` its not our business '' said uk , france etc. 
  and then wwii happened and suddenly it was their business . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/32ww7s/moderator_removal_referendum/ it was removed from listed threads not long ago . 
  that would definitely make more sense , but just sharing currency is not enough , there should be some common fiscal system . 
  currencies are tied to economies , they reflect the state of the economy . 
  state of the euro reflects the state of eurozone economy , but in reality some countries have much better economy than others ; eg . 
  euro is too weak compared to german economical strength and too strong compared to greeek one , so germans benefit from that fact . 
  mountains and banking secrecy . 
  was n't czechoslovakia annexed despite not engaging in any conflict prior ? 
  oh well , you can be neutral all you want until some other country decides the time has ended . 
  i do n't understand why would anyone attribute any kind of priviliges to bunch of loosely connected tissues that is fetus first days after conception , but hey , that 's an unpopular opinion ( at least probably in denmark ) so thanks for sharing . 
  except that when some muslim kills someone they say `` oh its because koran is so violent , it encourages killing people of different faith '' . 
  when catholic kills , you do n't hear that despite that bible ( old testimony ) is much more violent , cruel and fucked up . 
  thing is nobody explains catholic or any other christian wrong-doing with bible . 
  in the same case with muslim , they often call their religion as source of evil . 
  i stand on position that statistically muslim countries are sipmly poorer and less educated ; therefore immigrants from there fit worse to europe than other migrants .
