  so why would you expect ukrainians to do so ? 
  feels like hypocrisy . 
  first of all - yes those fans are tards . 
  second of all , just a little background on polish teaching on history . 
  i do n't know how it looks elsewhere but in poland in history lessons , you learn that poland is the victim of history , and all of bad happened because we tried to defend our ideals while bad guys ganged on us . 
  while this is to some extent true , it 's not like we were always the good guys . 
  but you will not learn that in polish school . 
  so basically every pole will feel superior in historical discussion and will believe it 's ok for us to make revisionist claims and others can not . 
  this whole martyrological thing is huge in poland , unfortunately . 
  yes , lw\u00f3w and wilno were polish cities , but people from there were resettled to newly acquired western territories after ww ii . 
  so basically it was a trade , not the one we wanted or we made , but it has been done and we should n't now try to go back . 
  those people are loud . 
  i assure you most people in poland do n't realistically consider lw\u00f3w or wilno going back to poland . 
   i do n't understand why ukrainians glorify bandera and upa the same reason pi\u0142sudski is glorified in poland , despite he basically overthrown democratically elected government and introduced authoritarian regime . 
  he did bad things for the greater good of his nation . 
  just fyi , i do n't think any polish school has mcd . 
   right , and poland did and started following the west you are totally not following what i am saying . 
  poland followed american economy model , yes . 
  it was better than being in soviet occupation , because everything is better than that . 
  but there is also middle ground , but i understand you are one of those stereotypical american that think there is only socialism or america . 
   you were n't arguing this . 
  i was arguing both . 
  you showed rising salaries . 
  i am showing you rising consumer price index : http://one-simple-idea.com/inflationhistory1800-2003.gif here you go . 
  salaries grew yes , but prices grew more ( from 70ties , huh , who would 've thought ) . 
   this same exact inequality effect btw is happening in sweden , canada , norway , the netherlands , france , and the uk yes , because usa influences whole world . 
  but in every of those countries you mentioned the problem is smaller : http://cdn.theatlantic.com/static/mt/assets/business/gini%20coefficients%20oecd.bmp and anyway how is that an argument `` we are failing but others are also failing !, 
   just like ukraine right ? 
  ukraine never left russian sphere of influence , that 's what about the whole today 's conflict is . 
   this is flat out bs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckcvf8e7v1g i suggest you to watch this . 
  you can always say `` oh but their salaries grew so it 's ok '' but they grew compared to what ? 
  because somehow wealth gap is getting wider and wider . 
  and this is exactly because of neoliberal policies . 
  lol dude , like ... until 1990 poland was effectively under soviet occupation , everything after that did n't include that would give growth . 
  actually today many people start thinking that we overdid capitalist reforms and many people , especially in countryside were left for themselves . 
  look at your country and look what reagan 's reforms brought , rising prices with no rising salaries , unfortunately polish politicians like to copy american solutions so much they can not tell some of them were bad . 
  i hope that will change and we will not succumb to growing wealth gap . 
  you can , but they did it * instead *, 
  yes , that 's what i meant . 
  especially girls use that excuse . 
  but not only of course . 
  so basically once again neoliberal bullshit that actually have put those countries in bad spot in the first place . 
  unfortunately they have the money to sponsor such kind of journalism . 
  this will just bring the rise of `` fast food dealers '' . 
  some smarter kids will buy bags of crisps and resell in school . 
  this will be another dead law . 
  instead of investing in physical education , bathrooms , and real nutrition education , they of course go for cheapest and least effective `` solution '' . 
  yeah , poles do n't believe government in anything because supposedly it steals from them all the time , but they will gladly invest in currency that 's easy to manipulate by corporations , simply because they believe businessman care for their well-being . 
  so naive . 
  i ca n't wait for court cases were people will sue because they lost their whole life 's belongings in bitcoin scams . 
  your mom . 
  i do n't understand , we just demanded what we paid for , how is that hardballing ? 
   that is any currency . 
  i 'm aware of that . 
   that would be a disaster . 
  a developing african country needs a different monetary policy than germany . 
  what african countries need is less meddling from outside forces through financial manipulations . 
  yes , possibility to devalue is good , but side effects , that is possibility to basically make your economy go into recession by currency manipulation are far worse . 
  already huge corporations have bigger budgets than some countries . 
  when you have more money , you have bigger influence . 
  someone has to believe in change for the better . 
  i understand you believe we can not break the vicious circle of economical mumbo-jumbo . 
  that 's sad . 
  so you want to have z\u0142oty because then politicians and ministers can artificially manipulate the value so that it looks better on paper . 
  yay . 
  i believe we should have one currency for whole world and stop this nonsense of playing with devaluation , currency speculation , retarded exchange rates . 
  it would make so many things clearer . 
  radek is just sad he is no longer minister of foreign affairs ;(, 
  oh then nobody would come , people would just go work to other countries and learn different language . 
  and uk gov knows that and that 's why it wo n't happen . 
  unless public opinion thinking somehow migration is bad for them will force the change . 
  maybe because he was also childish looking himself . 
  if it 's less than 0,5 $ then how can you call that a beer ... 
  but are we talking about awarding citizenship ? 
  because afaik you do n't need citizenship to work in uk as eu citizen , that 's the point ? 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  sure , but that 's just side effect . 
  overall it is beneficial . 
   and most of the immigrants from eastern europe are n't high skilled i do n't know about eastern europe , i am talking about middle-eastern  so if an eu member state ( or a few ) is against eu policy they should exit the eu instead of trying to change it ? 
  yes , because free passage between countries is one of the most important things in eu and ending this would be a huge blow to eu . 
  so , yes if you do n't agree with fundamentals you should leave . 
   i do n't think you really know what that means . 
  it pushes wages down for low skilled workers and increases unemployment this can be simply fixed by minimal wage and social benefits , you are basically copying retarded eurosceptic 's rhetoric that shifts blame to immigrants instead to the uk 's government . 
   the person in favour of undercutting low paid workers wages calls those against it ` neoliberal ' same as above , it 's problem of job policies introduced by gov not of immigration . 
   yep , the same problem that france and germany are having . 
  wait ... 
  most of the people from middle-eastern europe migrate to uk because of language which is today 's lingua franca . 
   i do n't know of you 're aware but the eu sort of prevents that . 
  so why do n't they leave eu . 
  oh , i know , no balls , those are just words . 
   immigration is n't good for low paid workers it is in the long run because it helps whole economy . 
  and the fact uk is getting more neoliberal with less social backup than it could have is totally different story . 
  investment in science gives 100-fold profits in 10-20 years . 
  so cutting spending on science does n't hurt anyone ( well except scientists themselves ) in short term but hurts a lot in long term . 
  so when you cut spending on science because country is in a recession you can expect even bigger one next decade . 
  i hate the fact that people are so short-sighted . 
  goddamnit uk should be glad they happen to speak the language of a nation that is world 's biggest power ( usa ) and that allows many skillful people to immigrate to uk . 
  if uk 's government really thought immigration is bad , they would stop it . 
  they do n't because obviously it is beneficial to them . 
  but instead of growing balls and telling the public that it 's good for them , they try to appease them by faking movements into more border control .
