ah yes you 're right , my bad . 
   germany did n't invade france until 6 months they could have invaded sooner if invasion of poland went as planned . 
  edited, 
  territorial gains say nothing , poland was raided up to cracow in middle ages , and still won afterwards . 
  but not gon na argue , i 'm not historian . 
   but what assurances did stalin have that poland would fight hitler he waited 16 days with invasion , he saw poland is fighting . 
  no , there is no chance he doubted poland will fight . 
  poland always fights . 
  even if the fight is lost . 
   stalin didnt trust anybody and was insane . 
  i would n't say he was insane , one might say he was sociopath , but not insane . 
   germany would have beat poland , same as they beat france france surrendered after germans went around the maginot line . 
  and there is no guarantee germans would beat poland , and even if , it would still be better buffer zone than conquered territory . 
   stalin needed a staging ground to invade germany and western europe - he was preparing an invasion and hitler took him off guard . 
  yes , that is all . 
  he simply wanted the cake for himself . 
  and he succeeded . 
   russia did not even enter poland until germany had crossed the polish boarder an started invading russia !, 
  in fact it was after 16 days . 
  what , where did you get this bullshit from . 
  poland was still defending after both germans and russians invaded . 
  if not for soviet betrayal poland had real chance of defending from germans . 
  uhmm , no it did not work as a buffer zone . 
  poland had huge chance of defending itself if not the russians going in 17 oct. . german blitzkrieg was not going as hitler planned , despite the fact poland was attacked from 3 sides . 
  only betrayal from the 4th brought poland down . 
  german invasion might have been stopped then in 39 ' if not for soviet russia . 
  stalin just wanted to expand soviet union , and enslave nations to the west . 
  he was just smarter than hitler , and played `` savior '' later on . 
  what atrocities hitler did , stalin did 10x more , just in more quiet way . 
  but you know , winners write history . 
  but it is up to you if you really want to know the real history . 
  tl ; dr : poland would serve as better buffer zone than conquered poland . 
   poland is also run by crooks and idiots it is not . 
  stop that bullshit . 
   during meals , children were forced to eat everything on the plate . 
  for dessert , a liquid jelly or pudding was served . 
  the food was meant to be nutritious and everyone was supposed to eat `` properly '' . 
  oh yes , that was true nightmare . 
  ladies actually forced children to eat , like literally sometimes . 
  i have been very resilient so i was dupped `` niejadek '' which means `` non-eater '' . 
  and this was still already around 1995, 
  make independent bavaria happen , problem solved . 
  maybe the fact you do n't know , means there is nothing that takes away your freedoms . 
  yeah , sure bunch of oligarchs , that robbed russians of natural resources and money in general for sure makes gdp per capita look bigger . 
  yeah , but that 's hugely overblown , i was born in east and then lived in warsaw , not once i was mocked by any of those facts . 
  it 's more of a internet/media thing . 
  spoken like a true french, 
  yup . 
  and that gimmick with 40 people living in one room that happened before orange revolution some years ago ? 
  not gon na happen again !, 
  i 'm sure of that !, 
  business as usual in young democracies . 
  that 's very comfortable voting place , you go to voting booth with curtains and then dude with kalashnikov checks your spelling and if you did n't make a mistake on voting card !, 
  i bet if we had done this in poland we would have much bigger percentage of people coming for elections . 
  also i heard you can buy cheap vegetables !, 
  sound like a dream . 
  because it is totalitarian as iraq , nk and libya . 
  how it is not ? 
  you are joking right ? 
  nothing in last 10 years showed there is any resistance to putin . 
  null . 
  zero . 
  there is n't any significant opposition , protests are not big enough to influence anything , oligarchs do n't do shit . 
  this is a totalitarian regime , let 's be honest . 
  name one internal force than can threaten putin . 
  one . 
  zero ? 
  russia already sells gas to china dirt-cheap . 
  of course , russia will never openly say this and china will be fine with that because they like to remain in the shadows . 
   on the one hand , it could put pressure on putin and maybe lead to his ouster . 
  yeah like countless other dictators that peacefully went away . 
  like saddam , kims in korea or khaddafi . 
   remote access is how they update your modem 's firmware without your authorization . 
  yeah this shit is annoying , you play a game or something and they decide to update your modem right then at 6pm . 
  so , so annoying . 
  why you so butthurt . 
  i said it 's funny only , nothing more . 
  i do n't hold them responsible for what happened in the past , that would be absurd . 
  i 'm sorry , but every time germans says something `` shame it did n't survive '' about some polish art destroyed in ww ii it makes me chuckle . 
  i am not angry , it 's just funny . 
   hitler 's death squads burnt the majority to the ground edit : yeah downvote me because i mentioned the war . 
  oooh . 
  pecunia non olet , right guys ?? 
  well , [ this guy ] ( http://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/joseph_conrad ) was polish after all . 
  he wrote [ heart of darkness ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heart_of_darkness ) . 
  yeah , that 's not even funny . 
   so instead they went halfsies golden mean . 
  unfortunately humans tend to swing to one extreme or the other . 
  it is so simple , just balance those two things . 
  yet without communism in the east suddenly they forgot how to do that . 
  i have read before that this is fake move by orban to cover something else , but i 've forgotten what that thing was , so i guess he succeeded . 
  as far as i know soviet union was robbing countries around them for 50 years . 
  also gdp is only one way to measure wealth . 
  there are some other development indexes , not only economical . 
  and first of all , we do n't have oil . 
  or a land with a lot of resources that we could steal from locals leaving them in the poverty ( siberia ) . 
  also try looking up how this wealth is distributed in their population . 
  while poland has quite ok distribution , in russia it is horrible , with small class of multimillionaires , and millions of really poor . 
  being an average citizen what country would you choose to live in ? 
  yeah if i would say , crack cocaine is bad for ya , does it mean it is crack cocaine 's fault ?
