  yeah looks like it 's the only purpose of this programme . 
  they did n't appear almost at all in last weeks . 
  it is and it will be always too soon for half of the country that praises lk as martyr . 
   so yes , you need to know what the candidate is about , but when one says that they will `` rewrite the law '' or `` lower taxes '' like miss og\u00f3rek , then that is simply bullshit . 
  of course , that 's why she was irrelevant . 
  they need to have a program so that people would know what bills they would sign or veto . 
  i do n't know what kukiz thinks about taxes , in-vitro or other stuff . 
   they 're used everywhere except sejm that 's true , but then sejm is most important in all this . 
   even miller and kaczy\u0144ski improved situation more ( with cit and zus cuts ) . 
  situation of business owners yeah , not people , which is funny because both parties were supposed to have social economic programs . 
   they did nothing to mitigate the effects of catastrophical demography . 
  they did raise retirement age  they did not create foundation for future growth . 
  i dont know what exactly you mean by that , but yes i agree there should me more money in science , that 's one of the things i do n't like about them . 
   they increase administration to humongous levels . 
  if by humongous you mean pretty standard for every eu country , then yes . 
   shroeder got good job in gazprom after his term . 
  are you even sane ? 
  how can you compare post in gazprom with one in eu ? 
  they are not more fucked up than parties everywhere in the world , stop this nonsense please . 
  you embody myth of polish whiner for whom biggest win is to say `` but we have the worst x '' . 
  for last 7 years we had very stable governing coalition that pushed many good laws and stabilized economy . 
  our ex-prime minister became very important political figure in eu . 
  i ca n't listen anymore to this bullshit . 
  edit : actually two of our ex-prime ministers , buzek and tusk . 
   did you watch house of cards ? 
  i ask you about a real world example and you reply with house of cards ? 
   do you who the `` whip '' is ? 
  there is no such function in poland , because politicians do not represent themselves and their voters but they always vote as their leader tells them . 
  yes , that 's exactly what i would like to avoid , parliamentarists arguing over cash for their regions . 
  instead making a law for a country they try to grab what they can for their states . 
  also it is important to note that in usa states are autonomous in many things so comparison is just poor . 
   in the fptp system they can opose their leader and still get re-elected for standing to their beliefs and remaining true to their voters . 
  getting kicked out of a party would no longer be a threat . 
  parties will have to make effort to have most respected people in their team . 
  cool theory , so tell me why doesnt it work in uk or usa ? 
  it does n't need to be viral , those are well-known facts , fptp leads to two-party system . 
  and it suits explicitly only big parties . 
  we have fptp in senate elections too , check how it looks like . 
  also , can you provide any example of country where it actually works like you portray ? 
   and either introduce the single-member district bill or announce a referendum before the second round but first past the post is such a stupid idea and it 's good they did n't deliver . 
  just look at the latest results in uk !, 
  everybody complains at this system , also in usa and yet in poland people want the opposite , i am so baffled . 
  if final results will resemble those exit polls then this is just too funny . 
  people are tired with politicians not taking care of them so 20 % votes for guy who has no program whatsoever . 
   like i said , he would n't have done anything about legalizing pedophilia . 
  this is clear manipulation . 
  let me repeat . 
  presidential candidate says `` light pedophilia is ok '' and you expect media to ignore it ? 
  candidates are being checked in all directions , every shit they say is taken into consideration . 
   read a book about economy , will ya ? 
  actually i did read some , like : https://tadeuszczernik.files.wordpress.com/2014/06/kiec5bcun-w-patologia-transformacji.pdf also i 'm in the middle of `` capital in xxi century '' by piketty . 
  i recommend both . 
  around 5 % , well today we have elections so we will see exactly how much . 
  if it makes it any better they support him mostly only because of his economical program . 
  which is imho bad and stupid , but that 's another thing . 
   media always focus on his views about issues he does n't really care about it 's hard not to focus on something when presidential candidate says `` light pedophilia is ok '' . 
   all people voting for him want essentially the same what civic platform ( current ruling party ) promised to do in 2007 i would say it is more or less the same direction but far more brutal and aggresive towards neoliberalism . 
  it 's true media do n't focus on economy as much as we would want to because then it would expose obvious idiotisms this guy spews around . 
   was there a big fuss about not having sources ? 
  the thread was delisted because i cited only twitter source which is where the combined map appeared for the first time . 
  so i took some time to find source of both maps ( did n't take too much time so i figured i did n't need to cite them before ) and added them to original submission after it was delisted , but no luck in recovering it so i deleted original one and resubmitted . 
  well i do n't understand honestly why would you need sources on something so well documented , but i guess rules are rules ? 
  what you say is n't in opposition to the article . 
  he is a lunatic but has support around 5 % because his economical views are popular and his shit-talk about other stuff is always explained by his supporters as misunderstanding , media exaggeration or speaking how it really is ( lack of political correctness ) . 
  source : https://twitter.com/vaughanroderick/status/596967966647971840 sources of source , left map : http://www.durhamrecordsonline.com/literature/peopling_easington.php right map : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_general_election,_2015, 
  man i am talking about this : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/35hngb/distribution_of_labour_seats_compared_to_england/cr4ieii i do n't know how more sourced can it be . 
  i have added additional sources and i have messaged you about that also , please reply to that . 
  additional sources , since apprently twitter is not ok : http://www.durhamrecordsonline.com/literature/peopling_easington.php here is the source of map on the left . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_general_election,_2015 and here is source of the map on the right . 
  good luck . 
  but it is * the * source . 
  it was ok for r/mapporn and the data covered by this graphic is not controversial , they are widely available , please reconsider . 
  also : http://www.scoopnest.com/fr/user/independent/597100055028375552 , now is this ok source ? 
   well , send police , arrest parents , vaccinate child , return them all back home , ** expect riots ** . 
  done . 
  here , i fixed it . 
  source : https://twitter.com/vaughanroderick/status/596967966647971840, 
  by not showing up ? 
  the point is some people believe issuing arms to citizens would prevent such events because they would defend themselves . 
  i am not implying that he used army gun for this crime . 
  b. . . but . . every man in switzerland has gun to defend , how could that happen ?!, 
  his life goal it seem is to make comment section barely readable . 
  it works both ways , how does it matter what is minimal hourly wage if people would work only 20 hrs in a week ? 
  and why is it only relevant ? 
  because you said so ? 
  car stahp !, 
  you ca n't fly !, 
  come back !, 
  ca ... oh i told you !, 
  what do you mean , we obviously have one ? 
  which is a compliment concerning that biggest presidential power is vetoing bills that go through parliament , in other words he can only stir shit up and show up to official parties . 
  there , there , grampa , drink up your tea and back to bed . 
   despite having a 90 % disability , he is a physicist with a phd degree soo , like spanish stephen hawking ? 
  for me personally biggest regret is that none of the candidates of the social economic left gathered enough signatures to be a candidate , i 'm speaking of wanda nowicka and anna grodzka . 
  they would have more chance for sure if they would join their forces , but still not gathering 100k signatures ( you can sign for few candidates afaik so its not like signatures divided between them ) is a sign how things are nowadays when crazies like braun , korwin-mikke or kowalski gather so much support on their populist conservative-nationalist agenda . 
  yes there is palikot with kinda liberal social views but in terms of economy he seems to be neoliberal-leaning too . 
  and magdalena og\u00f3rek is just ... let 's just say she is candidate from post-communist left party that slowly goes into the shadow because it has nothing to offer . 
  apparently there are people who support him so whether he trolls or not he represents someone , definitely . 
  also he gathered 100k signatures ... 
  nobody criticizes france , we make joke of you .
