  newsflash : you are not free person , nobody is , except maybe some hunters in amazonian jungle . 
  society runs more smoothly and more efficiently when it is organised . 
  that 's why only organised societies have prevailed from tribal era . 
  those who imposed certain obligations on other tribe members survived . 
  modern society is the extension of that . 
  get over it , cost for your education , well-being , safety , scientific achievements etc. 
  is your freedom . 
  as i said , you can fly away to some desolate place and start your `` free life '' there . 
  there is a reason that usa with less social policies is slowly going down , while western europe goes strong . 
   i do n't have money right now . 
  it is because in poland private sector is much stronger compared to public sector and can impose salaries as it wishes : very low . 
  only state wants citizen to be happy . 
  companies are here to make profit : do n't believe their lies that they want your happiness , they have money for media propaganda . 
  one day , boom cancer . 
  i really want to see him paying for that . 
  people , especially young and healthy do n't think about the future . 
  also public , centralized healthcare allows for negotiating better prices on equipment and meds with global medical and drug corporations , there is a balance , sides are equal and both want to make a good deal . 
  in usa you have hospitals negotiating alone , and the company can charge as much as they want , because hospital has to get the drug to save lifes , company does n't need to care , because it 's just one hospital , they can provide to thousands others . 
  cheap private healthcare is possible on poland only because there is a competition from public sector . 
  without it prices would be sky high like in usa . 
  but neoliberal morons , like dukenpl dream of land with no public sector , that would be basically going back to medieval or even pre-civilization , every man for himself . 
  we have private doctors , clinics etc. 
  in poland , he does n't mean that . 
  he wants to be able to opt-out from public healthcare which is obligatory in poland . 
  then you must be retarded . 
  one of best polish movies is [ sexmission ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088083/ ) . 
  in short it 's a comedy about two guys trapped in 100 % female world . 
  it actually has some deep meaning and some references to communism , as all good comedies from that era . 
  also , quoting one of the reviews `` this movie has a lot of nudity '' . 
  upvoting this to the top does more evil than the act itself by overblowing the threat inside europe . 
  it just seperated case of some one douchebag trying to be cool . 
  he is driving goddamn audi , he probably gets money from his daddy . 
  media 1 : 0 reason, 
   at least in my experience, 
  yes , white people never do that . 
  and they said building bigger jesus than in rio is a waste of money . 
  nooo , it 's better to whine about how eu wastes money on being informative . 
  yes , and it is precisely because they do n't know personally any muslims . 
  this sentiment is strong in poland . 
  one of most popular political gimmicks is to frighten voters with `` islamization '' . 
  because `` see what they did in west , we have to avoid that at all cost , lets hate all muslims '' etc. 
  maybe so , but i have never heard him apologizing in participating in the process of robbery privatization . 
  yeah that 's cool and all , but khodorkovsky himself was one of the people that got money from russian privatization and was part of russian oligarch mafia . 
  he just did n't want to share with putin and his friends so they made him go away . 
  if he had kept his company and money he would do nothing , like all other oligarchs . 
  like macedonia needs even more fucked up political situation . 
  well actually i should say , like balkans needs even more fucked up political situation . 
  yeah we should n't rearm , that 's what i 'm saying . 
  and yes our economies are stronger , that 's why he is only talking , because he knows he can not afford war or occupation more than parts of ukraine . 
  well afaik certainly scots are more socialist , so yes , redistribution of goods towards poorer will be bigger . 
  first fact is that people always miss something in the past , when they were younger , had less problems etc. 
  other thing is that most of people would like to see a comeback of some socialist policies , with more care for citizen rather then constant strive to grow economically at the cost of human lives . 
  after communism most of former soviet block bounced back to raging capitalism . 
  people now feel it went too far , and want to go back a little bit and i support that notion . 
  also , op most of your links do n't work . 
  putin wants to stir in europe , so the population would call for heavier army funding . 
  he wants europeans to think about it and fear . 
  if he really wanted to capture those cities he would say `` oh i am not going anywhere , we will live peacefully '' and then strike . 
  because that 's how they work . 
  we should focus on our economies and work for better tomorrow , putin wants us to change priorities to make us weaker - do n't let him . 
  i 'm not french , so correct me if i 'm wrong but from what i gather it 's not multiculturalism failed , it 's that it was never truly accepted by french people . 
  muslim from maghreb and other places were just treated like cheap workforce , without much respect so they closed themselves in ghettos . 
  same thing happened in usa with black . 
  basically you can not expect assimilation from very different culture when host nation treats you like a worse race . 
  in usa this happened over long time until exploded , in france it was fast because they treat their cultural heritage very very seriously and thus perceive other cultures as inferior . 
  this just my view on this . 
  yup , because you know , lower taxes and everybody gon na be rich , except not . 
  for some reason when someone is politician instantly he ca n't be trusted to govern public money and when someone is ceo then suddenly he is super honest and for sure will raise wages as taxes will be lowered . 
  so naive . 
   it seems the youth here have some notion that the government must be corrupt because we 're not as rich as countries that used wielded empires not too long ago . 
  yeah , also i laugh when i hear few years younger people ( around 20 ) saying they are fed up with politics . 
  wtf they have voting rights for the first time and they are already fed up , ridiculous . 
  yes , but probably we are getting rostowski , the guy who had courage to end reaping of polish nation by private banks ( i 'm talking about retiring funds ) despite public outcry ( fueled by media being sponsored by those banks and entities ) as a finance minister . 
  he has diplomatic background also , he will be very good , if not better than sikorski . 
  yeah we are totally not arrogant and martyrologic . 
  i am very well aware of that , that 's why it 's doubly annoying . 
  no offense , but is it really necessary to continue this 2 language bullshit ? 
  it serves no other purpose than to annoy reader and introduce confusion . 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvrsdiofdza ), 
  yeah we didnt force out all germans , they have guaranteed 2 seats in polish parliament . 
  and if someone did it was russians . 
  just fyi . 
  russians believe maidan protests were instigated by western countries . 
  also many eastern ukrainians think so , i personally talked to one and he said that among killed people there were no ukrainians , only some recruits from caucasian countries . 
  i mean , this is probably a lot of bullcrap but that 's how they see it . 
  heheh poland would be biggest in eu . 
  that mono ethnicity . 
  also why ukraine is n't seprated too , i heard they have some separatist problem ... 
  there is a lot of racism in russia and while state does n't officially condone it , there is no real pursue to cut such acts . 
  black students being beaten , asian workers ganged , that 's a regular day in russia . 
  yes , there is no official ideology proclaiming russians better nation , because that would instantly make them look exactly like fascists they oppose so much . 
  they do n't loudly announce russian masterrace , they just act like it is obvious . 
   most russians do not see it this way and instead are operating under the belief that they are simply helping their democratic , eastern slavic brothers fight off pro-western fascists i 'm pretty sure that 's what germans thought about austria annexation  putin is motivated purely by geo-political interests this statement is empty , has no meaning . 
  every leader had geo-political interests . 
  it is just some leaders realize them through different methods than putin . 
  nobody is accusing of anything , we just find similarities in their behavior . 
  well yeah , that 's true , he did write `` mein kampf '' also while putin seems to be less vocal . 
  this is the difference , putin is former kgb agent , so maybe that 's where his secrecy comes from . 
  hitler also did n't start mass murders right away . 
  when i was around 14 i had visitors from belgium for 3 days .
