  no , what you describe is called tyranny of majority . 
  so you voted like that for your own sake without considering if it would actually be good for the country ? 
  i mean , ca n't blame you , but that 's kinda short-sighted . 
   i 'm looking at this purely from the point of view of a small family business . 
  may i ask why ? 
  as i said , for sure there is a way to wisely tax inheritance . 
  i 'm not saying this particular swiss one was good ; i am not familiar with it . 
  also usually inheritance taxes start from really high thresholds so most people are not influenced anyway . 
  is a company that is worth 2 million really a small family business that ca n't take it ? 
  also could n't be law desgined to tax only actual money inheritance , not assets that are part of company ? 
  i 'm not sure how exactly is the proposed swiss law designed , but usually inheritance taxes start from really high amounts . 
  for sure there is a way to tax interited millions and not kill family businesses . 
  what do you mean that by taxing inheritance fat cats get more money ? 
  i would say it 's the opposite ? 
  if only society would think the same ... 
  i suppose czech border goes over mountain range so one side is windy and other not ? 
  i just speculate . 
  ah yeah , it was unfortunate for me to put it next to each other . 
  but well , lgbt is considered far-left in poland :p, 
  except poland , sucks for both . 
  there is antifa and there are lgbt movements and others but they have literally zero political influence . 
  high on karma ? 
  want an easy and painless reduction ? 
  come to / r/europe and post opinion totally irrelevant to the content , instant returns guaranteed !, 
  we need at least 10 thousand shit replies that make no sense , so everyone 's welcome . 
  yeah , telling a story from his point of view is offensive and pathetic . 
  he describes his feelings and emotions at the time , how dare he find something funny in his life . 
  he should obediently succumb to the overwhelming grayness of the 90s moscow i suppose . 
  it was a joke reference to that : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/why_didn%27t_you_invest_in_eastern_poland%3f , but i like that you enjoyed region i come from , 
  i would advise staying away from eastern poland , it is heavily underinvested . 
  it 's ok , we have elections now so it probably went down like 5 % . 
   the fact that i have to explain this is so telling about the differences in innovation culture between my country and your country . 
  all you seem to be doing is making excuses . 
  oh i see , so it 's personal . 
  you know all you wrote make sense , except it does n't match reality . 
  google already paid huge fines in europe for their violations and monopolistic practices . 
  what you described is basically next internet bubble growing . 
  how those products really translate to everyday life ? 
  do those start-ups pay taxes or they allowed to grow with many tax cuts and breaks in the name of technological progress ? 
  would n't society benefit more if this growth would actually be turned into something for people ? 
   nobody has a monopoly on good ideas or laptops . 
  yeah so that 's windows is most commonly used os since i remember . 
  it 's funny because according to you it should be even easier to make competitive os than to make competitive laptop . 
  but reality shows something different  google loses top programmers to startups all the time , because people want to actually co-found a company and make tons more . 
  that 's cool . 
  now , do they make products competitive to those of google ? 
  you are going around my arguments . 
   anyone can supply an alternative web browser . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  i understand that code grows on trees and you do n't need to pay it guys because they eat air . 
   it 's not like google has bought all the iron mines and refineries and railroads to prevent other companies from building cars that compete with their cars except they did by offering salaries no one can match . 
  that 's how monopoly works . 
  yeah i started to buy games on steam because it 's actually faster than downloading from torrents now . 
  i would even say it 's too fast especially when your credit card data is saved ... 
  thanks for listing all those projects that people have yet to benefit from . 
  but you missed the point enitrely which is that several big companies would be more innovative than one monopolistic like google . 
  in areas that actually google is the one providing competition like internet supplying it makes prices go down while quality go up . 
  but in areas they are monopolistic we see barely any innovation like mailing or web browsing . 
  well , sources are stated on the picture itself . 
  it 's because europe still has some decent consumer and worker protection ( it varies from country to country of course ) that makes it harder for a company to become monopolistic megacorp . 
  i do n't see why people see it as a good thing that one company dominates market so much . 
  yes those companies started as very creative and innovative , but now they harm development more than help ( except spacex from mentioned examples ) . 
  now most creative thing they do is tax evasion . 
  i would say `` success '' of those companies comes from lackluster law that supports big business rather than skill and knowledge ( but not solely of course , i do n't deny they attract a lot of good minds with their high salaries ) . 
   last time i checked that almost passed off as `` centrism '' in poland . 
  yes , in poland , but the economist is not a polish newspaper so i would expect them to have broader perspective . 
  well , he is basically nazi , i dont consider retards like him to be part of any political spectrum , but yes technically you are correct . 
   yeah , major constructive discussion going on in a thread where the top voted comment is literally `` it 's bullshit that mods have the power to control content '' . 
  yup , that 's not biased at all . 
  i 'm not exactly happy with that , but i do not hold any control over that . 
   stop acting like a victim i suppose there is no point for me to talk to you anymore . 
   use modmail i will write this for the third time and i hope this time you will get it . 
  i did use it and i got no answer . 
  now , stop . 
   the only reason to post a thread like this is to start shit or a constructive discussion , but i guess that never occurred to you  stop acting like you 're a young naive debutante , you know exactly what you 're doing . 
  yes , i want to get a real answer to my question . 
  now , i know that going openly like that will spark controversy and that 's exactly why i would like to keep the thread civil without any unsupported accusations . 
   you say you `` let it go since it 's not that important '' it was n't until i found out similar content to mine is not delisted . 
  and thats exactly what i have written . 
   trying to start shit against mods who actually do a good job on this sub i do n't try to start any shit , i just pointed out an inconsequence that i do n't understand and i did n't say they are not doing good job . 
  they do it for free and i have only respect for them  christ , i hate topics like this . 
  christ is busy with ascension today , let him go . 
   if you have an issue that you need an answer for from the mods , send a modmail , that 's why it 's there for . 
  i did try that and i even wrote that `` now , i tried contacting mods but ( ... ) '' basically , before you entered thread and actually read what i wrote , you formed your opinion and posted it . 
  please next time put more thought in such delicate matters like this . 
   mr komorowski veered too far left it 's probably exactly the opposite , he must look for voters on the left side , ca n't be more conservative than duda . 
   mr duda 's popularity and centrist image could also cause ripples within the pis , possibly creating a leadership challenge for mr kaczy\u0144ski . 
  first of all , what centrist image ? 
  he was conducting political agitation in churches and all his views are basically what catholic church doctrine says , it 's as far right as you can go without being a priest . 
  furthermore `` causing ripples '' is highly unlikely since kaczynski 's position was , is and will be strong in a party he built himself . 
  also duda lacks any spine , he basically is just a puppet in his hands . 
  it is possible though , for duda to become new leader of pis but only if kaczynski would want him as his successor because he himself would like to retire . 
  it was speculated that before smolensk catastrophe he was preparing jan kurtyka for this purpose but he died in a crash alongside his twin brother . 
  i assumed there is more than one mod that keeps it clean , and my threads were delisted like 30 minutes after posting so i thought there is always someone watching . 
  ok , but then there are like 10 mods here , on r/europe so they do n't moderate threads ? 
  thanks for your answer , but i would n't want this thread to go into mod-bashing mode , i do n't want to assume the worst , maybe there is rational answer to that . 
  but the charts presented are from q4 2014 and that data is available for all countries . 
  are poland , czech republic , and some other countries i did n't catch , omitted on purpose ? 
  sorry i might have been not precise , coal mines are subsidized a lot . 
  afaik coal is subsidized more than solar power in germany so your point is invalid .
