  and it should stay this way or go even lower . 
  we have no oligarchs and that is great . 
  russia has oligarchs and that led to we know what , usa has oligarchs and it also leads to growing inequalities . 
   our bigger problem is lack of rich capitalists , owning worldwide companies with headquaters located in poland . 
  how is that a problem i fail to see . 
   it is because your beloved goverments impose customs on imported goods , while giving farmers free money . 
  this way food is not produced in countries where its cheapest to produce , but rather imported or donated from rich western countries . 
  you did n't even bother to read what i have written . 
  i was talking about people starving in developed countries . 
  not developing . 
  i know pretty well that african countries can not export food to developed countries . 
  our farmers would lose this competition , that 's for sure . 
  unfortunately we have to keep it this way for strategic reasons , a state can not import all food from abroad . 
  it 's enough we import oil and have problems with that . 
  how do you define `` your people '' ? 
  you mean he hates all other nations equally ? 
  maaan just go with it and bathe in karma . 
  you know , it is not allowed to maintain your independence from russia too long - it 's nationalism , it 's fascism . 
  you have to subject yourself and your country to loving , tolerant and totally not arrogant and nationalist russians . 
  you know , only russians are allowed to be independent . 
  and patriotic and stuff . 
  no , they are trying to make it a joke . 
  it is not , do n't let them . 
  people go mostly abroad because western europe has better social back-up . 
  they do n't leave because they do n't earn a lot in poland , they leave because they do n't earn enough to cover basic needs . 
  your anecdotal experience with friends does n't matter , poland will always be poorer and they would do it anyway . 
  what we need is more socialism , we need to shift money from rich to poor , to lower the inequalities . 
  this is not only polish problem , but worldwide one . 
  higher taxes for the richest force them to compete harder and to invest in innovations to increase efficiency . 
  this is how you grow middle-class , by giving people more money to spend . 
  today lot of people just have money for food and shelter . 
  imagine if they had money for clothes , cars etc. 
  btw did you know that usa had great economic growth in 70ties while having something like 80 % tax rate for the richest ? 
  did you know that scandinavia rebuilt themselves on socialist policies with high tax progression ? 
  brain drain will never be stopped . 
  poland will be poorer than other western european countries for at least next 20-30 years . 
  also people leave their birth country to get more knowledge , experience abroad . 
  so instead desperately trying to make them stay and fail we could at least make the live better for the poor . 
   high taxes for high income bracket are not only unjust what is unjust is people working 12h/day and barely making to buy food , while ceos doing shit are buying lambos and yachts . 
  every next million is much easier to earn so it is obvious it should be more taxed . 
  i 'm not communist of course , i do n't believe that everyone should earn the same , that 's unreal and stupid . 
  but in the world with overproduction of goods and food letting people in developed countries starve is tremendously stupid . 
  also remember minimum wage increase is very much needed . 
  also , if you fear that high taxes will make investors and people leave , why then whole western europe do n't move to poland where ( according to eurostat ) taxes are the lowest ? 
  giving more money to poorer will not kill economy . 
  it will help it . 
  lowering taxes for the richest is very stupid thing to do and the fact that tusk and civic platform went away from this neoliberal nonsense shows they learn from mistakes of other countries . 
  really great !, 
  i hope we will soon see some solidarity with ukraine now from eu . 
  also interesting who will take over as polish pm now . 
  glad to hear that . 
  well , this particular pic maybe yes , i do n't really have timestamp for that one . 
  what pis did was lowering taxes for the richest - very bad move . 
  i would say economy grew because investors liked that someone not retarded was elected . 
  kwejk taken over by leftist ? 
  huh , did n't visit this site few years , maybe there is a hope still in this nation . 
  go back to wykop please . 
  yeah exactly . 
  that 's really funny tbh . 
  i appreciate occasional sarcasm , 
  for some reason politician 's restaurant bill is scandal , but corporation ceos buying luxuries for money earned through worker exploiting is business as usual . 
  i really can not understand that . 
  well , of course i meant he was a leader of a party that did that . 
  sorry for that simplification if it was unclear . 
  of course you are sure . 
  you do n't need facts , right ? 
  because you know . 
  there were tapes only on nowak . 
  all others were just normal political talk . 
  there is a reason those tapes were proposed to many journals before and none took them , because they knew they were just a propaganda attack on government . 
  `` wprost '' was doing really bad on money so they took them to get their sales up . 
  they succeeded by making it look like some kind of scandal where there was none . 
  i hope that indeed he will get the position . 
  he did many good things in poland like finally built proper highways , made poland go through crisis without negative economic growth and rebuilt relations with germany and tried to do so with russia , after catastrophic 2 years of law and justice . 
  only downside is that without him civic platform might lose coherence , but others say it would be even better , because voters want to see new faces . 
  [ bonus : my favorite pic of donald tusk , dedicated to the opposition ] ( http://www.bogatyelblag.pl/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/zielona-wyspa.jpg ) edit : i mean of course as a leader of party that had done that , he was n't personally overseeing everything of course , haha , he is still behind glorius leader kim in that . 
  this shows that there was no scandal in the eyes of european politicians . 
  that was a scandal only for opposition which has nothing to propose beside stupid hate . 
  it is really funny that polish say they are least arrogant . 
  polish are very arrogant . 
  i heard only french are more arrogant . 
  sooo we just need to lure putin to some normandie cliffs ? 
  it 's not about food sanctions . 
  it 's about banking and oligarch sanctions . 
  they hurt russia , it is just they want to grab as much as possible before they make the pain too hard . 
   who made the ` shock therapies ' policies in all ex-eastern block ? 
  who tied the wb and imf aid to compliance with those policies ? 
  oh of course big bad west . 
  somehow asian tigers like south korea managed to improve their economy , poland also did , but poor russia can not make do . 
   not necessarily , if you have oil/gas money , then you can make taxes rates low for everyone and cover the holes in the budget with it . 
  haha yes . 
  in short term it 's ok . 
  in long term leads to stagnation . 
  you seriously want to build economy purely on resources ? 
  that 's recipe for disaster right there . 
  but thanks for showing me your arguments . 
  now i understand more , you basically think that somehow all of your bad things came from the west . 
  with this logic surely you will go nowhere . 
  you are maybe mixing cause and effect . 
  maybe they wo n't sell because your president is engaged in dick wagging contest .
