  you know thats bullshit since there were many other countries benefitting from those funds and still their economies crashed . 
  like greece which is 2nd beneficient of those funds ? 
   haha , saved , more like taken by force saved , you know that this kind of system of pensions ( ofe ) are almost totally absent or barely relevant in eu because they are considered very dangerous for both economy and pensioners ? 
  you know that the first country that introduced them was pinochet 's chile ? 
  and the system crashed ? 
  please , read up . 
   yes , we are very important . 
  ignored when it comes to the energy union , ignored when it comes to ukraine , non-decisiveness when it comes to safety from russia . 
  yes , that 's why tusk is president of eu , whether he has some powers or not it 's sign of our importance . 
  and safety issues are nato responsibility . 
  also we supported sanctions against russia and support maintaining them , i see they are still there . 
  but obviously you can cherry-pick failures and see what you want to see . 
  palikot has very free market views . 
  and korwin is conservative in social issues mostly . 
  so , no , opposite to duda is palikot . 
   they had 8 years of reign and did nothing . 
  we were only country that walked through crisis without recession . 
  retiree funds were saved from private companies and poland become important in eu . 
  i assume those things just happen themselves . 
   jesus fucking come on . 
  nothing will change . 
  i assume you are young and you dont remember 2005-2007 chaos . 
  no wonder he won so greatly among young voters who do n't remember those times . 
  haha i am impatiently waiting to see what is going to happen . 
  people have such a short memory and do n't remember why people disliked pis so much . 
  just you wait . 
  i suppose you meant braun , not krauze . 
  those guys are close to fascism . 
  people do n't appreciate predictability of politics until it 's lost . 
   i call bullshit on that , because both sld and tr would vote for these propositions . 
  and it would brake coalition and destabilize country . 
  you know very well what i mean when i say that i doubt he will be independent . 
  unfortunately many people believed and voted against him for this reason . 
  uhh , i guess you could say that . 
   i do not believe that fairy tales about impartial president . 
  you want to tell me lech kaczynski was independent from his brother , jaros\u0142aw ? 
  ok i guess you have right to hold this somewhat crazy opinion . 
   there was a lot of things they promised every campaign and after elections these things suddenly disappeared . 
  a lot of them because of their coalition partner . 
  and they did ease making small businesses just check any rating in that . 
  they did not deliver on all , that 's true of course . 
  your point being ? 
  my point was duda might not be independent . 
  i understand you support this ? 
  yeah cool he was n't catholic , he was religious and part of his ideology came from christianity . 
  i deleted comment since it was n't technically true . 
   po now is stagnant and got nothing new to offer they were doing what they were chosen for , eu integration , introducing capitalism , governing , making ties in world , yes they had no fireworks but i do n't see how exactly they are `` stagnant '' . 
   i fail to see how is this duda 's fault compared to komorowski . 
  komorowski signed anti-violation in family convention which duda would oppose and not sign . 
   duda has safe 5 years ( and support in 2020 is pretty much sure ) , unlike mp 's , which are party leader puppets under our proportional system of voting . 
  he pretty much can do anything . 
  uhh yeah just as his twin brother did , was super independent , oh wait ... 
  yeah , maybe more like cookiez, 
  they are literally opposites , lol . 
  ok i ask , why ? 
  komorowski had very little support from po , well , except funding of course . 
  some people say that 's why he lost . 
  but definitely some regrouping might happen . 
  i am pretty sure that he will be smart enough to not make any radical moves next few months . 
  unless po through parliament puts much pressure on him with some liberal bills , that 's not gon na happen . 
  they learned , they know how to put accents now . 
  no , because they would scare people off from duda . 
  yes , that 's mostly right . 
  i am pretty sure he will deliver on first three points . 
  fourth probably was just an additional selling point like in 2005 for his party . 
  i will just say all they did in this area was lower taxes for the richest . 
  what this means is regress or at least total stop to progress in any kind of social issue ( abortion , gay rights , etc. ), 
  despite who wins parliamentary elections since he will veto any bill that would go this way . 
  this also probably means going back to smolensk catastrophe version as assassination . 
  economically he was going with some slightly left-wing , social slogans , but so was his party in 2005 and they delivered on nothing , on the opposite they were kissing ass of big business as govs before so i am skeptical . 
  in terms of foreign policy he will probably be less pro-eu than previous president . 
  depending on how the autumn parliamentary elections will turn out it will be either chaos and blockage of foreign policy and legislation process ( if his party doesnt manage to get majority or coalition ) or some kind of lame orbanisation ( if they get majority/coalition ) . 
  edit : most important , i forgot . 
  his presidency will depend a lot on how much he will be dependent on his party leader , jaros\u0142aw kaczy\u0144ski . 
  the less the better . 
  some say that him winning might give occasion for the latter to retire from the politics as he would have found someone to cede leadership to . 
  this would definitely be turn for the better as duda appears to be less radical . 
  we will see . 
  actually before fall of communism there used to be held a song contest for eastern bloc : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/intervision_song_contest, 
  it 's called salami tactics , first they take a small slice , they get people used to it , then they occupy whole donbas ... oh wait , what we were talking about ? 
  every time someone says that in ukrainian conflict with russia we should remain neutral because it 's just west vs russia , and it 's all only fighting for enlarging their respective spheres of influence i simply reply that , well , it might be true , but still it is much better to be in western sphere for multitude of reasons , this graph picturing one of them . 
  and i have explicitly stated i have no idea if this particular bill would be good or bad for swiss , i just discussed idea of inheritance tax . 
  he is called fat cat , because it 's a name he used in his submission , i think it is only fair , no ? 
   wow you 're getting a lot of hate here ... 
  i would n't say he gets hate , there is just discussion and people disagree . 
  but it might help him in the long run if it is good for the country . 
  what i mean is that , you can imagine a situation that in the short run it hurts him , but in long run they avoid problems of wealth concentration that can cost far more . 
  this is just obviously an example , switzerland probably is far from that . 
  edit : really i get downvoted because i present hypothetical scenario in which it can backfire on him , that 's just silly . 
  there are numerous economical reasons for that and if you are interested you can find them in this thread also . 
  basically , it leads to concentration of wealth that is bad for economy . 
   if you believe , as he does , that this tax will destroy small businesses , then his interests and his countries interests are pretty much the same . 
  no , this is true only if benefits of having more family companies outweigh of potential benefits of having more money from tax . 
   switzerland would suffer if most small businesses owned by a single person or family had to close shop after the death of their owner . 
  maybe . 
  or maybe not . 
  but then again , i 'm not swiss , i do n't know how much they depend on family business and i 'm not saying it was a good law as it was written . 
  i 'm aware of that , that why i said i ca n't blame him , still it does n't make it good in my opinion . 
   it 's not a simple issue . 
  it definitely is n't but there are countries with inheritance taxes and it works , somehow .
