  oh really you think that campaign money are not reciprocated with certain actions from politicians when they are elected ? 
  so naive . 
  schroder working for gazprom is the peak of this . 
  yeah really you gon na try to water it down ? 
  do you honestly believe that su 's influence on let 's say malaysia was the same as on afghanistan ? 
  i rest my case . 
   why were czechoslovakia and east germany allowed to develop some better technologies than the ussr , but poland was not ? 
  first of all i have n't said they blocked development in all areas , but just the fact they did it in some chosen ones is terrible for development . 
  also maybe they did n't like poland . 
   why do you think that a non-soviet tajikistan would not be like their non-communist neighbours such as afghanistan or pakistan ? 
  or like iran , with which they share the language . 
  all countries you mentioned were hurt more or less directly by soviet union or us during cold war . 
  you want to know my opinion how the world would like without warmongering imperialism ? 
  i think it would be great . 
   but people from poor republics did have a better quality of life and more chances than before or after lolwat . 
  obviously when the war ended it was better for everyone . 
   tajikistan fell back into african-level poverty after 1991 maybe if for the previous 50 years they would be a sovereign state they would develop some industry instead of being forcefully dependent on russia . 
  did you know that russians forbid poland to develop some technologies because they were afraid they might surpass theirs ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's what was happening inside soviet union as well . 
   there 's no way russia profited in any direct way from the union with tajikistan . 
  yes , obviously , stalin was just a cool guy who wanted to take care of poor tajiks . 
  it does n't matter who was stronger in what way , russia was the only profiting from union . 
  uhh it 's ok , they imported many polish pilots * again * , soon their planes will follow . 
  it is a union that benefits only russia . 
  that 's why russians like soviet union - it was organised robbery of other countries by russia . 
   it is hard to believe in something written by people who drank too much wine and smoked herbal cigarettes why would they translate it to `` herbal cigarettes '' instead simply `` weed '' is beyond me . 
  i smell automatic translator . 
  yes so how do you call people who do not practice religion ? 
  atheist used to mean simply that but some people decided it has some other , more sophisticated meaning . 
  of course . 
  and since there is no data on that subject , no polls , we ca n't really prove anything . 
  the thing is effectively it does n't matter if you are agnostic or atheist or whatever - simply you do n't practice religion . 
  for some reason people want to put hundreds of different labels on that when religious people vary in their views about religion far more but it 's ok to put them into one category eg . 
  `` catholics '' . 
  there would be far bigger spectrum of views and practices among 100 randomly chosen catholics and 100 randomly chosen `` non-believers - atheists '', 
  i live there for few months now not my whole life . 
  also young people are not whole population . 
  i simply disagree with your assessment of situation . 
   wa\u0142\u0119sa is very divisive figure in poland . 
  i would n't say so really . 
   a lot of people suspect him of being communist agent put in there to control the transformation a lot ? 
  would n't say so . 
  yes , especially because australia was designed as prison , so it is only natural they should stay there . 
  but you have to give them that they traveled on their own expense there !, 
   hitler hoped this near-fantastic event might deter the british and the french from going to war with him over poland . 
  that did not happen , although stalin was not disappointed with that . 
  except that was exactly what happened : the declaration of war was merely on paper in the first months . 
  only because hitler moved west those nations engaged in some military conflict . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phoney_war well , of course one might argue at some point they would join the war even if not attacked . 
  maybe . 
  well so just for reference : https://www.facebook.com/mordornadomaniewskiej?fref=ts this is a facebook profile that started calling it mordor . 
  and taikonaut is chinese . 
  of course , it 's worth mentioning , but i do n't like when people say something along the lines of `` nazis were bad , but soviets even worse '' . 
  no , both were terrible . 
  unless you were a jew and they would kill you on the spot or drag to a concentration camp . 
  and considering at the time a lot of polish had jewish origin it was a reality for a lot of people . 
  sure , germans were more civilized but it 's not like they were better compared to soviets . 
  sooo even usa remotely suggests that eurozone is serving mainly germany to artificially lower euro 's value ? 
  and putting greece and other countries in deep recession actually helps them ? 
  am i understanding this correctly ? 
  `` great white belt of no results '' , check the whole map . 
   two out of three ( 67 % ) ** admitted ** to using offensive gestures so this is a self-report study ? 
  then the result will be for sure biased . 
  implying simply more work would balance the budget , you funny guy . 
   you 're saying corporations should have no rights , such as protection against expropriation ? 
  i do n't know what the other guy thinks , but if you think corporations do n't have enough rights as of now you must be living in parallel universe . 
   that you find it acceptable to discriminate against foreign companies purely for the fact that they are foreign is reprehensible . 
  wait , what ? 
  and why is that ? 
  do you honestly believe in `` capital has no nationality '' ? 
  which was proven to be false time and time again when mother companies siphon profits from daughter companies from less developed countries , when after the 2008 crisis countries with high foreign investments had biggest falls ? 
  last 20 years showed that without at least a little bit of protectionism you ca n't allow your companies to grow to be competitive even on home market with foreign megacorps . 
  asian countries rose from poverty , built they industry on those kind of policies , not on total free trade . 
  honestly i hope that you are just very naive in not seeing how corporations power overgrow that of governments with regulations like ttip . 
  and that , my dear , is a real threat to democracy - a new super-wealthy class whose power now not only is money but also law to support their exploitations of human workforce . 
  shortly stating , yes i believe government can fuck-up operations of any kind of investor if it thinks it 's for good of its citizens . 
  also  why the fuck would anyone invest here then ? 
  yes , obviously , nobody invested in china or russia , countries known for high level of corruption and `` we just gon na take this factory '' . 
  your points are so invalid and taken from the moon and i ca n't seriously you believe yourself when you treat megacorps as poor , exploited beings . 
   your talk of the power of the state being wielded use what makes your post one off both state absolutism , and tyranny of the majority . 
  of course , better than that is tyranny of minority , that is , `` gief moar powa to megacorps '' which you seem to promote , ignoring the fact that pendulum is shifted way , way too far in the liberal market side . 
  finally , simple question , do you honestly believe that corporations are persecuted and they are unable to conduct because they are exploited by workers ? 
  or maybe you are even more naive and you believe that somehow mega-corps goals align somehow with those of workers ( which was obviously disproved many times , first by marx , but i still need to ask ) ? 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/search?q=switzerland+laundering+money+nazis&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=relevance&amp;t=all obviously you are wrong , but who cares , i got downvoted to hell because you told them what they wanted to hear , i hope you are proud of yourself . 
  uhh this again ? 
  yes we all know poland was literally hitler . 
  i wonder why this is posted like every month while no one ever cares that switzerland laundered money for the nazis , but yeah whatever . 
  and what is that supposed to be ? 
  maybe because you actually do n't think ? 
  ahhh i get it ; it was april fool 's joke . 
  right ? 
  right guys ? 
  too bad it will drown because it 's actually subtle and somewhat believable . 
  this had potential but the execution is poor and blunt . 
   ben kenobi of the university of mos eisley , tatooine yeah , their references are out of control . 
  i think that 's the point of opinion forums , to ehmm , you know , post your opinions ? 
  vatican did n't vote , smooth . 
  or they just ca n't ? 
  what 's their status actually ? 
  it 's not political , montenegro fans are known for that behavior , few years ago similar thing happened to polish goalkeeper .
