  you can not ask for an example of such and when provided say `` oh thats old story '' . 
   about the personal data , it 's the same , if he did n't publish that , but just re-published or linked , he 's not guilty . 
  this is for court to decide . 
   they never promised to not make a coalition with these parties kaczynski did so , in a tv debate after tusk asked him about that and i will remember that . 
  it was back in 2005 . 
  if you do n't remember then maybe you are too young . 
   conspiracy rhetoric is dominating in media . 
  poland has succeeded in building capitalism , economic growth , and other more or less measurable things . 
  what poland fail to do is to develop a civic society built on trust . 
  people do n't trust each other , they do n't trust the government . 
  it 's the biggest issue at the moment in my opinion , alongside a lot of people working on trash contracts . 
   except that pis kept its promises the last time it was in the office . 
  nope , they promised more social nets , but they lowered taxes for the richest . 
  j. kaczynski promised that he wo n't be a prime minister if his brother would win presidency and he lied . 
  he promised no coalition with lpr and samoobrona and he did go in coalition with them . 
  that 's just from top of my head . 
   all they care about is to keep the power and bash the opposition yes , but they this is because `` if law and justice wins again , the investors are gon na flee '' ( one of the tapings ) . 
  so it 's not like you portray , they honestly believe that opposition winning would be an economical disaster . 
  it might not be true , but nevertheless they believe they do good for poland . 
   sounds like ( aside from saying it in a public place ) these guys are actually the kind of people that care about the country belka actually says also in this conversation something like `` i like this idea , because it is good for poland '' . 
  strangely this is never quoted . 
   and people are going to town on them for that ? 
  yup , someone is playing his cards very well in causing turmoil in poland and government after tusk leaving is really bad in pr department . 
   it 's highly doubtful if he broke the law . 
  he published personal data , contacts of many people , even if not illegal this is shitty thing to do , but people are happy because `` fuck the system '' . 
   why , if there 's nothing special there , as you and the gov sugessts ? 
  because it 's illegal . 
   why are they stuffing their mouths from public money in some exclusive restaurants ? 
  it is naive to believe any other politician would n't do that . 
  not that i condone obviously . 
  i totally agree , brexit would mean french would become offcial language of eu . 
  we ca n't let that happen , but just in case i started to learn . 
  title : `` nobel prize winner slammed as ` an unpleasant dolt ' who is ` thick as mince ' for saying women should be banned from labs because they cry when criticised '' bullet points : `` sr tim hunt said women either ` fall in love with you ' or cry when criticised '' actual words , from text : '' ` three things happen when they are in the lab : you fall in love with them , they fall in love with you , and when you criticise them they cry . ', 
  '' as much as this was stupid thing to say , they did good job editorializing to make him look even more terrible . 
  he probably meant this as a stupid male joke but media caught on and now he is `` victorian age chauvinist '' . 
  i know it 's not important , you know it 's not important . 
  still there was lots of fuss about that in media . 
   how politicians talk is not important and never was . 
  totally nobody made a big fuss about that . 
  yup . 
   one of the new issues is some kind of shady lobbying by kulczyk yeah , if it 's true i hope he will go down , and with him all the business elites that lobby against taxation of big fortunes and companies and finally building some proper country and social safety net . 
  or kukiz will win elections and then all hell 's gon na get loose . 
   they were in a position to demand that , because the egyptian government wanted a well run respectable firm to work there and those were the conditions of the firm to work there . 
  yes , i know that . 
  still i think giving this kind of deal to anyone is bad for everyone except veolia . 
  got ta love it , when tax criminal in his defense wages war on govermnent . 
   egyptian government signed a contract with veolia guaranteeing wage stability see it seems to like it 's all fine and dandy , but why would a company should be in a position to demand such thing in the first place ?!, 
  so all the other companies have to think forward and predict the instabilities but veolia promising big investment can force such an atrocious thing into contract . 
  yes , i know , nobody forced egypt to sign , cool . 
  still , i find it shitty . 
  sooo catalonia seems to be doing rather bad , they blame it on government in madrid ? 
  they think going independent would make things better ? 
  my french is too bad to read that but i do n't see such a thing in conclusions ? 
  common name for gypsies is similar to the one of romanians so some stupid people confuse them , that was just a joke about those people . 
  you mean romanians ? 
  maybe that 's kind of a naive question but here it goes : is there a chance that chp , mhp and hdp together would form a coalition majority government without akp ? 
  makurosss !!, 
  warsaw , cracow : ughh i guess you would reaaaally need to try hard to find place that would exceed 20 euros per person . 
  although i do n't know if those cities are `` significant '' for you . 
  in other news : 50 % of poles never saw a muslim . 
  also you could be surprised how many people confuse arabic culture with islam ( try explaining that persians are not arabs for example , really hard ) . 
   wait is this guy an mep ? 
  the article gives the impression that he is a polish mp in charge of polish eu affairs , a domestic politician . 
  yes , i was thinking about someone else , but yeah i admit i made mistake here . 
   however in this case it would be better from a pro-eu standpoint to keep out of it and let someone else make the same points . 
  why ? 
  this is my point , why poland cant speak up ? 
  your only criterium seems to be how much money a country puts to eu budget , which i showed already to be totally bogus and irrational . 
  yet you build your whole argumentation upon that fact . 
  i have nothing else to add . 
   you can also sell your shit here tariff free and guess what ? 
  we 're a much bigger market you miss the point . 
  poland 's industry will take a lot of time until it is competitive in eu . 
  it does n't work the way you picture it . 
  it is known that the bigger beneficient of free market will always be richer , more developed country . 
  that 's why china and other asian countries used a lot of protectionism . 
  different way was chosen in eu , there is free market but the beneficiaries of that payback some money and in this way everybody gains something . 
   this is the point i was making about poles overestimating their own importance to you saying `` we are equal partners '' sounds like overestimating importance ? 
   all i want is what i said originally , for the polish politicians to not lecture the british about money they are not polish politicians , they are european politicians since they speak on behalf of eu not poland . 
  and yes , they can school you all they want if they believe it is good for eu . 
   because as net benefactors they have far less legitimacy in that specific field than net contributors simply no , and i have stated why already few times . 
  you keep repeating this as mantra but i already rebuked that . 
   i love how poles think poland is the holy grail for the western eu countries never said that , i love how you try to put me in your thought frames that are simply untrue and stereotypical . 
   if poland and it 's ` developing market ' vanished into the ether tomorrow the rest of the eu would march on no problem at all . 
  cool , and your point being , concerning the eu contributions ? 
   in the long run we want poland to be wealthy and developed well now , look he is talking like * they * are the holy grail . 
   and when poland can pay its way it can sit at the big boy table and berate britain all it likes about money and i wo n't object at all but until then keep the condescending speeches to yourselves . 
  we do pay by having free market so you can sell your shit in poland without paying tolls . 
  it 's not direct transfer of money but access to the market itself is considered a valuable asset . 
  that you get for money you pay as `` eu contributions '' . 
  so , no it 's not like you give us free money , it 's a deal between countries . 
  and if people in uk do n't get that then no wonder they speak against eu so often , obviously you guys have no fucking idea how eu works and perceive yourself as kind lords that throw money to some eastern peasants . 
  look at yourself , or maybe you lack any distance ? 
   how about paying some money in first before you start lecturing net contributors on their obligations ? 
  you know that those eu `` contributions '' are merely a fraction of money that western countries gain from open market with developing markets like poland ? 
  the deal is that you pay for easy access to our undeveloped market . 
  next time i will hear this stupid argument i 'm not gon na bother explaining again , just gon na downvote . 
  this thread has been raided by pro-dudas . 
  every comment that doesnt praise our new dear leader is downvoted to oblivion . 
  bring all your downvotes , brave internet warriors , that will not change the fact that law and justice are scums that put social economy in their program but dont ever plan to deliver that , they follow church doctrine , they divided society by fueling propaganda that smolensk was assasination , also by casting accusations on others that they came from communist party ( while they themselves probably took more than one could imagine ) .
