  and his surname is just anglicized version of popular czech surname `` ku\u010dera '' . 
  also a lot of pornstars . 
  what 's the story behind your username , / u/idkfa _ cz ? 
  mine is just a name of my d&d ( dra\u010d\u00ed doup\u011b ) character , which sticked to me . 
  guys saying that it dilutes the taste : how long do you drink it ? 
  it 's a glass of soda . 
  perhaps it 's just my personal `` style '' , but i usually drink it in 5 minutes when 80 % of the ice is still solid . 
  you 'd need to wait over 40 minutes for a glass full of ice to melt . 
  it 's not easy . 
  first you need to actually cross the border ( of eu ) , which is quite a difficult journey on its own ( depending on where you come from ) . 
  then once the person gets inside , they can claim they 're a syrian refugee . 
  they will be moved into a refugee camp ( read `` prison '' ) . 
  the asylum-seeking process takes over half a year and includes many interviews and thorough investigation and unless the person is really a refugee escaping from war , they will be rejected and deported . 
  although i 'm not sure how the last part works in practice . 
  well i 'm not a human resource expert , so i do n't know either . 
  it would be helpful though , as bad teachers means badly educated population . 
  beside what ludvigpolje said , teachers are very badly paid , so the teaching career is often chosen only by students who are n't `` good enough '' to do anything else , which in turn decreases the quality of teaching schools . 
  it 's a cycle . 
  because it 's an easy career , a good number of people choose it , so there 's a `` supply '' of teachers , so the government does n't have a very strong incentive to raise their salary . 
  i 'd assume it would be the time under austrian rule ( starting 1526 ) , but before the revolutions of 1848 . 
  but i 'm just guessing that because i do n't remember much about it from history lessons . 
  definitely not a teacher . 
  contrary to other countries , teachers in czechia are being shit on really bad . 
  itt : people discussion quotas , not answering the question . 
  one thing is if the quotas were a good idea . 
  that should have been discussed before . 
  it was democratically voted for , so now the countries should abide by the vote . 
  that 's how democracy work , you ca n't just cherry-pick to obey the resolution that you like . 
  not to mention that czechia accepted freaking 12 refugees out of those 2500 that we were bound to receive . 
  i know i 'm not answering your question exactly , but let me say a few words about czechia/slovakia . 
  although we do n't speak the same language , it 's really really similar . 
  however , even though we used to be the same country for tens of years , we 're actually quite different culturally . 
  it 's not that easy for me to describe as i 'm not an anthropologist , but it could be summed up the fact that we , czechs , share a lot of our culture with the germans whereas slovaks share a lot of their culture with hungarians . 
  the simplest example that comes to mind is the cuisine . 
  czech cuisine is very similar to german cuisine ( including our love for beer ) . 
  yep , i was part of the research myself . 
   ultra-progressive when there 's so much progress you need an `` ultra - '' prefix to describe it well . 
  humans also lose some of their survival instincts . 
  it 's very minor , but infected people more often end in car crash , because they lack the quick reflexes to jump away ( just like the mice and rats do when they are hunted by a cat ) . 
  i do n't know , czechs are pretty cynical . 
  i do n't really mind if someone insults my country ( but that 's perhaps because i do n't like it very much either ) . 
  what do other czechs here think ? 
  of course i know that . 
  it 's just that when i was younger i thought portugal might be like france and i was surprised when i learned it is n't . 
  it kind of surprised me recently when i learned that portugal is in fact somewhat poor country . 
  i thought it might be like italy , but it 's closer to greece . 
  that 's a huge pity :( i suppose i would expect it to be richer , as it 's so much to the west . 
  once i wore a t-shirt from an american university and i was mistaken for an american . 
  that makes me proud of my english . 
  interesting . 
  the gluten-hate has n't hit czechia yet as far as i know . 
  hmm , this is an interesting cultural difference across europe . 
  out of all my friends , relatives and acquaintances only one family has it . 
  sometimes i miss it because i like to try different recipes and it 's required quite often . 
  [ this ] ( https://9gag.com/gag/a5bz9vg/presidential-election-in-czech-republic-2013 ) ( 9gag link ) is 100 % true , so i would say they do . 
  and the tatooed guy ( vladim\u00edr franz ) got 6.84 % in the first round ( 5th position ) . 
  one of the things i do n't like about my country is that there are very few immigrants . 
  i 've never met any filipino before and most of my friends and relatives neither , so i ca n't really say what is czechs ' opinion on them . 
  however , you share our flag shape and colors . 
  there are n't many other countries like that . 
  gypsy is more of a life style . 
  there are even ethnically irish [ gypsies ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_travellers ) . 
  the same way you make jokes about donald trump , north korea , `` freedom of press '' in russia or turkey , communism in soviet union . 
  russians and turks would make jokes about their political situation , but italians would n't joke about mafia . 
  it 's a religion . 
  you ca n't take it all literally . 
  especially something like `` cleanliness '' . 
   right now current situation suits both sides you know , except common palestinians . 
  maybe not as much as in the us , but she is . 
  interesting fact : the mafia in southern italy ( especially napoli and sicily ) is quite powerful and quite active . 
  and what you might not expect is that it 's really sensitive topic for the italians . 
  they do n't joke about it and if you joke about if in front of them , it 's very insensitive and socially not acceptable . 
  so be careful . 
  i think it 's a huge pro-immigration argument . 
  i do n't care very much about the culture though . 
  those are some interesting stereotypes you 've got there . 
  nothing about german engineering , french cuisine ? 
  i would say most europeans do n't care . 
  we have our own casinos . 
  and who goes to casinos these days anymore ? 
  not to mention that we can gamble/get drunk almost anywhere in europe anyway . 
  i do n't know about norway . 
  i 've read some news about island that they want to join . 
  switzerland probably does n't want , so i can imagine that they will never join the eu . 
  there 's so many little venices in europe ... 
  true . 
  maybe then i would n't be such a single loser . 
  hint : i only address women by m ` lady . 
  well , nasa is governmental , it works for us government . 
  coursera is private and hosts courses from many non-american universities too . 
  do we need something like that ? 
  i think coursera/edx works just fine even though it 's non-european ... edit : typo, 
  good point . 
  however , if you compare to things like traffic accidents , nobody includes injuries there either . 
  this . 
  especially if you travel between countries with different traffic laws . 
  they drive on the left in the uk , so watch out !, 
  i am not sure what exactly they mean by `` regulated '' , but i think it 's not as bad as most people think . 
  think about this : hundreds of terrorist attacks have been stopped by the intelligence agencies . 
  and yes , probably mostly by reading the ( potential ) terrorists ' emails and facebook messages .
