  this might be an unpopular opinion , but i think that 's worth it . 
  well , i do n't think it 's the best solution but it 's better than having soldiers patrol the streets or expelling all muslims or whatever other solution the alt-right offers . 
  not at all . 
  i hardly remember what the coat of arms of my region ( al capital ) looks like . 
  i think perhaps a few towns with interesting history use their coats of arms a little bit more than others , but you would hardly see it anywhere in my country . 
  obviously , english is mandatory since like 8 or 9 years . 
  after that students can often choose between 2 or 3 of other languages . 
  most popular are german , french and spanish . 
  somewhere they even study russian or latin . 
  yeah , but what do you know ... people are stupid . 
  it would be a funny discussion though : `` hey john , what are you doing here in slovakia ? '', 
  `` you know , i fled the uk because i was afraid of terrorists attacks . '', 
  maybe it actually does the opposite . 
  if a pedophile satisfies his urges over hentai loli manga , he 's less likely to go out and molest somebody . 
  hmm , in my country , it 's seen a little bit more serious than just a phase of edgy teens . 
  at least in connection squatting . 
  there are a few squat buildings in prague and it 's like a real political issue . 
  i thought lithuania was considered eastern europe, 
  you 're ok with spain and we 're not good enough for you ? 
  privileged westerner ... / s by the way , i also feel like my country 's politicians only care about the money we ( as a country ) receive from the eu , nothing else . 
  i love spicy food . 
  but once i ordered a food in an indian restaurant that had a rating of 2 hot peppers out of 7 hot peppers and altogether i was able to eat about two spoons of that . 
  so , i prefer to be cautious . 
  another point ( beside to what as already said ) is that you ca n't just push a button and suddenly spend 2 % on defense . 
  i 'm no expert on defense , but suddenly increasing the spending is n't as easy as it sounds . 
  it needs a lot of re-structuring . 
  i 've heard some news that we 're missing manpower in my country ( it 's hard to increase budget when there are n't soldiers ) . 
  also maybe last year we increased our budget for defense , but the army did n't spend it ( they did n't probably did n't know what to spend it on and they did n't want to waste ) . 
  yes , and i secretly hope that he continues doing stupid shit , so that it fuels european unity even more . 
  though i honestly hope he does n't start a war or something . 
  just write more typos and ruin america 's economy . 
   middle east . 
  that means people from bulgaria moving to turkey , lebanon , egypt , iran , saudi arabia . . ? 
   houses , cars , gasoline etc. 
  are a lot cheaper over there . 
  i wish i could also say that about germany . 
  all those students who always talk about moving abroad is n't a thing ? 
  that 's just my social circle ? 
  hmm , i would n't think many germans would move to singapore ... 
  hmm , i thought that my parliament representatives were not supposed to represent my district . 
  they are mps , they vote on national laws , there are supposed to represent the political party they 're from and its opinions and views . 
  if i want to represent my district , i vote in my regional elections and the `` president of the region '' ( my poor translation ) will talk with the national government to press my region 's issues ( those that the regional council ca n't solve on their own ) . 
  i think hamburg is pretty far for a weekend trip . 
  not at all . 
  i do n't know anyone with that name except for a video game character . 
  i 'm now at erasmus study programme . 
  i 've been here since january and i leave on june 15 . 
  best timing possible ... / s, 
   europe has always put humanity first . 
  you literally said a few lines before that most of world would love to see the usa starve and struggle ... ? 
  i 'm pretty certain that it 's happening and that it 's caused by humans . 
  even though it might be tricky to find a certain causality , it can be seen that the climate has abruptly changed in the last several hundred years . 
  much more than it has changed in past thousands of years . 
  hmm , why might that be ? 
  it 's a very significant correlation between that and human activity . 
  however what i 'm perhaps a little skeptical about is how to fight it . 
  i 'm not sure if there are reliable data on what human activity contributes how much to it . 
  i 'm worried that the course of action recommended by environmentalist might not be by far the most efficient one . 
  baguette is also a beautiful name, 
  i like to name my son aaron because it 's always at the top when sorted alphabetically . 
  this may be a stupid question , but even if catalonia separates from spain , its border with france ( and andorra ) will still remain the same , would n't it ? 
  unless they grab a chunk of land from france too . 
  i 'm no expert , but it would probably be just a few tens/hundred meters wide , which would n't change the nature around that much ( in comparison to , say , a highway ) . 
  there can be several dams on it to compensate for the water level difference . 
  that brings up a ( potentially stupid ) question : the sami ethnicity is n't seeking any kind of independence ? 
  perhaps they would take a chunk of northern norway , sweden and finland and create their samiland ? 
  was there ever some country like that in history ? 
  good question . 
  for me personally the line is very very far as i would prefer european unity in almost all ways possible . 
  perhaps some laws should be different as they suit each culture differently . 
  that does n't apply for taxes or driving laws , but perhaps laws concerning drinking or smoking or generally the everyday life of citizens . 
  i 'm very supportive of european unity , so i 'm eager to see what other people write . 
  change my view !, 
  tell me what would be better un-united !, 
  it 's a pity you 're not a statistician , because you definitely caught my attention and it would be awesome if you ( or anyone else ) could elaborate on that even more . 
  and they 're pretty cheap too, 
  my humble guess might be something that 's been the same for a long time , i.e. 
  france/spain , but i have no idea really . 
  yeah , but is n't that completely in asia ? 
  you think that the uk will annex ireland again ? 
  edit : / s ( sorry , i am new to reddit ), 
  and the uk is n't a republic . 
  yeah , i thought that because your economy is doing well , the rest of germany is pulling you down . 
  we have quite a mega project being `` planned '' . 
  a water canal connecting the rivers elbe , danube and oder . 
  it 's considered not to be worth it , so it probably wo n't be realized , but our ( crazy ) president is supporting it . 
  not sure if this means that cannabis is as safe as alcohol or alcohol is as dangerous as cannabis . 
   we do n't really learn about the pre-colonial history of this country ( i.e. 
  native american stuff ) perhaps because it 's not very well recorded ( if at all ) . 
  anyway , i feel like we 're learning too much about our own country and about ancient history ( greece , egypt , rome ) . 
  yes , now that i 'm writing it , i realize that we spend soooo much time on ancient history in history classes . 
  we learn extremely little about medieval and modern history of anything outside of europe ( latin america , middle east , africa , even russia ) . 
  also i would welcome if we would use maps with borders to get an idea where the countries , which we 're talking about , actually are . 
  ok , that 's not as many years as i thought . 
  i remembered this as a fun fact from a presentation about french history that i attended a few weeks ago . 
  the current flag was obtained when the white inserted in the middle of the [ flag of paris ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_paris ) . 
  i thought that started earlier . 
  you know , french flag used to be literally white flag for many years . 
  if only democracy worked in other countries at least half as well as it works in switzerland ... 
  with all due respect i think the situation in eastern europe was n't nearly as shitty as it is in venezuela .
