fake as fat, 
  not paying bills . 
  i wonder how it feels like to you know that you 've rejected harry potter, 
  as a romanian , being called a gipsy . 
  no srsly . 
  i m in a foreign country and sometimes people do this and is bad . 
  like bad . 
  my happiness, 
  pls gold ? 
  is this romania ? 
  superb . 
  bravo, 
  i dont feel bad for him but i always think how is to be alive and then in the next second just dead and that 's it . 
  sorry mate but that would be madness . 
  best of luck tho, 
  man , it 's a shame that i cant feel for hungary . 
  i still hope they will lose and not qualify but deep in my heart i hope they will make it just because this type of stories are awesome . 
  ( i still would not mind seeing them defeated . ), 
  sorry but cant help myself . 
  fuck you . 
  ( some people will understand ), 
  do it , man !, 
  i ve been adopted when i was 1 and i cant thank enough my parents . 
  instead of living a nighmare in a foster care ( idk how is it in other countries but in mine is really bad ) i had the chance to be loved and now i am studying in the uk . 
  so please do it . 
  make a life better . 
  i promise i will do it when i will have my own family . 
  the salt of the earth . 
  superb , atat am de zis, 
  i go into another dimension where i survived , kill the other me and live there, 
  i had i dream where i went to sleep and it was the best sleep in my life . 
  having to tip at every restaurant . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  i will tip only if i really liked the service or i am hammered . 
  steal from open market at 10 , drunk a fall asleep on the street at 11 and stealing money at 11 . 
  reliable, 
  mate , let me tell my story . 
  i m quite a fat person who has a neckbeard and doesnt care about clothes at all . 
  every weekend i ve been to a party for more than 2 years and i m still going when i have time ( i m a student and i have to work now because of rent and bills ) . 
  went to music festivals , traveld as much as i could and meet lots of people . 
  it s not about how you look but how you act . 
  guns dont kill people , ha ha, 
  i kill people , with guns, 
  id fuck the asian girl tho, 
  what about her fat ? 
  amen to that . 
  i come from quite a poor eastern european country and nobody has time or imagination to get offended by these kind of things . 
  it amazes me when i think about the fact that some poeple dont have anything better to do than this kind of things . 
  ielts . 
  ( nu are gramatica ) . 
  moonlight won and they still complain . 
  can someone explain to me what 's the thing with playing home ? 
  why you play better home than away ? 
  never fully understood this, 
  cheers for the answer guys . 
  now it makes more sense, 
  amazing . 
  cant wait to visit india one day, 
  you know what bothers me the most ? 
  i m from easter europe , a lretty bad country to be more precise and because life is hard for almost everyone people dont think about racism or feminism or other isms . 
  i believe that only people that have a more than a decent life have enough time to think about all this stuff, 
  and people were making fun of birdemic, 
  you know what i never understand ? 
  these kind of people neve have someone from their cours on facebook . 
  somebody who s been there and simply call him a fraud ? 
  northernlion ? 
  why do i find this really sad ? 
  barbari, 
  that 's why i drink tap water, 
  imagine being good at both football and ufc . 
  what a man, 
  dude that s romania right there . 
  jesus i m so ashamed, 
  who 's laughing now ? 
  tikka masala is actually a scottish dish, 
  3-0 momentan . 
  i was in a hospital for two weeks when i was 13 . 
  in the night i got there a youg girl came from an accident almost fully paralized . 
  i will never in my life forget her facial expression and her parents facial expression . 
  i am 21 now and i almost start crying only by just thinking about it . 
  that 's a great ass tho, 
  considering her face maybe her parents were related too, 
  i honestly saw it on facebook today, 
  what do you guys think of maxim ? 
  no , i am not confused, 
  dude , cat beleive that soros is a scapegoat in every east european country . 
  is there a subreddit for these kinds of gifs ? 
  would be amazimg, 
  angel maria villan *, 
  well i am living in uk and never actually gave a tip . 
  i dont mean to be a dick but the delivery guys earns as much as i do per hour and i get 0 tips so there 's that . 
  ( also i can be a total cunt and say that my job is harder ), 
  i get i really and working in a kitchen and seeing how floor staff split tips betweem them and we get nothing more than the salary made me feel pretty bad and tips and things like this in general . 
  dont get me wrong i dont have anything with people that tip but for example in the usa you have to tip at the restaurant and that pisses me off more than anything really, 
  what cat breed is this ? 
  cheers mate, 
  what do you guys think of tataruseanu ? 
  so happy to hear that . 
  cheers, 
  what do you expect ?
