people are very conflicted about this . 
  i understand why . 
  i may not agree , but i understand why . 
  and opinions , even substantiated and grounded ( well , at least imo ) ones are n't always welcomed . 
  i usually lurk / r/europe but felt that given the comments in here was worth at least trying to open dialog about it . 
  as a citizen of the us , i did n't give thought into how europeans felt about it and i 'm sure as citizens of european countries they probably have n't given thought into how us citizens feel about it . 
  i was just trying to bring in what i felt was a rational discussion to what is usually a heated and quickly devolving debate . 
  it certainly was n't a decision that my wife and i took lightly . 
   reddit is helping me understand so many perspectives on a variety of topics that i now never assume that someone is wrong , i try to question my own views based on the evidence i can get . 
  this is what spurred the topic to me and most of the reason why i came on here relaying my experience . 
  i did want grounded opinions and to engage those willing to engage in a rational debate about it as there are cultural differences . 
  i get why europeans would instantly think it 's a religious practice as that does seem to be the source of why circumcisions are done in europe . 
  but , if you 're not just blindly following a religion in the us and you 're having a child , the topic will come up . 
  and when it does , it 's really difficult to ignore [ q&a s like this ] ( http://www.childrenshospital.org/health-topics/thriving/2014/april-2014/04-16-2014-shoud-i-have-my-baby-circumcised ) . 
  top medical school graduate and head of one of the nations best childrens hospitals urology dept. 
  he is n't saying a firm `` yes '' but if you consider that and the aap stance ... 
  i hope it 's at least understandable and is n't just a `` we did it because religion '' . 
  complication : the article you linked is from 2006 ... a clear 6 years before the dataset that was cited by harvard medical school , aap and others as pointing to medical benefits as linked in the npr article that i posted . 
  the guy quoted in npr has always taken a pro-circumcision stance . 
  only recently ( i.e. 
  the last 2 years ) has information been released and the aap took a stance that was n't advocating so much as touting the benefits outweighing the negatives . 
  again , i 'm not arguing for it . 
  i am simply hoping to show that if an american * only * pays attention to medical sources and not cnn and suzy down the street ... the choice is not clear at all . 
  it 's not just `` mindless religious butchery '' . 
  and , of course , being circumcised myself was part of the process as i honestly do n't feel butchered in the least . 
  if i was not circumcised to begin with , i 'm sure my overall opinion might have been different . 
  that is where a large amount of emphasis is placed on the individual ob performing the procedure . 
  we did have comments by attending nurses and our pediatrician that it seemed to be very well done . 
  this could explain his lack of being upset or , conversely , p&t could simply be using the worst video they could get to sway opinions . 
  again , we avoided stuff like p&t 's opinions as , well , they 're not medical professionals . 
  nope . 
  minor local anesthetics were used , iirc . 
  he definitely was n't put under . 
  i was n't allowed in the immediate room but i did follow the ob out to the room and stood just off to the side . 
  walked back to our hospital room with him . 
  i 'm not exaggerating , baby did n't care at all . 
  he was more pissed about being a bit hungry than he was the circumcision . 
  no bleeding . 
  we applied a petroleum jelly to it for ~ 3-4 days and it was mostly healed up by then . 
  totally healed by 5 days which is normal . 
  this is where a lot of emphasis is placed on the ob . 
  we had a very good ob and the procedure was very smooth . 
  if our ob was drunk or careless , we could very easily be in a different position . 
  [ this article ] ( http://www.npr.org/blogs/health/2012/08/27/159955340/pediatricians-decide-boys-are-better-off-circumcised-than-not ) does a good job summarizing everything . 
  though this is n't a direct medical source , it does cite the basics that we did our research on . 
  just about any and all medical advice we found advocated it or at least echo 'd the benefits . 
  some of the critics of it were also groups that criticized medical immunizations and other modern medical techniques . 
  long story short , as the article states , from ~ 1999-2012 the aap did not have a stance on circumcision . 
  the aap simply said `` do it if you want based on cultural applications '' . 
  so the rate of circumcision in the us dropped steadily . 
  then , in 2012 , after a compendium of data on health benefits and drawbacks had been reviewed , the aap and medical personnel in the us generally took a pro-circumcision stance . 
  see where this is going ? 
  at least here in the us , when you 're trying to make the decision , you have academic and medical sources citing benefits . 
  and when we asked our ob and pediatrician about long-term benefits of the foreskin ( outside of any mutilation talking points ) they did n't cite any as long as the procedure was not botched . 
  which , of course , we had total faith in our ob to do it well and she did . 
  so it was basically a decision that boiled down to : medical benefits of removal versus any medical benefits to keeping it on . 
  it was a difficult decision that we made and we 've rethought it . 
  i stated elsewhere that there was a regret due to the almost vitriolic responses people have given . 
  i do n't think i mutilated my child but i can also see how it could be seen that way from people where it 's not a common practice and is especially given a poor light due to circumcision being a religious practice . 
  so in the end , we made the best decision we could make having placed a great amount of faith in the medical community in the us . 
  had my wife and i had our children in 2010 , based on medical information available we likely would not have circumcised . 
  this was purely a medical decision and , again , the short-term drawbacks ( i.e. 
  any pain for the child ) was extremely minimal . 
  edit : and i do appreciate the way you phrased your response . 
  you 're not deriding while also giving your firm stance but you 're also querying for my rationality on my decision . 
  i appreciate you attempting to carry out an actual debate where drastically different cultural perspectives are clashing on a very sensitive subject . 
   a quick look on wikipedia not a scholarly source . 
  i 'm not * defending * a position . 
  i 'm only shedding light that , in the us , it 's not a clear-cut `` cultural decision '' . 
  there is a compendium of us academic sourced medical advice that is saying circumcision has definite benefits and this makes the decision difficult and here in the us it 's not all based on a rabbi or a priest saying `` god wants you to do this '' . 
  cool , thanks for the feedback . 
  i 'm only weighing in because i just went through this whole ordeal over the last 3 months ( baby is now 2 months old ) . 
  my wife and i only considered medical advice . 
  medical benefits , potential issues , etc. 
  i 'm circumcised ( both parents are ardently non-religious and made their decision more on what was culturally normal at the time ) and i have never felt at any point that i was mutilated nor have i ever felt bitter towards my parents . 
  anyway . 
  so we only considered medical journals and scholarly articles . 
  all of the ones we sourced were stating that the benefits outweigh the negatives . 
  our ob reiterated the same findings as did our pediatrician . 
  my wife and i , as is our ob and our pediatrician are all non-religious . 
  everything we found , again , non-religious , also supported the procedure . 
  so we had it done . 
  son was in no pain at any point and healed fully within 5 days . 
  i did n't really think about it until i was reading about breastmilk and came across the shitshow that is debate about circumcision . 
  i had n't really thought about how it is approached in europe or other places . 
  at this point , my wife and i kinda regret our decision . 
  it seems most people just do n't have a `` well , it is what it is '' but instead if you 're cut then your parents are mutilating barbarians ? 
  i levied my opinions in another thread on this , thought i 'd do the same here . 
  my wife and i just had a son . 
  he 's 2 months old now . 
  we agreed that we would n't consider * anything * cultural when making a decision . 
  we would only follow grounded medical advice . 
  we would n't take what x country is doing or what y culture dictates we should do . 
  we 'd only look at the medical evidence available . 
  2 months later , i regret this . 
  i wish i had looked into more information on the subject . 
  we took at `` well , i 'm cut and the current medical advice is supporting it '' . 
  though , in fairness , i 'm cut and i do n't feel i was mutilated . 
  our son healed up in 5 days and even during the procedure and subsequent healing process he was n't in any pain . 
  i did n't feel i made a drastic mistake as we made one removed from cultural/religious pressures and only grounded on medical advice as available ... until one day i was reading in on the advantages of breastmilk ( another huge issue ) and came across opinion pieces .
