   so we can check if the certificate has been replaced . 
  if it did and you somehow accepted it or , you know , they got some trusted ca to sign a certificate for *.wikipedia.org . 
  in the home country of [ t\u00fcrktrust ] ( https://blog.mozilla.org/security/2013/01/03/revoking-trust-in-two-turktrust-certficates/ ) this should n't come as a surprise . 
   going to roll into paris like the last time ? 
  : in that scenario it 'll be vichy though . 
   except you ca n't actually prove christian doctrine is wrong . 
  it 's internally consistent want some more of that sweet ~ ~ red wine ~ ~ god 's blood ? 
   which is why the german term ` gesunder menschenverstand ' is superior . 
  it 's also a passive-aggressive slur casting doubt on the mental health of those who one disagrees with . 
  `` common sense '' is more neutral in that regard . 
   i can enter it : / please go to [ the secure version ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkey ) and inspect the certificate in your browser . 
  please post the sha256 fingerprint of that certificate . 
  or just run this if you have the openssl tools installed : $ openssl s_client - connect en.wikipedia.org :443 < < < '' 2  / dev/null | openssl x509 - sha256 - fingerprint - noout, 
   secondly german unemployment statistics are certainly not leaving out receivers of h4 . 
  it 's not about whether they 're being left out , but whether they count towards the working or unemployed . 
  [ this year 's winner !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqobjtgrkaa ), 
   pouring a pile of sugar on a pensioners pancakes irresponsible . 
  is he trying to encumber public healthcare with more diabetics . 
  a new tax to collect funds for pushing automation of everything on a grand scale ? 
  that 's an idea i can get behind . 
  if there 's a piece of infrastructure we need more of , it 's robots . 
  now that i 've made my point based on the headline i 'll go ahead and read the promising article . 
  if you have n't been there already , your next visit should include a trip by train between vienna and graz . 
  part of the track is still the historical [ semmering railway ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/semmering_railway ) that slowly follows the slopes uphill till it reaches the pass at an altitude of 900 m , then descends again ever so gently . 
  i had the luck to do the trip in january and found the landscape to be absolutely breathtaking . 
   works as a senior engineer for a telecommunication company in cambridge , uk where he has been living since 2015 . 
  [ ... ] has been living in lithuania for 12 years never heard of them but from the description i expect them to be staunch immigration supporters . 
  everything else would completely undermine their credibility . 
   heh public agencies . 
  hmmm ... lunch time on a friday ... feierabend . 
  do n't forget tuesdays and thursdays . 
  it were n't public if they opened for more than two full days a week . 
   there are doctors open for emergencys on sundays . 
  i really do n't want to fake an emergency to get a tooth fixed . 
    want at least to spend the useless day working so you can take a more useful one off -- there 's a law preventing that . 
    work on sundays to have another useless day off ? 
  * sunday * is the useless day . 
   people are usually able to exist outside of their work and able to enjoy time off . 
  i 'm no different . 
  i just enjoy non-sundays infinitely more than sundays . 
   you 're nuts . 
  you keep repeating that . 
  if the strongest argument you can make is to declare mentally ill everyone who disagrees with you , then i guess my point 's already been made . 
   you work 8-20/21 / 22/24 every day ? 
  that doesnt sound legal at all i do n't . 
  do n't pretend like shops are open till midnight everywhere . 
  or that all time after work is always available . 
   why on earth would you ban sunday trade ? 
  some flavor of intolerance is always in fashion somewhere . 
   the 7 day week is one of the most genius achievements of mankind . 
  we can thank the jews for inventing it thousands of years ago . 
  romans had an 8-day week ( call `` 9 days '' but i digress ) and it worked just fine . 
  the nasty forced day off introduced by the abrahamitic religions ( who of course disagree among themselves about which day gets the blessing ) is independent of the actual week rhythm and , as usual , mainly directed against people whose life does n't exactly match the sanctioned pattern . 
   studies have shown that by working less you can drastically reduce the amount of illnesses that workers have , while increasing efficiency and quality of work . 
  the break is what makes happier and healthier people . 
  do n't make this about working less . 
  everyone agrees with that but it 's beside the point . 
  restricting people 's options on their day off and disallowing choice in the matter only decreases overall happiness . 
  you do n't cure stress induced afflictions by drastically reducing the value of `` free '' time . 
   they should be able to focus all their attention on their studies to become the best they can which usually involves working on sundays too as long as libraries are open . 
   your comfort will have to come second to workers collective rights . 
  so it boils down to some kind of bullying that 's sanctioned by virtue of having majority support . 
   `` willing to work on sunday '' is often code word for `` desperate for money so will do anything offered '' . 
  for some ( theaters , fire fighters , nurses ) it 's part of the job description . 
  nothing to do with despair . 
  for others , it 's a conscious decision : personally i 'm more productive on a quiet day and also do n't have much use for a day off that i basically have to waste doing nothing . 
  there 's so many reasons why sunday laws should be done away with . 
   you 're nuts . 
  nobody needs to shop on the weekend . 
  if you have stay at home wife to do it for you , sure . 
  but those of use who have to work during the normal opening hours and do n't have family to enslave just have to use their time more efficiently . 
   do you only have a day off by spending money and consuming ? 
  i have two days off and prefer to spend the first one on activity and rest the second one . 
  with everything closed on sundays , this is n't an option since i have to get the shopping done on crowded saturdays . 
   since i worked 9-5 and did not have a hausfrau to do the shopping , this was pretty-to-extremely inconvenient ... especially given that i liked to go out on friday and sleep in on saturday . 
  regarding shopping things have improved significantly in the course of the last say two decades . 
  however , other services ( medical , public agencies , transportation ) are still severely limited so for the average working person they 're mostly available only during lunch break . 
   the thing is that pretty much everyone has a free day on sundays . 
  want to plan something with your friends ? 
  you can be sure that they have sundays off . 
  want to organize a family event ? 
  sunday is the day where you can expect most people to be free . 
  want to go to the doctor ? 
  too bad , she 's not available . 
  want to do menial stuff like shopping -- sorry , no can do . 
  want at least to spend the useless day working so you can take a more useful one off -- there 's a law preventing that . 
  if you really wanted to improve things for everyone , just make them legally entitled to pick whatever two free days a week that they please . 
  forcing everyone to adhere to some ancient religious bullshit week cycle only makes life less convenient for everyone . 
   i 'm still not sure if it makes life better by making sunday more restful , or if it makes life worse by turning the rest of the week into a shopping scramble . 
  definitely worse as it devalues the weekend . 
  saturday would be the perfect day for activity , leaving sunday as the rest day for low-intensity stuff like shopping . 
  with everything closed on sundays , you need to get the shopping and everything else commercial done on saturday . 
  spending the otherwise useless sundays means less productivity on mondays since they 're now the compulsory rest day . 
  not to mention that the choice of activities is reduced drastically , making sunday the ultimate low point of the entire week . 
  except maybe for those whose life does n't reach beyond watching tv . 
  edit at university , our department 's library used to open sundays . 
  it was the most productive day of the week . 
  i scheduled my classes so as to leave tuesdays or wednesdays free , so i could use them for stuff like dentist appointments and shopping groceries . 
  flexibility is a great thing .
