  referencing internet repositories of studies is common in academia . 
  it 's not . 
  give doi or a full citation * referencing the exact page * where the cited claim is on . 
  without that it 's worth nothing . 
  also , despite citation standards varying greatly between disciplines , there 's not a single one that would take a link to some book as valid reference . 
  btw . 
  the common practice is to * cite the part you are referring to * . 
  just pull out the part that explicitly states the correlation you 're defending and paste it here in full . 
  since you chose not to do that and instead prefer to derail the discussion , there 's no point in continuing . 
   frankly , your argument is about as acceptable in academia as `` dog ate my homework '' . 
  ad hominem , analogy , fake indignation . 
  you certainly know your way around arguments . 
    as a source , this amounts to junk . 
    be sure to try this excuse on your university professor . 
  would n't have had to . 
  a url does n't even fulfil the mininum standards for a correct citation . 
  besides , i stand by the claim that a non-searchable document which from the metadata and summary seems to be at best tangentially related to the thread is adequately labeled * junk * . 
   the current proposed funding is 200 million for 3 years . 
  incorrect . 
  the 200 m $ was the proposed * increase * that the slovak presidency proposed to halve . 
  the actual budget is just short of 15 g $ for the years 2014 to 2020 . http://www.eu2016.sk/en/press-releases/presidency-reaction-to-false-reports-on-erasmus, 
  can confirm from personal experience : collecting a number of ects points was compulsory despite the fact that i was in a pre-bologna degree ... 
   it does n't compare against international students which did n't take advantage of erasmus - from anecdotal experience these students were smarter and more hard-working in every single case . 
  depends on the country really . 
  some of them seem to just give away erasmus places to anyone and the stipend is decent . 
  others like germany have students intensely competing for a small number of places and the money often does n't suffice to pay for a dorm room . 
  ( the latter does compensate by the usual student subsidy so money 's usually not the issue in this case . ), 
   i literally quoted the oecd report on the issue in this very thread . 
  the linked document is sadly only available as non-searchable images and the pdf is behind a paywall . 
  as a source , this amounts to junk . 
  furthermore , i endured that crappy online edition and skimmed its foreword as well as the `` executive summary '' . 
  neither mention the erasmus program . 
   post-soviet latvia , [ ... ] lithuania where 's the causal relationship to the erasmus program ? 
   fdp are they seriously predicted to become relevant once more on a federal level ? 
  that 's some weird kind of political necrophilia . 
   oh fuck you austria . 
  always one ( ! ), 
  fucking position better . 
  let 's have ranking for command of german , then . 
   you can see in these pictures : 1 wait a minute ... that 's not a greenhouse !, 
   it 's one of those moments you remember what you were doing when you first heard the news . 
  though for the foreseeable future that answer will invariably be `` was browsing reddit ... '' . 
  that 's not a polar projection !, 
  i call fraud . 
  o-de-0971791 -- phew , looks like i 'm safe . 
   ~ ~ number of redditors ~ ~ * number of subscribers to arbitrarily chosen subs associated with a country of residence . 
  that data is rather useless : i 'm in three european regional subreddits but not the one picked by op to represent the country i live in . 
   public transportation is also unreasonably expensive , very unreliable and the frequency of trains arriving is an insult to a city that size . 
  indeed , as someone from dresden i was shocked how backward public infrastructure was in baw\u00fc when i first came there . 
  it feels like local government just assumes everyone wants to use the car all the time and was planning accordingly for decades . 
  stuttgart is not alone in this . 
   can nordic countries do something wrong ? 
  they still have n't figured out a way to attract more sunshine for one . 
  but they 're probably already working on it if only because they need to do something after solving all the other problems of civilization . 
  nope , definitely [ vita cola ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/vita_cola ) . 
  bionade is for rich kiddies , vita cola rules the street . 
  otoh please no zuiderzee for maps of the bce to early medieval times : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/almere_ ( lake ), 
   that 's why the region north of portugal should be reffered to in english by the name in their own language : galiza . 
  by this logic we 'd call today 's ukrainian galicia `` hali\u010d '' or `` gali\u010d ''' . 
  sorry , there 's no downplaying it like that . 
  if the data could be accessed without authorization , you have to consider every last bit of it compromised . 
  relying on the circumstance that the scenario is still hypothetical to some extent ( absence of actual proof of such access ) amounts to playing the incompetence card . 
  not that it 'd make the top 10 , but the map is n't complete without iceland . 
   because they do n't sort their waste and have to otherwise pay in their municipalities , so they get it across the border . 
  that 's not what i meant . 
  there 's enough forests in germany too , so i have a hard time imagining how in their twisted their minds the compulsion arises to make the extra effort to cross the border for that . 
  infuriating . 
  but why do those turds even bother crossing the border for this ? 
  my family has a few patches of forest in central germany and the situation is very much the same . 
   germans have to pay by themselves at home based on the quantity of the produced waste i believe waste disposal is handled on communal level and differs widely across the country . 
   the point of backpacking is to travel for as little money as possible , is that something that anyone would be happy to receive ? 
  they hitchhike , use as much free resources as available and have a reputation of being dirty and drinking heavily . 
  having as much fun for as little money as possible in someone else 's country , would you not consider that leeching ? 
  thinking economically is n't a vice from where i 'm standing . 
  if anything , the money saved is usually going to be spent elsewhere . 
  i 've never backpacked myself , but i understand very well why one would try and stay away from hotels and other touristy establishments when on vacation . 
  not cause i 'm cheap , mind you , they just do n't offer the kind of service i 'd actually want . 
   if you lived in an actual touristy area , you would know what backpackers are like . 
  having done that for almost three decades , i can only say that backpackers are an insignificant minority of tourists and far less annoying to the locals than gangs of oblivious japanese behaving as though they were visiting the penguin section in a zoo . 
   iranian and aryan have the same origins it 's [ literally the name of the country ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/name_of_iran ) , one word being the translation of the other . 
   the haplogroup considered to be most tied with indo-european expansions were r1 subclades huh ? 
  what 's that got to do with a mentally disturbed kid going postal ? 
  it 's almost as though you 're disappointed that his racism was n't science ... 
   i like my smug little rants to much too stop for proper referencing :p . also . 
  ok , keep going then with your postmodernist montages :p, 
   western europe puts in nearly no effort to gain tourism france would have word with you . 
  the level of organization they officially put into tidying the country to be welcoming to tourists -- not only foreigners , btw . 
  -- is amazing . 
  the sheer number of public programs they put in place : the most beautiful towns contest , the `` vill [ ag ] es fleuri [ e ] s '' , culturally significant towns and regions , registered and classified historical sites , etc. 
  get an impression here : https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/liste_des_labels_et_protections_officiels_fran%c3%a7ais and liberally replace `` culture '' with `` tourism '' . 
  in any event , western europe maintaining their lead without effort is a myth . 
  in fact , there 's an entire industry behind it . 
   backpackers which are literally the human equivalent of leeches not sure what you 're getting at . 
  they still pay for accommodation , albeit at a discount , not to mention they 're not usually into stealing food , refusing to pay for their drinks in bars , or stealthily entering clubs or museums to evade the entry fee . 
  if you intend to milk backpackers more ( why single them out anyways ? 
  ) , levying an explicit tax would be the honest thing to do . 
  why not commit to being a tourism ghost town , compensate the current inhabitants with a piece of property elsewhere , and turn the place itself into a museum ? 
  charge tourists for access to the island and reinvest the profits elsewhere in the region . 
  it 's not that tourists love the place because of the locals . 
  thanks for the source , much appreciated .
