  he 's a mathematician living in the netherlands for decades . 
  to my question whether he renounced his us citizenship to avoid being taxed twice he replied that very few american expats ever have to worry about that because the cutoff is just too high . 
   i applied in qualification center for getting a certificate in carpentry . 
  after six months and two exams - i got my paper . 
  where was that ? 
  it 'd take at least three years to become a certified carpenter in germany ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/zimmerer#deutschland:_zimmerer.2fzimmerin ) . 
  the upside being that you get to travel around wearing a silly costume : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/journeyman_years, 
   `` shadow '' ? 
  more like southern italian economy . 
  what 's it with r/spain / r/es ( ~ 9000 and ~ 7000 subbed , respectively ) ? 
  are all spanish people incognito here ? 
  or do they have some secret , closed sub where you need to present official documents to be admitted ? 
   well , france does own the lhc and the esa launching stations and they pay pretty well . 
  do n't forget [ iter ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cadarache ) . 
   and there 's quite a number of big scientific communities in france that are pretty multilingual . 
  cern and esa are always welcoming scientists , researchers and engineers even if they do n't speak french . 
  look at brian cox . 
  cern 's not in france though . 
  switzerland is a couple steps further up the scale of xenophobia : a friend of mine , algerian then postdoc physicist had to leave geneva because they would n't extend his right to stay after iirc two years despite his mentor intervening in his favor . 
  ( he went back to germany to continue his research and is now a full professor of physics in algeria . ), 
  spoke french fluently , btw. , even better than english or german . 
   should n't it be hibernating ? 
  and miss the winter ? 
  with that kind of fur ? 
  also , this map : http://i.imgur.com/5brtvqm.jpg is [ wrong ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/datei:germany_laender_1947_1990_ddr.png ) . 
   i wonder how ancient athenians would react to that . 
  they 'd probably have thought mithras won the god wars . 
   sur le pont d'aveyron at least this one is complete all the way to the other end . 
   people illegaly stripping down forests and selling them for firewood ( in relation to the previous point ) , and complete inability of the government to regulate this how can that be economical ? 
  if you own a piece of forest , you 'll want to avoid your trees ending up as firewood . 
  the market price just is n't worth raising trees for generations . 
  there 's little if any money in it to begin with , so if you intend to at least aim for a bit of cost-effectiveness , furniture or at least construction timber are the way to go . 
   i was just trying to compress their writing with our letters and even if they say [ \u0290 ] the \u0159 looks nicer to me especially after the letter p.   edit : or it make more sense from the czech perspective their rz often corresponds with our \u0159 in corresponding words . 
  yes sure , but you 're introducing archaisms already before it has even been implemented . 
  way to piss off future generations ... btw . 
  i knew a pole who told me she 'd use czech letters as sort of a shorthand when she had to write down things quickly , say , when on the phone . 
  so it does make a lot of sense . 
  while we 're at it , you should export your script to germany as well , eliminating those terrible digraphs and trigraphs that disfigure our orthography . 
   yeah , it 's a perfectly phonetical language . 
  what about the script ? 
  does it correspond to spoken language one way ( like french , german etc. ), 
  or both ways ( like czech , latin ) ? 
  p\u0159esadza\u0161 you ca n't transliterate polish * rz * as * \u0159 * . 
  phonetically , it 's a plain * \u017e * nowadays . 
   ridiculous is n't it ? 
  :d is there any phonetic correspondence behind it or is the orthography entirely historic at this point ? 
  the french have it worse : http://i.imgur.com/iuekauq.jpg, 
   i just realize how awfully hard it must be trying to tidy up stuff in 0g the smaller the pieces , the harder it gets . 
  there 's a reason why bread is banned up there . 
   danke -  dank je -  dank uje -  dankuje -  dzi\u0119kuj\u0119 but then in czech one says `` d\u00edky '' which for polish ears sounds like `` dziki '' ( boars ) . 
   the man , who tried to gain entry to the louvre 's shopping centre , was shot in the abdomen and seriously injured . 
  as long as the idiots mistake that mall for the museum i think paris will be spared the fate of nimrud . 
   what would the results of such a poll be in the netherlands ? 
  what 'd be the world average ? 
   should be important news over here imho . 
  actually , it was . 
  i remember laughing heartily back then . 
   this is also a reason why i like trump got elected . 
  not because of his politics or promises . 
  but obamas friendliness and smile protected him from his crimes against humanity . 
  this wont happen with trump . 
  it 's also next to impossible to be disappointed with whatever trump does . 
  there 's only room for improvement . 
  perception wise this gives him an edge over obama who was anticipated to bring an age of reason to the world and then just failed miserably to live up to most expectations . 
  nobody will be disappointed if trump continues with the drone murders in pakistan . 
  cutting off the plot like that below 10 and above 70 -- what are they thinking ? 
  this reeks of bs , needlessly so if the poll figures are solid . 
   a fascist idiot being ridiculed while talking pompously is the kind of shit i like to see in this sub . 
  is it really worth posting though ? 
  it feels a bit like making fun of a mentally disabled person or catholics . 
   wulff was corrupt . 
  he received 300 $ without declaration . 
  and got caught . 
  corrupt and incompetent . 
  a true german politician . 
   jfk : those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable . 
  `` but here 's some advice , boy . 
  do n't put your trust in revolutions . 
  they always come around again . 
  that 's why they 're called revolutions . '', 
   there will be no federal europe while people who have lived during a foreign occupation are still alive . 
  the rest of us can have a federal europe while the ones you 're referring to wait for generation occupation to die out . 
   loading ... 
  if you ca n't get mere text to display without javascript , you fail at life . 
  the site is famous for its interior architecture and today it 's home to a sizable collection of art . 
  here are some impressions : http://www.kunstsammlungen-coburg.de/en/sammlungen-historische-raeume-historische-raeume.php, 
   what do le pen/petry/wilders voters want ? 
  stronger borders ? 
  the eu is a perfect vessel for enforcing our collective border . 
  work from the inside to make it so . 
  do n't blow it up and make us become puppets for the us/china it 's quite clear that they consider it a case of iterated prisoner 's dilemma : as long as cooperation prevails , they will never get a shot at real power because of the overall prosperity . 
  so the only viable strategy for them is to become among the first to defect the eu and secure better deal with outside players . 
  brexit increased the intensity of that race to the bottom because the first defection is at the horizon . 
  latecomers will get worse and worse bargains the longer they wait . 
   people will take starvation wages ( look at the robber baron period of the american industrialization for a good example ) because getting 2 meals a day and no luxuries is better than getting no meals a day why the strawman ? 
  why make up the bit about `` luxuries '' ? 
  if you 're going to turn this into rhetoric for beginners , i 'm out . 
  if you find nobody 's willing to talk to you because you purposely misrepresent what they 're saying , i suggest you go into politics . 
    better spend that time doing something useful instead : staying healthy , volunteer work , educating yourself , etc. 
  that is a net improvement for everyone .
