   do n't tell me you 're using and prefering serifed fonts on your monitor . 
  actually , if the target is digital i prefer non-proportional , un-antialiased bitmap fonts . 
  at the current pixel densities none of the scaled alternatives offers a similar sharpness . 
  but then i look mostly at code and text in my editor so i do n't necessarily represent the average paying customer . 
  the lack of serifs is one of the symptoms of the technological inferiority of these displays , along with low contrast , and backlights . 
  outside of digital screens i prefer to see serifs everwhere . 
  for emphasis or as display font , they may be omitted , of course . 
   originally it was created without mathematical symbols . 
  \u0421\u043f\u0430\u0441\u0438\u0431\u043e  very interesting that it got standardized eventually . 
  its development resembles that of other families like minion that got math support bolted on as an afterthought long after the face itself caught on . 
   what are some good fonts ? 
  very hard to answer unless some context ist given . 
  if you wish to make a qualified decision yourself , i recommend the bringhurst for an introduction : https://www.amazon.com/dp/0881792128, 
   we have our own standard font for academic papers . 
  those look very clean . 
  since they 're `` academic '' , do any of those you linked come with ot math coverage ? 
  it 's not mentioned on the page , that 's why i 'm asking . 
   who cares about times new roman , it is a print font . 
  it 's worse . 
  tnr is a newspaper font designed to maximize horizontal content efficiency in tight column typesetting under the constraints of a language ( or , more precisely , typesetting tradition ) that is largely hostile to hyphenation . 
  it 's a compression method , that 's all . 
   who even prints stuff anymore ? 
  ever heard of those book things ? 
   i 'd be more concerned about the loss of arial , verdana and tahoma which are actual useful fonts in the 21st century . 
  those are all grotesque faces and as such do n't lend themselves for typesetting longer texts . 
  i 'm not sure what 21st century you wish your eyes to endure but personally i hope that at some point digital publishing will catch up with the standards of the pre-photo typesetting era . 
  [ why do n't you fill out your vacancies with british undergraduates ? ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ww7mhtp5a5e ), 
   those accessories have been added only in recent times , altering the more traditional and rough natural appearance of a dead piece of wood . 
    beginning with the feast of the immaculate conception ( december 8 ) , one gives the ti\u00f3 a little bit to `` eat '' every night and usually covers him with a blanket so that he will not be cold . 
  reminds me of the czech movie [ * otes\u00e1nek * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/little_otik ) . 
  weird , but still better than coca cola marketing . 
   in england , in addition reverse roads , bicycles have their brake levers other way around ( left for back , right for the front wheel ) . 
  shifting cables are on the same side though : / for this reason all bikes that the uk exports have to be partially disassembled in the destination country to have the brake cables rewired . 
  source : talked to a german bike mech when i bought a genesis . 
   there is not a tour de france without that . 
  what doping incidents happened at this year 's tour ? 
   pussies . 
  what 's wrong with paying a pro for quality work ? 
  seeing that it 's all about k. k. , you guys should probably man up . 
   nevertheless ability to devalue your currency is a tool that helps to manage the eoconmy , a tool that greece does not possess now and it 's a problem . 
  the one country in europe who would be most negatively affected by the inability to devalue its currency at will would be -- germany of course . 
  who currently profits , like the entire eurozone , from the weakness of the euro internationally . 
   for most people it 's just a convenience thing , you do n't need to exchange currency on the border etc. 
  they do n't realise economical implications . 
  not having to pay the exchange booth tax ( or bank fee ) when arriving in a foreign country is an economical implication . 
  so is not wasting your time and cognition on these matters . 
   or at least having a 6 will be a huge hit to your grades , so it is n't that trivial . 
  one 6 is n't the end of the world . 
  being bereft of the opportunity to partake in swimming lessons because your parents happen to be braindamaged , that 's going to traumatize her for life . 
  hard w\u00f8rk , indeed . 
   the government of the german state of schleswig-holstein they 're all called `` olaf bathke '' , even the women ? 
  talk about conformists . 
   oh i always thought only us were forced to learn latin . 
  in germany , it 's a choice you take at the beginning of 7th grade between `` scientific '' and `` language '' profile . 
  only the latter have compulsory latin classes and even they can opt out of it after a number of years . 
  at least that 's how it worked where i went to school . 
  in other parts of the country things were different : i knew a guy from bavaria who took like nine years of latin ( out of thirteen total ) and it was his first foreign language . 
  that 's outright bizarre by any standard ... 
   me and my girlfriend are paying nearly double the average rent in fucking berlin to reside in a one bedroom apartment in a small irish town . 
  its absolutely crazy here . 
  could be worse . 
  you could be living in berlin . 
   of course you would , just like most companies - and that 's the reason i 'm gladful we have unions which protect us . 
  how is uneven payout of the same salary per year preferable to a regular monthly pay ? 
  it 's a horrible arrangement and does not benefit anyone besides accountants for who it generates more work because of the extra overhead . 
   urlaubsgeld , which is paid in summer , is 14th . 
  vacations are already paid , are you saying you get an extra salary on top of that ? 
  like , twice the pay for the time you do n't even work ? 
   you are not their customer when you adblock . 
  you are consuming their content entirely for free . 
  you 're not the * customer * when staring at their ads either . 
  that would be the companies that pay for the ads . 
  and there 's a more or less foolproof method of getting actual customers that are readers at the same time by paywalling the content . 
   if they disrespect our society they should be shown the door and thrown out through it . 
  while we 're at it , can we please extend this policy to the current inhabitants as well ? 
  you know , grab the opportunity to get rid of that double standard and a number of idiots at the same time . 
   we just keep the really good stuff to ourselves . 
  definitely your dairy industry makes a fortune dumping tons of gouda into germany because germans ca n't tell a good cheese for shit . 
   looks like the border moved to the dutch side a little bit in the last pic nah , most likely the nl side boasts a wider bike path so the middle of the tarmac is slightly off the middle of the road . 
   eehhhhhh is it a good idea though ? 
  ch has a very specific brand of humour , not sure how it will translate . 
  i 'll take a translated ch over a native titanic any day . 
  that said , i have n't read either for years , 
  as always , the italian or french gallery of the day makes me sigh at first but then i feel the impulse to click the link , probably because the other posts are the same repetitive content day after day . 
  never did the click end in disappointment . 
  ( probably the best set up for you to inject a rickroll next time but be warned : since the official video on yt is banned where i live i most likely wo n't even notice . ), 
   in europe , being anti-nato does make you ( de facto ) pro-russia , ridiculous . 
  the spectrum of political opinion extends beyond the russia / atlantic clusters . 
   as nato is the main force opposing russian expansion currently , nato 's interference in eastern europe is providing russia with the hell of an excuse for expanding . 
   i know , but they were n't killed by russians . 
   they were the ruling party in the ddr . 
  [ it was the likes of ulbricht who survived the purges , other communists who fled to the soviet union did n't . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/walter_ulbricht#nazi_and_war_years ), 
   boris is retarded , but farage is a hero and extremely talented , intelligent and well spoken . 
  ... compared to boris . 
  never thought you could make it that far as a lowly german . 
   he 's just the cherry on the sundea . 
  we have our fair share of corrupt , incompetent politicians . 
   you stand alone with that claim .
