free vacations in geneva , paid for by the un . 
  i 'd like that too . 
   are you telling me i have to obey the rules of gravity ? 
  actually , i 'm not . 
  some things everybody has to figure out for themselves . 
    freedom = do anything  this is where you 're wrong . 
  if this topic interests you , you should consider studying political theory / political science . 
  physics should suffice . 
   print a swastika in a context that is not art or history . 
   capital of the hipster mostly just kids with rich parents . 
  rich parents are quite common here in autoland , perhaps even the rule . 
  in terms of hipsterdom it 's quite the backwater compared to the likes of berlin . 
  besides , true hipsters could never afford the rents in t\u00fcbingen . 
  and there 's only two alnatura supermarkets within city premises , you 're blowing this way out of proportion . 
    cyber oppression that term was probably patented in the 90s by william gibson . 
   yt video removed . 
  if it 's supposed to be a work of art then they probably removed it on account of copyright issues . 
  unbelievable someone awarded her an md. 
  * royal society * monty python * they also gave h\u00e4ndel a job , i guess that counts . 
   lamb everything lots of lamb . 
  are these for a special occasion or is lamb meat just that affordable in turkey ? 
  also bonus points for having a ratatouille on that list . 
  any jobs there ? 
   the decline of the west is in full swing and i do n't see how it can be stopped . 
  according to observers , the [ west has been steadily declining since 1918 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_decline_of_the_west ) . 
  i like this notion of a `` decline '' , one of the few things that make me optimistic . 
   the sense that the world is tired of peace and boring progress and is swinging back to war and disaster . 
  compared to what ? 
  that impression might just be due to a global regression to the mean after a number of less violent years . 
  we can reflect on the general trend of that in a decade or so . 
   the thing is - the abolishment of the crimen maiestatis will not change much since we still have the crime of insulting , and the crimen maiestatis is just the basic insulting-law with a special crime-subject . 
   [ ... ]  so , the abolishment of the crimen maiestatis is rather symbolic than anything other and it will stop to cause political outcry if the government has to decide to pass it or not , but there is not much difference to the legal reality . 
  indeed . 
  `` insult '' is at least a concept grounded in reality that does n't involve arbitrarily raising the legal status of certain people because of the position they are in . 
  there 's also the matter of \u00a7 166 stgb whose existence is even more despicable . 
   hopefully we abolish that fucking crimen maiestatis paragraph before it 's to late . 
  not sure in the current climate . 
  it could trigger a refugee crisis for political satirists from all over the world . 
  germany would be invaded by funny people . 
  most people only know it from the local crime column in newspapers and its usage is 100 % associated with police jargon . 
  [ the awful german language ] ( https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/a_tramp_abroad/appendix_d ), 
   where do you find this info ? 
  it 's part of the error message emitted by youtube-dl , more specifically if it 's invoked by an audio player . 
  seems to hate most of the world though :  [ ytdl_hook ] error : youtube said : this video is available in andorra , united arab emirates , afghanistan , antigua and barbuda , anguilla , albania , armenia , angola , antarctica , argentina , american samoa , austria , australia , aruba , \u00c5land islands , azerbaijan , bosnia and herzegovina , barbados , bangladesh , belgium , burkina faso , bulgaria , bahrain , burundi , benin , saint barth\u00e9lemy , bermuda , brunei darussalam , bolivia , plurinational state of , brazil , bahamas , bhutan , bouvet island , botswana , belarus , belize , canada , cocos ( keeling ) islands , congo , the democratic republic of the , central african republic , congo , switzerland , c\u00f4te d'ivoire , cook islands , chile , cameroon , china , colombia , costa rica , cuba , cape verde , christmas island , cyprus , djibouti , denmark , dominica , dominican republic , algeria , ecuador , estonia , egypt , western sahara , eritrea , spain , ethiopia , finland , fiji , falkland islands ( malvinas ) , micronesia , federated states of , faroe islands , france , gabon , united kingdom , grenada , georgia , french guiana , guernsey , ghana , gibraltar , greenland , gambia , guinea , guadeloupe , equatorial guinea , greece , south georgia and the south sandwich islands , guatemala , guam , guinea-bissau , guyana , hong kong , heard island and mcdonald islands , honduras , croatia , haiti , hungary , indonesia , ireland , israel , isle of man , india , british indian ocean territory , iraq , iran , islamic republic of , iceland , italy , jersey , jamaica , jordan , japan , kenya , kyrgyzstan , cambodia , kiribati , comoros , saint kitts and nevis , korea , democratic people 's republic of , korea , republic of , kuwait , cayman islands , kazakhstan , lao people 's democratic republic , lebanon , saint lucia , liechtenstein , sri lanka , liberia , lesotho , lithuania , luxembourg , latvia , libya , morocco , monaco , moldova , republic of , montenegro , saint martin ( french part ) , madagascar , marshall islands , macedonia , the former yugoslav republic of , mali , myanmar , mongolia , macao , northern mariana islands , martinique , mauritania , montserrat , malta , mauritius , maldives , malawi , mexico , malaysia , mozambique , namibia , new caledonia , niger , norfolk island , nigeria , nicaragua , netherlands , norway , nepal , nauru , niue , new zealand , oman , panama , peru , french polynesia , papua new guinea , philippines , pakistan , poland , saint pierre and miquelon , pitcairn , puerto rico , palestine , state of , portugal , palau , paraguay , qatar , r\u00e9union , romania , serbia , russian federation , rwanda , saudi arabia , solomon islands , seychelles , sudan , sweden , singapore , saint helena , ascension and tristan da cunha , slovenia , svalbard and jan mayen , sierra leone , san marino , senegal , somalia , suriname , sao tome and principe , el salvador , syrian arab republic , swaziland , turks and caicos islands , chad , french southern territories , togo , thailand , tajikistan , tokelau , timor-leste , turkmenistan , tunisia , tonga , turkey , trinidad and tobago , tuvalu , taiwan , province of china , tanzania , united republic of , ukraine , uganda , united states minor outlying islands , united states , uruguay , uzbekistan , holy see ( vatican city state ) , saint vincent and the grenadines , venezuela , bolivarian republic of , virgin islands , british , virgin islands , u.s. , viet nam , vanuatu , wallis and futuna , samoa , yemen , mayotte , south africa , zambia , zimbabwe only, 
  believe me , people would line up if jobs were n't exclusive to the north , 
   nah , nationalism is not the same as tsarism , it 's not . 
  that 's why i was referring to the white army et al. 
   and even if it was defeated in 1917 it came back strong with stalin . 
  russian nationalism ? 
  are you joking ? 
  stalin was n't even russian . 
   the far-left have this really bizarre obsession with russia and an unrelenting desire to defend it all the time , regardless of what it does . 
  which is an entirely ahistorical position to assume , considering that putin represents the continuation not of the fallen soviet state but the russian nationalism that was defeated in 1917 . 
   is this worrying for german politics ? 
  nope . 
  the left and right fringes are pathetic and have been since their beginnings . 
  and among the parties that are conventionally counted as certifiably sane , the fdp tries their best to distinguish themselves in some reproachable way . 
  business as usual . 
  124 keur for bribing multiple individuals and institutions ? 
  just how cheap are those in montenegro ? 
   0.2 pounds of chocolate !, 
  probably even less considering what 's ordinarily sold as `` chocolate '' usually contains more sugar than actual cocoa . 
   those are just our locals searching for life 's answers . 
  in english ? 
  if you 've already bought into the idea that some random guy is superior to everyone else by virtue of his birth , then logic and rigor ca n't be a priority either . 
  what a bunch of morons . 
  despicable . 
   it 's an absurd situation , but one that gives even nation 's like germany far more power to negotiate than they would have on their own . 
  even more , it grants the negotiators of all countries plausible deniability because in the end there 's only one country that needs to object in public and they can just pick the right one to come forward . 
  the others remain in as strong a position as before but the deal 's off for everyone anyways . 
  ( poland and germany understand that game very well and seem to play it on about any level of international politics . ), 
   especially since any us deal would be 50-50 . 
  plus our firstborns and our souls , just as ttip . 
  but those are minor details . 
   maybe the owner of these photos does n't want you to download them . 
  then do n't put them online or paywall them . 
  viewing them in a browser * always * entails downloading them . 
  not being satisfied with that truth does n't justify breaking all usability assumptions of the web . 
  that site is completely broken in my browser . 
  does anyone have proper links to the images or , even better , a usable gallery ? 
  catholiban . 
  the syllables must match . 
   if you go to the local malls you can find large groups of young nigerians dressed like hipster nerds buying up all the shoes lol that 's the most hilarious image i 've had stuck in my mind for weeks . 
  seriously this comments section would be a quarter the size if people did so before commenting . 
   i meant that when people say she invited them , this saying of people should not be interpreted literally . 
  should we assume they lie , then ? 
   critics of merkel do n't necessarily mean that merkel invited them in this very strict sense of the word ( i.e. 
  literally saying `` please come '' ) . 
  exactly , which is what the article starts out with : they single out three events that are usually taken as the informal or implicit `` invitation '' and then investigate whether the actual development of the numbers of refugees correlates with that . 
   a group of 5 turkish university students when abroad in czech republic i noticed lots of medicine students from turkey would come there because tuition was lower and the degree just as well respected as a domestic one . 
  is that the same with poland or do they prefer other subjects there ? 
  it 's just france , really . 
   were the raf big there ? 
  they were nowhere `` really big '' to begin with except for the mass media . 
   bring tea !, 
  please , no . 
  leave that to immigrants from darjeeling district , india . 
  what the british call tea hardly compares . 
   like we do n't struggle enough with slovakia and slovenia the difference is pretty clear in english , is n't it ? 
  take czech for example where these countries are called `` slovensko '' and `` slovinsko '' , respectively .
