  but let 's not call us `` once unified '' , the german people fought each other even with a shared heritage quite often . 
  i prefer the status quo now over petty infights , after all . 
  yeah no , your reasonings are weird as hell and not conclusive at all . 
  it 's also not a law about morality , so i do n't know what moral authority even has to do with it . 
  does it mean jews are exempt from all laws ? 
  they are above the rest of the people due to their religion ? 
  ah yes , all of austrian wealth is built on expropriated jewish property , of course it is ... ( three more full stops ) not gon na indulge you in a discussion on kurt waldheim , another cheap shot that shows you are not really versed in that topic but like to make generalized statements about a whole country . 
  do n't you even realize that your focus on jews while not even once mentioning other religions can be construed as favouritism or you being opposed to them ? 
  once more for you , it is a general law enabling companies to enforce dress codes regarding religious ( and other kinds of ) symbols , general meaning that it targets absolutely everyone . 
  making it not apply to jews would be discrimination par excellence , you casually suggesting just that shows that you do not have the moral high ground at all . 
  you know that favouring something means discriminating everything but that one thing , right ? 
  you should not tell germans or austrians what laws they can make ... three full stops, 
  could you please repeat that ? 
  well , report first and foremost , but research too . 
  saying `` that 's not true because soandso '' while citing the information makes for good journalism . 
  i would n't call it taking sides if you add facts !, 
  ( not opinions ) to your report . 
  well , if the company policy is `` no head covering indoors for employees ( unless for medicinal reasons ) '' then yes , he would need to be hat free . 
  if he argues with religion , his hat would n't be so secular anymore . 
  and there it is again , the nazi shade . 
  wins every argument ... 
  seriously , if it 's a rule for * everybody * , it is everything but discriminatory . 
  i also ca n't wear a giant rosary or a pastafari head . 
  ugh , subtle nazi shade ? 
  original . . 
  unless skirts are a religious symbol there is n't any problem . 
  no it 's not ok for him to wear the hat indoors , the stated law ( in my country ) would be overtly displaying religious signs for workers with contact to customers . 
  so if said jew is behind the counter he needs to remove his hat . 
  yaaaaaas !, 
  not that again ... 
  on expatistan , it 's ranked 6th , above copenhagen , stockholm and paris . 
  still below switzerland and norway , of course . 
  gay agenda , of course , 
  maybe because there are n't that many international companies there ? 
  i 'm confused too why it is n't higher ? 
  see this is why i honestly * detest * the name `` germany/deutschland '' . 
  `` german people '' included for so long all of the descendants of germanians who also spoke a form of german , which of course !, 
  included austria and switzerland too . 
  but noooo , we have to name our country `` germany '' even though it did not encompass all of the german people ... 
  so now , even though what timaeger said is historically accurate , you will be corrected because now it 's more associated with `` in germany/of german descent '' , which is just so narrow . 
  honestly , excluding ww2 , these 3 countries would have more of a bond if germany would have been named `` greater preu\u00dfen '' or something like that , because then we still could use the term `` german '' as it has been used for many hundreds of years . 
  sorry for going of a tangent ;p, 
  it 's like game of thrones dragons with the new berlin airport . 
  `` it is coming , just wait a bit longer and keep watching ! '', 
  cost of living is one of the highest in europe , and i think s/he talks about living there , not just visiting it . 
  my god , you just triggered some germans xd, 
  that can not be true if you have been to every major european city !, 
  you have n't seen worse in london , or in paris ? 
  highly doubt that , or your categorization for * bad * is really broad . 
  but i like berlin !, 
  going out is the bomb in berlin !, 
  ( granted , that 's not that important to most , but still ), 
  that turkish minister though ... talks a lot , says almost nothing . 
  you can see when he tries desperately to get out of giving a straight answer , probably because he just could n't . 
  unless he wants to commit political suicide , that is . 
  apparently i do , because a quick google search should show you who has been charged when with insulting atat\u00fcrk . 
  granted , if it 's people who are just not important at all they do n't bother , so your facebook friends should be safe , unless they are journalists or something like that . 
  why would it be in bad taste ? 
  it is in bad taste holding him to a different standard than all the other people , living or dead . 
  yes he did a lot for turkey , we know . 
  still , cultish behaviour enforced by official law is hardly ever the way to go . 
  just make it a fine like when you personally insult a politician ( not what he stands for ! ), 
  and be done with it . 
  not that you actually can insult a dead person , but some concessions probably have to be made . 
  dude , how can you say that it 's not enforced when there are instances of it being enforced every odd year ? 
  also , if it is supposedly not enforced , why do n't you get rid of it ? 
  that 's exactly what happened in germany , they realized they still have a redundant old law which basically never got enforced , but when it did they tried to minimize the damage and change it . 
  why do n't you do that with the `` atat\u00fcrk '' law ? 
  because you do n't want to , because your presidents still need it to get rid of unwanted journalists , and because , at the end of the day , the cult is still strong . 
  free speech does n't mean you are save from fines , monetary re compensation does not hinder your freedom of speech , how can you even compare that to imprisonment measured in years ? 
  no i will not get of my * high horse * until you stop conflating `` getting into trouble '' with `` imprisonment '' . 
  excuse me ? 
  insulting atat\u00fcrk can be fined with up to 3 years imprisonment !, 
  there have been instances of teachers and journalists being imprisoned after `` insulting '' atat\u00fcrk , on top of fines . 
  that is the difference , and that you do n't know that and also make some convoluted `` guesses '' towards my country 's free speech proves that you really do not get why such a law protecting atat\u00fcrk 's memory is such an anathema to some european 's interpretation of freedom of speech . 
  oh yes , of course , sorry my bad . 
  some have pretty good ties to south american countries . 
  shoutout to mexico , you stood up for us !, 
  exactly . 
  not that changing countries is easy or anything , but it 's hardly shaking your world to move from ireland to gb . 
  try an arabic , predominantly islamic country and then you will see how different people really can be . 
  `` criticising is okay and acceptable but insulting the man who founded this nation is not free speech . '', 
  yes it is !, 
  no person is sacrosanct , and even though you can sue for slander if you insulted a living person , the fact that a dead person is basically un-insultable by threat of imprisonment is ridiculous . 
  if turkey ever wants to become a member of the eu they need to get rid of the law , there just ca n't be a single person , living or otherwise , who has different laws regarding slander than everybody else . 
  if you can not understand that then i failed in explaining it , which i 'm sorry for . 
  +1 to thomasz for saying that this is not comparable to the `` head of state '' law germany had . 
  erm , they totally do or they would n't use it all the time to jail people for `` insulting the legacy of atat\u00fcrk '' . 
  also , if no one cared they would have gotten rid of it , since such a law is incompatible with eu law , and after all turkey did once try to become a member state . 
  is n't it forbidden by law to insult atat\u00fcrk ? 
  because that 's kinda cultish to lift a person above all others , like a god . 
  thanks for explaining , your sentence was so cutting edge and cerebral that no one could possible understand it on their own . 
  i really hope what you are saying is true !, 
  all the best to you for the next months , hope you come through better than ever as a country !, 
  ca n't find it right now , but there was a good article about that phenomena , especially regarding turkish immigrants . 
  it 's just the timing and the time itself basically . 
  turkey decades ago was pretty conservative , especially in rural regions , and these were the immigrants who came when the job situation was so good in central europe . 
  their integration however was n't so good , they stayed within their own groups and did not partake in public activities , the new neighbours were also not too friendly on average . 
  due to their emigration , they missed the social revolution in turkey , when the turkish people became more modern , western , liberal and open . 
  so that 's why older turkish immigrants and sometimes their offspring are much more conservative than turks in turkey , they missed `` modernisation '' in turkey and did not assimilate it in their new homecountry .
