  because the charlotte riots had a death due to shooting and a lot of property damage too . 
  the scope was smaller , yeah , but that 's a given . 
  did n't the usa have even more violent demonstrations and mobs not so long ago ? 
  that whole charlotte riot and others like that ? 
  did `` owning guns '' help in that case ? 
   electric cars are only bought because they are much much much cheaper than comparable fossil fuel cars , they are exempt from taxes and dont pay any tolls , before they had free parking but that is mostly gone now . 
  do you know how much , or can you guess ? 
  because electric cars are much more expensive in production than comparable fossil cars . 
  tax exemption is worth a lot , of course , depending on your taxes . 
  was n't asking for what nationality they identify as , but what that identity actually means . 
  what are traits that can be said of the people of luxembourg , is there some unique qualifier , what are they known for and what attributes do they themselves identify with ? 
  that 's more than * just * nationality , which is kinda trivial in a cultural context . 
   probably feel 100 % luxembourgish . 
  what exactly is the luxembourg identity ? 
  i 'm ashamed to admit my ignorance , but besides being an incredibly small country , supposedly slightly backwards , i have no idea what being luxembourg even means , or how to describe them ? 
   it feels like if you stop here erdogan can not lose anymore , to me at least . 
  maybe it 's already too late and it 's over forever , i 'd just really hate that . 
  so what ? 
  i doubt this will have any influence on their decision to support or get rid of erdogan , and if a real majority can really be swayed by that then they deserve what 's coming . 
  oh totally , soldier is a different job , with risk of losing ones life right in the job description . 
  but , the risk alone does n't make somebody a hero , and i 'm kinda sick of people calling everyone a hero who potentially could save your life/risk own life for somebody . 
  hero comes after the heroic deed , not just through the possibility of it . 
   in my view people who risk their health and life for me are heroes . 
  true , but ca n't there be more degrees of respect ? 
  calling those who saw active deployment in a combat zone and saved lives there is what a hero is to me ( talking about soldiers of course ) , but calling every soldier a hero from the very get go makes the word meaningless in my eyes . 
   all people working in high risk jobs that benefit the public are heroes and deserve , that society pays them respect . 
  yes to the respect , no to the hero part . 
  can people please stop using that word so inflationary ? 
  it 's a word which a very old definition , not even the greeks and their tons of heroes called every soldier a `` hero '' just because he was serving the public . 
  so yes , by calling every kind of civil servant a hero without them having fulfilled a heroic deed is glorifying them in my eyes . 
  ps : no , i do not shit on that profession , i respect it very much , but just be a little more cautious when throwing around words like hero . 
  totally skewed graph , for sure . 
  this kinda insinuates that every 3rd person has a gun , which just is n't true . 
  what do you mean finally ? 
  no offense to the balkans , but there is always some squabble to observe , some serious , some petty as hell . 
  i 'm sorry , but is n't there something missing in the title ? 
  it looks wrong somehow . . 
  czechia is kinda old , we use the german version of it since ever . 
  czech republic is just too damn long , even more so in german , and it 's just so meh to have `` republic '' or similar nouns in the colloquial name . 
   the buildings you shared picture of are just toki style buildings . 
  they do n't look communist . 
  they totally do . 
  they had enough time to come up with a new name . 
  since they apparently are ok with afrikaans , it should n't be a problem for us either . 
  ah sorry man , thought this was a listing of catalonia 's politics , since you mentioned in your previous comments all the things in which it was so forward thinking . 
  well at least it 's accidentally ironic in that case :p, 
   people are supposed to participate in this thread by posting cartoons , like in the r/politics saturday morning cartoon thread . 
  that way there 's more variety . 
  what ? 
  we are ? 
  sorry i had no idea , thought this was just a post about a politico article , did n't no we can participate . 
  can we please not make this thread about catalonia and its issues with spain ? 
  let 's not go too off topic by having people of every region ( ie not a country ) list whatever happened there , ok ? 
  a bit more diversity maybe ? 
  it 's basically just trump and brexit cartoons . 
  we get it , usa and gb are important , but would it hurt politico.eu !, 
  to be a little less anglophile and more international ? 
  or at least do some other countries in europe for once ... 
  so it 's both ? 
  when you say * lepp\u00e4 * you could either mean `` blood '' or `` red '' ? 
  even better , * blood red gertrude * is way fiercer !, 
  * `` as is tradition '' *, 
  sounds like red sonja 's fierce cousin . 
   small speckled beetle wow , that 's so original !, 
  is there only one small speckled beetle in all of ireland ? 
  reinstalling border control , like all the others did too . 
  turning them away then is n't a humanitarian problem , since you are n't stranding them in some volatile country but rather another stable eu country . 
   * edit : they are lower per kilowatt . 
  we have much larger homes and of course air conditioning to pay for , so it does get more expensive . 
  hence why i also wrote `` energy '' , not only electricity . 
  a lot of energy gets * needlessly * wasted because people live in places which are basically hostile to humans . 
  that includes energy for pumping water there plus using that water as a rain substitute plus lots of energy for electricity generation etc. 
  it 's not about the arbitrary number of the electricity bill , which has no meaning when talking about sustainability and environmental footprint . 
   i moved from phoenix to the netherlands , and while a radical heat wave here is `` only '' 35c/95f , there is absolutely no a/c anywhere , the humidity is incredibly high , and its the exact same temperature indoors as it is outdoors . 
  i 'll take the dry heat any day . 
  whatever floats your boat . 
  i personally ca n't fathom why people would even settle in a region such as phoenix , and even worse , stay there . 
  there so much usable land in north america , fertile and with much more temperate climate , and people live in fucking deserts !, 
  of course the carbon food print and average electricity bill of the usa is terrible , how ca n't it be if people waste so much energy living in places such as this ? 
  give me netherlands over that any day . 
  hiding in the shadows does n't help much when the temperature is that high in the shade too . 
  also , it might be more bearable , but temperatures this high are just horrible no matter what . 
  higher than body core temperature is n't so great , since there 's not much your body can do against it . 
  we would assume you do english very well . 
  the '' * only * '' in that sentence annoys me so much !, 
  dear economist writer , how many refugees have been in germany at the time you got these numbers ? 
  now , compare that to the whole population and make a fraction out of it . 
  now , compare those two percentages . 
  do you see it ? 
  do you realize why trying to stir the dumb reader into a certain direction by using your own bias is wrong and pretty bad journalism ? 
   problem is that parents can consent for infants and what not for medical decisions so this would n't change anything for them . 
  of course they can . 
  but , guess what , parents do not solely decide what 's medically necessary , so without a doctors consent their would be no `` legal '' circumcision happening if you ban it like that . 
  show the receipts . 
  american or anglican thread ? 
  of course you will be torn into , you could practically be a saint who cures cancer and they would call you a nazi !, 
  if you did n't read yet all the info that was given in which way it will affect your future sex life then you need to catch up to it . 
  no , your opinion on it does n't change your penis sensitivity in the slightest , so saying `` but i 'm fine with it , and my sex life is great '' matters absolutely 0 . 
  sensitivity is prerequisite for enjoyable sex , and with a foreskin you automatically have more . 
  always , even longerlasting through your life due to less decreasing sensitivity of your glands .
