  lashing out and insulting everyone is not having a spine , it 's being childish . 
  like what ? 
  what did they leave behind that is worth of note ? 
  honest questions , i really ca n't think of a building or anything that was build by the ottoman empire outside of modern turkey . 
  that is not a prove , just hearsay . 
  his pals congratulating him `` through '' that account would also mean it 's not his . 
  telegraph 's gon na get it now . 
  you do n't talk about the war room !, 
  how was the connection drawn between him and the twitter account , did he link it in the video ? 
  how is it `` extra hard '' to live in germany for english speakers ? 
  `` pathetic revisionism . '', 
  true that , s\u00fcleyman himself tried to make it look like a victory . 
  `` let 's just go back because it 's cold , but hey , you get a fancy dress and kiss my hand . . '', 
  and it did n't help them at all . 
  quality over quantity any day , every day . 
  i mean , they lost more men than the city even had defenders ... 
  `` because it is the same with any empire no empire contributed to their colonial subjects . '', 
  would n't sign that . 
  some brought culture , advancements in science and in many cases the finest architecture these colonies ever had . 
  they sure are n't the `` actual happiest '' ever . 
  what ? 
  no , pretty sure border in that case means also country next to it . 
  nz for example might not border australia directly , but you still would cross only the australian and nz border if you went the direct way . 
  so it still checks out . 
  maybe it 's a language thing , but just `` my country '' makes it sound weird , especially translated into german ( if you use `` staat '' instead of the ambiguous `` land '' ) . 
  put a `` home '' in front of `` country '' and it 's different again , and more acceptable to me . 
  still , calling it `` her country '' sounded pretty feudal . 
  i think the `` coming directly '' from your quote means just that , coming right over the border from the dangerous territory to where they `` should '' seek asylum . 
  no one who walked to ce came `` directly '' from such a territory if that holds true . 
  what 's awkward about that ? 
  just leave it man . 
  if an austrian or german does anything that even barely scratches someone of jewish belief or heritage they will be called a nazi . 
  true , but that depends of the size of the demonstration . 
  granted , 30.000 people is quite a lot . 
  what would the police do though if they hide their features ? 
  also not intervene ? 
  because that 's another law regarding demonstration that gets violated quite often . 
  why not ? 
  not really getting heated , no one locked caps  yes , i know what you pointed out , so did nanichtwirklich , the point that you apparently did n't get that racism on itself is not punishable but you still tried to bring `` examples '' of where it supposedly is . 
  reality ? 
  never heard of a finish stereotype , sorry . 
  if some of them would move a bit they could be way more symmetrical . 
  enter formation , people !, 
  i can officially declare myself a racist through whatever means possible , in france , and i will not !, 
  be imprisoned . 
  yes , it was obvious to you that you were talking about `` expressions of racism '' , hence why your were repeatedly asked to specifically name countries were plain racism ( not !, 
  a perpetuated crime that can be called racism ) is outlawed . 
  now saying , `` well that was obvious '' is immensely cheap and low . 
  namaste back to you , how 's the ganges doing ? 
  clapping and finger snapping right now !, 
  that 's not so much leaving out ( except the renn instead of rennen ) but more of a lazy enunciation . 
  `` er '' pretty much becomes `` a '' if you do since you make an `` a '' anyway when transitioning from `` e '' to `` r '' . 
  compare those with the totally random ones in standard english or french and it 's really not that much . 
  do n't worry , i have to admit i can enjoy it while thinking it 's rather meaningless at the same time . 
  really not that far from how it 's written , since after learning a few compounds you can really pronounce every word almost perfectly . 
  the problem is rather not so clear rules about emphasis , which make some words sound `` wrong '' if you do n't know where it is . 
  spanish is very good in that regard , mostly all words have similar emphasis , and those who do not receive a tilde . 
  takes a while to remember , but you get used to it pretty fast and the rules are universal . 
  why would you even compare colloquial british english and american english with colloquial german dialects ? 
  if you want to compare , you should also include english and american dialects , which are insanely different from each other , and are not that far apart too . 
  it does n't take a lot of kilometers to observe an astounding variety of english in gb . 
  also , since duolingo ca n't really prepare you for dialect , so again , german is a bad example since you ca n't learn the dialects anyway , and children in school use the official language . 
  exactly what i was thinking . 
  the real news and what their supporters are doing are so much more funnier than those comics . 
  there are not 80,000,000 irish abroad . 
  that number includes all people of possible irish descent leading back , as you said , to all the people ever leaving ireland . 
  if your great-great-great-great-grandfather was irish , would you call yourself irish ? 
  even though you are of mixed heritage and irish is quite likely the `` smallest '' percentage ? 
  i do n't know , i personally always found it supremely weird when some people say `` i 'm italian because my great-great-grandparents came from rome '' ... yeah , ok , sure jan. 
  nothing against the irish , seriously awesome people , but there are different ways of counting people 's spread . 
  ireland itself includes in their citizenship great-grandchilden , which is already freaking far removed , and that amounts to 3 million . 
  still an incredibly high number though . 
  good for you , the only irish i ever met were exchange students and some work colleagues in gb , the few pubs i went to over here had 0 irish immigrants as customers . 
  i get it that it 's nice and all , i just find i incredibly tacky and tasteless to celebrate a `` holiday '' that has nothing to do with you . 
  it 's like those guys wearing kilts to their wedding without an ounce of connection to scotland because `` haha , both wear a skirt '' . 
  more power to you for being irish of course . 
  thanks for the info , but the whole process worldwide makes me roll my eyes , sorry . 
  as you said , it is about getting drunk and having a good time , not much more . 
  i would wager that most of the countries displayed do not have a viable amount of people of irish decent , and also do not care about the irish . 
  it is a fun , commercialized `` holiday '' , like halloween , but not much more . 
  what , really ? 
  ok , cool . 
  bull dicks , but i only heard it used for dog food . 
  should be palatable for humans too , their testicles are a specialty already anyway . 
  a hearty , but slightly fruity one . 
  salty after taste is a must . 
  this fuels my exhibitionism . 
  i love having sex infront of windows that open up to beautiful vistas !, 
  remove that house and it would be perfect !, 
  you just do n't get it . 
  honestly , i was expecting you to make some far reaching connection to pkk or something like that . 
  do you really think all of your ministers have diplomatic immunity everywhere because they are ministers ? 
  diplomatic immunity comes from both sides , and you also should be a diplomat in diplomatic capacity !, 
  being a minister , for family of all things , does not make her a diplomat world wide . 
  please , is it really so hard for you down there to understand that ? 
  generally i would say not to indulge the troll , but your response made his/her post look stupid , so bravo !, 
  lol really ? 
  damn , i never noticed that xd, 
  exactly , especially because germany was `` region where german people live '' , which does not mean only germany as it is now , that did n't even exist then . 
  yes , i also think that austrians and swiss would not like to be called germans because the meaning now is too explicit .
