  your religion is part of your privacy , do n't force it on others by making it public !, 
  oh no doubt about it , you can claim whatever you wish since it 's more about correct terminology than anything else . 
  but there are official channels who 's stamp of approval carries weight . 
  like the irish government , for example . 
  emigrated irish people plus their children plus , under circumstances , their children get the irish nationality , the rest gets included under `` of irish heritage '' . 
  there is a clear difference between `` irish '' and `` of irish heritage '' though . 
  a more severe case would be if i call myself roman because i may be probably of roman descent since they had a settlement here , forever ago . 
  you can always call yourself what you want , but you can never expect someone to accept or respect that . 
  the burden of proof in that case is on you , so unlike with a degree , you kinda have no way of doing that unless the dictionary and other official sources change the definition of the term . 
  also , the '' * i would if i could get away with it * '' adds a certain amount of maliciousness to it in my opinion , which i hope was not intended . 
  not caring is cool and all , but that `` i 'm irish because my great-great ^ great ^ great grandfather is irish '' really is dumb . 
  like , would you call a burger patty * beef * if it only contained ~ 5 % beef , the rest pork ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  do n't ban the religion , ban certain practices that do not conform with modern societies . 
  for example not anesthetized shafting . 
  it 's animal cruelty , and religious freedom can not include that . 
  if a religion ca n't survive without practices that would need special privileges to survive , it should seize to exist . 
   you ca n't derail reddit thread , since comments actually build up into trees of themselves , so derailing actually does nothing . 
  i do not agree with that , since lots of pointless comments can make it harder to find the ones which do follow the thread , so it actually is derailing . 
  not that severly most of the time , but still . 
   when mere stated opinion is not argument for or against a subject , its a discussion opener for the subject itself on different perspect . 
  and it is also a whataboutism . 
  they , almost always , are discussion openers , which is why it 's frowned upon when you use them . 
  you take the focus from the topic away to a new topic , which `` derails '' the whole original discussion . 
  just because you give it a nice ring by declaring it a * discussion opener * does n't mean it 's not a whataboutism . 
   like i said , i did n't `` whatabout '' but i did try to open discussion in another perspective . 
  well , we have different opinions on that . 
  you may not have used the exact phrasing , but basically your argument was `` but what about them !, 
  '' , so it is the same . 
  the british public knows this ? 
  why then are some tabloids phrasing the most basic consequences as threats ? 
  why are some people acting outraged that , for example , the ema has to leave london ? 
  did n't davis even try to make it part of the negotiations ? 
  so yes , sending a clear message , again and again , is very much needed . 
  exactly . 
  apparently the general populace has to be reminded what all the consequences are , again and again . 
  even if that means the tabloids can spin some wonderful headlines that make it seem like brits are getting `` punished '' . 
  i wonder if someone tries to convince us that everybody in the uk knows the consequences and they do n't need to be told them ? 
  and you can bet that some will be shocked by that statement nonetheless . 
  shocked , i tell you !, 
  how can a `` mere stated opinion '' not be an attempt of influence with regards to the topic at hand ? 
  also , in that case your comment was the very first * derailing * happening here , even if you say that you ca n't derail on reddit . 
  s/he only ( rightly so ) called out your `` opinion '' as a whataboutism , which it is regardless if you call it an opinion or not . 
  also , `` ad hominem tu quoque '' applies when somebody would have said that you ca n't be right because you do n't follow the claims of the argument , which did n't happen . 
  s/he just said that what you wrote is n't in line with the discussion and just a whataboutism ( or * discussion opener * . . ) , but never that `` therefore you ca n't be right . '', 
  it 's not automatically an `` ad hominem tu quoque '' if your argument is criticized , that would make every discussion automatically full of them . 
  feeling unjustly treated and feeling victimized are reeeeally close together , so close they are almost twins . 
  might be difference of opinion and language , but some of erdogan 's rhetoric is totally `` i/we are the victims here !, 
  where is the ad hominem ? 
  did not attack you but your argument , so i do n't see the problem . 
  probably just confused , since your continuous whataboutisms are only strenuously related , at best . 
  of course , i totally forgot about the new us way of being a victim , especially how different it is now compared to obama . 
  yeah , you can probably see it in every country , but i ( personally ) would n't attribute it quite heavily to most of them . 
  single instances ? 
  sure , everyone has that . 
  almost continuously throughout the year ? 
  now that 's much rarer , especially if you only take into account high level ministers/presidents etc. 
  instead of every local politician . 
  i never said it is unique to turkey though , just that they are acting like that right now . 
  you can call it a lie of omission if you want , but since it was a response to forknee 's comment i saw no reason to count every country who could be included too . 
  would have probably been fairer , sorry for that . 
  well , there is a difference in recognizing it and subsequently teaching about it . 
  however you are right that it 's pretty disingenuous to have all that horrible history while not enforcing the schools to teach about it . 
  '' * totschweigen * '' is a valid strategy apparently . 
  no , not every country is as stubborn or petty as yours . 
  sorrynotsorry . 
   turks do not see themselves as victims . 
  i 'm sorry but that is a load of bs . 
  turks ; or at least their politicians , constantly see themselves as victims , belittled etc. 
  then you see newspaper articles about how bad , bad eu treads poor , poor turkey and whatnot , it 's getting ridiculous . 
  sorry , maybe not the people as a whole , but your politicians and your representation to the outside world comes off as `` feeling victimized/belittled '' all the damn time . 
  it 's become a joke . 
  not the whole of armenia , specifically the regions close to turkey , which sadly includes yerevan . 
  that also extends to the south of greece btw since you asked . 
  not greece as a whole , but places close the the border ? 
  nope , not gon na go there . 
  was pretty obvious that you are turkish , and i 'm glad that you realize that there are in fact multiple reasons not to visit turkey . 
  also no again , it is not `` because muslims '' . 
  could n't care less about religion as long as it is n't super fundamentalist . 
  where did i say that ? 
  where ? 
  you blew my comment completely out of proportion and now you are grasping for reasons to keep on hating . 
  and no , you ca n't even interpret my comment like that , unless you really want to , but that still does n't make it right . 
  you just assume it so you can be butthurt on the internet for no reason at all . 
  my goodness you are ridiculous . 
  seas . 
  hence why we are looking after our own and not bending over backwards for turkey . 
  neither powerful , influential not rich enough to push us in any direction . 
  it 's geopolitical positions is the only thing turkey has going on for it now , and even that is getting less important by the day since the fighting in syria ca n't last forever . 
  if that 's over , even the last `` trump '' erdogan has is gone , and then he will sell out to get good business with europe . 
  the beauty of this world is also so vast that i can happily visit tons of places before i ever run out of options outside of turkey . 
  it 's not a reasonable mindset , of course , and no i do not feel afraid here or in paris since i refuse to play into terror , but that does n't mean that those rationalizations do n't factor into a decision regarding travel . 
  so , unless i have to , turkey right now is off limits . 
  i do not want myself nor my money to be there . 
  about the not active war zone , i hope you also include regions with a travel warning that are not active war zones ? 
  just speaking for myself now , to me it is n't . 
  i 'm gon na avoid the whole region plus everything non-eu around it like the plague . 
  he is so blatant , and the majority in his country is so gullible it hurts . 
  joke of the century so far . 
  no offense , but nothing close to turkey can be declared `` safest '' now .
