  you should know that shouting '' * communist !, 
  * '' does n't lead to a knee-jerk reaction over here , so there is no point in using it to aggravate somebody . 
  it just does n't work . 
  lol what ? 
  no honey , the ottomans ( not turks at that time ) went back home . 
  they lost the battle , and did n't want to stay in that region for whatever reason . 
  austria-hungary choose people to live there again and that was it . 
  pretty simple actually . 
  oh please , your analogies are getting weaker by the second . 
  read up on danube swabians , then you would know that they were settled , by austria-hungary mainly , in places where there was nobody anymore , mostly due to the ottomans . 
  so no , they did not rent the apartment , they build it and lived there , then someone else bought the district and proceeded to be nasty throughout . 
   many of those germans lived there just because they wipe out ( ethnic cleansing and expulsions ) locals to make lebensraum . 
  this is so far from the truth i ca n't even . 
  i feel bad now for taking the troll bait ... 
  because they actually lived there first ? 
  so , you know , it was actually their house to begin with ? 
  instead of accepting them as a native minority , they were made into 2nd class citizens , so of course they help the `` enemy '' that actually treats them right . 
  it does n't , no , but on paper you are still a finnish citizen . 
  not every country is as `` generous '' with giving out citizenship as turkey is . 
  you practically just have to touch nasties with a turk and bam , turkish citizenship . 
  quite a lot of `` turks '' over here have never even lived in turkey , somehow they still want to vote though . 
  no it 's not . 
  yes , people will get poor because of austerity , but in the long run , a harsh lesson can be better for them . 
  otherwise , what exactly keeps you from spending and spending en masse ? 
  there will always be some reason to help your own economy , and you never know how the cycle moves anyway , so depending on the government , the spending wo n't stop . 
  enter downwards spiral till you ca n't anymore . 
  seen so often over the world , and people still think they know when to stop ... 
  eh , i would not have problems with it if we would n't be in a union with them . 
  but we are , so having countries which are notorious for `` over `` spending and a lack of fiscal discipline going back to * their old ways * is not how i imagine a good economy works . 
  we saw what happened in greece ( not the sole reason , i know ) , and italy for example was n't doing so well before it became part of the eu . 
  you can only devalue your own currency so much before it 's not feasible anymore , like what happened all the damn time with argentina and similar countries . 
  compare that to portugal which happens to do great under a more strict guideline and i know which economy model i prefer . 
  no offense meant , but lack of discipline makes anti-cyclical fiscal measures a real dangerous concept . 
  public spending is n't automatically * keynesian * per se , and i 'm not sure it would be correct to call it that way . 
  i 'm afraid without a strict eu these countries would adopt a pretty much keynesian system , totally ignoring how this influences behaviour and expectations while hoping that `` it sure will help if we keep pumping money into the system '' . 
  please do n't !, 
  actually a pretty cool spy thriller plot . 
  really looking forward how the automatic exchange of tax data will shape the finance sector in switzerland , gon na be interesting to watch . 
  er , yes ? 
  you ca n't just open a factory inside your apartment just because you own it . 
  there are all kinds of permits you need to have , and you wo n't get them . 
  problem with lots of stuff you could possibly do '' * with your own property * '' is that they infringe on other people , be it through sight , noise , smell etc. 
  why else do you think there are laws regulating for example the volume of sound you are allowed to emit in the night ? 
  in the long run , it 's so much better for a government to preemptively regulate people 's behaviour so we do n't end up suing each other all the time . 
  see , that 's the biggest problem with people who cry * muh property * , they somehow think that means they can do whatever they want and the hell with all the emissions they cause . 
  erm , no ? 
  there 's something called zoning which is a very useful tool to control where happens what in a city . 
  if your resident area does n't allow for hotels etc , you should be slapped with more than just a tax . 
  the standards are pretty low though . 
  it 's quite insane how many french students you meet all over the world whose english is quite honestly sub par . 
  after 8 years you should be able to expect a much higher rate of fluency , which sadly is n't the case . 
  nah , rather not . 
  esperanto has , for a `` designed '' language , way too many fails to be taken seriously . 
  they should put effort into changing it and making most of it really logical , with more people of different backgrounds so the current bias can be diminished . 
  true , but you have to take into account that not all want to vote anyway , which makes it easier again . 
  especially since the more '' * backwards * '' turk aka erdogan voters are more likely to live in bigger cities where there 's enough of them to have a functioning ghetto , and those cities do have access to embassies . 
   restricting it to just embassies and consulates makes it just about impossible to have a proper vote . 
  no it does n't , that 's what the turks in austria do . 
  unless you bar the entry to the embassy , you ca n't possible enforce that , so it 's mostly an empty threat . 
  well , true , in terms of transpeople you would need to include that somehow in the documents too . 
  it 's still handled by the government , through their own statistics agency . 
  pretty sure that your own government has all kinds of studies made every year that include the sex , like diversity in the workplace , university and school , or also quite relevant , which sicknesses are spread evenly , which are n't . 
  these and even more like them are quite important , since if the data says you have a significant difference where there should n't be one if both sexes are evenly spread , you can then try to find the reason and , if necessary , try to counter it . 
  the data is still handled securely , but it 's far more reliable if an official source can use official data of the whole populace when compared to researchers who have to gather the data and work with a much smaller sample size . 
  studies that use the `` whole '' populace as data size are pretty much always better than studies where that data had to be gathered firsthand . 
  but most documents are about the `` sex '' , not the `` gender '' . 
  maybe include an extra box to tick off your gender , but your sex stays the same , no matter what you might think . 
  for many studies regarding the public , `` sex '' is an important indicator , more so than `` gender '' , so why should you not ask for it ? 
  s/he just tried to make it about language , which the whole topic is n't . 
  you still convolute your timeline . 
  again , however '' * badly * '' junckers personnel acted afterwards by leaking it , that can not influence the talks that happened before that unless you allow for time travel . 
  it will influence future talks , sure , but why is that a bad thing ? 
  the people of the eu have a right to now what is discussed when , even if it leads to fearmongering like with ttip etc. 
  if may ca n't deal with being called out on her bullshit in talks and then in public newspapers , she should resign . 
  neither she nor the uk have any right to anonymity in that case . 
  by the way , it 's not like they livetweeted the talks or something , they just reported about it . 
  btw , where does that assumption come from that the talks should be a secret ? 
  makes no sense ... 
  you have a trouble with the timeline , apparently . 
  they did talk in private , almost completely , and then what happened was told the press . 
  it ca n't possibly affect the * meaningful discourse * retroactively , that does n't make any sense . 
  complete and utter bullshit . 
  you just project and assume , nothing more . 
  primary cause for wealth is the culture ? 
  what ? 
  can you cite anything , anything at all that supports this ? 
  you do know that democracy , hell even the word was not invented in gb , or any anglo-saxon country for that ? 
  by the way , try to figure out where the '' * saxon * '' in anglo-saxon comes from . 
  how ? 
  i was neither aggressive nor trying to incite any kind of rabble , just asking a serious question . 
  why are so many people here thinking it 's a sarcastic question , or laced with malice ? 
  why did no one so far give a serious answer ? 
  oh yeah right , because '' * duh , it 's so obvious i do not want to even answer you , but instead write how obvious it is * '' is so much easier . 
  hahahahah ... oh my god ... hahahaha you ca n't even answer the question , ramble on practically incoherently with weird * facts * while trying to be oh so sarcastic . 
  would give you gold , but nah . 
   germans could stand to learn a lot from british culture , too . 
  like what ? 
   a private citizen who purchases a business believing that law x wo n't change ca n't bring a suit against parliament based on promissory estoppel because parliament changed the law . 
  is n't that exactly what happens when a private person or company sues a country for damages because of a new law in an arbitration court ? 
  because even if they do n't always work , there sure have been cases where a country was sued successfully because of a new law .
