  pretty bizarre happenstance . 
  it 's actually more like 5 % , but just taking percentages is never the correct way , you should look at the spread of them . 
  in vienna , for example , it 's more about 10 % turkish people , which is hardly insignificant considering they are not the only immigrant group . 
  also , austrian `` culture '' thought it was a great idea to murder ... ??? 
  wtf ? 
  btw , regarding immigration , canada is hardly a country that is easy to immigrate to , far from it . 
  you have to be rich , healthy , educated and should have a hob already lined up before they even consider you . 
  canada is almost impossible to illegally immigrate to , and also not as desirable because why should you when you have to go through the usa anyway to reach canada ? 
  do you really think that it does n't matter what level of education immigrants have with regards to integration ? 
  your government knows exactly that it 's vital , hence them making it nearly impossible to immigrate to canada as a low level skilled worker . 
  yeah , yeah , a few managed , but those numbers are laughably low . 
  same with refugees , how can they even reach canada on their own ? 
  also a laughably small number canada took in , just saying . 
  except that 2nd generations do n't `` come '' from where their parents are from . 
  i agree with what you said , mostly , in that you should n't really forget your origin or where your family history started , if you can remember it . 
  but it really saddens and pisses me off at the same time if a person who was born here with immigrant parents considers the country where the parents are from `` more '' part of their nationality than the place they were born and grew up in . 
  i mean , you most likely enjoyed a better public health and school system and also likely a far better political climate , but you consider the country you visit once a year to see your grandparents more a home ? 
  fuck off , you do n't even know that country , you know it as well as a freaking tourist , probably even less so !, 
  that what aggravates me so much with so many turkish people , left forever ago because their country could n't provide stability and still ca n't , but oh my are n't we proud to have parents from there ... 
  well , the cultural difference between irish and british is minuscule compared to turkish/dutch . 
  i ca n't take turkish politicians serious , honestly . 
  always exaggerating , always taking umbrage when they `` feel '' insulted , it 's like talking to an overly macho man . 
  there has to be some underlying inferiority complex or something similar , or their understanding of diplomacy is just too fundamentally different to ours . 
  it reminds me of a skinny insecure teenage boy trying to be a hard ass gangsta to a grown muscular hunk of a man . 
  honey , you are not lying on the floor bleeding because the hunk tries to spare your ego , not because you are intimidating . 
  why does that austrian flag have that kind of red ? 
  thought it was latvia at first ... 
  what ? 
  that must be a mistake , * unzurechnungsf\u00e4hig * is totally ok to use . 
  first cougar . 
  yes , hence why i asked why ? 
  why is this not considered part of `` free speech '' or `` freedom of expression '' ? 
  especially because you said * of course not * , which kinda implies that it 's only logical that it is n't . 
  please explain why it is legally a threat , and why that form of speech is not considered `` free speech '' . 
  sorry for pushing you , but after so many usamericans coming here spouting how any kind of curtailing of free speech is unthinkable in the usa , i feel it 's only fair to ask one of you a very specific question on that topic . 
   there is no freedom of speech in ~ ~ eu , especially not in germany . ~ ~ * hungary * fixed that for you . 
  then please explain that sentence :  in america , any kind of impediment on free speech or freedom of expression is unfathomable . 
  in europe ( the actual continent ) , getting fined for petty shit you said on tv is ( mostly ) unfathomable . 
  how is that a threat ? 
  talking somebody into killing themselves is , as far as i understand the word , not a threat . 
  you do n't threaten them with anything , so how can it be one ? 
  because the law says so ? 
  hmm , why is that not covered under free speech ? 
  the bullying might have led to the suicide , but the actual deed was done by the victim . 
  with that pitiful response ? 
  please ... 
  how is dressing up as them with flag and shouting `` sieg heil ! '', 
  not glorifying fascist ideology ? 
  would it be ok if i wink each time i say it , you know , to make it * ironic * ? 
  the anime hetalia : axis power does a pretty good recap of italia 's fighting prowess ;d, 
  dude , me too !, 
  so looking forward to it . 
  and as i said , insinuating that the deals would be `` neo-colonial policies '' without anything !, 
  to back that up is sorta racist . 
  it also does n't really matter if you yourself claim not to be racist , that 's beside the point . 
  you do n't even know if this deal is `` unfair '' , so infer that it would be colonial is quite racist towards both continents . 
  feels like : hell !, 
  russian `` humour '' . 
  ^ ^ thanks for that . 
  i remember now something similar , in one of my investment courses the professor showed us how spread portfolios perform when compared to a simple marketportfolio over time . 
  not one was able to outperform it on average over 5 + years , which basically means on average , none of them were better than a non managed , very simple portfolio . 
  kinda sad actually when you think about it . 
  well , would the british be ok if the reverse happened ? 
  is fighters are considered terrorists by syria too , yes ? 
  so they committed a terrorist act in syria when they fought for is , yes ? 
  just as an example , what if a british/syrian was part of a terrorist act in gb , and syria revokes that person 's citizenship . 
  would that be acceptable too ? 
  now i 'm not trying to provoke here , but is n't that exactly what some countries were afraid of ? 
  exporting terrorists , so to speak , and then cutting them lose ? 
  exactly , if that 's what you call them , do it . 
  no need to grief over it . 
  about krugman , i wonder if anyone ever compiled a list of how many of his predictions actually proved ( largely ) correct . 
  i do n't follow him that closely , but it appears that a lot of his rants do not come true , at least not in the timeline he set . 
  his anti euro predictions are quite funny , honestly , because it shows his incredible bias . 
  it actually seems like he wants the euro to fail , and tries to help it along by creating negative headlines . 
  sorry but what are you trying to say , that nobody has a problem with somebody using danzig ? 
  read the comment i replied to , apparently some people do . 
  and that 's cool and all . 
  i probably should have said `` to me '' to make it more clear . 
  danzig is danzig * to me * , laibach is laibach * to me * . 
  i have no problem at all with how other people call these cities or regions , but it should also not be a problem that the ( not that ) old name is still in use . 
  i get that , but as the moderator rightly says , the reactions where towards erdogan , not the people , so why do they feel disappointment towards europe ? 
  ok , yes , there were n't that many positive vibes coming from the north , true , but most of the politicians probably tried to get asses the situation at hand before making a definitive statement . 
  putin congratulating erdogan right afterwards definitely was , in my eyes , much too early . 
  his reasoning is terrible . 
  `` you criticize erdogan so you criticize the turkish people !, 
  '' ... what ? 
  what exactly makes you represent your country then ? 
  if you discount origin and right to vote , there is not that much left . 
  where does reddit think that ? 
  there are hardly any comments here declaring how shocked people are about this . 
  dude , first you say there is no cost to it , then you say it 's not extremely high ? 
  might not like my answer if he calls me a bec !, 
  really ? 
  sorry , but danzig is danzig and laibach is laibach , what 's the problem with that ? 
  i 'm okay with that . 
  not even worth a mention here . 
  what poor intern had to write about this `` tragic story '' ? 
  seeds ? 
  i 'm neither a bird nor a horse , but a human who can balance a damn hot dog with my two functional hands .
