  i ca n't just call something `` pork sausage '' without it containing pork and not being a sausage , for example . 
  i can go around it by saying `` similar to pork sausage '' or something like that , but that 's it . 
  every year . 
  have n't been there myself , but it appears to be very nice . 
   anyway , how do you expect those hypothetical regulation to happen ? 
   the main problem is that it 's highly subjective issue , the governments have no means to decide what is ` right ' amount of sugar to make food taste ` proper ' ( ` high quality ' ) . 
  that 's the thing , you ca n't really measure quality mentioned in the article . 
  then copy the legislature of the country whose quality of food suits you best . 
  no offense , but the german laws are stricter in that regard , not really because they are such fine highbrow eaters , quite the contrary in fact , but because their ministry of health and other institutions thought it best to `` force '' the companies to make better food . 
  food is a category where totally free market just does n't work , since it 's an absolute necessity . 
  companies would just downgrade as much as possible , others would follow until the quality is equally low throughout . 
  that 's how you got such low quality food , the companies can get away with it , legally , and the incentive to better their products is probably too low to be worth it , unless you create a new category altogether . 
  exactly . 
  that 's the reason why some products in central europe have different , some might say better ingredients . 
  very strict laws regulate what is allowed in what quantities , and what name said product is allowed to have etc. 
  do people really think they would n't also have lower quality food in germany if they could get away with it ? 
  of course they would !, 
  but they ca n't , cause the law is pretty strict . 
  you better adapt your laws to help increase the quality of foods in your country , otherwise it hardly will happen . 
  i for example do n't want fixed standards in completely everything in the eu , no thanks , our legislature worked too long and too hard for it to see our quality of food brought down to some eu standard median or something like that . 
  your starting point is kinda twisted . 
  value is demanded , and whoever provides it gets the revenue . 
  of course some products are made before there was a tangible demand , but that 's just futurism , knowing which value will be demanded . 
  so do the blacks and whites in the us , but you still get comments about `` oh so diverse '' when a show includes a token black guy , even though said guy had the complete same upbringing and education as the white co-stars . 
  fake diversity that 's only skin-deep . 
  no offense , but fat guys with beards of similar ethnic background will always look the same . 
  pudgy face is a pudgy face . 
  even if you are being sarcastic , sometimes i really get the feeling that sjws , especially of anglican countries , have a whole other idea what diversity is . 
  take obama for example , yes it was amazing that they voted for a black president and all that jazz , sure , but what exactly makes him so different from a caucasian guy with good background and education ? 
  if you block out his picture and his parentage , his cv would probably not give anything away . 
  that 's no diversity . . 
  oh sorry , wrong comment : /, 
  sorry for being mean to you : / have an upvote !, 
   `` he said it 's a victory for good music in general and never implied that all the others were bad . '', 
  dude , that 's exactly what it implies !, 
  it 's like when a team wins a championship or something , then says the smartest team won . 
  oh no , we never meant to imply that the others are dumb ... hell yes you did !, 
  it 's your pretentiousness too . 
  `` only we realize the truth '' ... 
  it 's still almost always a few high/medium amount of points for your neighbours . 
  i 'm really sick of it , honestly , especially with north , east and south europe . 
  all the damn time , `` give your neighbours some points '' . 
  cyprus could enter a mute person sign languaging the whole shebang and it would get high points from greece , same with some of the balkans . 
  i love the esc , and i had an amazing time working and being there , but that shit pisses me off so much . 
  if no one responds to your joke , does it mean that nobody cares for it ? 
  why does everyone think europe is n't diverse because we do n't have that many africans and asians ? 
  we are already diverse , many different countries with different languages , cultures and heritages spread over a rather small amount of land . 
  diversity is more than just `` colour of your skin '' , heck i would n't call some communities in the us diverse just because they got some black people in them , since all of them grew up completely the same . 
  if your `` diversity '' starts and ends with pigmentation , i pity you . 
  he will be banned for life , not sure it was worth that . 
  moldova , italy and the netherlands are pretty cool !, 
  portugal is n't my cup of tea . 
  it 's that xenia knock off again ... 
  oh my god yes !!!!, 
  seriously , is a little fan service too much to ask for ? 
  even in eastern europe , the biggest fan group certainly is n't hetero men !, 
  sweden is fun !, 
  kinda tryhard with the diversity , but that 's ok . 
  my god the hosts ... 
  aha , ok , cool , but you know , the / s is kinda important , since without inflection and faces , sarcasm does n't translate as well . 
  dude , f !, 
  you for using `` literally '' incorrectly . 
  `` figuratively '' would n't work either . 
  hey , losing silesia was not totally her fault . 
  inherited a basically broke kingdom and immediately gets attacked , of course she lost land . 
  keeping it while not being able to pay for military would have been nigh magical . 
  maybe he ( or his staff ) did not make any complaint phone calls because the satire just was n't worth complaining for ? 
  to be clear that i mean someone from the usa . 
  `` american '' is too broad , since that 's just like `` european '' . 
  it 's fine when you do n't want to be specific , but otherwise naming the country is better . 
  if it does n't matter and i talk about someone from the american continent , then i call them `` american '' . 
  pretty simple and logical . 
  his name sounds like one you give the dedicated nerdy comic relief in a movie , and every time he says something extremely nerdy and off-topic the others go : * `` ugh , norbert ... '' * . 
  true queen of the people !, 
  and if it would lead to behaviour like that , we would definitely read about it . 
  no nobility is more powerful than sensationalist media . 
  so unless i read about similar cases , i will give them the benefit of the doubt . 
  no reason to think our aristocrats are like these just because both are of nobility . 
  have you ? 
  there are some who are pretty damn low , like that one who likes to piss on tents , but overall they are ok . also not talking about the low rung aristocrats but higher ups in royal houses . 
  i doubt you can find anyone who is like these precious ladies . 
  and no , i mean `` like them '' in a very direct way , not some bullshit `` he supports the saudi regime and therefore he is equally as bad '' kinda rationale , that 's not comparable at all . 
  it is not vengeance , it is not hate , it 's common sense with a heavy dose of smh and bafflement . 
  i know it was explained already quite often , but here goes again : she expected a brussels job while not having a eu citizenship quite soonish !, 
  i mean , i do n't like it either when companies want to know if you have your whole future planned and whatnot , but seriously , she would be illegible right after she starts working . 
  that 's like having a work permit that runs out next month while starting a new job for a year . 
  so no , her crying is not understandable , at all . 
  apply for citizenship , give up your previous one if necessary and then come back . 
  if she is still discriminated , then she can call it anti-british sentiment . 
  see , this is the difference between our royalty and theirs . 
  you just ca n't buy class , style , manners and etiquette . 
  it has nothing to do with money , at all . 
  even the poorest european princess would be `` better '' than these horrible beings . 
  why do we entertain them again ? 
  what ? 
  no one said you are nice little puppies , liking transparency also has nothing to do with being nice , at least not all that much . 
  of course they are capitalist , but capitalists also see opportunity in transparency and use it . 
  if you ca n't , your business was not meant to thrive any which way . 
  so are we , and lots of other countries in europe too . 
  that 's the kind of public spending that makes sense ( most of the time ) , better to invest there than in an overblown public service apparatus .
