  even if the data speaks for it , right now i would not feel safe there at all , sorry . 
  i do not get this joke : /, 
  seriously , aldo adige is austria whose inhabitants speak italian really well . 
  no no , we do see a negative image of him in our media , do n't worry . 
  the whole farmer 's business left a pretty bad taste over here , and the rest is n't so nice either . 
  do n't worry , i would n't want an orban governing us , no offense . 
  lol , how the hell do you know that ? 
  that 's super fringe !, 
  that 's an excellent point , very true . 
  eh , orban might be leaning towards russia , but at least he got things done . 
  not sure if all of them are good , but he is a `` doer '' , not just a `` talker '' like our esteemed leaders have been - . -, 
  is there actual proof that they are funded by the german government ? 
  if it 's private funding , there is not much germany or other western countries can do until they are put on some blacklist . 
  so again , if israel has a problem with them , they should use their laws to deal with them . 
  honestly , a ngo that keeps pestering the government and track about its shortcomings is probably annoying to leaders , but really useful to keep them grounded . 
  i doubt you want your country to become one that shuts down every opposing voice in the nation , because that 's what 's happening right now in turkey and other parts of the world too . 
  campaigning for foreign elections and visiting ngo 's are 2 different things , both countries actually have laws regarding that which have been applicable . 
  if gabriel would be going against any law , netanyahu would definitely say so . 
  but he is n't . 
  declare them terrorists and you wo n't have that problem . 
  just saying that they try to destroy israel is pretty much garbage , since there is no proof of that . 
  if there would be , gabriel might not care about them , but only netanyahu saying so without providing waterproof !, 
  evidence does n't mean much . 
  that 's a given , but there are non-poor countries with industry leading the list . 
  how about a pro-austrian sentiment instead ? 
  you know you love us , 
  and you ca n't expect our politicians to do as you please . 
  unless they are declared terrorists or enemies of the state , netanyahu has 0 business telling gabriel what to do . 
   israel is not in europe you cant expect us to follow european rules written for your needs in your far safer environment this is kinda ironic , since some people here always say that jews are fleeing europe because it is n't safe . 
  i get what you mean though . 
  of course there is a difference honey . 
  but you asked who gets to decide it , so i answered the question . 
  you seem to be confused ... 
  funny that you should write that , politicians in austria actually talked about that just a few weeks ago because it became a major concern in vienna , with all the demos , parades and what-have-you 's . 
  here 's an article talking about that , specifically about demonstrations and public speaking of foreign politicians , but it talks about other forms too : http://diepresse.com/home/innenpolitik/5187099/regierung-beschliesst-einschraenkungen-fuer-auslaendische?from=suche.intern.portal so regarding your questions , without pretense : the elected officials decide that , it 's law and that 's part of their job . 
  of course , a direct vote would be even sweeter , but that differs from country to country . 
  have you really never heard of the economical damage , severe or not , incurred by demonstrations and protests ? 
  really ? 
  funnily enough , until the refugee crisis , germany was foretold to `` lose '' up to 10 million inhabitants until 2050 . 
  now , if a lot of them stay and have families of course , it might even go up . 
  the amount of autochthon germans is going down for sure though . 
  scarf game is on fleek !, 
  who said major inconvenience ? 
  no one did . 
  talk with people living/working in areas that are prone to host protest , it starts to really cut deep into your pockets if you have multiple protests a year . 
  for shops in that area , it 's almost a day off because it 's just not worth it . 
  ^ ^ thanks , i should have looked it up , not really that outside of the box either . 
  depends on the age . 
  young guys are quite fit , the social pressure is so much bigger than it was earlier that you kinda feel forced a bit to not be too fat . 
  overall it 's not so good , the men are on average overweight or close to overweight according to a study from a few years ago . 
  funnily enough , the women are n't , they do pretty well . 
  i have nothing against bears , you can be a fit bear , which looks quite good on some guys . 
  no t no shade , but how has being overweight `` become a normal thing for men in the uk '' ? 
  no offense , but being overweight has been a stereotype for uk people since a long , long time . 
  ca n't be that new :p, 
  complaining about it on reddit is a form of dealing with it . 
  it 's like a protest , except it has not the potential to inconvenience anyone . 
  btw , other countries have bigger problems is such a nonsensical retort i ca n't even . . 
  how do you know it has no impact ? 
  if it 's an actual protest blocking the streets for hours , it has a very real effect on your life . 
  rutte, 
  :d thanks , we have that too : `` tragikom\u00f6die '' , which i was hinting at that . 
  i suppose * dramedy * has to suffice in english . 
  it is comparable , google clitoral hood , which is not part of the glans . 
  saw both , and in abundance * gg * south of england , in a club , probably only autochthone brits , and so !, 
  many !, 
  fat !, 
  people ! . 
  especially the girls . 
  jesus girls , fat in a tube dress dancing in the club was an experience to observe . 
  i do n't know if it was really them who started it , since the practice is older than dirt , but yes , i was referring to jews . 
  yeah yeah , an austrian criticizing jews , he has to be a nazi !, 
  the first one , yes , the 2nd one is new to me . 
  thank you for that !, 
  i honestly believe that , unless the religions in question change their practice , the us especially will not change their stance on it . 
  sweden actually tried it , but guess what they were called ? 
  the christians ? 
  i know the trolls from certain countries will downvote you , but you can write the name of the religion that 's really behind it . 
  btw , muslims cut little boy penises too . 
  men who had it done to themselves , who do not know better , who are uneducated in that regard and who also do n't want their son to be an `` outsider '' ... 
  there are many reasons , most can be called pure ignorance though . 
  there are so many dumb arguments made by circumcision fans , if it would n't be so horrible it could be comedy gold . 
  one of the worst , pointless and asinine was a questionnaire which asked mothers what they prefer aesthetically ... 
  i mean , what the fuck ? 
  thank you for that . 
  people seem to think there is only one way to circumcise a woman , which could n't be further from the truth . 
  it 's tragically funny ( there must be word for these 2 together . . ) that the aap is pretty outdated in that regard and was never really based on pure science to begin with , since the studies that show the benefits of a foreskin are quite new . 
  honestly , risking sounding malicious , i do not believe that the aap fully cared nor dared to condemn male circumcision since it 's part of the tradition and religion of many a people in the us . 
  so by not giving a concise answer but rather delegating it to the parents , they successfully maneuvered around a rather hot topic . 
  honestly , a doctor should know which benefits it includes and also what the real risks , or let 's rather call them detriments , are . 
  however , even doctors are not immune to being blind to their own tradition/religion , hence why i personally would n't fully trust a doctor who does n't condemn it . 
  it 's like with vaccination , there are some doctors who are totally against any kind of vac , even though they should know better . 
  edit : it 's also supremely weird that the aap does n't think it affects adversely the sex life , while the same is n't said about female circumcision !, 
  apparently , a foreskin is just dead flesh to begin with ... goodness gracious , sorry being offensive , but some of the aap conclusions are amateurish and clearly not made while having all the information . 
   sorry i dont know what it is like to have a foreskin , never really cared , i just assumed that it would trap more sweat/other things throughout the day than not having one , right ? 
  and that 's the sad part of it , you will also never know how it is with a foreskin , because your parents ( or whoever was responsible ) took that away from you . 
  that 's also the reason why the opinion of circumcized men does n't carry that much weight in that regard . 
  how can it , since they do n't know about it first hand ? 
  it 's like asking a blind person about colour composition . 
  recent studies have shown that the inner lining of the foreskin is the densest area of nerve endings , which makes it the most sensitive part of the penis , by a wide margin in fact .
