  if there ever was a win-more situation that is worth having , it 's your sex life !, 
  also , you absolutely can compare it to female circumcision . 
  there are less `` severe '' forms of fc that are part of plastic surgeries , and they are performed in the us as well . 
  on some responses here you can clearly see how well the indoctrination against fc worked , since people immediately go `` omg fc so horrible ! '' . 
  yes , it is horrible when it is actual mutilation , like those shard of glass stories you hear about . 
  but fc does n't automatically mean fgm . 
  that was my whole point !, 
  it seized/stopped to be independent in between , it was n't a sovereign nation for quite long while . 
  so , unless you can be at war with only a region of a country , a political entity which does n't even have the legal means to declare neither war nor peace , it makes absolutely no sense to count the years where montenegro was n't a sovereign nation . 
  well , i 'm not in germany anyway , so that may have been the problem . 
  it just was a rather charring experience , after not having a problem at all with my amazon deliveries having two in a row , right when the post was n't a partner anymore . 
  thankfully , after a certain amount of reported problems , they will change you back to regular post service . 
  serious question , do you guys think belgium would be better of without major institutions in brussels ? 
  i still ca n't believe that the heart of the eu is inside that clusterfuck , really ca n't . 
  was n't there a stable , also not important city available instead ? 
  `` it 's not how it starts , it 's how it finishes that matters '' dude , that 's what a guy with a very weak foreplay would say . 
  no one ever falls for that ... 
  how can it even count when it seized to be an independent country for quite a while ? 
  can you be at war with a region inside another country ? 
  dude what ? 
  that was the worst about the exclusive deal amazon had with dhl . 
  their delivery is utterly terrible . 
  which one of you jinxed it ? 
  of course it turned out like this !, 
  support for the sultan ? 
  all the plebs on the street . 
  support for peace/against terrorism ? 
  meh , ca n't be bothered , it 's ramadan . 
  yes , it is kinda unfair to expect people to use their off time for something like that , but you can and should be judged on the choices you make if you are someone who goes to demonstrations . 
  that 's what the absent muslims have shown us now . 
  not sure , probably depends on how european said colonies are ? 
  like , where they populated by europeans , do they still speak a european language , what 's the culture like ? 
  i would consider many south american countries and of course australia european , but not for example india . 
  but that 's just my personal opinion . 
  would be nice if the usa would be as harsh to their own companies as it is to others . 
  volkswagen gets penalized almost into oblivion by fucking around with software , ironically enough by a country which is n't known for sustainable use of energy anyway , while their own gm pays peanuts after faulty parts actively killed quite a lot of people . 
  there is a discrepancy here that 's staggering . 
   let 's just say that those who deal with these types of cases for a living have found it in the best interest of the parties and society in general to rely on importing a body of jurisprudence rather than doing mismatches that leave everyone in frustration and with unclear guidance as to what exactly they are supposed to do . 
  true , of course it is most important to handle a case about children with care . 
  however , the case in my obviously layman eyes does n't sound that much more complex than other similar cases without muslims , so i do n't exactly see why handling it with regular law leaves `` everyone in frustration '' . 
  are non-muslims left in frustration all the time too because regular law ca n't handle such a situation ? 
  i think not . 
   just one example out of plenty : the concept of kafala in islamic law is impossible to translate in common law as is . 
  say your nephew has come to the uk under your kafala protection , and their birth parents want him back in another city of the uk . 
  what are the precedents you rely on to sort this out ? 
  as far as i understand , it 's not impossible , just not practiced or `` allowed '' under islamic law , hence the workaround through kafala . 
  so it depends on if that nephew was also formally adopted or not . 
  my precedents would mostly be what would the case be if you disregard special cultural circumstances , and can they be applied ? 
  we had similar cases too regarding sharia law , and they depended on which citizenship the people had ( that 's true for every country of origin ) and if that law is n't in opposition to our understanding of law . 
  that does n't happen often , but i 'm quite sure that in a case such as this , sharia law would not be applied . 
  a legally valid will is a legally valid will , simple as that . 
   is satisfying for all parties involved , without burdening the regular courts with arguments that do n't make sense in a civil uk context . 
  how can that be measured ? 
  is there really a case the uk law could n't handle but sharia law ca n't ? 
  no , i do not mean with special caveats applied to them , i mean an actual case that needs sharia law ? 
  succession , divorce etc. 
  can all be solved by common law , successfully and satisfyingly . 
  yes , i still find it dangerous , especially when it comes to a case like this . 
  a person wants to use the `` supreme '' law of a sovereign country , something that should be no problem at all for a citizen , but maybe ca n't , because of some parallel societies law . 
  it kinda is though ? 
   the will of minorities to rule themselves and that those rights need to be protected . 
  why exactly ? 
  it should be applied case by case , there are dangerous customs and `` laws '' , like sharia for example , which can not and should not be allowed to exist semi legally in a country if they run counter to its laws . 
  just screaming `` minority '' should never be enough for anything to go over the law . 
  protecting minorities is important , but that is not a blanket statement . 
   milk however is a generic term what ? 
  since when is milk a generic term ? 
  it 's a super old word which had almost the same meaning since ever . 
  yes , there are some fringe usages , but that does n't make it a generic term at all . 
   us having such a benevolent welfare state . 
  `` us '' as in uk ? 
  i 'm not so sure about that , if you are already in germany , why would you want to continue on to uk ? 
  that one on the bottom left , creeping behind the trees ... 
  a toll system ( without a refund ) is one of the fairest ways of pricing public goods . 
  unlike generic roads , you can avoid the autobahn and still drive around as much as you want . 
  getting the costs back from the people who actually do use it is the most sensible way of taxation ever . 
  no generalization , ( almost ) not funding of a minority by a majority , what 's not to like ? 
  driving a car , especially on the autobahn , is still luxury , and there is no need for all the people to finance someones luxury . 
  dude what ? 
  of course the french are seen , at least partly , to be quite pretty . 
  not as stunning as other people though , but still good looking . 
  the stereotypes about brits though ... ever heard why brits likes sailing so much ? 
  well , turkey is n't really that secular to begin with , there are all kinds of problems with it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/secularism_in_turkey#criticism that 's just an overview , but there are a lot of articles out there who call out turkey for its bullshit secularism . 
  that 's what it got to do with it . 
  but then you eat right in front of somebody for a few seconds !, 
  so you switch sidewalks when someone comes ? 
  did you see the flair ? 
  it 's a matter of perspective , not really about thoughtfulness . 
  is my action inherently deemed `` offensive '' , then yes , be cautious . 
  that depends on the culture though . 
  to me and pretty much everybody of my culture ( some exceptions are possible of course ) , eating out during ramadan is not seen as offensive , neither is eating meat in front of vegetarians . 
  * in front of * does n't mean invading their personal space and chomping down on some nice pork right in their face by the way . 
  so no , eating out by my own has nothing to do with thoughtfulness to me . 
  was not talking about this case specifically . 
  my response was to a person who said that `` if you frame it as an opinion , you should be ok '' , which just is n't true because it always depends on the circumstances . 
  yes , and it 's up to the judges to decide if what you said is a * tatsachenbehauptung * . 
  context is very important , and most of the time you will get away with it , but not always . 
  there was this case where a policeman was called * spanner * due to him constantly observing the same house , which was deemed an opinion . 
  but it was made clear that this was due to the circumstance and the reason the accused had for calling the policeman said name .
