  i think you are mixing your stereotypes . 
  the former austrian monarchy was good at taking over parts of europe through marriage . 
  mostly without bloodshed , but still quite efficient though . 
  except for the rampant interbreeding in the later years ... 
  well , there is a lot of quite awesome literature to read , profound , deep and pretty amazing if you think about in what times some of them have been written . 
  that looks so steampunk !, 
  no sun ? 
  up to 38 \u00b0 celsius in the summer ( once or twice ) no , the stereotypes are build on observing them outside and after spending a few months in the south of england . 
  it practically proved the proverb of `` why the british were such good sailors '' ^ ^, 
  thanks , i do know how it is used , since i use it myself . . was just surprised the website did n't factor in the actual verb being used and how it is split . 
  even a literal translation should factor that in , unless you are trying to be cute and translate it like otto  by the way , i hope you do not mean that [ cloat !, 
  ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=cloat ), 
  it is ? 
  i have totally different stereotypes of them . 
  thanks for the info . 
  what 's the point behind that incorrectly translated sentence by the way ? 
  what program or website is that ? 
  why would it translate * vor * with * before * ? 
   the eu places more restrictions on what companies may do . 
  the us places more restrictions on what the government may do . 
  really ? 
  i find the ways the us government can infringe or violate privacy rights in the name of fighting terrorism pretty loose and non restricted at all . 
  pretty one sided article , and the headline is n't even correct . 
  his license for that particular place wo n't be renewed because the city tries to '' * beautify * '' the centre . 
  his lack of german made the politicians feel secure in their position and unapologetic about their decision , but he would have had to move anyway even with perfect german . 
  that 's also what i think , although i 'm not sure about the legalese . 
  why ca n't it be full part of gb and be a tax haven ? 
  would n't the problem seize to be one if gibraltar became a full part of the uk ? 
  then there would be no need for any extra contracts , since it would be just like any other uk region . 
  probably opens up another can of worms , but would take the air out of the whole argument . 
  would it be so bad for gibraltar though ? 
  who is shocked that they did n't manage to do that ? 
  honestly ? 
  not gon na lie , i clicked on it cause i saw the austrian flag . 
  awful , and quite possibly attempted murder . 
  i really do not understand the amount of famous cooks coming from gb . 
  no offense , but they are not known for good food . 
  might explain why jamie oliver and gordon ramsey cook so many mediterranean recipes xd, 
  they have been claims until you backed them up , until then they were * unsubstantiated * . 
  thanks for the links , very informative , although i really want to see new projections . 
  sorry for being a doubter , but the one about uk population growth specifically says that 51 % of it are due to migration , and i do not believe this still holds true after brexit . 
  this was made in 2014 , so of course they did n't factor that in , but it really interests me how those numbers are now . 
  the one about germany is very believable though , even if they are pretty severe . 
  the difference is almost like after a bloody civil war !, 
  come on neighbours , higher financial security should mean better sexy time and a better environment for raising kids , do n't be such prudes . 
  again thanks for the links !, 
  you are the one making claims , you back it up . 
  otherwise i am done here . 
  you have to compare the whole of eu with gb , since that is what op suggested . 
  which means no , gb does trump eu in that regard . 
  so will germany . 
  again , can you back anything up ? 
  i really do n't want to search myself and i also do n't want to take whatever you say just at face value . 
  but the same is true for gb too . 
  birthrate is below 2 , which means decrease in the long term , plus leaving the eu will decrease immigration too . 
  so i do n't see why gb should become that populated in the future . 
  again , where is the source for this projection ? 
  ah ok , so he meant `` most populated '' with `` top '' . 
  why so quick to rule out germany ? 
  there is still lots of room there , even if you have to settle for the northern windy part . 
   with us predicted to be the top population in europe and highly skilled workforce . 
  who predicted this ? 
  who is '' * us * '' ? 
  english has been recognized as the official !, 
  language in over 30 states , so yes , you do have an official language . 
  not everywhere , but in the majority of states . 
  well , that happens when your cultural identity is basically an almost amalgam of all the countries around you , without it ever becoming something new . 
  a real belgian identity that ** does n't ** rely on exclaiming if you are from flanders/wallonia would be really helpful . 
   its not an excuse , its explaining why he said what he said . 
  then it 's a shitty excuse * for him * . 
  girl , he did n't ask where * through * , he asked where * from * . 
  poland does n't export the gas . 
  honestly , gb never comes to mind with regards to awesome meat . 
  of course it is possible to find it , for a price , but the overall quality is n't that high in my eyes . 
  i have to admit , i did n't test it that rigorously , so that 's just a limited observation and * feeling * about that . 
   cadbury is a very bitter story for the british but it got taken over by an american company a few years ago oh my god , i did n't know !, 
  so sorry to hear that !, 
  i tested most of it in summer of 09 , so it was right before that apparently . 
  quite liked flake though , nice texture . 
  no , but the emphasis on * germans * is a pretty unnecessary descriptor if you are austrian . ( if . . ), 
  that depends . 
  how is your head ? 
   personal theory i think the germans ( or perhaps berliners ) are a lot more price-conscious so having high quality options probably does n't yield much more money , true that , they made a comparison study between austria and germany due to similar tastes but different markets , and one of its findings was that germans are very price conscious with regards to food , so higher quality but pricier goods do n't sell as well even in regions with high average income . 
  now with regards to britain , yes you can get a variety of different food , but the quality was nothing to write home about in my opinion . 
  especially some of the sweets were pretty disappointing . 
  cadbury is cool , but i believe if the british were less devoted to their chocolate it would have a much smaller market share , if not totally gone . 
  dude what , austrian bread is dark too , dark bread is pretty standard here . 
  exactly this . 
  some countries have harsher/more lenient standards of food , so of course the companies change the recipes according to it . 
  would be bad for business if they did n't , since that can affect the price quiet harshly . 
  so , if some countries think their food quality is lower they might need to start changing their laws instead of vilifying the producers . 
  * woosh *, 
  not a country , but southern england was n't my favourite . 
  the architecture gets old really fast , the food was n't good ( as expected ) and i have never seen so many overweight and badly dressed people in a club ever before as i have there . 
  * were expelled * is the emphasis here . 
  what keeps them from returning ? 
  i get it , there are special rules from country to country , so it 's a moot point anyway . 
  yeah no they are n't . 
  the shouting can be hot though . 
  not really , since the vote in bulgaria still does n't affect you directly .
