  lesbians and gays go together , plain homosexuals , and our strive for equal treatment and protection etc. 
  are the same . 
  bi people can go wherever they want , most already have everything secured already . 
  transsexuals could be separate from that , as you said it is not about sexual attraction but about gender identity , which goes together of course but is not the same . 
  most for what they are fighting for does not concern me in any which way . 
  that does n't mean that i want to exclude them on all costs , just that i do not feel any connection or shared purpose , unlike with lesbians . 
  honey i visited twice , once i 've seen basically everything worthwhile ( to me ) in 3 days , the next time was doing everything again but stoned . 
  visiting rembrandt museum slightly stoned is pretty awesome . 
  yeah , but i do think that was not what he meant with this statement . 
  wrong word choices and phrasing leads to unfortunate implications . 
  not too macho , but a bit too similar . 
  they all have basically the same face . 
  going of topic here , but i find the whole lgbtq acronym kinda pass\u00e9 . 
  i see him as part of gay history , nothing more . 
  did he specifically do something that included the other groups ? 
  i know it is , but in a case such as this it is hard to quantify the allure of a city anyway . 
  we will see how the numbers work out this year after the harsher regulations took effect , it will be interesting to see if it has any bearing on tourism . 
  the article you linked mentions it too btw , 1 in 4 is quite high , and it would n't surprise me if many people were n't honest when asked . 
  sorry but no , yes it would still be a unique place to visit , but not more so as bigger cities with larger , more grand historic sights . 
  the amount of day tourism or short tourism is really high , and i sincerely can not believe that it would be the same without drugs . 
  i myself was such a short term tourist twice , had lots of fun but would not have booked a flight there over other cities if i could n't have a smoke . 
  it actually is a huge money maker , which the states in the usa which legalized it not too long ago are realizing . 
  a whole new industry is forming already in the billions . 
  so yes , other places are following suit , just not here . 
  but i could imagine that , if for example paris/berlin/london would legalize it too they would drain a massive amount of tourists from amsterdam . 
  have to admit , i am shocked and aroused at the same time . 
  no , it might have been implied that having an outside force insulting you can have a uniting effect on the whole populace and be beneficial to whoever milks it the best . 
  some newspapers have been speculating how the whole erdo shebang helped in the dutch election , since the rutte handled it quite well . 
  makes people think that you do not need someone from the far right to deal with outside forces . 
  so yes , it could help the greek government . 
  a common enemy from outside of the country , especially a neighbour , can unite the whole populace behind the government . 
  it has some relevancy though . 
  nothing against amsterdam , but i seriously doubt it would rank in the top most visited cities in the world without coffee shops that sell drugs . 
  ** it is a beautiful city ** , do n't get me wrong , but in comparison to other big cities in europe and the world it would highly surprise me if it still would have that much tourism without drugs . 
  again , not my idea :d why does the eagle have to go somewhere ? 
  `` bundesministerium '' makes it already as official as it gets , the eagle is nice and all , but not necessary for that . 
  no one would memorize 14 different logos of course , but the once you frequently interact with ? 
  you would n't even need to put in effort , it happens on its own . 
  in my case i pretty much recognize the bmf , the bmask and the bundesheer just by their logos without reading anything . 
  like , if i would see it on a header without my glasses on i know which agency it comes from , even if i ca n't read the name . 
  so yes , a bit more individualization could make them more recognizable , i 'm just really not sure if it 's worth it though . 
  not my idea ;d not change per se but swap it with something more relevant to the ministerium . 
  :d it 's so broad but also specific too . 
  yes , make a logo out of it , smack the flag on it and viola !, 
  trademark it too so no company can use it too and after a while you will recognize each bundesministerium just by the last letter in the logo . 
  probably could make it super small too without being unreadable . 
  no , s/he meant ( i think ) to keep the flag colours but change up the eagle . 
  it is , but it can also be translated to personnel , so it has a nice double meaning . 
  exactly . 
  you do not know immediately what it is because you have to read the name anyway . 
  same for the austrian too , unless you read `` ministerium '' you just do n't know . 
  honestly a logo containing bm + first letter of the ministerium would be cleaner and possible more recognizable . 
  god no , really ? 
  i mean , he is nice and all , but he is too piefke to be `` one of us '' . 
  no one said you are n't , it 's just an honest and understandable mistake since whenever you read about his works you probably also get the information where he composed it , and it 's most likely vienna . 
  it 's like with scientist working at foreign universities and publishing papers , their birthplace is a rather useless information , but where they accomplished their works is n't . 
  to be fair , beethoven did a lot of work in austria , lived there for ( if i 'm not mistaken ) the majority of his adult life , so it 's kinda understandable to think he was austrian . 
  well , we do n't allow it , but it 's just not that easy to enforce . 
  you do n't really know who secretly has double citizenship , which makes the whole law against it kinda moot . 
  honestly , i think the german approach is better , since they probably knew it from the get go that you ca n't control it anyway . 
  but yes , you can blame countries for actively allowing their citizens to vote for other countries . 
  what ? 
  oh my god xd i thought the important part was hitting a face when you swaffel ? 
  thanks for the info , was told something similar years ago . 
  a flemish and a dutch guy once taught me some alternate meanings , especially in curse words , which of course were the most important differences to them :d sadly , i only remember `` to swaffle '' , which i 'm sure is not the way it 's written but well , you maybe get the gist . 
  that 's just awful . 
  wrong phrase maybe , nonetheless does this `` mistake '' make me ignore him and whatever he writes . 
  overly dramatic and maybe childish ? 
  yes . 
  do i care ? 
  as others have already mentioned , austria took on an incredible high number of refugees per capita . 
  saying it refuses to do anything helpful is asinine , stupid and plain wrong . 
  so discredited himself ( or herself for all i care ) in my eyes , i do not care about his further opinions , and i also do not care if he understands it or not . 
  seriously . 
  it reminds me of some countries where it 's sooo important that they have their own language , while said language is so similar to its neighbours ' languages it could as well be just a dialect . 
  damn that was fast . 
  elaborate what exactly ? 
  my god , he is like a posturing teenager . 
  `` alda , hassdu problem ? 
  that 's what i associate when i picture him `` threatening '' us . 
  just play the long game europe , ignore him , let him crash his country and above all , let his people see what his politics really entail . 
  we are under no obligation whatsoever to intervene and * safe them from themselves * until we are asked nicely . 
  if it takes him and his nation losing face infront of the world , so be it . 
  `` with hungary , poland , austria outright refusing to do anything helpful . '', 
  you disqualified yourself with that comment alone . 
  ca n't take you seriously at all now . 
  thanks for the link , honestly did n't realize how many buildings in that region ( besides the obvious mosques ) are of ottoman origin . 
  i do get that , we have similar procedures , though the bar for detainment , which is not arrest per se , is much higher . 
  i never said that it was invented in turkey , far from it , but still feel it 's important to specify that this is turkish law , not a general type of law similar all over the world . 
  yes , the article is about turkey so it should be clear anyway , it still looked to me like you tried to make it look like a `` general '' way this law gets applied to , which this clearly is n't . 
  i already had an interesting discussion with a turkish about how strict laws regarding `` insults '' can not collude with european ideals hence why they need to change if there ever should be a european turkey . 
  i know it is heavily implied , but i feel it 's important to add `` in turkey '' or `` turkish '' as descriptors , like `` they can take that person in * in turkey * '' or `` the way the * turkish * criminal justice apparatus '' etc. 
  how is that the wrong thing btw ? 
  all i 'm saying is that they did not fully connect it to him , so why are they already taking actions against him ? 
  which makes them even weaker than other politicians in comparison . 
  they should lower the bars on what they can take actions on , which right now is mostly national concerns , and not even that many . 
  of course austrians and swiss germans are germans , it 's been a descriptor for the descendants of germanians long , long , long before there was a germany . 
  as i said in another thread , it 's kinda sad that germany did n't come up with a better name for itself to be not so all inclusive , since it did n't incorporate all of the german people from the get go and was therefore not that `` correct '' . 
  spine ? 
  i hope your grandsons wo n't see the freaking audacity some turkish politicians have anymore .
