let 's not forget hayek , he also was opposed to marx and das kapital . 
  yes , please let 's not do that . 
  if everyone just argues with their very own definition of words we can just forget about having a reasonable discussion . 
  with that in mind , was the insurgency ever declared a war ? 
  then let 's not make something out of nothing . 
  terrorist attacks are not war , nor should they be compared with it . 
  what ? 
  i mean i do n't know exactly how they do it , but it 's not that complicated . 
  register the vote at the embassy or via post and count it at whatever date you set . 
  that 's how most voting systems work anyway . 
  why not edit your initial comment then ? 
  do n't delete , but just add to it . 
  right now , it looks like you are pandering to serbs while at the same time being ignorant to what you are saying . 
  have you ever seen a child of fundamentalist parents , who says ignorant stuff without knowing what it even means cause mommy likes it ? 
  it 's very that . 
  i was wondering who is '' * machine guns * '' , that 's an awesome name !, 
  and i 'm just asking how ? 
  it was explained to you how the process works , how exactly do you even `` ban foreign elections '' . 
  those citizens either vote by post , embassy or online , and unless you enact a curfew and imprison them it 's kinda impossible to enforce . 
   i 'm just saying that countries like the netherlands should ban foreign elections . 
  what the us does is their concern . 
  lol . 
  that country should do that !, 
  what this country does is their concern !, 
  double standard much ? 
  name checks out . 
  what caffeinatedt said . 
  us citizen can also vote while being away from home , should we ban that too ? 
  if so , how ? 
  turkish citizens in the us can also vote , are you banning that ? 
  again , how ? 
  well , it kinda is :p, 
   it is not myself but it does n't belong to society either . 
  it has rights for itself . 
  and this includes to make the decisions or to delegate them to other persons . 
  does rights are not inherent , they are given . 
  by the society . 
  while yes , a child can make some decisions for itself , but not in the same amount as an adult , which is pretty much universal . 
  this includes not being able to delegate decision making to whomever they want . 
  if the parents are unfit to care for a child , it will be provided for , no matter how much it wants to `` delegate '' those decision making rights to the parents . 
   and who should have the authority to decide that ? 
  society ? 
  child care services are a must for a functioning state but there are reasons for limitations . 
  sometimes they are wrong , sometimes they are correct . 
  i think that balance is endangered in this case . 
  kinda , yes . 
  without decisions taken by society or the government no amount of welfare would be possible , and that includes child protection and care services . 
  i do not think the balance is in any way endangered in this case since you have to weigh advantages to disadvantages . 
  a non-vaccinated child is unsafe for itself and others !, 
  that 's the biggest problem with it , not only is it not the parents suffering from wrong ( yes , wrong ! ), 
  decisions but their child , it could also harm another totally unrelated child . 
  if you have the power to prevent that as a state , why not use it ? 
  and no , i 'm not advocating for an authoritarian big brother government ... 
  comments like this make me so angry . 
  it is the absolute right , the very prerogative of a government/society to protect those who are unfit to care for themselves , and that includes children !, 
  so no , while doing it in a roundabout way through schools and such is a valid tactic , enforcing it is too . 
  as they themselves wrote , as soon as the `` level of enlightenment '' is high enough , such methods are not needed any more . 
   but it is important to not have the state meddle in self determination regarding health care . 
  the problem just is n't there . 
  your child is not your self !, 
  it is not a property , not a slave etc. 
  you got loads of rights regarding your own children , but they are not and should never be infinite !, 
  if , through research and whatnot , your methods are deemed unfit , you either adapt or lose the child , full stop !, 
  it is very much important for a state to meddle in the health care of children . 
  i do n't get why this even needs to be discussed . 
  stop projecting yourself on your child dear parents !, 
  spain is so beautiful !, 
  that 's just wrongly assigning ethnicities . 
  it 's like calling an english irish or usamerican . 
  granted , calling us prussians is a horrible mistake . 
  again , what ? 
  no they do n't , it 's the common heritage we share since we are germanian descendants . 
  that 's all , no hate about it . 
  this is an example what happens if you put `` religious freedom '' over the personal rights of kids . 
  same problem with all fundamentalist religions basically , and i do not understand the mindset that thinks keeping ancient customs alive in the name of religion is the right thing to do . 
  really not that hard to do . 
  look at the laws you have , is any `` religious custom '' infringing upon them ? 
  yes ? 
  would changing the law be for the worse ? 
  yes ? 
  so do n't change it , keep it as strict and tell the hurt group to adapt . 
  christianity also had ( or has ) some ridiculous customs which changed over the centuries , why ca n't they ? 
  why not force them to be better ? 
   i said unfortunately if you get into military alliances with prussians see : 20th century ( although obvious prussia was n't called prussia by then ) , then do n't complain if their stereotypes get projected onto you . 
  that makes no goddamn sense . 
  military !, 
  alliances let social/cultural stereotypes bleed over ? 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  so many different countries , kingdoms and whatnot have had military alliances in the the 20th century , do all of them go together now for you ? 
  good recap though , unnecessary but pretty ok overall . 
  gurl what ? 
  i do not understand what you are trying to say : /, 
  no it 's not , it 's just not correct , that 's all . 
  goodness , this sounds like [ another lame battle about another rock . 
  ] ( https://satwcomic.com/epic-battle ) ok , gibraltar is not as lame as hans island , 
  i 'm sorry , but i find it a very sensible notion for a state to be able to identify people . 
  it 's called prevention , and there is nothing inherently wrong with it . 
  no , it 's not criminalization from the get go , just a rather well observed `` fact '' that some crime depends on the situation . 
  if you know in advance that you could be filmed and identified , you will be less likely to commit petty crime .
