  that 's another interesting field . 
  not sure about the the wind power , but dedicated research in solar power could be tremendous for greece . 
  it 's uniquely placed in the eu to be an exporter of solar made electricity , just like the northern countries are good with wind power . 
  i have no reserves about importing electricity if it comes from renewable and sensible sources , if technology permits of course . 
  you are grasping , reaching or whatever else . 
  by the way , read the initial comment and the follow ups again . 
  if you only believe what you see in person then i ca n't help you anyway . 
   can you really tell me that it has n't in the recent decades ? 
  it has n't , hence why our parades are not associated with communism , at all apart from some confused usamericans apparently . 
  by the way , the ** not necessarily ** only meant the amount of soldiers , not the hardware . 
  the size of the parade is , logically , related to the size of each countries military . 
  why would that be a problem ? 
  more transparency is always nice , and since pasta is basically processed wheat , why not show where it comes from ? 
  it 's the same with showing where your processed meat or tomatoes in the pasta sauce comes from . 
  canadians being concerned about transparency ? 
  i 'm not sure , but i fell that this should be ironic . 
  that 's the whole point of the argument against that stupid reasoning of belushka !, 
  exactly . 
  the repercussions and waves throughout the eu would also be quite severe . 
  just opting out of one of the core principles would make other countries want to do the same , while some would want to get rid of a different principle etc , which would mean the end of the eu . 
  it really is as close to an `` all-or-nothing '' deal as it can get . 
  the oprah incident was just a diva moment , and of course people like to cry `` racism '' because oprah happens to be black . 
  the clerk did not say that oprah could n't afford it anyway , she also did n't imply it . 
  that 's exactly the type of bullshit `` racism '' story that make me weary of all of them . 
  erm no i do n't . 
  you should know that military parades with soldiers ( not necessarily a thousand ) and hardware is a very old european tradition , especially in former monarchies such as austria , long before there ever was such a thing as communism . 
  so no , it is not a strange thing to see in the west , unless you really think the west revolves around the usa , their customs and sensibilities . 
  which is a rather childish notion . 
   your words , not mine . 
  what ? 
  the guy/girl i initially replied to said this , read the comments !, 
   the day you see tanks , rockets , and crap like that in a parade here is the you know that something has gone very , very wrong lol , so planes , ships and soldiers are ok , but god beware you add tanks , oh the horror ^ ^, 
  do n't call chartreuse strange , it 's beautiful !, 
   the scale is not comparable to marching thousands of soldiers with equipment through the streets . 
  the blue angels are cool and all , but you wo n't find a person in america who considers this to be a parade . 
  entertainment , pr , something like that . 
  fleet week ... i honestly think many people who do n't live near the coast do n't know that it 's a thing at all , but again , it 's not something we 'd consider a parade . 
  i guess the scale matters a bit , but you now , depending on the parade , it 's smaller anyway , like the early pride parades . 
  if the intention is to parade in a group , officially sanctioned nowadays , maybe even with an appropriate holiday to back it up and bam !, 
  parade happens . 
   really , none of the people marching in those parades have anything to do with ireland of being irish ( high school bands , prominent people in the community , sponsored floats ) , but they 're present anyways . 
  if you 're lucky , you 'll have someone ( usually a priest ) actually from ireland , but that 's about it . 
  more than anything it 's to put on a show . 
  well , that 's cool and all , but if it 's to put on a show and to fluff it up , i find it even more disconcerting that an usamerican calls a military parade on a military holiday '' * in bad taste * '' , while having parades with almost random soldiers in it at the same time in his own country . 
  different opinions and culture i guess , but not making the connection seems odd to me . 
  excuse me , but why are they not comparable ? 
  you are also `` parading '' planes on an airshow , and you are also `` parading '' ships when they show in a harbour/canal/whatever what they can do . 
  parade does n't mean `` boots on the ground '' per se . 
  also , why add soldiers to a parade that has nothing to do with the military at all . 
  it might not be a purely military parade , but it still partly is , especially when there is next to no connection . 
  i mean , st.patricks day and parading soldiers ? 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  green uniforms ? 
  true , and i 'm glad that he did . 
  apparently , he was a real `` rather him than the others '' kind of guy , which is a rather ingenious position to have in a vote . 
  of course it can be said , why the hell would n't it ? 
  it 's not like d-day does n't get a lot of recognition already , deservedly , so they are celebrated anyway . 
  you should watch fleet week if you can and find it interesting , it 's the closest you can get to watch them `` in action '' if you are n't in the military . 
  of course it was a recruitment thing , if they are `` supposed '' to show their stuff they might as well advertise . 
  i 'm just glad it does n't happen more often due to it being quite costly , but it 's probably not necessary since compulsory military service shows you already a lot . 
  might be more interesting for women though . 
  as it should be , even if what came afterwards was a mess on its own . 
  the soviets sacrificed a lot of soldiers to keep the nazis occupied in the east while d-day commenced , imagine if they only had to defend one border instead of two . 
  the landing would never have worked without the soviets . 
   thoughts ? 
  do n't really care , at all , but : have you really never seen a military parade in the usa ? 
  you have them , quite frequently , all over the country . 
  there 's fleet week , where planes and ships perform , you got a whole squadron who train for aerial display , not military tactics but what looks good , there are teams of every major branch who perform parades all the time , etc. 
  it might not be a holiday , but you got shitloads of days all year round where you get military hardware and soldiers paraded in front of you , not unlike soviet russia actually . 
  about bad taste , i find constant military display not connected to a national holiday in incredibly bad taste , since it 's basically just a zhooshed up recruitment event that costs a lot of money . 
  what do you mean answer ? 
  yeah it 's a persiflage , so what ? 
  still a relevant question to ask ( at least the first one ) , with a rather interesting answer . 
  did n't they already answer that question ? 
  many of his voters wanted to prevent le pen , simple as that . 
  he actually did n't have a lot of true believers , people who said they voted for him because they really want him . 
  well that 's weird , thanks for clarifying . 
  that 's basically what i meant with `` openly '' , you phrased it much better  that 's exactly the problem with housing/real estate/land property , it ca n't work in a non regulated totally free market because that 's just not possible with them . 
  for example , you got a very real hard border with the m ^ 2 that are available , you ca n't just `` make '' new land and enter the market as a competitor . 
  the inner city is as big as the inner city is , it probably wo n't get bigger in the near future , so that already prevents a free/open market to work . 
  then you got the longevity `` problem '' , especially with land . 
  it does n't depreciate , at all . 
  it 's like gold or other resources like it , except that you ca n't `` flood '' the market by making/excavating more . 
  really complex subject , and i 'm not at all a fan of too much regulation , since that can be highly detrimental too . 
  but like with hotspots , there is almost nothing a private person can do to influence the market profoundly . 
  i really would like to be able to increase the supply of m ^ 2 in any major city by offering new land , but alas i ca n't . 
  i think an old rabbis lips are pretty non sterile enough . 
  overvaluing is kinda the nature of the game with property markets , since on its own it ca n't be handled openly like other goods and services . 
  without government intervention , most city properties will be overvalued sooner or later . 
  depends . 
  there are fc treatments that are quite similar to mc in severity . 
  not all fc is done with razor blades or glass shards . 
  ugh , that whole article is so badly written . 
  of course you get rabbis and whatnot cry '' * antisemitism * '' , as they always do when they feel victimized . 
  so glad that it looses its edge with each passing generation ... for real though , this has nothing to do with jews per se , it just happens to also include them . 
  the world has worked very hard to improve ethics and morals one step at a time , and `` humane '' treatment of animals and protecting integrity of body and mind of all people are part of it . 
  so , dear jews and other cults , if some customs of yours do not measure up to our ethics and morals , the problem lies with you !, 
  was it your comment that got removed ? 
  otherwise , who are you ?
