  not under promissory estoppel , but something similar . 
   it feels like their imposing their past traumas on their child in way ... 
  true , but it would be the same if they constantly force their rose tinted view of their former `` home '' onto their children . 
  some children of immigrants whose parents fled because their country was/is a complete shithole have astoundingly positive views of said country , even if they enjoy every luxury over here that they could never have had over there . 
  i find that absolutely horrible , more so than shittalking your former country if it was , in fact , shit . 
  hence why i find some of the erdogan supporters in my country to be the absolute scum . 
  enjoy a better , yes better life than they could in turkey , their children basically living without fear and next to no suppression of any kind , but still saying how awesome it would be to go back and blablabla . 
  this is the kind of 3rd + generation i feel sad about , getting drilled by their ( grand ) parents to love a complete fantasy while being disconnected of their actual home . 
  the awakening will be gruesome but hopefully purging as well . 
  dude , he just explained it . 
  lying by omission is a bias unto itself . 
  `` just '' reporting what one side does/did is bias . 
  it 's like when you only report about crimes committed by finnish people and leave out the rest . 
  `` just '' reporting it , right ? 
  culture is more than ( slightly different ) languages and dialects . 
  you can break down every country and it 's language into different dialects and languages if you please , that does n't say much . 
  did n't she move the election ? 
  why would she do that if she knows that she ca n't do anything during election season ? 
  what ? 
  it 's just statistics henny , lots of stereotypes are just accumulated observations , with a hefty touch of bias of course . 
  if you are a swedish policeman , and you are involved with solving crime that overall mostly has people of arabian descent as culprits , it would be pretty stupid not to adjust your behaviour accordingly . 
  that 's not racism per se , just pure hard logic . 
  if most of the people who commit crimes are shifty looking people of foreign descent , you will start to check more shifty looking people of foreign descent , even if it 's just some kid who looks like that as a fashion choice . 
  yes , profiling is horrible , but it 's part of the job . 
  you should not only catch criminals , you also have to prevent or deter crime . 
  of course , some peoples feelings get hurt , but if 1 in 10 shifty looking guys was illegally armed or whatnot , you did your job , and that 's so much more important than hurt feelings . 
  it 's easy to call them far right , racist or even nazis , but are you really gon na disregard all their observations made over time ? 
  the statistics speak for themselves , and they do not care about being politically correct . 
  was n't it also blocked because wikipedia made it easier to queston erdogan 's degree ? 
   i was just a bit confused when the author of the original article in this post was using words like `` massive rise [ ... ] by foreigners '' , ** which creates a general impression on the reader , that all foreigners allegedly tend to be terrorists ** , which is untrue . 
  does !, 
  not !, 
  stop with that insipid idea that only mentioning foreigners in an article such as that tries to create an impression of any kind . 
  it 's just data , and a newspaper should include it unless the data is protected , like their names for example . 
  the public has a right to know which background these people have , and that 's what they are doing . 
  stop projecting your own thoughts and agenda onto them !, 
  that 's nice , thanks for the effort , still not sure why you keep harking on his `` future prominence '' . 
  op never said he will be prominent , or anything like that . 
  but you are n't correct . 
  as many have stated , * prominent * has nothing to do with a bright future ahead . 
  i do n't know why you keep repeating that phrase , are you perhaps confused ? 
  your issue clearly is * pettiness * . 
  was n't it mentioned that is not , in fact , law ? 
  btw no law was ever sacrosant , that would be an absolute disaster . 
  hence the `` no sanction '' argument . 
  dissolving is not much of a punishment . 
  i ca n't say i get it , since to me there is n't that much difference between both cases . 
  but sure , it is easier for a caucasian guy to say he is irish than for the same guy to say he is nigerian . 
   same goes for white people that are 1/16 part native american who look exactly like what hitler had in mind in terms of racial purity claiming to be native american and acting like they are the inheritors of the injustices done to the native americans . 
  oh my god yes !, 
  another case where i ca n't find the source , but was n't there some campaign going on with all kinds of people going `` my culture is not a costume '' , with a fat white girl with freckles holding up a picture of a native american ? 
  she probably was 1/64 , or even less , and even though i have 0 relation with that culture or anything else that picture annoyed the hell out of me . 
   the only people that do n't understand this are the ones who appear confused when someone here says that they are irish-no one seriously thinks that they are irish citizens . 
  how would you know that ? 
  you could have irish ( grand ) parents if you say you are irish while your flair is something different . 
  it 's as you say , nobody can know . 
   it looks that way to you , but there 's no inquisition into the matter over here , so no one has to prove anything . 
  that 's how people can get here can get away with claiming that their ancestors were on the mayflower , fought against the british , or were part of whatever historical event you want to bring up . 
  no one 's questioning it . 
  not saying there is or should be an inquisition , but i highly doubt that everyone also just swallows it as truth . 
  i ca n't find it right now , but there was that one youtube video about black lives matter where one guy said he actually is black , since his grandmother is ( he looks tanned white guy ) , and the black woman laughed at him and said no he is n't . 
  so yes , people are questioning your `` identity '' if your claims sound ludicrous . 
   incidentally , burgers that are part pork and part beef are fairly popular here , so i think most people really would n't object to calling it a beef patty with pork mixed in . 
  `` made with real beef '' is how you would label a patty with 5 % beef thanks i know , that 's actually what i was going for . 
  it 's just a difference in calling things , and i really do n't want to be anal about it , but if we delude the actual meaning of words too much it will become harder to talk with each other since we do n't have the same definition . 
  yes , way too dramatic , but i hope you get what i mean . 
  there is nothing wrong in trying to get where a person is coming from ( and in subsequently correcting them/getting corrected ) to avoid miscommunication . 
  btw , we also like it mixed , either in burgers or other ways . 
  50/50 is the way to go , 
  horrible person . 
  can i be honest ? 
  if the core of the eu would not be stationed in belgium , europe could also do very well without belgium . 
  i found it especially laughable that the de facto capital of the eu is in a country that had a friggin 4 year political crisis . 
  i know those things are totally separate , but it was kinda hilarious . 
  the * government * of the eu in a country that ca n't govern itself ... 
  sorry for attacking belgium , was n't meant to be insulting . 
  sorry for the victim complex , it 's a sore spot in our otherwise good history with the eu . 
  it depends what you mean with response . 
  le pen openly threatens to leave the eu , so the `` response '' will be to accept that if the people wish so . 
  well , they were `` political sanctions '' in 2000 , when they preemptively punished the government for having a coalition with the rightwing fp\u00d6 under j\u00f6rg haider . 
  the weirdest thing was that they did it right away , before anything even happened , out of fear of what could happen . 
  was very shady , but of course you can do it with a small member state . 
  doubt that anything like that would happen with france under le pen , even if she is as worse as haider ever was . 
  i doubt that the french even remember that they too implemented these sanctions at that time , or else the irony might kill them . 
  i wonder if the eu would sanction france the same way as they did austria if le pen wins ? 
  probably not , because france ... 
  sorry , but the term `` non-conformist '' is so goth/metal/i 'm - am-so-different !, 
  it makes me cringe :p, 
  it 's such a incredibly difficult topic . 
  on the one hand , choice of clothing is personal and should be protected , on the other hand it is not too hard an assumption that the women in question are n't doing it completely out of their own free will . 
  a banning in the workplace , public servant or private , however is totally legit . 
  you already got a dress code , and unless the dress code breaks any existing laws banning all kinds of head garment is completely acceptable to me . 
  for example , if my business included uniforms with a certain hairstyle , i would expect my employees to wear it exactly as i tell them too . 
  it 's a uniform , it 's important for branding , and therefore i ca n't make exceptions . 
  if it 's more important for you to wear a certain headpiece , then you should keep on looking . 
  this is especially true with public servants . 
  ours are n't allowed to show allegiance to any religion , therefore ca n't have special allowances for any religious reason per se . 
  i find those people who are asking for it insufferable . 
  i do n't care for your feelings , identity or whatnot , your job is paid by the government , hence the people , and we do not want our !, 
  servants to show any kind of religious symbol obviously .
