  did n't you start the ad hominem by attacking juncker ? 
  whoopsie , honest mistake , sorry . 
  good grief you are delusional . 
  no wonder poland has such a shitty government with voters like you . 
  what ? 
  your flag does not check out apparently , exchange it with `` under a rock '' . 
   claims like atat\u00fcrk 's mother was a prostitute can not be left without a punisment . 
  why ? 
  because you are so font of him ? 
  where is the line drawn exactly ? 
  every present and past leader is exempt of being insulted , including all their family members ? 
  his mother was no one important by the way , not even if you make her out to be retroactively . 
   you sometimes see turks in the west make a big deal about feeling insulted . 
  people usually do n't care . 
  this , so much !, 
  especially their politicians , they elevated acting like a victim/feeling insulted to a new artform . 
  it 's amazing to see how many different things trigger them . 
  same goes for a lot of their people , the machismo is real and incredible laughable too . 
  when did i ever insinuate that ? 
  when you start seeing things while trying to read between the lines you need to see a doctor . 
  ps : abusing quotes like that is really bad form . 
  you could have just put it in quotations marks or italics instead of making it look like somebody actually wrote that drivel . 
  why ? 
  what has the urgency to do with anything ? 
  you can still call it a problem by being more specific , you do n't need to add the word `` mutilation '' to it . 
  i 'm not against calling it that per se , just that double standard that exist between mc and fc . 
  just saying , there are many forms of fc , hence why comparing it with mc is applicable . 
  having a threshold where it becomes mutilation is semantics , to me all kinds of circumcision performed on a minor are mutilation , no matter what some fucked up religions call it . 
  tell that to millions of boys who get circumcised . 
  it 's all a matter of how severe the operation was . 
  there are fc which are comparable to mc , and they totally are allowed . 
  apparently some pornstars like to get some `` vaginal rejuvenation '' later in their lives , 
  it 's the same in other languages too , and like people already explained here , the eu punishes its member states , not only the government . 
  so no matter how they want to say it in polish , the action would be against poland !, 
  all of it . 
  thank you for posting that . 
  it 's astounding how often turkey is called a secular country . 
  apparently , we really do need a very precise and concise definition of the word `` secular '' , or else it 's pointless to even use it if every damn country has its own interpretation . 
  pretty cool !, 
  ca n't unsee the bulbous dildo in the albanian flag though ... 
  dude what ? 
  you thought it looks nice ? 
  same can also be said for london , there are `` cheap '' bars too . 
  hence why i said you probably have two bar experiences and compared these two with each other . 
  that does n't make your initial statement any more true though . 
  m\u00fcnchen is quite old on average , it has some of the problems london has too , on a smaller scale . 
  lots of rich people who can create new demands which needs to get fulfilled , so the average price on basically everything rises . 
  if you start out in m\u00fcnchen on an average salary , you might not be able to afford as much as in berlin right now . 
  not sure if this will ever change , since berlin might have a nice startup scene , but munich has the high profile tech sector , which pays better . 
  dude , do n't !, 
  unless you get provided some good sources , they are just stories , so no tyl . 
  lol what ? 
  do you have credible sources ? 
  because the disparity between average income of people from mexico city and london is staggering !, 
  https://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?country1=united+kingdom&amp;country2=mexico&amp;city1=london&amp;city2=mexico+city&amp;tracking=getdispatchcomparison according to this page , beer is about 3 times more expensive in london than in mexico city , so you either chose the most expensive bars in mexico and the most `` affordable '' one in london for your comparison , or you might misremember . 
  dude , are you really falling for the propaganda ? 
  first of all , commemorating a failed `` coup '' is kinda laughable on it 's own , especially after only 1 year . 
  second , the `` coup '' did n't even happen in austria , so why the fuck is there an `` event '' ? 
  sometimes listening to turkish politicians is like seeing a twilight zone episode . . 
   and by the time ppl get around to commenting there is invariably one good discussion lost somewhere and a bazillion comments which add nothing up top . 
  exactly that would be even more exaggerated if the people who do vote comment instead . 
  imagine for every vote a corresponding comment , that 's when we really hit a bazillion . 
  i would rather `` just '' vote than needlessly inflate the comment section by parroting somebody else . 
  but i agree , another type of voting would be appreciated . 
  well yeah , central europe of course , but sadly they do n't have that category . 
  of course it 's not a problem , a lot of companies and ngo 's in austria have their focus on c&e europe . 
  labeling regions is not pointless though , it makes it so much easier to have statistics that are n't always split up into every country . 
  you can always dig deeper anyway , but if you just want to see the difference in public spending for example in the north and south , you need regions for that . 
  those labels still have meaning , no matter how different all the single countries are . 
  well then advocate for it , tell it to your politicians or somebody who could make it work . 
  i can only guess that the invisible line they would draw would be austria/hungary , and even though czechia is right north to it , the shared history with slovakia would probably push both countries in the same group . 
  i doubt they would declare slovakia `` western '' , so putting czechia into `` eastern europe '' is for lack of a better term less offensive . 
  where would you draw the line , geographically speaking ? 
   voting is supposed to work for highlighting contributions to a discussion regardless of presented opinion , not promoting view points . 
  says who ? 
  i did n't read the guidelines , obviously , but that sounds rather strict and needlessly narrow to me . 
  if i think your post is valid and informative , you get an upvote . 
  if i agree with your post or share your opinion , you get an upvote . 
  more than one voting category would be nice , yes , just like facebook did . 
  like/dislike and agree/disagree for example would be quite useful . 
  post visibility could then be based on `` agree '' rather than `` like '' , or 50/50 . 
  yeah no , that 's a qualifier which does n't factor in that much probably . 
  might be a bit unfair , but slavic and former ostblock countries are just not seen as western . 
  east germany gets the benefit of the reunification in that case . 
  why are downvotes so wrong ? 
  it shows quite clearly how many people do not agree with a viewpoint without having to write a counterpoint that 's already there again and again . 
  in my opinion , it 's one of the best ways of declaring a shared/opposite viewpoints without spamming a thread with similar opinions . 
  upvotes/downvotes are much better than writing `` agree/disagree '' if your point was already made by somebody else . 
   serious posts get serious treatment , not serious posts get the not serious treatment . 
  that wordplay kinda got out of hand . 
  removing non serious posts is serious treatment . 
  so a few mistakes make everything else wrong ? 
  that 's a rather harsh and probably not very satisfying way to view anything in life . 
  it 's not solely a geographic distribution , but also a geopolitical one , so of course austria is part of western europe since they do not have a `` central europe '' category . 
  yes , czechia could also be considered western europe in that case , but apparently slavic countries get lumped together . 
  ca n't say if that 's wrong or not though . 
  well , according to the un statistical commission , it is . 
   we always feel excluded from the europe by the western nations , but we feel 100 % european since we are . 
  excuse me but why exactly do you feel excluded ? 
  yeah , how exactly do you define `` more violent '' ?
