  it does n't mean that you can go around and say `` i think you are a * spanner * '' to a policeman without getting punished . 
  http://at.galileo.tv/life/meinungsfreiheit-vs-beleidigung-was-ist-im-netz-erlaubt/ just in german , sorry , but some cases there are examples of * opinions * that can be construed as defamation . 
  especially in germany or austria , calling someone a nazi is n't really nice and definitely lowers their social standing . 
  thank you , that 's a very good point . 
  if you want to be a successful international businessman , you better adhere to european standards of clothing and behaviour . 
  wear a suit , shake hands , etc. 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's already defamation . 
  `` i think/in my opinion xxx is a nazi '' is pretty much the same as saying `` xxx is a nazi '' . 
  you ca n't have an * opinion * on facts or information . 
  you can make a guess , but that 's not an opinion either . 
  i feel you : /, 
   one is a neutral state next to switzerland and liechtenstein . 
  what ? 
  why should that help ? 
  austria has loads of neighbours , real landlocked neighbours not just `` our ocean borders touch each other '' neighbours . 
  not to say that our neighbours are n't cool and all , but i highly doubt that switzerland or liechtenstein are such good deterrents against one or more of them becoming aggressive . 
  very nice , although a bit cluttered . 
  he probably has to remove the pictures to open the cupboard in the back though xd, 
   only wear a suit if you have to . 
  its a workwear , not fashion . 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  yes , wearing it for the lulz might be a bit overkill , but a snazy suit looks good enough for going out too . 
  personally i do like traditional suits , and if i ever can afford a custom one i will buy one , but i would really love if men overall tried to be a bit more daring with their suits . 
  it 's supremely boring when `` best dressed vips '' are showing wearing a traditional suit in mute colours with traditional bland shoes . 
  expensive as hell , sure , but also very boring . 
  understatement has its place , but good grief some people manage to make thousands of euro look tired . 
  some , sure , but really all of them ? 
  i wonder if boat traffic and its emission factors in a lot or not , since that 's what bothered me on mediterranean beaches the most . 
  thanks , that 's why i was a bit confused first since i though he 's called governor , since it 's not a sovereign nation anyway . 
  did n't even know that there 's a catalan president ... 
  greece really surprised me , would not have though that it places so high . 
  probably all of 2 people who get offended by your comment , or what else do you mean ? 
  the whole situation ? 
  :d thought so , maybe they are dungarees . 
  thank you for pointing out the ironic joke in the comment , captain obvious !, 
  was he in the leather scene ? 
  those pants look like they are ass less :d, 
  funny that you mention styrian  exactly what i meant though , they are basically dialects , clear variants of a common language , but still call themselves `` language '' . 
  well , bosnian kinda has to fight for it , but it still applies to all of them . 
  ok , cool , thanks for the info . 
   no idea what you 're saying here , my point is , that you could ask me about different things and we 'd agree to 99 % what 's respectable and what is not . 
  reasonable expectations , like not talking while the teacher is talking . 
  how many people do you think would agree that not shaking hands is disrespectful ? 
  very few . 
  even if it were 100 % , why make it law ? 
  i literally ca n't figure out how anyone can say that it should be illegal to not shake hands . 
  apparently , the people of swiss do agree that not shaking hands is disrespectful . 
  not a whole lot of people compared to the world , but only their country matters , so it 's definitely not a few . 
  maybe they made it a law to enforce it ? 
   trump is not miffed because the germans do n't have much love for big american cars , right ? 
  you sure about that ? 
  no honestly , do you really think he knows about which cars sell in germany ? 
  exactly , and we call it that . 
  german . 
  of course it has its variations , but it still german . 
  just like american english is still english , and so on . 
  i was alluding to some slavic countries whose languages are so similar to each other that it takes next to nothing to understand another `` language '' , but they still got their own name and are considered a `` language '' in their country at least . 
   not shaking hands with a teach and not talking to teachers is quite a difference , but even then , it 's not illegal to refuse to talk to a teacher . 
  no one said anything about illegal , that 's a rather strong word to use . 
  but by not talking to a teacher you would get in trouble since it 's hard to get a grade then . 
  would n't it be unfair if that boy ca n't get an education because of that ? 
  the school could help out by getting a male teacher . 
  by not doing that , they would hinder his education , which is a rather hard fine in itself . 
   reasonable expectations , we all know what it means . 
  not greeting back is disrespectful everywhere , so yeah , you know exactly what i mean . 
  your idea of reasonable , but maybe not theirs . 
  i very much doubt that you had no news in sweden about boys of fundamentalist upbringing refusing to speak with female teachers . 
  what makes it reasonable to expect them to adhere to these expectations anyway ? 
  do n't call the fiesta an `` american car '' . 
  it was conceived for europe and mostly build in europe , you could n't even buy all the models throughout the years in north america . 
  it 's also important for some countries to even have a national identity . 
  the amount of `` languages '' who are barely a dialect from some other language is quite high to be honest . 
  then you should think about if you want to stay here . 
  i find the notion that the accepting country should change to cater to your whims extremely offensive . 
  another devil 's advocate example from the real world : we had cases where the father refused to talk with the female teacher , and told his son to do so too . 
  should we accept that behaviour ? 
  would n't it be harmful to the poor , poor boys education if we failed him in all the classes with female teachers since he never gave any answer , even when asked ? 
  again , where do you draw the line ? 
  what behaviour is acceptable , and why ? 
  the swiss defined it themselves , which is their right to do . 
  we have the right to criticize it of course , and they have the right to not give a shit about it . 
  they have another way of defining `` reasonable amount of respect '' , they shake hands . 
  by not doing it to a selective group of teachers , you are showing disrespect . 
  you can take it further , some of the more fundamentalist wo n't even talk to female teachers . 
  should that be respected as `` religious freedom '' too ? 
  where is the line to draw , is it the high amount of punitive damage or the principle of it ? 
  you said you never disrespected your teachers , what does that even mean in your case ? 
  would it be disrespectful if they greet you , but you do n't greet back ? 
   except i did n't really , because i was only commenting on this specific handshake case and not religious freedom in general . 
  then why only mention religious freedom in general ? 
  your comment was n't specific in that case . 
   i do n't really understand your reasoning here . 
  it 's fine to refuse to carry out a tradition on the basis of religion , but not ok to refuse it when the tradition involves physical contact with another person ? 
  what if the teacher felt personally disrespected ? 
  depends on the definition of disrespect , of course . 
  doubt every country has the same though . 
  it 's not so much the act of physical touching that 's important , but the way respect is shown . 
  if that is their way of being respectful , not doing it no matter the reason is disrespectful . 
  of course , it also depends on the reason why you ca n't do it , like you have no arms or something , so it 's a matter of case by case . 
   yeah , but there is n't , lol .
