  anyway , if someone does n't want to shake hands with a black person that would be supremely shitty and racist . 
  but the government still ca n't force physical contact . 
  i wrote interact to keep it broader than just shaking hands . 
  the government can very much force or fine you if you want to be racist , like for example an employer not taking on any black people regardless of their proficiency since `` no interaction with black people '' . 
  also , it would very much surprise me if it would be ok if it was the other way round , like for example a dean not shaking a black students hand on graduation or something like that . 
  probably gets fined and suit within the very day . 
  that 's pretty sensible . 
  would be awesome if you can code drop down lists onto every country so you would n't have to scroll through a whole bunch of flags . 
  the different flags are very interesting though . 
  have to take a closer look , saw the austrian flair and ran with it . 
   things like not touching the opposite gender does n't affect anyone other than the person making that choice , so i do n't know why you are comparing it to banned practices ( like fgm ) that are completely different . 
  i compared it ( not really though , but since you mentioned it ) because your comment made it seem as if `` freedom of worship '' needs to include every aspect a religion has , which it does n't  why should n't you be able to do whatever the fuck you want as long as it does n't hurt anybody ? 
  well , you could say that it `` hurts '' somebody , since showing disrespect is kinda hurtful . 
  yes , weak argument , but unlike the pork comparison , shaking hands is an interaction with another human being , and being selective about that is hurtful . 
  let 's say there was a religion that would n't allow you to interact with black people ? 
  ( yes , extreme , but still similar )  edit : and for some reason , i suspect that if an atheist student in the us was fined $ 5000 for not standing during the pledge of allegiance your reaction would be different ... 
  it would be , since the pledge has nothing to do with people . 
  i would not respect his decision though if he chose to be racist/sexist in his or her behaviour though . 
  pretty sure where ever you are from , disrespect towards a teacher can get you into trouble too . 
  you got a very idealistic idea of what the press does . 
  not saying that it 's wrong , but the press very much does not report everything and anything they hear about , even if it 's newsworthy . 
  they have more than just the responsibility to share information . 
  it 's called payment , depending on what happened first . 
   not even about that , why would someone be legally bound to shake hands with someone at all ? 
  apparently it 's their way to show respect to a teacher . 
  so naturally , not doing that is showing disrespect . 
  what 's so hard to understand about that ? 
  body integrity is not violated by handshakes , unless you get a serious disease from it . 
  `` unimportant '' to us it might be , to them it is n't . 
  by the way , freedom of worship is already limited , since not all religious traditions of the world are acceptable to perform everywhere , not even in the most liberal country . 
  freedom of worship per se does n't include all customs you can think of , but more that you are free to worship , so to speak . 
  these kids do not get hindered in their worship at all , they can still do so . 
  funny that you mention bodily integrity , since some religious customs quite fiercely violate the body integrity of children . 
  what supersedes in that case ? 
  body integrity , or freedom of worship ? 
  if you allow freedom of worship as a `` do whatever the fuck you want/get out of jail '' card , your society will lose . 
  that 's interesting and all , but more importantly . 
  how the uck did you get a flair for lancashire ? 
  kinda , but merkel did not try to emigrate to saudi arabia , so that comparison is pretty weak . 
  tourist ( or visiting diplomat ) / = resident . 
  because their culture is important , and it 's up to them what exceptions can/should be made . 
  you got leprosy ? 
  fine , do n't shake hands . 
  you got a screwed sense of gender equality and therefore wo n't shake hands ? 
  `` the public interest concerning gender equality as well as integration of foreigners far outweighs that concerning the freedom of belief of students . '' this is , by far , one of the most sensible things some politician could have said . 
  trump claps back : '' yes we can ! '', 
  how about a little bit more `` honesty '' , dear newspaper `` reporters '' , by leaking the names of said blabbermouths ? 
  if the agencies do n't know already , they sure would be grateful for the names . 
  i did not say nor insinuate or whatever that he said brits are not european , that 's not what i wrote or meant . 
  take it in another sentence : '' * even if i am different to other people , it does n't mean i 'm not human . 
  * '' of course , this is not a literature class , but some phrasing has more than one meaning . 
  in that example , it puts both parties into two groups , the person saying it and all the other people . 
  the other people are generalized , while the person saying it clearly distinguishes themself from everybody else . 
  yeah yeah , that was clearly not what s/he meant , but it 's not that outlandish of an interpretation . 
  before somebody , yet again , says that s/he meant brits are european too , yes , i know , and i never said that the did otherwise . 
  i did say that there are quite a lot of ( supposedly ) brits here clamoring all the time how they are n't / do n't feel like europeans , and i would really appreciate it if some other brit would call them out on their bullshit . 
  kinda ironic coming from a german , good joke !, 
  you would already cover some ground by owning a fault without alluding to soviets , russia or any outside force as being partly responsible . 
  `` yeah , shows that we have a long way to go . '', 
  would have been enough . 
  cool , i wonder if u/ayenotes reads this ? 
  since , according to him , not even 5 % of brits see themselves as european ...  even if we are different to other europeans it does n't mean we are n't european , whatever is british is also european by default . 
  my god , i know you did n't mean it that way , but it totally sounds like `` we are so much more different than other countries '' , which is incredibly arrogant . 
  good grief , i never implied that uk is n't in europe , just that this post has barely any content or info . 
  btw , you might want to talk to some of your brethren , since quite a lot of them ca n't stop repeating that uk is n't european , or at least alluding to it . 
  dude , that 's not what i meant . 
  it 's just a very empty post , akin to a `` vote ! '', 
  poster . 
  why is this posted here ? 
  yes , europe , but still , not like there 's much content going on . 
  is the public school system really that bad ? 
  i mean , i 'm no whiz at geography , far from it , but not knowing which continent you are on is really bad . 
  dude , he or she is a troll . 
  do n't feed them , just watch his or her price purchasing power get smaller in comparison over the next years . 
  ^ ^ i know , it 's so weird though . 
  that phrase is kinda heavily used by british , but not so much ( in my experience ) by the irish or icelandic , maltese or people of cyprus . 
  that phrasing is so odd . 
  so people in the uk dislike the uk too ? 
  since they are european ... 
  dude , where was my mistake ? 
  uk has more games per user , share of total games and active gamers than poland . 
  basically every data is higher for the brits , so again , what do you mean with `` not really '' ? 
  because it 's just 0.6 percentage points difference ? 
  that still a lot of players , plus the uk players have more games than the polish ones . 
  how about you explain yourself clearly and concisely instead of trying to be all vague and condescending , mate ? 
  that depends . 
  not everything is regarded as a `` religion '' , even if it is in other countries , especially when it 's about different branches . 
  since even the heads of the moderate islam stated countless times that a full veil is not part of islam ( or their version of it ) , we have no reason to accept it as such . 
  there are so many reprehensible `` religious practices '' on this planet , it would be horrible if we allow them all because of `` religious freedom '' . 
  i 'm glad that this is not the case , that you ca n't just use it as a blanket term and be done with it . 
  what do you mean , not really ? 
  according to the list you linked to , polish gamers have about half as many games as british do , and more british users overall . 
  maybe because poland is a much smaller market for steam so it is n't worth it `` accepting '' their currency ? 
  do n't really know , but sounds sensible to me . 
  thought so too , the bias is also clearly visible . 
  did the author try to appear sophisticated while he or she clearly is n't ? 
   prices on steam are actually already the same for all eu ( except uk for some reason ) . 
  because uk does n't have the euro , that 's why . 
  probably was almost the same when they priced it , but exchange rates are not static , and changing the price all the time would be way too complicated . 
  that 's a genius idea !,
