  kinda sad though that the bridges are more colourful than the houses in the background : /, 
  carbs are also very filling , easier to buy and cheaper on average . 
  italian cuisine ( lots of carbs ) is not only healthy , but also pretty affordable and easy to make . 
  like ? 
  and why was it a scandal ? 
  granted , every society has different morals and ethics , and therefore also different standards in what constitutes a `` fit parent '' . 
  i might have an authoritarian streak , because i find the rather * strict * legislation in my country regarding children pretty good , could be even more strict . 
  protection of children , especially since those early years are so formative , is in my opinion so much more important than the feelings of the parents . 
  i remember a case in germany where a family emigrated to the usa because they were n't allowed to homeschool their child as they wanted to . 
  so tragic , poor parents , mean government , but wait !, 
  turns out they were fundamental christians who wanted to exclude basically everything that did not agree with their worldview , like evolution theory or how the universe came to be etc. 
  not sad to see them go , but sad for their offspring . 
  that 's the problem , it 's not so `` easily '' as you think it is . 
  if you want a good accurate measurement , you will also need to check body fat , muscle mass etc. , and for these you need either special scales or other equipment . 
  that cost money and time , with time being the biggest issue here . 
  most doctors are already pressed for time , now add extra ~ 10 minutes or more to every patient just to accurately check the weight and it gets even worse . 
  not sure if the payoff is worth that . 
  it depends on how far you take child protection . 
  do you find only this special case troubling , or taking children away from their parents in general ? 
  because child protection extends towards everybody , including the parents . 
  unfit people should not raise children , even if they managed to procreate successfully . 
  lol what ? 
  `` dear minister , i really need to see that brazilian fart porn . 
  for science . '', 
  seriously , which region are you from ? 
  i know it 's anecdotal evidence , but in my time over there plus meeting many exchange students i have met soo many fat british people it 's not even funny anymore . 
  ranging from chubby , fat and going to be obese sometime soon . 
  exceptions were mostly children from immigrants , which should not come as a surprise . 
  dude , how are you even going to get these measurements ? 
  you can enforce it , sure , but that would cost a whole lot just to have statistics . 
  people who do have health problems get measured anyway , since they tend to get all kinds of health problems . 
  sure , japan does it somehow . . 
  very poor cuisine in my opinion . 
  i have seen that in the south of uk , sadly . 
  little quiet town , nice beach , basically 1 or 2 street lights . 
  lo and behold , a whole shop that sells these little scooters you can sit on , and a whole bunch of fat retired people blocking the sideways with them . 
  i really would like to see the statistics for that city alone , probably through the roof !, 
  thank you !, 
  that low carb/keto thing is really getting traction , for whatever reason . 
  again , what had his job to do with his brexit engagement ? 
  nothing , that 's what . 
  you try to make subversiveness sound like a regular democratic procedure while it 's anything but that . 
  dude what ? 
  you can make changes from the outside , you do n't have to be `` part of it '' . 
  the whole brexit move was an uk thing , he did n't need his brussels job to advocate for brexit , unless you suggest that using money from that is ok . all the stuff he said during the campaign was freely available knowledge , misinterpreted and chopped together for the chavs of course , but still , it was n't `` inside knowledge '' . 
  so how the hell did his `` voice get heard '' through his brussels job ? 
  my god he is raging and avoids giving answers at all costs . 
  he really thinks there wo n't be consequences regarding borders ? 
  it worked in 1914 too , what the hell is that comparison even ? 
  dude no !, 
  it 's like advocating against brothels but visiting one cause you still got membership there !, 
  it 's again an example of cherry picking , with an extra of two-facedness on the side . 
  no you do n't . 
  there are n't that many official !, 
  `` nuances '' to most of the words . 
  colloquial yes , but that 's true for basically every language on this planet . 
  i 'm not an expert , nor especially read up on this subject , but are n't european agricultural standards way more strict than us or american ? 
  a huge part of the struggle with ttip was the fear of inferior/more genetically modified/heavily dosed produce . 
  also , our water is n't treated very heavily . 
  a bit , yes , but heavily is very much exaggerated . 
  so it would be ok if one of the anglosphere countries would be poor as dirt ? 
  an average person does n't get enough vitamin d ? 
  just had recent talks with pregnant women , one of them a doctor , and they were told to take vitamin d supplements since they could n't go out as much , but they were a special case . 
  soil is ruined ? 
  what ? 
  where ? 
  s/he did . 
   which many vegans also supplement , including myself i 'm not against supplements per se , but i would rather eat food that has what i need instead of taking supplements . 
  takes out all the joy of eating . 
  reminds me also of those dystopian futures where basically everybody eats supplements/concentrates since that 's cheaper to mass produce . 
  regarding your second point , of course it leads to a more informed decision about what you eat . 
  that 's also another point against supplements . 
  if you would have a really thought out diet , you would n't need supplements since almost everything we need can ( and should ) be eaten . 
  exactly . 
  it needs to be fast , secure and as save from bureaucratic bullshit as possible . 
  just imagine the very first brexit years with unsure handling of import export . 
  then you got not such a good guarantee as in the eu that the tariffs will stay the same . 
  makes planing for the future a nightmare , in a rather fast moving industry no less . 
  great read , but something stood out . 
  you take supplements . 
  do you think taking them is a healthy way of living , or are you just making the best out of your situation . 
  personally , i could n't do supplements if they were necessary because my special diet creates deficiencies . 
  it 's sounds pragmatic , but still very elitist and a bit racist too . 
  furthermore , it 's kinda a nonsense notion , since the immigration laws would have to be based on something else , not only being part of the commonwealth , or else the countries left out would rightly be pissed . 
  exactly the same as an austrian , dutch looks like mock german to me ^ ^, 
  you might have a different understanding of * ambiguous * , which makes talking about it kinda difficult . 
  i do understand your point , but that sounds really elitist . 
  why not the other countries who are part of the commonwealth ? 
  are n't they supposed to be `` near '' equal partners in that regard ? 
  you basically excluded all the poor countries , was that the reason for your choice ? 
  looks like cherry picking to me - . -, 
  sorry for not providing a free source , and in german , but that 's where i read about it . 
  http://diepresse.com/home/wirtschaft/verbraucher/5173104/schmecken-mannerschnitten-im-westen-wirklich-besser it talks about mannerschnitten and other products , and how they are different in hungary , check republic and slovakia . 
  manner proved them wrong , since they only have 2 small factories and are unable to produce different recipes cost efficiently , since changing batches costs a lot of time and money . 
  coca cola for example said the recipe is the same as in the usa or spain , but different for central europe . 
  nutella is more fluid in france than in germany . 
  they also admitted that it depends on where it is produced and how they can produce it there . 
  of course you ca n't demand of a producer what exactly his recipe is , but you can regulate what is used . 
  as i was told here , there was a veritable war between kraft and spanish chocolate producers over what constitutes `` chocolate '' . 
  you can `` change '' recipes by allowing/forbidding certain ingredients with regards to a product range , and through that you get a higher quality .
