  yeah yeah , indirectly it can affect you , but that 's also true for almost every person living around bulgaria . 
  so no , again , why should you vote ? 
  really do not understand this mindset at all . 
  * just the tip * he said ... 
  germany : '' * do n't care , i am prettier . 
  the * full proof * irony snatched me bald :d, 
  and belgium be like : '' * hey guurls , hope you do n't mind that i brought a friend , hihi . 
  luxembourg be like '' * hey girls , thanks for inviting me !, 
  * '' and italy side eyeing her like '' * who this ? 
  oh that , well that 's already what happens to a certain extend , i thought you were mentioning it because australia has something like that in place ( with quite a lot of leeway though ) . 
  sorry , i 'm kinda slow today , but what approach did you propose ? 
  you mean voting in your country of origin if you are not a resident there ? 
  why would that even be necessary ? 
  well , it 's german for rice , 
  well honestly , what more do you want ? 
  lifelong voting rights ? 
  they have to draw the line somewhere . 
  why are you out of luck in canada though ? 
  would n't you be applicable again if you move back to canada ? 
  does n't that mean that you had 3 years to enroll ? 
  it was not the biggest empire ever , far from it actually , many others also expanded ( duh ! ), 
  and also rarely receded ( what do you actually mean by that anyway ? 
  is a total collapse and end of an empire not a form of recession in itself ? ), 
  other empires were also quite long in their history , you could even say that some of the european empires are by far more successful than the ottoman empire ever was . 
  they , or rather their successors , still have overseas departments who are either officially part of them or at least affiliated with them , and they also managed to leave behind a common culture and a language . 
  in my opinion , that 's much more successful than the ottoman remnants . 
  could you specify why exactly you ca n't vote ? 
  some of these rules say that if you stay only temporarily ( under 6 years ) you can vote , so i do n't know what you mean by `` somehow convince officials that your stay abroad is only temporary '' . 
  if it 's in one of the pdfs , sorry , but i am not going to scroll through a bunch of foreign legalese just to understand your argument . 
  either quote it or explain it , otherwise i apologize but i wo n't get your argument . 
  dude , why do n't you get it ? 
  yes , being purged is horrible and all , but that still does n't mean they should be able to vote or that it is `` sensible '' at all if they have no residency there . 
  as news_doge said , depending on the countries involved , people with double citizenship also ca n't vote where they do n't have residency . 
  it 's absolutely understandable to prevent people who 's lives are not part of that country from voting there . 
  define `` most successful '' please . 
  no doubt you do , i just thought you were trying to represent turkey , which does n't really work since you are an outsider too . 
  maybe i 'm reading too much into your flair , 
  what exactly prevents you from having a residency in bulgaria and in turkey at the same time ? 
  so cool , and i love that the computing centre in barcelona looks fancy as * uck . 
  the european songcontest is already more than i could have ever dreamed of :d, 
  ok , no t no shade and please do n't take it as a personal attack , but how are you exactly speaking for turkey if you are not there ? 
  i get it that it 's your heritage , but as you said , you are german , so i 'm kinda confused now . 
  did what ? 
  vote you mean ? 
  because , as far as i know , double citizenship is not forbidden in germany . 
  there are other archaic remnants still being kept because of religion . 
  for example unnecessary circumcision goes completely against a kids right of life and body integrity , which is always used to protect kids from harm done by anybody , parent or not . 
  ** but not in this case !!!, 
  ** no , for some unbelievable reason their parents religious beliefs trump their body rights . 
  absolutely despicable in my eyes . 
  i would n't say they do it out of malice , that 's a bit much . 
  they do however seem to be a bit ignorant . 
  benefit from everything their birthplace is providing , their parents most likely having a better career than they could ever have had in turkey while not fearing persecution for their beliefs , and then they go and `` feel turkish '' and want to have a voice while not feeling the aftereffects of said vote at all ? 
  that 's just so wrong : /, 
  oh , so you live in turkey too ? 
  or what did you mean with `` here '' , here in germany ? 
  cause let me tell you , some of the pro-erdogan demonstrations were massive !, 
  thanks honey , i know that , but as you said , it is pretty hard to find out who has a double citizenship . 
  i also do hope they face charges , that kind of behaviour should not be tolerated at all . 
  :d good for you , so you go undercover into the turkey thread and read erdogan to filth ? 
  would change my flair for that if i could read and write turkish :p, 
  oh sorry , the turkish flag is kinda misleading : / so you mean you are german born and raised or moved there ? 
  sorry for getting personal , just `` i 'm from germany '' leaves open a lot of interpretation . 
  he or she ca n't , hence the troll answer with edgy 3 dot ending ... 
  it is not erdogan 's right to give those speeches though . 
  most european countries made it quite clear that the ** existing ** laws allow them to prevent that . 
  i always wanted to ask , how to turkish people living in turkey feel about people of turkish origin living outside of turkey voting in their elections ? 
  always amazed at the sheer gall it takes to do that !, 
  yes , yes , some have the right to do that , bla bla , but for example i myself would seize to vote for anything in austria if i leave the country . 
  that 's similar to the person giving an opinion or suggestion for something they were n't asked or that matters to their life at all . 
  like seriously , why are you talking ? 
  same goes for that matter , why are you voting ? 
  because they can , and that 's sad . 
  no offense to your uncle , but that 's ridiculous . 
  the audacity it takes to still think you should vote for something that does n't concern your everyday life is staggering . 
  again , no offense meant , but he sounds like a massive douche , 
  blocking dual citizenship is just not that easy to do , austria tries it but for example people of turkish origin still get a turkish citizenship at their consulate , and you just ca n't prevent that . 
  theoretically it 's possible to live and work in turkey but still be able to vote in austria whenever it tickles your fancy . 
  i imagine it 's even easier in bulgaria due to the proximity . 
  ugh it comes up so often in discussions , like some people really believe that 1000 year old methods are superior to new techniques . 
  absolute ridiculous notion and not based on any kind of scientific method at all . 
  exactly , and it pisses me of to no end when religious fundamentals cry `` religious freedom '' every time some government tries to improve laws regarding people or animals due to new and better understanding of the matter . 
  so glad they mostly banned religious slaughter without sedation where i am from , i mean , how can personal religious freedom even extend so far outside of your personal space , like slaughter of animals for example ? 
  it does n't , plain and simple . 
  one rare example where politicians showed some balls and did not let themselves be cowed into submission by fundamentals . 
  that 's very true . 
  german people are more complex than they may seem to outsiders . 
  shoutout to bavarians , you are the germans we understand the most , mentally and verbally :d, 
  seriously , the halal lie of being `` the most humane way of slaughter '' is up there with some of the most retarded religious beliefs . 
  why was it never an accepted form of capital punishment instead of for example a fucking firing squad ? 
  it 's the weirdest thing that people still believe that in this day and age , even some of the most educated do and it 's so frustrating . 
  you counter generalizations with another one ? 
  ok , here 's another one : this video will probably be ( a bit ) funny to most of western europe . 
  exactly , especially since german identity hinges on it 's borders now , same as basically every country in the world . 
  do n't forget that our dialects are of different origin than most of germany too , which is a small , but still important difference . 
  was n't austria pretty much a counterpoint to prussia though ? 
  that 's why bavaria was kinda pissed at first to be part of new germany , since it had much more in common with austria than it did with prussia . 
  still does , btw . 
  sneering at prussians is pretty much mo in bavaria . 
  well , not agreeing with the lesbian sex appeal argument , but other than that i see your point .
