  gdp used top mean something , then people realized how much emphasis is paid to it and they did everything they could to distort it and artificially inflate it ( think uk and italy now including * estimates * of drug and prostitution sales in gdp figures, 
  i find that the lines blur but there is a connnection , young libertarians generally turn into your typical conservative over time the same way young anarchists on the left turn more socialist over time, 
  pretty lame if you ask me . 
  and not even a moderator note as to why it was removed in the comments . 
  mods here have been doing a better job of informing people here as to why submissions are removed lately but then when they remove something without a good reason ( from my perspective ) they never state why . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/unitednationsofreddit/search?q=europe+or+%2fr%2feurope&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=new&amp;t=all ) is a good sub that shows everything that 's removed from this sub and the reason . 
  i still ca n't figure out why they removed that story about the old french guy pretending he was a stud online and then banging roleplay blindfolded ladies, 
  so this is the scale of `` le libertarian utopianess '' survey sponsored by the koch brothers pet project ... right gotcha , will start taking this seriously any day now, 
  give us liberland flair please for muh libertarn utopia plz . 
  * stop oppressing me with taxes \u2122 *, 
  lol those are good standards that i try to apply as well but for me it 's a constant trade off between letting the odd fatty through the qa process and keeping up my rpm ( ratings per minute ) i apply similar qa standards but then [ these ] ( http://data3.whicdn.com/images/61476380/thumb.jpg ) always slip through the cracks, 
  my account is n't old enough to meet the age requirements yet as i like to change account every so often so my posts are judged on their merit and not individual user bias or peoples cumulative res scores ( yes i 'm guilty of auto down-voting people who show up red due my track record of downvoting them so i asusme others are n't perfect too ) . 
  my point is how much emphasis is put on being a member long term of the community and how much is based on merit , for example if i use my older account which has n't been so active but does satisfy the  1 year requirement will the lack of recent post history count against me ? 
  i 'm definitely sending this article to all the hambeasts that posted misleading face only pictures on tinder just to later rape my inbox and lave me feeling ashamed in my lack of better fatdar . 
   juncker made it clear that a ` grexit ' was not an option , because it would be an existential threat to the 19-member economic and monetary union . 
  there we go greece and syriza wins , a great day for the european left i hope, 
   however you are certainly fooling yourself if you think immigrants sees studying with swedes as an opportunity to see `` how the normal swede acts and studies in school '' . 
  i see you have given up on intergeneration then i take it ? 
  was just thinking the same and then figured that guy is probably just cycling from one girlfriend to the next given the able bodied male/female ratio after the war . 
  i 'd be looking classy too if i was one of the few lucky sons of bitches to still be alive then . 
  some people probably think i 'm calling these europol guys corrupt too and this is such a pro euro sub and all . 
  of course they could be corrupt , or they could be corrupt romanian officers who took bribes , learned from the criminals and decided decided a straight job with europol is better than being a shitty corrupt with romanian police or they could be just good guys . 
  few people would argue romania is n't a hub of illegal online activity anyway . 
  i like this , the most important element is the choice . 
   the most important problem people bring up is the tyranny of the majority . 
  while i think that it 's a real problem , its importance is overstated . 
  it 's nothing a good constitution and judicial system ca n't solve . 
  optional vote delegation would solve much of it as well . 
  generally stupid people are n't the biggest voters anyway and letting people who are n't interested in politics delegate their vote to someone else would clean that up a bit . 
   no , i 'm against stupid masses reducing my rights . 
  ah the old reddit superiority complex showing itself again . 
  while it might not be directly related switzerland is also the world 's happiest county and it 's kinda well known having control over ones life is an important element of happiness . 
  anyway are n't you some sort of `` libertarian '' ? 
  i thought that 's all about direct democracy . 
  well it makes sense , a lot of carding , identity theft and other illegal online activity comes from romania . 
  ironically one reason i heard it was so big there was becasue of police non enforcement . 
  well with an attitude like that how could it not, 
  `` but , but we need more immigrants as we do n't have enough children to fill future jobs . '', 
  imo the youth unemployment problem is one of the most shameless products of society right now . 
  large corporations ... sure , regarding institutions i see no reason why they need such huge focus on branding . 
  being efficient at what they do is their role . 
  thing is pr and advertising houses are more like the high end prostitution industry than say the law profession . 
  governments and bureaucrats think with the `` more expensive must be better '' mindset but in reality they are only paying extra for the allusion of grandeur , intelligence , exclusivity and all that but in reality the same pr houses are serving 20 clients a day the same shtick . 
  there is a case for spending huge money on branding ( say for emotional products ) but for an institution like the eu who has a robust institutional image there is little a creative can do but work within a very limited framework . 
  the fact the new logo is barely any different to the old one is testament to this . 
  well i have the op tagged as a corporate sympathizer and propaganda producing libertard so theres that . 
  as per the rules of the sub i 've retorted it for not providing proper sources for their nice clip art they stole form google images are are trying to pain protesters with . 
  just report it and move on . 
   that literally has nothing to do with the european union but with the contractors . 
  it has everything to do with the eu and lack of common sense and oversight regarding who and how it 's funds are distributed . 
  it 's just the common problem of `` not my money '' and resulting laziness about maintaining proper checks and balances . 
   anyway it 's pretty clear nothing can convince you otherwise so this discussion is pointless anyway . 
  i 'm all for convincing but i 'd like it to be evidence based , the best way the eu can do that is to clean up it 's act and think about the consequences of it 's actions . 
  even the simple think of not thinking about how 50 % grants for construction projects would push up prices . 
   money allocation schemes , mostly for the more developed countries such as building walking paths across the uk or restoring small ports in italy and look what happens ... http://www.theunituk.com/index.php?option=com_content&amp;view=article&amp;id=5017:500k-footpath-cash-at-centre-of-anti-fraud-investigation-by-eu&amp;catid=12:unattributed&amp;itemid=6 same problem exists and i remember this first hand where my uncle who is a farmer was telling me how he is getting 50 % funding from an eu fund to build a new type of shed for his animals , this was only available for a certain time and i believe lots of farmers were also applying for the grant to do the same works , guess what happens . 
  local contractors are suddenly so busy becasue of the increased number of building starts due to this grant funding they * have no choice * but to charge double the price ( becasue they are in such high demand ) that in the end the actual cost ( to the farmer ) was pretty much the same as what it is today in the depressed construction environment . 
  if you ask me at this stage most people have first hand experience of how the eu is run as a bit of a joke and the accountability that would exist if politics and power was more local is not there . 
   i highly doubt they know or care that eu companies have more isds disputes than us ones , its the same hatred you see every year with a tinge of extreme left and anti-americanism/corporations . 
  why would i differentiate between getting raped in the ass by an american or european criminal . 
  i 'm still getting the d against my will am i not ? 
  ive read most of what my privilege allows me ( what was leaked unofficially and the cute dumbed down information texts ) and \u00edt seems like with most legal texts much is about interpretation but based on my understanding , the interpretation of others and the historical results trade deals of the past have produced i see no reason to think anything good can come to the average citizen from this . 
  depends on the industry , i 've applied for funding for startups and it was very tight and competitive however move to regional infrastructure where bids are put in by the few monopoly construction firms in the area who know if they do n't out-compete each other everyone wins then it 's often a different story . 
  ghost airport springs to mind http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/12/14/us-poland-airports-specialreport-iduskbn0js06k20141214, 
  it must have been really bad there then as the overspends and bad procurement were what i seen on local projects . 
  wow , they are urging now ... that 's only one step away from pleading and two from resigned . 
  we can do it reddit . 
  it will be our own eu sopa/pipa victory, 
  based on my own third hand experience where eu money is handles by local politicians as license to help their friends contractors get a job they can overcharge for in the hope of getting a kickback one day it 's unfortunately all too common and that 's the problem with big bureaucracy , nobody cares as it 's not * their * money, 
  entirely ridiculous but unfortunately not unheard of either, 
  this is not one of those articles you really need to ~ ~ read ~ ~ view before commenting . 
  a self made it millionaire but yea his qualifications are agreed unknown . 
  still at this point i think finland could use a ceo and not a career politician, 
  and this is why i hate large bureaucracy , nobody gives a shit how much eu money is wasted . 
  then they say the eu was n't to support tech startups but yet they demonstrate they have no idea what they are doing or demonstrate any knowledge as i could get them a better service and all round re-branding with a choice of 50 logo designs and a three stage consultation process for $ 800 . 
  and they wonder why euroskeptics like me exist, 
  nah dude , you do n't see sipil\u00e4 taking a picture of every turd that pops out of his asshole for twitter . 
  i 'm well aware of the stubs affiliation , i just hate the guy so much i will continue to be childish and spell his name wrong accidentally on purpose . 
  was n't there polls a while back that show people think of him as the most insincere i think , the guy always strikes me to have a plastic say one thing but do another look to him and that 's basically it . 
  so in other words the eu can reject it later and break obama 's legacy piece . 
  nice, 
  as opposed to insecure swedish speaking swedes who elect people to just protect their language . 
  sorry but you only have to look at stub to smell the sense of self entitlement off of him . 
   the actual text of the agreement will be public for more than a year before its ratified [ 1 ] i thought this was obama 's `` thing '' he was n't to be known for . 
  if they are to be public for a year after they are eventually released am i not right to assume he has no hope in getting that thing passed before he 's out of office ? 
  not sure if joking and that 's the sad thing ? 
  i 'm seriously wondering how much thing thing cost considering i have a bunch of freelancers churning out better samples for less than 1/1000th of the price right now, 
   how should i know ? 
  you tell me . 
  well in short they do n't support any of the liberal policy 's i mentioned  that 's why you are fierce supporter of russia and putin ? 
  haha . 
  whats with that bs ? 
  where have i ever expressed any such support or care to source me on that . 
  i am however opposed to hurting our own trade with russia in order to help the usa and the eu out in their geopolitical games . ', 
   and what 's your stance on economic issues ? 
  cause what you described now is applicable to socialdemocrats too . 
  economically i 'm against globalization which on a macro scale i see as a sellout of private national industry to multinational corporations which to me limits national sovereignty and puts me more on the left sphere however i have been ant bailout since the very beginning where iceland took a different path on the crisis than the eu . 
  i 'm firmly in the varoufakis camp that bailouts are only a means of prolonging the core problem with would be better dealt with by a debt jubilee allowing nations to grow again . 
  i do n't have any major problem with the election results in finland although they are way to socially conservative for my liking . 
  that said i did n't vote for either and gave it to the pirateparty since there was really no mainstream party that is n't tainted in some way imo . 
  well i would call myself liberal , seeing as i support the right of sexual minority 's to marry and adopt , i am against drug and alcohol prohibitions favoring the `` drug use is a social and not criminal matter '' argument .
