  i think one of the reasons is that politicians and the media do n't want to admit the situation : finland is not divided anymore between workers and capital , but between low productive and highly productive workers . 
  this is poison especially to left-leaning media and welfare state politicians as it removes the mantra of think of the poor and tax the rich . 
  this fits in with what i just said but rather than say low productivity and high productivity workers i would say there just is n't enough jobs anymore and we need to accept and move to a mental model where not everyone is going to be in paid employment and that 's ok . like in any economy there is always going to be a small percentage of people who are n't very suitable or just do n't want to work but fundamentally i see that as a mental problem and a problem with peoples way of thinking , yes not every one wants to work , i do n't want to work either but everyone wants to be something and have a sense of self worth about themselves . 
  as someone who would belong in the finnish far left and has been to many demonstrations you will know i see first hand how many people fall through the cracks and sort of give up , what many people would call spongers and lazy i see people that life has beaten down . 
  there is a very good work ethic in finland and fact is before someone simply gives up there is a vicious cycle of not feeling adequate , social stigma , restlessness that eventually ends either in depression or banding together with people like yourself so as to give yourself some status in a social society . 
  as someone who once lived in kalllo for the social life i can attest to that very much . 
  it seems zero hours contracts is unfortunately the route the route the govnerment wants to take on this problem which to me solves nothing . 
  your value in society is still going to be based on how much you work and earn . 
  just like iceland took a different route as opposed to bailing out banks and it seems to be paying off i think finland should take a different path as regards future proofing our population and society . 
  we have a small homologous population which makes the country a perfect candidate to trial a basic income model . 
  i have a feeling once you detach peoples self worth from their job and earnings suddenly you will have a lot more people involved in community activity 's and voluntary work , caring for the elderly and disabled and so on and suddenly this need to import people to do those sorts of jobs wont be a big issue anymore either and mental illness wont be such a problem either . 
  i 've gone off on an incredible tangent here but in short i think there is a fundamental reason rates of depression and metal illness are ten times what they were in the 1940 's , it 's only going to get worse so i see no reason not to be that innovate country once again and try something new . 
  unfortunately fear is the main driver for everyone in society right now from the leaders to the unemployed and it 's not getting anyone anywhere . 
  people see unemployment and know there will be less jobs in the future but then are told we need to import more workers , people see that we are getting poorer but yet the rich are getting richer . 
  the world is so paradoxical i 'm not surprised so many people give up and languish at the bottom of society . 
  do you know a better way to make public sector pay cuts politicians do n't want to make and ca n't becasue of union benchmarking agreements more palatable . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a good thing but considering how things have been stagnant here for the last seven years becasue * `` it 's ok , but it 's not bad but it 's not good either , hey lets just borrow a few more billion this year to cover the bills and hope for the best next year '' * in other words forced pay cuts for all are better than politicians paying their staff more than they can afford becasue they are afraid to say no and lose votes . 
  devaluation over austerity also makes domestic industry more competitive abroad overnight boosting exports and foreign trade . 
  lastly devaluation hits someone with 10 million harder than someone with 10 euros . 
  it sucks but at least in a non perfect world it sucks equally . 
   now if we want to fix our situation , we really have to change and remedy the situation . 
  industries need to be more inventive and efficient , while the rest of the economy has to decide does it want to raise taxes to cover public expenditure or cut down expenditure . 
  to me thats the core of the problem over the past 7 years , national debt has doubled and politicians do n't have the balls to make the public sector more efficient , it 's the same as the situation you describe before but instead of industry holding everyone ransom and costing the public money it 's the public service . 
  thing is at least when you had control over your currency and devalued it to keep export industry competitive or any other reason most the pain is felt by those with most cash and the `` cost '' is proportionally born from the wealthiest to the poorest ( unless of course assets are kept out of the country by the same wealthy ) . 
  but when you are given a choice to raise taxes or cut public expenditure it 's usually the working class , those less likely to complain or change their vote who pay the price and a new thing in modern politics those who contribute to your election campaign also get off easier . 
  i agree on your point of it being a global phenomena though . 
   the finnish tax laws outlaw tax avoidance . 
  if you already have a firm and just move its business to estonia , if you have bad luck the tax official can cause you lot of trouble by accusing that you are avoiding taxes . 
  the problem with tax officials is that even if you would be right about the case , your ability to stay in business is usually lower than their ability to continue being wrong about the case . 
  well i have n't given it serious though yet but as it stands i mostly do business with eu/global clients and operating out of finland is getting expensive while margins get tighter . 
  [ the new estonian digital residency ] ( https://e-estonia.com/e-residents/about/ ) would reduce my company 's tax burden while i then pay myself a fixed salary and keep company money separate in estonia and maybe even use it to expand . 
  unfortunately being tax resident in finland has little to offer a digital company who 's staff are either freelance or working remotely in other countries and that 's why i find sad about the situation , most likely the govnerment will end up driving away exactly the sort of smart business they say they are trying to encourage . 
  who knows , if it becomes a tax issue with vero i may even move myself as well as i have a feeling being a twenty-something small entrepreneur with no kids puts me right on the front line of who to tax most when shit hits the fan . 
  thing is i want to see reform , i want to see stability in our finances but i have a bad feeling ordinary people will see their standards decline slowly and painfully either through inflation or lack of wage increases instead of making actual productivity benefits in the public sector and encouraging more innovation . 
  in an ideal scenario i would see finland and other countries finally making a push at eu level to make sure multinationals who have eaten up huge chunks of our economy over the past 20 years while getting their money out of europe tax free start paying their share so those of us who actually live and work here do n't have to . 
  the thing is i really do n't know what to do , i want to be a patriotic citizen and work through this but the same belt tightening is forcing me to consider registering my mainly internet based company in estonia . 
  in the bigger picture monetary union is forcing every country to slowly become germany and i hate it ... hear me out before downvoting `` hurr durr he hates the euro '' if we still had the markka the fat would have been cut already by way of devaluation and everyone would have paid their share but now the govnerment has a bunch of pen pushers on high wages , manufacturing that ca n't be made competitive and an elderly population that have a pretty good life by any standard ( you can get your state pension and migrate with it along with the birds in winter taking even more money out of the economy ) yet it will be the young , the entrepreneurial and the single people who will suffer most becasue they do n't tend to vote as often as pensioners and no govnerment wants to be seen as cutting supports for the old and disabled . 
  i fear they wo n't make the tough decisions fact is that will only make things worse as it 's the same young , entrepreneurial people who are most mobile who will lose faith and leave the country making the problem even worse . 
  then instead of the tough route of cleaning up wages in state owned firms we will join the new wave of selling off good productive assets into private hands and the forest districts will soon be known as ikealand . 
  please please no i hope the country shows the solidarity i know it has but if not and individualism and selfish interests win out it could get bad . 
  edit . 
  a word, 
  wow , so we just give up on whats right and join the evil side now do we ? 
  come on . 
  if you read the full article you would see `` europe '' in this case refers to non `` five eyes '' countries . 
  do n't worry you are still the worst offenders as regards unwarranted bulk data collection, 
  russia asked we ban g 's since it 's pronounced geh/gay * ( if it turns out i just made that up i 'll sure someone will muster up a clickbait article to post here next week for upboats ) *, 
   there 's still quite a bit of antisemitism in poland , i 've encountered educated young people that still blame things on the jews . 
  probably just sick of all the israeli tourists , no matter where i go in the world israeli 's are known as horrible tourists coming only after the chinese . 
  i 've also hosted over 200 people in my place couch-surfing and i can only say by far the most unappreciative was two separate israeli 's that , ate my food , hogged my computer , left dirty dishes lying around and the last assumed `` it would probably be ok '' if he just stayed a week longer and was just in general not good vibe to be around . 
  i 've had about 99 % good experiences of people who always try and give something back in the way of chat , cooking something native , cleaning after themselves and by some luck it worked out the two israeli 's were right self entitled cunts i 'll never know but i sure got the vibe they were only in it to take and not give back . 
  thanks to them two asshats in particular i 'm a bit more strict about taking people who have a good review history . 
   do you really believe they built free houses for everyone ? 
  no not at all , but as it worked out when the soviet union ended it did come about that people got the property rights to the places they were then living or did i get that wrong ? 
  99 % sure thats how it worked out , i 'm well aware there was little to no such thing as property rights in the su but after it ended people did get to keep their land . 
  yes that is my argument and no only was property not included that inflation was banned and prices on a host of important goods were frozen so the idea you could every even see gdp growth in the su is rubbish since they never pushed for growth ( in the monetary sense ) in the first place . 
  trying to compare western and soviet gdp is like trying to compare cats and dogs , however since russia is a market economy comparing theirs is perfectly valid . 
  i agree with what you write 100 % but with the liberalization of any economy there are winners and losers . 
  lots of romanian property has been bought up and subsequently bid up by large international groups and it 's the next generation that will feel the affects where previously they could buy a house for 5x their yearly salary soon it will be 10x because no wages can possible keep up with asset price inflation . 
  yes but inflation in assets was much higher , it 's not shown in these figures but i seen the figures for land and property inflation in romania since their economy was opened up to foreign investment and wage increases have in no way kept up with inflation in land and property prices . 
  i do n't have the source figures but this article is pretty telling , the same has happened in nearly all eastern block states . 
   fueled by increasing demand , prices have taken off in romania . 
  while back in 2007 the average price of a hectare of farmland was eur 927 , it had skyrocketed to eur 1,972 by 2011 and this year has gone well beyond eur 2,000 per hectare . 
  prices will remain on an upward trend and are forecast to reach an average of eur 3,000 per hectare by 2015 , according to a 2012 dtz echinox report . 
  and there you just showed your ignorance again , do n't like the truth so you make a sarcastic post about it . 
  notice how it 's me providing facts and you presenting opinionated half truths , makes me think russians and lithuanians are brother nations after all since you seem to have that in common . 
   what it has to do with ussr and free housing though ? 
  gpp and gdp growth which is the thing we were discussing then ( not ussr and free housing ) tracks booms and bubbles quite closely since that very metric `` gdp '' is the total value of all goods and services in an economy , if prices go up so does the total gdp . 
  when you have lots of consumer price inflation in an economy you also have lots of gdp growth but that does mean people are getting richer . . not necessarily . 
  likewise it made sense to point out less people bought and sold houses in the ussr due to the nature of the economy there so the resulting boost this would give their gdp figures had it been a market economy like it is today means soviet gdp and western gdp figures can never really be compared like to like since there are too many variables missing . 
  that is what i meant . 
   what did rt say about the land prices in lithuania after we joined the eu ? 
  i do n't like to rely on any media [ and prefer real first hand data . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2kf35lf.png ) what do you notice happening from 2004 on , strikingly enough that is the same time you joined the eu is it not ? 
  if you line up that price increase graph with your gdp `` growth '' they will follow almost exactly in line . 
  it 's called inflation and most likely due to your economy being opened up to outside investors which in turn drives up prices locally . 
  source : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/lithuania/consumer-price-index-cpi i suppose you are going to tell me the real figures and data are just russian propaganda now ? 
  see how i can just point out facts while you are here throwing slander around ... pathetic, 
  oh you mean how comparing sovet gdp figures to western ones is pointless as there are so many things that were not monetized in the soviet union . 
  that is accurate and perfectly valid critique or did you forget what happened to land and property prices in lithuania after you guys joined the west and eu ? 
   i will not browse through all that filth this is how i know you are indoctrinated on one side as you simply chose to cut yourself off from alternative commentary that challenges your own perception of events . 
  would you have to watch a video from the russian defense ministry to know it contains bias ? 
  if the answer is `` no '' then you know why i do n't need to watch it and that 's becasue it comes from a side with a vested interest in conflict with russia, 
  you are not telling me specifically a single thing i have said that is brainwash ? 
  something something blah blah , rt is all i hear, 
   you have presented not a single conclusion of what exactly is biased in this video . 
  yes becasue i 'm not going to pretend to have watched the whole thing when i simply do n't have the time or energy . 
  but if i was looking for unbiased information about russia 's actions in lithuania i certainly would not look to nato first as being a great unbiased source since opposing russia is literally their job . 
  that is my only point and if you ca n't accept that it 's fine but do n't expect me to believe your premise that nato is unbiased as an organization . 
  what brainwash , please tell me specifically ? 
  as someone who works in the space i agree with everything you just said , but like any lagging indicator there is still no shortage of mom and pop sites contacting me to put a facebook button on their website . 
  as far as i 'm concerned the best practical use of the facebook button today is for people to make scam sites look more legit with fake followers . 
   but you still take your time and write comments on topics you do n't care about . 
  i 'm a recovering mediaholic i guess , yea i still have an opinion on this conflict but instead of [ chasing down the propagandists like i did here  ( http://www.reddit.com/r/rocketgate/comments/2wacdn/i_will_eat_a_hat/ ) i 'm learning to relax , take notes and resign myself to the cynical fact most people on both sides are so damm easy to brainwash and i ca n't help all of them to critically think for themselves . 
  you are free to believe what you want , i just find it depressing i will most likely be down-voted for pointing out this information comes straight from nato who of course will make sure the subtle biases favor their point of view . 
  there is no such thing as an unbiased account in my view unless you get someone from space that just arrived on earth to produce it . 
  but i will say for sure you could find more unbiased actors to present history than nato . 
  you seem to just want to attack me while i simply want people to think for themselves and analyze what they are consuming and the possible bias behind it while we are in the midst of an active information war . 
  it seems obvious to me this is a subreddit that has simply chosen sides and it just disappoints me that smart people here can be tricked into consuming this at face value . 
  personally i do n't care anymore , as george carlin suggests [ i 'm divorcing myself from all of this and just watch it unfold ] ( https://youtu.be/ektezlincom?t=2m54s ) and take notes as i 'll drive myself insane if i try and correct all the propaganda coming from both sides here .
