  finland went from 1993 levels of 87 billion gdp to 2008 levels of 272 billion . 
  finland tripled after the recovery of that recession . 
  still a bigger difference percentage wise in the 70s and 80 's hence my point about it being the best times to be alive with a tenfold gdp increase in 20 years the 90 's recession only lasted a few years while now our own leaders admit we are currently in a depression with no real end in sight . 
  our neignbours on the other hand who are not tied to the euro are doing much better and that 's a fact , it 's also a fact the euro has strangled economic growth in host nations as we have had to pay for the bailouts of the south , anyway you whole point and thesis that things were somehow worse when we were neutral has no evidence to back it up and i have first hand accounts all around me saying it was in fact better then . 
   in terms of economic reality 's it 's certainly not optimal . 
  it all depends do their politicians have a mandate to do whats best for swedish society or help war torn peoples . 
  it 's not for me to say but i think most would agree the former is more important . 
   how is belonging to eu hurting finland ? 
  lost of ability to control our currency in the same way sweden has been able post banking crisis in 2008 . 
  economies of norway and sweden and any every non euro state have done much better because of being better able to control their economies . 
   finland gdp rose significantly after the ussr fell . 
  no it did n't and you are just showing your ignorance now because the collapse of the su actually triggered a recession here too which lasted all through the early 90 's here is some education for you * background *  the depression of 1991-1993 had a deep effect on the economy of finland throughout the 1990s , especially in terms of employment but also in culture , politics and the general sociopolitical atmosphere . 
  during this period the gross national product decreased 13 % and the unemployment rose to 18.9 % from 3.5 % . 
  [ 2 ] [ 3 ] since then , despite overall recovery , the unemployment has been persistent , and finland has never returned to the state of near full employment that existed before the crisis * reasons *  finland experienced a strong economic boom throughout the 1980s which dragged on and `` overheated '' the economy , leading to the corrective contraction of the depression . 
  one reason for this was a change in finnish banking laws in 1986 which allowed finnish companies to more easily seek credit from foreign banks , which was considerably less expensive than finnish domestic credit . 
  this led to a large-scale search for foreign loan sources , which helped to undermine the strength of the finnish central bank . 
   the collapse of the the soviet union also played an important role , as it had represented 15 -- 20 per cent of finland 's foreign trade , the so-called bilateral trade . 
  thus a key finnish export market disappeared nearly overnight http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/early_1990s_recession_in_finland  i have no idea why your parents would consider the 70s or 80s to be so great other than the general `` back in my day '' euphoria that hides reality . 
  oh yea so 3.5 % unemployment as i just quoted and 20 years of continuous gdp gains was `` back in my day '' euphoria meanwhile right now we just got back to 2007 levels of gdp now in 2014 . 
  finland 's gdp in 1970 : 11.22 billion usd and in 1990 it was 139 billion . 
  source : https://www.google.fi/search?q=finland+gdp&amp;oq=finland+g&amp;aqs=chrome.0.69i59j69i57j0l4.3922j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;es_sm=122&amp;ie=utf-8 tell me again how being neutral throughout the 70 's and 80 's was harmful to finland again ? 
  so you did n't take up my invite to correct wikipedia i see , i guess you must n't disagree with that much anyway . 
   because the corporations do n't have power over national parliaments . 
  in what way do they ? 
  curtailing a states power to repel laws down the road is an affront to state sovereignty do n't you think . 
  it 's basically removing the right to self determination in my view . 
  just because a treaty trumps state law now and is a good idea in the present moment does n't mean it wont become less beneficial or even restrict opportunity in the future and nothing can be changed because to do so then would be illegal . 
  that seems counter productive to me and again a removal of the right to self determination of nations . 
   it 's a fundamentally anti-globalist view which sees each country as an island and ignores the changes to the concept of westaphalian sovereignty that have been occurring over the last 60 years . . 
  sounds like you are the one parroting conspiracy theory with the idea that the only future is some globalist society . 
  last i heard the the notion of territorial integrity of nations was very important i.e crimea so i do n't buy your idea that westaphalian sovereignty has been eroded but will in fact will regain momentum over the coming decades as climate change and less fossil fuels require our society 's to be more decentralized and self reliant and ( hopefully ) independence movements like scotland will show nations work better when they better self identify in smaller groups . 
  since you seem interested in this stuff i 'm sure you might have heard of pat buchanan who is pretty vocal on the topic , this was written by him in 2002 and damm if it does n't seem like todays state of affairs with eurosceptic groups making huge gains  france , germany and italy , who are exchanging their money for the euro , are surrendering control of monetary policy and , with it , control of fiscal policy and national destiny . 
  should a recession hit italy , rome will be in a straight jacket , unable to run a deficit or devalue the lira . 
  italy will have less freedom to act in her national interest than argentina in her current crisis . 
   nevertheless , a prediction : this european superstate will not endure , but break apart on the barrier reef of nationalism . 
  for when the hard times come , patriots will recapture control of their national destinies from brussels bureaucrats to whom no one will ever give loyalty or love . 
   who , after all , would fight or die for the eu ? 
  http://www.theamericancause.org/patsaygoodbye.htm that is how the eu will end and it 's the works right now, 
  there is no middle class anymore , there are only the working classes and the non working rent seeking classes . 
  your so paranoid it 's funny , pity i 'm on mobile or i 'd scan today 's iltalehti with a special personal message just for you :p, 
   meanwhile finland is inside of eu . 
  how is ukraine the dumb country while finland is the genius puppetmaster that plays everyone off of each other ? 
  i told you already i do not agree with eu membership and think anything but neutrality is the wrong path or do you have short memory ? 
  i was 7 when it happened and exactly in a position to vote  finlandization flat out was fear of ussr . 
  anything else is whitewashing . 
  ussr was all over finland 's internal politics . 
  saying otherwise requires rose tinted glasses that are so colored they are completely opaque and leaving you blind . 
  i do n't know much about politics then but my parents generation will say the 70 's and 80 's were the best decade to be alive here so the red threat cant have been so bad in reality can it ? 
  meanwhile the 90 's sucked with banking crisis , 00 's we had nokia bubble and at current rates it 's predicted we will get our 2007 gdp back in 2017 meanwhile state companies/assets are being sold off to foreigners and we cant even sell our food to russia anymore . 
  good saying here and it 's , `` if you bow to the west you turn your ass to the east '' thanks eu , if it gets any better maybe we will welcome russia / s, 
  that 's because it 's not . 
  crude to say but if you really wanted a young educated , dynamic immigrant workforce look to india and asia or hell even ukraine has lots of unemployed graduates but why they have to being in borderline ptsd suffering people from war torn nations is beyond me, 
   finlandization was acting in complete fear of the ussr . 
  ugh , finlandization refers to the fact you can not run a small country in the shadow of an empire without accepting your policy 's will have to be influenced by it and ukraine is the perfect example of how ignoring your neighbor and partisanship leads to disaster . 
   therefore why should finland live in fear of upsetting russia 's ego and thinking who they associate with means russia will refuse to trade with them ? 
  mexico is the good example in the america 's since their policy is shaped in large part by their powerful neighbor and largest trade partner the usa and it would be suicide for them to say `` hey we used to be at war , you stole california and texas so we are joining a military alliance with russia with china since they are a better superpower who says they have our back now in case you ever come for more '' russia is our biggest trading partner in finland and joining nato is just as big of an issue for them as mexico aligning with china would be for the usa . 
  being between nato/russia is like being the neighbor that lives on a street between two rival gang neighborhoods , it might be a bit rough sometimes but you do n't want to wear the wrong colours and picking a side means your house becoming the front line in any turf war . 
  i think it 's best to focus on our smarts than wars and try and keep the gang prolem at bay without calling the other maffia for help it 's just sad we had end up i the eu but unfortunately that was all done before my time, 
  i 'm not talking about russia , i ca n't make sense of your question . 
  in short being too close to the west is now hurting out trade with russia . 
  neutral non eu finland was better poised to take advantage of trade with both the west and russia , that was my point, 
  i do n't think it 's an excuse but i think it 's the current state of affairs . 
  i would still argue we were in a much better position with russia before joining the eu since we were then free to let both russia and the west take us out for dinner, 
  i forget how we got here but that 's one of the problems with the middle class and wealth inequality , in my 30 years here i 've seen my hometown change from mostly owner run `` mom and pop '' stores and some franchise supermarkets on main street to big international superstores on the outskirts all in the name of competition and free markets . 
  working for these places is no fun , you are a cog in the machine and personally i never cared about paying a bit more for something when it kept the local economy alive but once you open the race to the bottom can of free markets that came with the eu it all started to change for the worse . 
  i think that is what killed the mid class and at least got the ball rolling on the wealth inequality . 
   it depends entirely on the individual in question . 
  some make money through stocks and whatnot , some make it through their position in a company ... you 're going to have to be more specific . 
  it 's easier to invest when you do n't worry about loosing your savings . 
  if i was n't only fresh out of university i would have bought all the stock could in 2009 when markets were down and out because it 's easier to buy the bottom when you do n't have to worry about loosing retirement money or playing with spare cash as i do nowadays . 
  you can blame people for their own stupidity but there is also a problem in the way many with money can get stock off market before a ipo and many other types of nefarious dealings that are only available to those in the know or those who can afford a good financial advisory . 
  you are right however there is no easy answers which worry 's me . 
  i see companies now merging with non us companies and ( im not sure the exact word ) but basally moving their tax base from usa to ireland for example where corporation tax is non existent in the case of apple so even the us does n't seem to be able to control the big money . 
  i do n't know are we moving to the next stage of the trans national corporation where they will just start laying nation state off against each other for jobs but in any case this is why we must stop ttip and the new global trade pact from being passed, 
  hence why i do n't want us to be, 
  this is where there is a problem then because next question i will ask is how you explain the current decimation of the american middle class while net wealth of the top 1 % continues to rise ? 
  are the wealthy magically earning more as they all started working harder ... . please do n't give me that . 
  now i can maybe accept the argument that tax revenues are not being spent as they should but in that case it 's the 1 % and the super wealthy that need to fix the problem since it 's their lobbyists that now pretty much control government so they are the ones that need to divert or cut spending . 
  personally i think it 's all because of the fact america is simply an oligarchy now with a nice coat of democratic paint . 
  i 'm just watching from the sidelines in europe now as the nutritional quality of the food in america goes down the toilet year after year but people barely notice and you try to fill the ground full of chemicals jut to get a bit more oil out but even that will peak in 2018/2019 and now by association we seem to getting shitty food ( ttip ) and fracking ( in the uk anyway ) in the end something has to change or social unrest is going mainstream, 
  no what they said was * `` this is about giving private corporations power over national parliaments '' * not * `` evil corporations have power over us '' * so you start by falsely quoting the op and then not even answering the question about what exactly is wrong with their statement and more importantly tell me why it 's specifically `` conspiracy driven crap ''  something that 's unsubstantiated , unsourced , not expanded on i do n't think you should need to insta source ( given the context of this subreddit ) a commonly held belief that can be substantiated by you doing a 5 second google search of ttip but i will save you the bother . 
   investor-state dispute settlement ( isds ) is an instrument that allows an investor to bring a case directly against the country hosting its investment , without the intervention of the government of the investor 's country of origin . 
  [ 61 ] in december 2013 , a coalition of over 200 environmentalists , labor unions and consumer advocacy organizations on both sides of the atlantic sent a letter to the ustr and european commission demanding the investor-state dispute settlement be dropped from the trade talks , claiming that `` investor-state dispute settlement is a one-way street by which corporations can challenge government policies , but neither governments nor individuals are granted any comparable rights to hold corporations accountable . 
  '' [ 62 ] [ 63 ] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transatlantic_trade_and_investment_partnership#national_sovereignty_and_investor_state_dispute_settlements_.28isds.29 maybe instead of being he resident fact producer ( or i say more hot air producer ) your time would be better spent signing up to wikipedia and removing that obvious `` conspiracy driven crap '' from the worlds most cited source of information huh ? 
  after all you know better than everyone right and most of us are just stupid `` uneducated morons '' right ? 
   i know a few `` rich '' people . 
  it 's not that they are afraid of all taxes , it 's that they feel they 've been taxed enough , far greater than the value of any services they receive if you think the purpose of taxes is to just get what you pay back in another way you are very deluded . 
  put simply we live in a society and not in a bubble and society has needs which need to be paid for . 
  if you have a few million chances are you have staff ( serfs ) which need to be kept fit and healthy . 
  who educates and pays for their children and your future generation of workers ? 
  assuming you do n't pay for their healthcare who keeps them fit and able to come into work ? 
  the days of employers looking after their employees with fair wages and good healthcare is pretty much gone so somebody has to pick up the tab unless you want to move to anarchy . 
  amazon ceo has a good attitude toward the whole thing despite the fact they treat workers terrible or perhaps he 's just pandering so his head is n't called for with the rest of the 0.01 % [ jeff bezos amazon ceo the pitchforks are coming ... for us plutocrats ] ( http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2014/06/the-pitchforks-are-coming-for-us-plutocrats-108014.html#.vbwmhpsswlm ), 
  in that case so does russia since they actually built part of the freaking thing in st petersberg, 
  u wot m8, 
  | for the uk, 
  i am one of that 40 % `` under the illusion '' as you say as opposed to the crazy `` think of the children '' types that actually think russia would attack an eu country  they still do n't understand how deeply we 're tied with the west oh no i do understand i just think taking sides is the easiest and worst way for any state to lose their sovereignty since they are then forced to tow the line of the bigger power for better or worse . 
  at least when non aligned you can play both off each other . 
  somehow israel taking shit they have no claim to does n't surprise me, 
  wow the 1 % sure have been working harder and harder all this time i suppose because they is the only way money comes into peoples hands / s there are plenty of billionaires like jeff bezos who openly admit if things keep going their heads will be on a plate and for good reason .
