  * wow , i do n't even ... * the subreddit that screams about russian propaganda actively upvoting and consuming nato produced and distributed propaganda . 
  and before someone screams at me , i know everything presented is true but like all propaganda it 's how the truth is spun that makes the difference . 
  paid in `` likes '' and resulting social credibility i guess . 
  except you wrongly claimed i was some russian shill even though it was totally inaccurate, 
  ohh i could tell you all about certain mods here and their deletions , let me guess would they have a username that would n't look out of place on a slipknot lp . 
  i wonder what it is they would like to cover up this time, 
   which story is that exactly ? 
  the `` fuck russia '' narrative i see everywhere . 
  last thing i want in the world is for people to be dehumanized into supporting a war there or even thinking it 's semi justified . 
  have you not seen this subreddit lately , it 's a total military circle jerk with posts about humvees and jet trainings on a daily basis . 
  i 'm 99 % sure the average citizen was worse off in the east but i 'm saying comparing some silly gdp numbers is not the way to verify that . 
  i 'm sorry but please enlighten me as to how gdp figures can relate to the soviet union considering how their economies were so different ? 
   i 'm no economist so my notions of gnp/gdp/ppp reliability as metrics are limited . 
  i did want to point out , however , that regardless what metric is used , the underlying issue of fake data would render it unreliable . 
  it 's obvious most people do n't have any notions about how irrelevant those figures are but they sure do seem useful to spin a story and present a narrative that most people do n't possess the understanding to question . 
  there really is no comparable metric to compare quality of life since so many things were not turned into commodity 's in the su , your productions numbers were they accurate wold be good as would social mobility , wealth inequality , unemployment rates , average working week , birth rates ( since satisfied people have kids ) , poverty levels , suicide etc all tell a better story . 
  considering gdp figures are being massaged all the time just like this : [ accounting for drugs and prostitution to help push uk economy up by # 65bn ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2014/jun/10/accounting-drugs-prostitution-uk-economy-gdp-eu-rules ) nobody can say western figures are not being manipulated these days as well in order to make some economies look better on paper, 
  if you wanted to point out something useful why did n't you also point out gdp is not even a good measure of a western economy and even less relevant when trying to compare standards of living in an economy that does n't turn everything into a commodity . 
  `` how can i boost my gdp when we give everyone free houses '' / communist problems, 
  well thanks for a real response , did n't know you had any brains for a minute there , you should show them more often . 
  still does n't change the fact your post is a heavily loaded bowl of hate-filled soup . 
   that is also why you are them , and you are the enemy of the free world . 
  lol , so being opposed to neo-conservationism makes me the enemy of the free world now , i knew it was unfortunately becoming a dominant pos ideology but damm i guess i should find myself on a terrorist watch list soon but i guess i 'd never travel to the land of the enemy anyway , am i rite ? 
   i am studying international law and policy with our actual foreign minister if you have n't begun to grasp how the real world works yet then i guess you have n't been learning much so far . 
  you should know very well how the neo-con playbook goes being in romania , privatize everything , introduce foreign capital to drive up asset prices , drive out local competition either by undercutting them or regulating them out of existence and then jack prices when nobody can reenter the market you now own or have you not watched what has happened to romanian land prices when foreign capital was relaxed or water prices post privatization ? 
  this generation will be fine as they all own their homes from soviet times but the next will join the rat race and see how modern capitalism is n't all it 's worked out to be anymore . 
  its amazing how much you want to believe it will be somehow different this time while western europe falls to shit as the us has the eastern countries with no morals running cia black sites in return for kind words , investment and a few crumbs . 
  it 's becoming obvious to me there is as big a gulf between eastern and western europe as there is usa , the eastern europe people embrace cutthroat american capitalism without labor movements and minimum standards meanwhile in western europe unionization and living standards are being lowered and lowered thanks to people willing to undercut workers and more labour being made available all of a sudden . 
   putinbots like you whats with the ad hominem dude , please back it up , i dare you . 
  fact is it 's easier to say some crap like that when what i do is expose the bots and demand actual proof over rhetoric like that fake rocket guy but yet you probably think one of those ukrainebots have a right to post propaganda . 
  what annoys me is the fact this subreddit is a reactionary circle jerk at the best of times and glaringly oblivious naive to real geopolitics and how it functions at worst . 
  hilarious considering `` us vs them '' also the new adopted cult of this subreddit as well . 
  actually finnish highways are built to double as runways in many parts of the country , of course you ca n't hanger planes there but it does at least make for possibility of dispersing them more of things start to get hot, 
   the finnish defense forces already made the order for jassm air-to-ground missile that have reach of over 370km . 
  this means that the finnish fighters can hit targets in st. petersburg and the area around it . 
  so even less reason to need a stealth fighter then . 
  look i agree the hornet jets are too old for purpose but in terms of value for money and getting the most out of our small budget f-35 seems like overkill . 
  how many of them can finland realistically afford ? 
  if anything a few good planes make for a great priority first strike target ... and then what ? 
  the f-35 is still an untested plane with a very high maintenance cost and then you are tying yourself to the usa military machine for decades to come . 
  if planes must be bought i would much rather we support european industry and get more good rafale/grippen planes than a few pedigree highly strung f-35 's . 
   in my honest opinion , we need stealth , we need capability to launch strikes against targets in st. petersburg and kola peninsula or even deeper inside russia to make raise the cost of invading finland . 
  well thats goes against finnish military * defence * doctrine right there , you think striking st. petersburg would not escalate things to nuclear level in any of your potential scenarios ? 
  as much of a redicilous thought that a russian invasion in finland is , striking st. petersburg sounds even more crazy and if it ever got to that stage where it would be necessary there would be no shortage of f-35 's willing to help out i 'm sure . 
  unless finland was n't to go pushing well beyond it 's own lines there is no need for stealth planes , also nothing can guarantee todays stealth is good tomorrow either . 
  i know our government loves wasting money but if they must buy needless warplanes they could at least buy better value ones that that pos . 
  i heard it 's afraid of the cold too . 
   he also has 5000 euros left which he invests . 
  meaning his propensity to consume is 0,5 : for every euro he earns , he consumes 0,5 euros and invests 0,5 euros . 
  you pay tax on any income from investments or write it off against tax should you lose money in investments . 
  either way it 's counted as part of your income, 
  so you actually do want ww3 then ? 
  as thats pretty much how i sum up that post, 
  why would they want to give up control of their monetary policy to germany ? 
  they seem to be doing fine without it too . 
  damm thats a sweaty putin , i 'm going to go with flu, 
  oh yea now i see what you mean , maybe he realized their colours were clashing and he changed it, 
  it 's the same tie https://pbs.twimg.com/media/canqxldukaagcff.jpg:large https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cansqerweaap4jl.jpg:large, 
  you could be right , when it comes down to it i think many people are relieved we are n't dealing with a succession struggle and the instability that goes along with it . 
  i 'm pretty sure the media and photographers there right now are n't all in on the conspiracy . 
  it 's been reported by reuters too so i 'm pretty sure it 's him . 
  [ not as trollish as i thought his return would be i must say ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ielrocy.gif ) and [ for those wondering if it 's a double ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cansqerweaap4jl.jpg:large ), 
   on 9 gag clearly targeting the lowest common denominator i see . . smart, 
  [ sorry ukrainian only work for free ] ( http://www.themoscowtimes.com/article.php?id=516477 ), 
  do n't they already have one [ n.s.f.abbott ] ( http://i.imgur.com/w36sog2.jpg ), 
   socialite-turned-journalist let me guess she posts a satirical political cartoon on twitter now and again, 
  taking a leaf out of the david cameron playbook i see, 
  makes sense , putin just dropped his american pr firm last week http://money.cnn.com/2015/03/12/media/russia-putin-pr-ketchum/, 
   it 's hard to conceive of what could shut down the presidential twitter other than death or extreme debilitation . 
  it truly is a wonderful age we are living in . 
  / r/rocketgate, 
  i wo n't pretend to know the true situation but from what i know ( my mom is from ireland ) fields are small for drainage reasons because for starters it rains like fuck there and secondly much of the soil if of a `` grey '' type which has very poor drainage property 's . 
  small fields are much more conducive to better drainage as you can run open drains between then and you find this in the north and west , in the east and south big farms are much more common . 
  `` head of the 9/11 conspiracy movement '' i did n't know there was such a role and no what you say is 100 % false, 
  next you 'll probably say breitbart is centre right xd, 
  just so i can relieve myself from calling you on the ad hominem please show me one thing she has reported that could be called russian propaganda , it must exist since you are so sure of it right . 
  she is the only person working there i have true respect for and it 's becasue she does n't question her morals for her employer . 
  i could have picked any number of other journalists i respect like chris hedges , cenk uygur , robert novak or the late hunter s. thompson but i choose to rustle jimmies for people like you instead  my point is , good journalists wont represent their network and very often get themselves in trouble becasue of it as did abby . 
  i think this is a perfect example of a sustainable countryside community in the 21st century . 
  each house has it 's own quadrant of land emanating from the center to grow crops and the fact the houses are together fosters community and makes it more cost efficient to provide amenity 's like electricity , water , internet , sewerage to the community . 
  to a wannabe hippy like me this is the ideal village, 
   same problem i do n't see how it 's a `` problem '' if people want to live off their land and lead a simple life they should not be penalized for it either , in fact i read smallholding is becoming more and more popular as more people can now work remotely from home in a mentally challenging job and then switch off in the evenings and work a few acres of land to relax and grow some organic food . 
  if i ever settle down that 's my plan . 
  i take it back , you are correct and i do read the economist just to see the prevailing thought among our captains of industry but the thing is the views presented there mainly reflect the deregulated , free market ethos of the uk and usa and i 'm sick and tired the way they talk down the scandanavian welfare state . 
  the only way they quantify everything is in terms of monetary benefit and not social benefit , of course i should expect that from a paper called the economist but to most people money is not everything , on the opposite end of that scale you have the guardian which is becoming sjw clickbait since that is what guarantees the most `` shares '' on facebook these days . 
  at some point when you keep reading articles about how finland would improve so much if it just deregulated this and that it starts becoming neo-liberal propaganda to advance the privatization of everything and make us change our policy 's to what those british authors would like . 
  you know what i ca n't fault you at all on that analysis , i know the bias of the economist as well as anyone and adjust accordingly . 
  i should call it what it is , conservative , right wing but a hell of a lot better than the rehashed content later presented by tabloid sites such as the daily beast and the washington free beacon . 
  while the wsw is pretty ok , if you are not a pro globalization capitalist the economist has nothing for you . 
  i agree the economist is not untrustworthy per say but constantly hearing one side of an argument kinda seems too circle-jerky . 
  when i read news i expect it to challenge my perceptions somewhat and i do n't believe any media outlet that only shows one side can be considered intellectually trustworthy . 
   wall street journal and the economist , like others have said . 
  assuming you view the world from a right wing financial outlook ,, 
  i do n't think any news source is 100 % trustworthy . 
  i do however still believe in journalistic integrity and instead of following news outlets i follow specific journalists that i trust based on their previous record . 
  even then journalists have bias but once you understand it you can look past it . 
  for example one of my highest regarded journalists is [ abby martin ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abby_martin ) who actually works for rt ( mob downvotes incoming ) she 's the same person who [ criticized the crimean annexation on air ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zolxrjgibjs ) and has done amazing coverage of [ guantanamo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erlrwykmxj4 ) +1 % movement , net neutrality , money in politics , and is an all round progressive , futurist . 
  at the same time i see she has a overly pro palestinian bias and so i have to discount that sometimes, 
   whataboutism [ 1 ] will come into play . 
  oh stfu , you ca n't just invent a term for a perfectly valid argument aimed solely at discrediting same argument and then use it as a rebuttal .
