  i probably put in 12-15 hours of work per week into those measly few credits . 
  most of those in my class were erasmus students or even one year exchange students and were learning to pass the test as opposed to learning to master the language . 
  becasue i do n't understand the message you are trying to convey . 
  i do n't even get this `` populist '' word , why not just say popular . 
  any hey just to add something to the conversation here if you look at the track record of our popular policies put forward to the government for consideration via the citizens initiative they are not exactly `` dae hate monsanto '' becasue by and large most people have a pretty good idea whats going on in the world . 
  problem is every one of these sensible and popular proposals was shot down and ignored by our governemtnt . 
  [ google translate screenshot for you ] ( http://i.imgur.com/78f9bq2.png ) there is a certain point where this shit just gets plain undemocratic and ttip has gone way beyond that line . 
   blatant manipulation of the public ** for their own ends . 
  ** and what would those ends be ... representative democracy , actual will of the people being implemented ? 
  one would swear you were hinting at some nefarious * populist * plot . 
  at the end of the day if you do n't like what the majority of people want maybe you should you know move somewhere that embraces the values you believe in . 
  why should the majority of people bend to your desires ? 
   does it really matter if our representatives see it now or later ? 
  yes it really does because otherwise our ( american ) representatives will only be allowed to yes/no vote on a final deal which will be tailored to get as much bad shit in there as possible and rammed up the hole of democracy with a media brainwashing campaign of `` you against this then that means you are against jobs , growth blah blah blah and it 's yes or no , meaning no discussion , no talk of removing obviously toxic parts and no debate . '', 
  this is not the savana jeff arguement of we can all decide on it once we have the agreement , this is about making sure no matter what they come up with it can be framed in a take it or leave it all manner which has nothing in common with democracy . 
  you mean you are unhappy that this now is n't a `` we agree with whatever you think is best '' deal now ? 
  i thought you were all about government being able to review the final texts and decide on what 's best democratically after all the facts are known . 
  i mean why exactly would you be against congress being able to disagree with parts of the final deal ? 
  too much democracy and `` fuck the plebs '' i 'm thinking . 
  to me there is nothing leftist about that woman , stereotypical sjw would be more accurate . 
  for me you lose all claim to that title when you abuse your own status to further an agenda be it race , sex or whatever . 
  in this case she abused her own self proclaimed `` minority '' status . 
  yes most people in the left myself inclused strive for equality in society but once you abuse your own position to attain it you lost the argument already, 
  ahh i see the old realpolitik is relevant today again . 
  irrelevant and a relic of the 19th century again tomorrow when russia claims a sphere of influence . 
  fyi : i know it never went away, 
  but the uk can into without human rights ? 
  he gave you his own work and made quite an effort . 
  it seems like you have n't put in nearly much effort as him and that 's where i draw the line . 
  try ctrl + f, 
  wow you really are a special bread of troll are n't you, 
  well i 've always said libertarians will be the death of us all, 
  lots of people here seem to really want to believe politicians would n't deceive them . 
  she bought fake likes to boost her own profile . 
  yea and after the defeat of germany russia started the invasion of manchuria in fact historians still argue if it was this or the bomb that truly made japan capitulate as they both happened at the same time . 
  history is written by the winners yo, 
  russia * technically * is n't dealing with ukraine yet , arming ukraine may just make it so however . 
   i mean lethal weapons and all that yea that 's not going to help you in the slightest . 
  russia has made it 's position clear , recognize their breakaway state or they keep this going as long as you like . 
  same here , to put it into a personal situation me and my wife were thinking to have our first child . 
  hearing that kokoomus are going to be in government again and knowing the neo liberal paradise they believe in just moved us to putting it off for another few years knowing that day care , child benefit and all that will take a hit for sure . 
  for starters you can bet your sweet ass they will reject the peoples initiative proposal on banning zero hours contracts too . 
  does anyone here not see a crossover between `` free speech '' and plain old `` anti-islam '' recently . 
  the shooting in the us happened at what was basically at competition with a cash prize for the best caricature of mohammad sponsored by some very anti-islam people . 
  at some point people have to wake up smell the coffee and realize a lot of these exhibitions are just fronts for anti islamic circle-jerking the same way pegida is . 
  not saying they should be banned either but lets call them what they really are . 
  i read something about our bodies having like an internal `` weight clock '' same as out body clock that takes time to adjust so that is interesting but i 'm not an expert in the field . 
  still hearing people talk about this starvation mode like dieting will literally cause them to gain weight makes my brain hurt and would n't surprise me if the same people thought famine ravaged peoples with their huge bellies were victims of this too . 
   you say `` calorie defec ** i ** t '' as if there is a specific amount that is ok and a specific amount that is not which seems like psuedo science . 
  no , i 'm clearly not a english scholar either but seriously the guy i 'm responding to is saying if you do n't eat enough calories every day you will literally die . 
  calories give us energy , anyone who has had to fast knows the effect of not consuming enough calories which is tiredness , lethargy and in the medium term ketosis when you body starts using stored fats for energy . 
  yea i was wrong , for whatever reason i thought the article was talking about a balance of trade surplus, 
  noted , my bad, 
  ~ ~ you do understand for one country to run a surplus another must be in defect , if this is the `` correct way '' then clearly nobody can ever achieve it . ~ ~ ~ ~ meanwhile germany refuses to take any measures to reduce their huge surplus which is just as big of a problem as greece 's defect . ~ ~ edit : never mind , thought this was about balance of trade . 
  i simply meant that if you do n't eat enough calories in your diet you will be tired and wont have the energy to use in the first place . 
  now i see what you meant, 
  simple rule , not hungry ... do n't eat, 
  you say `` calorie defect '' as if there is a specific amount that is ok and a specific amount that is not which seems like psuedo science . 
  if you maintain a calorie defect you may in fact have a little less energy than you once did but you wont die . 
  in fact that might explain how people who eat the same diet their whole lives gain weight over thirty as they are simply not as physically able as they once were but eat the same amount which is n't being used . 
  i 'm 29 , i do n't have any specific diet but i know i work a desk job so weight gain is possible due to the fact i 'm not out working in the fields like people used to , i still eat as much shit as the next person but the only difference is i eat tiny portions like one slice of toast/porridge for breakfast , bananna , yougurt and some sort of deli food/burger/general junk for lunch then bowl of muesli in the evening and maybe a snack later on . 
  no matter when i weigh myself over the past ten year i have been 180cm and 69kg + / 1 every time . 
  the only thing i consistently do is laziness as regards cooking food and eating small portions , i 'm hungry right now but i finish work in an hour and i know it 's proven our brains function better when hungry so i 'm happy to make that sacrifice and drink a glass of water to keep it at bay . 
  if i make a pizza when i go home and i 'm home alone i eat half and reheat the rest either for a lazy breakfast or tomorrow evening . 
  just out of curiosity since you seem to know a bit about this is n't there a link between slowing your metabolism and living longer the same way the hummingbird lives life fast and wild and the turtle slow and long ? 
  i also seen a bbc horizon documentary about how regular fasting can keep you fitter and healthier for longer . 
  it 's also shown muslims who observe ramadan are much healthier than those who do n't [ eat , fast & live longer ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xvdbtt_eat-fast-live-longer-hd_shortfilms ), 
  i was n't suggesting that either , i figures you just play devils advocate here on behalf of business and thats only helping . 
  basic premise , countries run cooperations not the other way around . 
  there should be no reason to be afraid unless that is n't true, 
   as i understand trick is that subsidiary keeps the money to itself . 
  it only become taxable in us when apple claims those profits . 
  thats correct , every now and then they strike a deal with the irs to pay little to no tax in order to repatriate the money . 
   so even if we would do like you propose and we get rid of those double dutch sandwich or whatever the name was keeping money in subsidiaries out of eu/us might still be an issue . 
  well i ca n't believe this is coming out of my left wing mouth but maybe we need to bring a bit of freedom \u2122 to the cayman islands in that case . 
  hell you do n't even need to go the freedom route , cut them off from swift and that 's it problem solved . 
  feel free to call me a populist or whatever but the sort of arguments you put out are exactly what big business hides behind and ttip will only solidify their position further in that regard . 
  people see through the bullishit and even though they might not have the answer ( not saying i have the answer either ) its obvious it would n't take much to change things if the people in power really wanted and that is exactly why you have so much jingoism surrounding things like ttip and eurosceptic partys . 
  it 's a festering pit of people who have just become too jaded with all the excuses to care any more and just say no becasue they are done with the excuses . 
  yea i think they are in the caymans but still they simply ca n't lose the us and eu market , it would kill their company and no good operating on their little island . 
  the thing is consensus on this is not going to be hard to get from the people of pretty much every country on the planet but some people seems to have decided pushing the issue is n't important and austerity is better ... sigh, 
   i think there are two reasons why capital stays in the country . 
  one is that country provide protection . 
  usa is great example . 
  other one is that country provide some unique ( or unique to owners at least ) features . 
  i would accept ttip tomorrow if there was a line that said ... `` right as signatory countries we all agree cooperation taxes on big multinational businesses will be set at 25 % , if one country breaks this rule they will be hauled before xyz secret court and be fined . '', 
  thats the us and eu markets sown up right there , copy that with ttp/tisa and you have basically got global control of capital and taxation right there becasue no company can afford to lose those markets . 
  thats how east it would be , look at all the work thats being done on regulatory compliance , standardization and so on but try and fix the obvious problem that is amazon paying 1.5 % tax on it 's earnings in europe ... nope too difficult some people on this sub think i 'm a maniac because i hate the west or something but i hate the shits running it as they have absolutely no interest in doing the right thing and now i 'm jaded and sick of it . 
   progressive tax for corporations ? 
  great , overnight biggest companies moves to cyprus , lithuania , germany or wherever . 
  let 's be realistic . 
  lets be realistic , should corporations run countries or should countries run corporations . 
  i think 99 % of people think the latter so in this world of amazing communications how hard should it be to get everyone to agree on a standard rate of tax . 
  it just goes to show how bad human nature is that nobody will just say `` right enough of this shit '', 
  always entertaining to see libertarians get smacked in the face by the real world . 
  i guess they will have to put that mini nuclear power station they were planning on hold for a while, 
  if you need to ask that question i do n't even ... ... 
  think about it you have another human inside you , what is more important in the world than getting that thing out alive and using every tool available to you in order to make that happen . 
  child mortality rate typically indicates the level of resources available and overall development and ability of a country to make sure that kid is born healthy . 
  / u/goldman _ ct is correct and the people downvoting him clearly have no idea what really matters in most people lives .
