  i do n't believe in using military might to solve problems . 
  now how much of those views would you say ncp support ? 
   liberal , not conservative well liberal and conservative are nowhere near each other on the political axis so we need to break that down but for sure they are not liberal since they a lot of their party voted down gay marriage . 
  ncp are to me what you would call neo conservative , to me it represents an evil brand of right wing fiscal and foreign policy and `` liberal '' in the sense of `` everyone should be free to do what they want '' little regulation , low taxes , less social supports . 
  as someone else pointed out ncp do n't even get neo liberal correctly since they could n't muster up enough balls to carry the gay marriage vote showing their true conservative nature . 
  they are essentially the finnish chapter of the american republican party, 
   finland ? 
  damn those pesky finns again . 
  `` we '' as in the collective `` we '' `` the west '' even if you will . 
  how many rebels turned terrorists does the us and it 's friends need to inadvertently support before you wake up and smell what 's in front of you . 
  there is already a shitload of us weapons gone to is via , was it al nusera that turned and decided to fight with is rather than aganst them . 
  i do n't follow ti as closely as i did but i know for a fact john mccain is pictured with more middle eastern terrorists as usual while plenty of `` rebels '' have turned `` terrorist '' hell if the us was handing out free weapons i can resell on the black market , i 'd probably lie and tell them what they want to hear as well . 
  unfortunately there is little but conservative in finnish politics . 
  i voted for piraattipuolue but going to be a long time and a new generation before we see any paradigm shift here i 'm afraid . 
  if anything i take some happiness in seeing those neo-cons in kokoomus get kicked to the kerb . 
  hopefully stub tweets a picture of some crocodile tears to finish it off . 
  if anything i 'm a little happier with the overall situation than last time . 
  the finns are actually pretty sound on economic matters so would n't hurt to see them and keskusta lead government with the ape as minister for finance and perhaps his everyday finn persona will convince some people reform really is needed . 
  no but `` we '' supported and probably partaken in sending free weapons to the some friendly revels , who then go to war with the government and create a power vacuum for extremists to flourish . 
  the problem as i see is is assad did n't crack down hard enough or met too much resistance from the `` freedom fighters '' the west was supporting . 
  in short there is no rights or wrongs , assad ai n't a saint but most people support him and the west prolonging some proxy war there is only making things worse . 
  yea okay ... the fucked up politics in libya and syria have * nothing * to do with europe whatsoever ? 
   just lay it right out for us and we 'll tear it to shreds . 
  i 've done my best already thanks to a lynch mob at my door . 
  damm , such a pity they ai n't hiring ` myth-busters ' on propaganda in general . 
  i have quite the resume and would n't that make more sense, 
  a russian and european energy and production union working closer together was europe 's only change to break away from being under the thumb of the usa , they knew it , we took the bait and we fucked it up big time by letting the usa play us off against each other . 
   i believe that the world should be ruled by one government , that is not elected and is a benevolent dictatorship . 
  lord rothschild is that you ? 
  as god as my witness lithumania 's broken the ukraine in half !!, 
  ... have ya no soul bah gawd king that man has a family, 
  i count german imperialism via the amount of lidl and aldi stores i see popping up everywhere . 
  we already had the lidl invasion , now i 'm awaiting the other one , 
  hope the mods do n't mind that i 've used the video caption as title caption here since that 's all i 'm drawing attention to it 's the most interesting thing about the article as well imo . 
   you are seeking compensation to keep information quiet . 
  no i am seeking compensation for the actual ( costed ) pr work i 'm doing bringing information about bad practices to the company 's and public 's attention . 
  once the company in question buys the product they are free to do with it what they want . 
  if what they want is for me to not keep such info public domain and use it for their own internal consumption that 's their choice . 
  in my business model initially i am working for the public pro-bono , if the company decides to hire me i am then bound to their wishes . 
   it 's extremely unethical and illegal in most countries . 
  unethical , lol . 
  you mean to tell me highlighting bad business practices is unethical . 
  lets say for example , internet company a has a redicilous bit of fine print in their contract that says you can have a 10gb data plan for $ 4.99 but as soon as you go over 10gb we will charge you $ 1 per 10mb . 
  i will work in the public good pointing out how this is a terribly unfair practice as the user has no idea and is not informed when they go over their allowance , the overage rate is a multitude of times better than the package price and it would be much better to cap the connection speed instead of charge in this way . 
  i will advise the company in question about this and charge them lets sat $ 499 for my analysis . 
  should they not take my advice on board i feel it 's my duty to inform the consumer , advise them to contact their local lawmaker to maybe request better regulation , create petitions and advocacy pieces through social media and the bloggersphere . 
  i am now again working for the public but will be billing for my time without payment . 
  if the company in question decides to pay for my work that 's up to them and once they have my ear i will simply do what they wish . 
  and you think the above case would be somehow `` immoral '' ? 
  it 's certainly not illegal or would you care to hazard a guess what laws i am breaking there ? 
  i guess what i was trying to say is that in the physical world it 's pretty easy to make things illegal such as murder . 
  they are generally pretty definite and it 's easy to see whats going on . 
  in the information/lobby world things are never clear . 
  in the same example if i pay a reputation management company to manage my online rep , interface with customers and so on , then they go and solicit fake reviews on their own accord so they can say to me `` look at what a great job we are doing '' it 's very hard to say i did anything illegal since i just figured they were doing a good job . 
  in any industry like that be it advertising or bribing once you maintain a degree of separation you can often claim ignorance . 
  you are not wrong , although i would n't ' call it `` defending '' i have a pretty old school geopolitical mind and i think ukraine and the west in general is naive to think they can simply pull ukraine out of russia 's sphere of orbit . 
  it 's nothing to do with defending russia , i have no love at all for the nation but in the case of this war i think neither side is right , ( russia is causing chaos , the west should just drop it ) i guess you could say i take the academic argument about provoking russia with nato expansion and this is their final line . 
  me too but you know other services will generally improve to fill the void , the worst thing is losing my familiarity but with all the stories i head of google leveraging their advertising standards to cut off revenue to politically sensitive sites i 'm starting to think not being too reliant on them is a good thing . 
  the case in point i 'm talking about is how they selectively told antiwar.com they would no longer allow them to earn money from their sponsored ad service due to graphic images in an article they had no problem serving ad 's on for three years prior to the complaint . 
   it 's called extortion . 
  ha , how is it extortion if i 'm doing all the work of identifying , costing and demonstrating to the customer how one aspect of a business is either too expensive , unethical etc. 
  it 's up to the business in question to either change their own practices , if do n't feel there is something wrong with the way they are doing things there should be nothing wrong in me seeking to highlight that right ? 
  competing businesses already highlight to the consumer how they are better than their competitors , why should i not work for the consumer and keep companies who have bad business practices on their toes ? 
  unfortunately there is little than be made illegal as far as pr and reputation are concerned , i mean sure it 's illegal to solicit fake reviews about your restaurant/corporation or whatever but there is nothing to stop you hiring a chinese company to do it for you and claim you did n't know they were doing stuff they should n't . 
  i would love for all lobbying to be made illegal but the same interests will find other ways to spread their message , make lobbying illegal and you will only push the same people to put their money into research that aims to show their way is the right way . 
  yea that 's whats the advantage is right now but give enough incentive to move elsewhere and it will drop on the list of priority 's, 
  you are pretty much right and that is exactly the problem i ca n't quite iron out in the business model , the best `` fix '' i can think is to also incorporate funding like labor unions do where people know we are standing up for them and representing them and willing to become subscribers or members and generate base funding that way . 
   in the end your company lost money and ca n't afford to threaten the next on the list . 
  you go bankrupt and i `` win '' well they say pr is not a zero sum game , yes i would lose some money but all the negative information about you company is out there and all negative information we publish about you will remain public domain forever . 
  pay up and it goes away for good . 
  the fancy infographs and so on will be circulated by grassroots activists indefinitely . 
  pay us for our services in generating them and they will be subject to removal for breech of copyright . 
  of course some people may get angry with us as we `` give up '' a campaign for good but i still think the net benefit outweighs the net bad . 
   what do the courts say ? 
  advocacy and paid advocacy is not a crime once you comply with all the laws , there is of course laws about leaving false reviews and testimony 's which everyone must comply with and you mat not publish false or misleading information ( positive or negative )  has anyone ever done something like this before ? 
  not that i 'm aware of , i would love to do it myself because the potential exposure you could get from being a unique activist/negative pr firm fighting the good fight would only bring more exposure to your campaigns . 
  every day i read more and more news about scientists and research papers being `` bought '' , bloggers are bought , commentators are bought . 
  at this point no matter where you turn for information there is someone taking a pay check to give you the `` right '' information . 
  they cynic in me says `` they will fight you '' and that 's why i 've not quit my job and created this as a startup just yet , as george carlin says , `` scratch the surface of a cynic and you will find a defeated idealist '' i 'm not defeated yet but knowing how the other side of the pr/lobby machine works it would n't be an easy fight for sure . 
   but if i was to answer this seriously i would say that it 's clearly a union between one strong party and weaker satellites who from time to time rebel against mother russia . 
  that sounds way too much like germany 's position in the eu for my liking . 
   if everyone could apply the perfect seo , there would be no seo . 
  or negative seo , unfortunately seo is more of an arms race now than anything , do n't like that your competitor has a better search rank than you ... send some spammy backlinks their way, 
   france are n't that important in the grand scheme of things . 
  in reality neither are google . 
  kick them out of the market and let alternatives develop to take their place . 
  a kickstart to innovation would n't necessarily be a bad thing . 
  this can be a good thing , ovh are huge . 
  if there was honest national politicians out there in europe they would be thinking `` how much jobs we can poach if we bring in laws protecting data privacy '' finland please step up , we have a cold climate and cheap electricity , everything a data-center/hosting provider needs . 
  national governments needs to be shown they ca n't act against their citizens and consumers, 
   how would the bill them for advertising a negative aspect of their business ? 
  simple , pretty much the same way you bill for positive campaigns * formulate a brief action strategy focusing on the aspect of their business model you intend to focus on , avenues you wish to peruse and so on . 
  * provide a detailed costing of how you intend to do this , ( paid blog posts , social media campaigns , supporting existing activist groups , lobbying of political figures , highlighting their competitor advantages and so on ) * give them a way out based on perceived negative impact the campaign could have on their operations and how much benefit the said company gains from their bad business practices . 
  `` we feel this campaign could ~ ~ boost ~ ~ hurt your revenue by $ x , xxx , xx in it 's first four weeks with a cost to us of $ xxx , xx . 
  we will stop our campaign now for a small price or we can continue with it and bill you for same amount plus our accrued costs if you change your mind at a later stage . 
  essentially it would work exactly the same as a regular pr campaign using all the same methods but in reverse . 
  just like there is an army of people out there who take money to advance corporate interests there is just as many activists who would gladly take money to support their side . 
  the problem is getting such a company to a position where companies know you are a force to be reckoned with and take you seriously . 
  i 'm sure some people would say that is no better than extortion but once the ethics are right i see it no different than using the same guns companies use every day but turning them on themselves and fact is when one side usually has money and the other only has good intentions it helps even the game somewhat . 
  problem is the lobby with most `` monetary upside '' will always be stronger .
