  i should know since i work for a pr firm , money = speech . 
  i 've had ideas of how to make the more ethical and grassroots causes get better publicity like the concept of `` reverse pr '' where i would tell a company `` hey my company is going to promote < this very negative aspect of your business  and charge you for our cumulative time until you pay us not to and we sign a contract to that effect '' . 
  in an unethical world that is the closest i 've got to creating a business model to lobby for good causes as a certain amount should be willing to pay up before you send them an even bigger bill for your time spent working against them . 
  it would be kind of like a workers union but for information . 
  if only i had more time to put it into practice but currently i must work and that 's the catch 22 . 
  add * this * one simple trick , and you just created a business insider article, 
  it 's funny how right wingers are actually the most afraid of anyone else gaining power . 
  live and let live . 
  you keep bombing and putting who you want in power then maybe you will have a problem, 
  lets not forget it 's run by a small gang of no more than a few thousand who own 99 % of the wealth . 
  me and you do n't even figure . 
  we 're like the bitches who back up the mean girls as some day they might accept us . 
  wow for once i actually agree with you , except i see it as a pretty cruel injustice seeing as most that power is wielded by 1 % of that 2/7 of the population whereas you think its something your country can get a share of . 
  except i 'm the one who goes out of my way in the 5-6 posts i made on this topic today to provide western sources . 
  anyway you seem way more polarized on this topic to me so good luck with that . 
  then why did ukraine and their monitors agree right sector started an attack yesterday taking the town of pisky you reactionary - * oh wait i 'm not as low as you * some people just do n't posses the ability to be impartial and take each incident on their merits i guess . 
   [ relevant ocse report ] ( http://www.osce.org/ukraine-smm/150696 )  both the ukrainian armed forces representative and the russian federation representative to the joint centre for control and co-ordination ( jccc ) told the smm that the ukrainian side ( assessed to be the right sector volunteer battalion ) earlier had made an offensive push through the line of contact towards zhabunki ( `` dpr '' - controlled , 14km west-north-west of donetsk ) , but the smm was not able to verify this . 
   and nobody is buying your narrative that anybody but russia is wholly and entirely to blame for their war and invasion of ukraine . 
  i 'm talking about the incidents and escalations of the past 48 hours and how they are curiously timed with talks on sanctions and g7 you foul mouthed frog , ( sorry i could n't help myself after all ), 
  wow , you almost had me then lost it at the very end, 
   eu leaders have said easing economic sanctions on russia , which the bloc accuses of fueling the war in ukraine , requires full compliance with a cease-fire agreement negotiated in belarus in february . 
  hmm , makes me think of the escalation in eastern ukraine by right sector over the past few days a bit differently . 
  at first i was surprised ukrainian side broke the truce but maybe they wanted to provoke a response from the separatists so the eu will keep sanctions on russia . 
   we 're in the process of adding more moderators to deal with the workload where there be a public consultation/open application process ? 
   an anti-personnel mine exploded at the side of the road , sending a shockwave full of shrapnel into the crowd . 
  four people were fatally wounded , including two teenage boys , and nine others were hospitalized . 
  how did the mine detonate ? 
  i want to maintain unbiased but i do n't see how you can solely blame the rebels for that if somebody triggered it accidentally . 
  mines are unfortunately buried everywhere now and the longer this goes on the more people forget about locations . 
  anyway rather than play the blame game i will wait and hope one side takes initiative to not escalate this even further . 
  `` takes two to tango '' seems relevant right now, 
  i 'm not trying to cherrypick and while i 'm not following this as closely as i used to i 'm aware skirmishes have been escalating in recent weeks but all in all there has been relatively few deaths up until now . 
  my basic understanding is the airport and donetsk came under attack sunday and monday , significant amounts of mortar fire was exchanged with right sector and rebels clashing at pisky and the result being right sector claiming they took the town . 
  from that and what i read in the ocse report i 'm working with a basic idea that right sector took the initiative here, 
  except there is no evidence or claims suggesting the rebels started this offensive and in fact quite the opposite seems to be true according to the ocse . 
  i 'm reserving judgment and at the same time i think you are jumping the gun in the blame game there . 
  last i read right sector and other vigilante groups were being absorbed into the military command and structure . 
  english sources are hard to come by but wikipedia gives some words to that effect http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/right_sector#legal_status  after the start of hostilities with russia many volunteers formed their own groups in the form of territorial defense battalion ( ukraine ) . 
  however , these battalions are legal parts of various ukrainian security agencies most serving under the ministry of defense or the ministry of interior and their volunteers are required to follow orders of the commanders appointed to these agencies . 
  then there is also the fact the leader of right sector has been made advisor to the ukrainian armed forces just over a week ago so it 's pretty hard to claim they acted independent of military command . 
   ukrainian general staff chief viktor muzhenko has agreed to appoint dmytro yarosh , the leader of right sector as an advisor to the ukrainian armed forces commander in chief , the ukrainian defense ministry said on april 5 evening . 
  i 'm genuinely surprised how it 's ukraine who seems to have kick-started this latest escalation , would have thought they would n't want to give the rebels casus belli to take more land . 
  [ relevant ocse report ] ( http://www.osce.org/ukraine-smm/150696 )  both the ukrainian armed forces representative and the russian federation representative to the joint centre for control and co-ordination ( jccc ) told the smm that the ukrainian side ( assessed to be the right sector volunteer battalion ) earlier had made an offensive push through the line of contact towards zhabunki ( `` dpr '' - controlled , 14km west-north-west of donetsk ) , but the smm was not able to verify this . 
   think about what would happen if uk military experts tried to inspect russian arms depots or even movement of military equipment . 
  * `` defence sources said it was `` routine '' and russian officers had last made similar official visits last year . 
  british officers have not made similar inspections in russia since 2010 though . 
  '' * seems they could do just that under the same treaty but for whatever reason were n't bothered to do so . 
  this all reads like diplomatic trolling anyway, 
  i lost it at , [ `` lets hit the rrrroad , but before we do , lets not forgettt the beer . '', 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/r0iz_tezg7m?t=22m27s ), 
  talking common sense and speaking your thoughts and own mind instead of political doublespeak is promoting yourself now ? 
  i get that the media is pretty friendly with yanis but as far as i can see he has n't changed one bit in the many years i 've been following his works . 
  no , we are worried about startups and how ending net neutrality would only help preserve the incumbents and disadvantage their startup competitors . 
  people like you piss me off so much with your snide `` tinfoil hattery '' remarks . 
  what is it you do n't believe goldman employees hold a lot of power in govnerment institutions ? 
  you think they do n't talk or maintain professional relationships ? 
  well let me name a few goldman boys who are shaping the governments and policy me an you live under * former treasury secretary henry paulson in charge of the us bailouts : former goldman ceo * secretary of treasury under bill clinton , robert rubin : chairman and coo of goldman sachs * governor of the bank of england mark carney : former co-head of sovereign risk and the list goes on and on and on , be it eu or usa http://www.cbsnews.com/news/goldman-sachs-revolving-door/, 
  it 's my belief you get to the vp or ceo position in an investment bank and not shoulder some blame for the fraud and theft that goes on within it . 
   so the eu knew about greece cooking the books and lending up to 15 % of gdp ? 
  source please . 
  goldman sachs knew and goldman boys have a nice habit of picking up power positions , just look at lists of central bankers around the world and see where many of them come from . 
  it 's a revolving door and if they did n't know they sure had to have doubts or were willfully blinded . 
   past greek governments kept stimulating greece 's economy by borrowing monstrous amounts of money to cover the deficit . 
      naturally , once the massive inflow of cash ceased and greece 's gdp could n't be kept artificially high , the economy deflated . 
      this does n't surprise anyone . 
  except if you look at the predictions the imf gave back five years ago about where greece would be now if they made the cuts they asked it becomes very clear they were wrong from from the start in their estimates and are still wrong . 
  hell why am i even trying to argue with you about this when they will tell you themselves [ imf concedes it made mistakes on greece ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/sb10001424127887324299104578527202781667088 )  it 's entirely immaterial who was hired to supply greek governments with the means to commit fraud and further bankrupt greece 's state . 
  i suppose it 's also highly immaterial that the same corrupt person who headed the organization who had no moral obligation to not commit or report the greek fraud is now head of the ecb ? 
  you think nowhere along his rise to power mario thought `` maybe i would n't be the best candidate for a job in an organization i helped defraud in the past ''  i really do n't understand how some people try to sell this idea that past greek governments had absolutely no responsibility in greece 's problems and current state by playing silly scapegoat games . 
  becasue moral hazard is n't a one way street , lenders have obligation to do their homework on their clients too . 
  it 's one of the general difference between lenders and loansharks , seems many eu banks got blindsided as a whole by the 2008 crash and now they want their money back and are going to break legs and counties until they get it . 
  a jpeg image with a very information packed narrative in the title . 
  just trying to keep the high standards here man . 
  if there is one thing syriza have shown me it 's that the power peoples you just named have no interest in what 's purely best for greece and are playing politics instead . 
  greece asking that their repayments to track economic growth seemed fair , if they grow , they repay more but seems * `` there must be no debt renegotiation '' * is all we hear coming from them . 
   so , what exactly is your definition of `` is n't working '' ? 
  their economy is still contracting despite rosy predictions of growth from the troika when they signed off on the bailout terms years back . 
  all predictions have since turned out to be way so to me that is a failure of austerity or whatever you want to call it . 
   in fact , only greece , which had to come clean with its fraudulent book-keeping , hid monstrous structural deficits , and repeatedly failed to implement basic reforms such as getting a tax system that actually works , is still in the red . 
  why is it only greece 's issue , why do n't you make reference to goldman sachs , ( at that time headed by now ecb golden boy mario draghi ) who signed off and the books and took payment . 
  you pretend like the eu was n't aware of the real problems and did n't turn a blind eye at all ... yea right . 
  if austerity is necessary to spur growth then why do n't the ecb agree to tie repayments to gdp growth so greece can get out of it 's debt spiral ? 
  that seems fair to me but somehow thats off the table it seems . 
  ireland worked as everyone who could n't get a job emigrated which massaged the statistics nicely , debt there is still rising and debt/gdp is huge , spain and portugal are still up for debate and in my mind only a few years behind greece on the same roadmap . 
  anyway i 'm not here to argue rights and wrongs of austerity , my point is both sides are too stubborn to back down , eu ca n't becasue of the precedent it sets and syriza ca n't either as they are too pure to their politics and the promise they made their people . 
  seems to be the only way right now . 
  even though the eu/ecb knows austerity is n't working they are too stubborn to `` give in '' to what we all know is common sense and syriza ca n't back down on their mandate either . 
  it should n't have to come to this but now we get the result where everyone loses, 
   a pattern is now emerging where osce is only collecting data where the rebels approve such collection . 
  some osce teams are commanded by russian representatives in them . 
  are n't people supposed to not editorialize titles here and provide sources for their claims ? 
  also op is a well known / r/ukraina troll account/serial poster or whatever you want to call someone who 's only reason their are on reddit is to advance their own viewpoint on a particular subject . 
  wait so a greek citizen can just move to germany , get a free house , language and food . 
  somehow i think there is a bit more to it than that is there ? 
  how can one be a double refugee if that 's indeed what they are . 
  ( acquire citizenship in greece , later be a refugee in germany ), 
   it 's just that most of them are spoken by small russian minorities . 
  so you 're saying we need to save those oppressed finno speaking minority 's in russia now ? 
  he already looks pretty baked in the picture too . 
  sorry for being a smartass in return,
