  i 'd be a cunt deserving to be called out if i pretended i 'm scottish and railed against scottish independence . 
  where do i pretend to be from ukraine ? 
   and who needs ad hominem when people can just look at your posting history [ 1 ] . 
  no you have not backed up your claim and i would like that you either do it or withdraw the accusation . 
  well i ca n't make you do anything but people who say shit and ca n't back it up are the worst types in my opinion, 
  i know , sniff sniff, 
  what has your comment got to do with the topic ? 
  and how do you even know here i 'm from eh ? 
   i 'm surprised you 've taken a break from sucking putin 's cock . 
  care to back up that ad hominem there bro ? 
  and yet people think we need more immigration, 
  i hear you now , so it 's like if you have money or savings of any sort you are not entitled . 
  that 's a real bad policy if you ask me because it basically encourages mindless consumerism when you do have money . 
   which you are n't allowed to save that sounds impossible to enforce and the opposite of every german monetary stereotype i know . 
  seriously how can you stop someone saving their welfare ? 
  ( if such a thing is even possible ), 
  from a ukrainian source . 
  i would say there is about a 50 % chance it 's accurate, 
   as a spaniard i believe  without catalonia it would become a very poor country says it all really, 
  now hopefully we can get some real analysis of what is contained and possible negative impacts . 
  do n't want to be a secondary douche but microwave and freezing cooked foo to reheat it later kills a lot of the goodness in it, 
  i do n't live in ukraine i live in western europe which is under no such threat . 
  putin however is what i would call a useful provocateur to weaken the power structures of the west and sow the seeds of discontent and rebellion . 
  it 's a fact that european economies are struggling because of sanctions so yes he is helping my cause . 
   like i said , you 're a stupid neckbeard with a inferiority complex who 's only reason for going against the grain is to grab attention . 
  same reason you have that flag . 
  lol keep telling yourself that to feel better , i 'll bet you are just a trapped stupid fool with a mortgage and car payments that cant fathom the possibility of their bubble world crashing down . 
  * there there little victim of the baby boomer generation *, 
  when peaceful means fail ... 
  so butthurt , ^ ^ i am just what you might call a simple anarchist , we had our maidan in 2008 if you have n't forgotten all across the western world but it was shut down forcefully by the police . 
  since my means to demonstrate peacefully were stopped i will support any threat to western power structures now . 
  i 'm 30 somthing and have worked in the public sector but quit after not being able to do anything about the copious amounts of wasted money and resources . 
  then worked in it for investment banking and left that after the institutional fraud was too much for my soul to take when i think about the world i 'm contributing/creating for my kid . 
  but yea sure call me teenage neckbeard if it makes you feel empowered and righteous , i 've seen it all and most the world is cancerous shit . 
   they loaned the money from west , yes . 
  but it 's not the fault of west money , it is the loan taker who is responsible of it as always . 
  that victim blaming excuse pisses me off to no end . 
  i 've seen bubble after bubble as i trade part time and every single time you will find governments and economists saying it 's all rosy up until `` well we could n't have seen that '' yes the vast majority of people are idiots for not seeing it coming but the government knows they are idiots too so it 's truely not fair to blame normal people . 
  apartment prices in helsinki/stockholm are in total bubble territory right now and but you find find queues of people buying houses that do n't exist yet because of a perceived shortfall . 
  after the mania ends or people can no longer afford the inflated prices we will get the crash . 
  i 've just finished reading goldman 's predicions for what will happen when the 0 % interest rates end and best case scenario is it 's not pretty and worse case is global depression http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2014-09-17/goldmans-former-head-housing-research-predicts-housing-crash-within-three-years . 
   90 's bank crises was n't the bank crises . 
  it was straight related to the fall of ussr . 
  finland lost its export markets . 
  russia could n't pay its debts . 
  the finnish currency became rubbish . 
  finnish society was finally free but lost . 
  the politicians and people understand that they must seek west and fast . 
  sadly they did n't join nato . 
  like the others : estonia , latvia , lithuania etc. 
  now they are facing the new ussr and they are fucked . 
  if they do n't understand to get up now . 
  thats a funy story you have there but it was access to cheap money on western markets that caused the 90 's crash same exact way cheap interest rates in greece/spain/portugal / ireland caused too much borrowing and an inflationary bubble in 2008 . 
  that is fact or are you saying soros blew up the finnish liquidity bubble in the 80 's, 
   you 're not ukrainian , you 're irish . 
  i 've never seen you talk about living in ukraine or your experiences there , i 've never seen you talk about being ukrainian , i know , it 's a piece of flair not a freaking passport , maybe i have it there to show support/troll , you decide, 
  either of those situations would be fine with me to let the 1 % know they are not infallible, 
  yes i 'm totally serious . 
  if george bush shook down the koch brothers or some other far right billionaires screaming for war in iraq we would all be better off too . 
  not saying i agree with putin but at least he 's billing the war to the right people, 
  you mean to say there is something wrong with opposition to our governments ? 
  i can only see how engagement with politics as a good thing, 
  nice to see at least they at least target the 0.01 % . 
  meanwhile in the west the 99 % will most likely bear the brunt of sanctions, 
  did n't say anything was false , it 's just wild speculation but only about negative aspects mind you . 
  you do n't need to tell lies to scare people, 
  and the scaremongering continues . 
  i wonder what doozie they are going to save for the eve of the election, 
   get rid of financial sinkholes who do n't contribute anything . 
  http://en.itar-tass.com/economy/737917  russia 's baltic shipyard on thursday , june 26 , shipped the stern of the second mistral-type landing ship to france for assembly . 
  the shipment was initially scheduled for early july . 
  `` this means that the baltic shipyard has fulfilled all of its obligations to the customer - the stx france shipyard by preparing the stern of the second russian mistral for shipment within the time period provided for in the contract , '' the flag ? 
  well i like to troll as you rightly point out, 
  you should notice i never thought or have said `` russia is good '' that is something your own mind has constructed . 
  i think the path finland is taking in isolating itself from russia is not good and neither is western capitalism which which through privatization of state assets will see the social state run into the ground simple as that . 
  you have been wrong on two occasions already today in your own portrait of me as a. rusian and b. 
  far right so no need to start the party yet . 
  russia ca n't handle the fallout from taking a small corner or a country with no army and lots of local support for their presence . 
  yea i can sure see that gong down the same way for the `` conquest of europe '' get real , at least i 'm not afraid of every word russia says . 
  it seems half the world these days turned into pussys overnight, 
   no , you are a far-right idiot . 
  or you want to look like that . 
  take easy with your hate , or at least aim it to real problems you are going to face once again your profiling could n't be more wrong , i eat far right nazi 's for breakfast . 
  i will stop being a dick butt myself since you are probably worried about some russian fifth column not so to put your mind at east i will say you can find me here as one of the masked many who want to see the end of this corrupt system of western capitalism https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhrlswwcrvu, 
  rant in finnish and call me commie scum all you want it does n't stop you from being dekkari perse :p but 'm actually here to be a good global citizen and practice my english while on reddit so do n't mind if i skip the name calling , knowing ruined your opinion everyone who disagrees with your is n't a russian is good enough . 
  if you cant see that opening up our markets to the eu and supporting a bunch of broke country 's was a bad idea i guess i 'll see you in the next 10 years of stagflation . 
  it 's clear as day by having their own currency the other county 's in the nordics have been doing much better than us . 
   what exactly is russia going to save finland from . 
  russia has a very small market relative to the eu . 
  ever consider the failures of finland might lie with the fact that they rely too much on one market ? 
  you do realize most of our raw material imports come form there . 
  they are quite an important cog in our economy that can not be easily replaced with more expensive imports without losing competitiveness . 
  notice how much of our imports come from russia ( 15.74 % ) also notice on the following page how 11.73 % of our imports are crude petroleum and 10 % of our exports are refined petroleum . 
  http://atlas.media.mit.edu/profile/country/fin/ take a guess what 's going on there and what 's required for that business to work ? 
  / u/fuku22us33hima is a bit of a conspiritard who goes around saying i 'm not finnish but do n't mind him . 
  i actually had to go and get the most recent newspaper i had and screenshot it to end their trolling http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2gcxrh/aamulehti_poll_43_of_finns_see_russia_as_a_threat/ckj43vx this subreddit is nearly as bad as the ukrainian conflict one with the russia literally hitler clerking which is not remotely true or a good comparison . 
  all i want is sovereignty and prosperity for my nation . 
  it 's my belief insulting russia by planting nato on their doorstep when they fuel our economy with raw resources will not improve that situation , it 's purely economic, 
  always fun calling a troll out even if it takes a few minutes [ cleared out the junkmail just for you ] ( http://imgur.com/x2qvz6d ) [ most recent , did n't realize my smokes were swedish side up though ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4hveobc ) greetings from st tamperesberg ,, 
   i can also compare numbers .
