  seriously , that is just a cop out of a reason by central banks  and debt becoming bigger over time is good for the ordinary folk . 
  now you are getting closer to the mark but since home ownership rates are very low in sweden this is still a negative for the ordinary person as it means rising rents . 
  of course if we look through the bs 0 % interest rates ( all over the western banking system ) are just how the banking system is trying to inflate away all their bad debts from 2008 by pumping up asset prices to pre-crisis levels at the taxpayers expense again . 
  you know some of us actually would like some lower prices but for some twisted reason that 's wrong . 
  got ta keep inflating that wealth away from the ordinary folk i guess, 
  / r/circlejerk    , 
  [ i think i found an infiltrator ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8wyvkdz.png ) also that was totally worth watching in hd ... sorry hungary, 
  you do realize treating innocent people 's opinion as less than human or `` bots '' even is exactly the way the nazis made it easy for people to not give a shit about the jews . 
  an here people are on a european subreddit telling people their views do n't matter because they are russian, 
   sikorski said that putin had made the proposal to donald tusk , who at the time was polish prime minister , still 100 % wrong . 
  first barasso and his `` putin says he can take kiev in two weeks '' bs statement and now this ... and they say there is no such thing as western propaganda , i doubt very much both these retractions will get 10 % the airtime the first statements did . 
  so they blew up their own ammo factory with missiles they do n't even possess . 
  yes the particular characteristics of torture and force feeding of prisoners on hunger strike . 
  now why are they on hunger strike do you think ? 
  it 's every single bit as bad any any gulag but just on a slightly smaller scale to every except strikingly stupid idiot 's like yourself with their heads in the sand, 
  and yours are childish  i 'll try to keep a balance, 
   whats the tipping policy ? 
  put simply , you do n't, 
  wow , you are only 6 years slow in realizing you ca n't throw money at problems ~ ~ goldman sachs ~ ~ ecb . 
  * slow clap *, 
  what an astounding waste of money and just as finland 's economy ships into recession and parents get their child benefit cut . 
  i find it funny this news is coming from `` radio free europe '' which was literally setup by the cia as a propaganda source in the first cold war, 
  how would you describe guantanamo bay . 
  oh and lol at the blowhards downvoting me, 
   you go to gulag just because fuck you !, 
  you do n't get to ask questions because you 're going to gulag . 
  so what does that make guantanamo bay then ? 
  say if you have over two million prisoners in your country where many are given the death penalty , could that be technically comparable to the gulags ? 
  i know we are not going to agree so i will just leave it here , my point is made . 
  she asked a story not be published `` because it would be damaging to the national security '' how is that not censorship ? 
  and yea i can agree the usa might not explicitly censor information on a day to day basis but they do choose to not report on topics which is pretty much the same thing when editors act as gatekeepers for what does and does not get published . 
   what did i lie about ? 
  where did i say you lied ? 
  you just left out half the story . 
   the topic is russia . 
  china is the biggest proponent of censorship and propaganda . 
  agreed , but you actually just said * '' the countries that despise freedom of press are the biggest proponents of propaganda '' * with no mention of censorship in your last post . 
  but i disagree with your `` usa does n't censor '' stance anyway , it 's there and right at the very top too [ condoleezza rice named as killer of new york times ' story on cia ] ( http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/oct/13/condoleezza-rice-named-as-killer-of-new-york-times/ ) but like you said , maybe it 's a story for another thread . 
  why do n't you mention how it 's proven the us and * especially * israel do this also ? 
  well that 's * our * choice and free will . 
  i see it like this ... you do n't have kids ... ok do n't expect anyone to care for you when you are older either . 
  what i do n't like is the baby boomer generation who are in power now not being able to provide jobs for the young europeans they did manage to spawn but then telling also them we need to import more people because they were too busy enjoying life to have more kids to look after them when they get old . 
  talk about a spoiled generation . 
  and poland who beat germany in the last game ? 
  is n't there enough people on this continent ( and the world ) already to be unsustainable in the long term without petrochemicals and nitrogen fertilizers ? 
  the least we could be doing in europe is being a good example and reducing our population somewhat, 
  never seen someone so worked up over a draw, 
  what do you define as `` leftism '' opposing tax cuts for top earners no doubt / s, 
  better go edit wikipedia then, 
  you 're right , i totally forgot about dunnes, 
  i just put that there during the who protest thing , i 'm more a a traveling gypsy right now after making my money in bitcoin a couple of years ago . 
  these days i just daytrade from whatever country i happen to be in . 
  that said i 've thought about buying an apartment in ukraine now since they are dirt cheap with the currency on the floor and when they open up their property market to non nationals the prices will double as happened in romania . 
  if there was every a place to speculate on land/property now it 's there . 
  unfortunately i just see the eu as a revolving door that eats up economies and leaves you with multinational corporations controlling all in the end . 
  just look at how foreign companies control nearly 100 % of ireland 's supermarket sector right now and soon you will have the water owned by private interests . 
  not bitter ( i 'm an irish ex-pat ) more embarrassed, 
  ok i 'll go with `` semi-tax haven '' as it 's defined on wikipedia  other sovereign countries that have such low tax rates and lax regulation that they can be considered semi-tax havens are : [ 30 ]  ireland [ 31 ]  netherlands -- primarily a conduit tax haven [ 29 ] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tax_haven#examples, 
  it 's my view until all the bad debts are removed from the european banking sector nothing good can come . 
  unfortunately things were not let take their natural course in 2008 so we have to drag it all out over the next decade or so . 
  no it 's not , unless you count building a recovery on becoming a tax haven and bowing down to the whims of multinational corporations, 
  do n't worry if it 's not privatized yet it will just as soon as the taxpayer is done paying for the meter installation, 
   usa 's money supply is given to the entire world . 
  yes you export your inflation abroad , congratulations on being a burden/leach on the entire world economy . 
  i 'm still waiting for the day i read `` made in usa '', 
  yes i am a computer science major with a minor in economics because my course is tailored to the financial sector . 
  you know just tell me what you think of these figures , since my education has thought me money moving is what makes the world go round so look at us money velocity over the past decade http://research.stlouisfed.org/fred2/series/m2v, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/money_supply#united_states how many dollars are in existence has been rising faster and faster than inflation and is only picking up speed . 
  when more money is printed your % share of the total pie goes down and therefore it is inflation . 
  the only reason this inflation has not been evidenced in what you say `` america has n't had 5 % inflation in something like 25-30 '' is because this money is only going to the 1 % at the top . 
  that said sooner or later this will `` trickle down '' as they say and inflation will be insane, 
  yes it is necessary to grow it to an extent but the usa has been averaging 5 % per year over the last decade or 50 % over ten years . 
  this is a lot more than 2 % for inflation, 
  consumer inflation is different than inflation of the money supply . 
  the inflation of the dollar money supply has been 50 % in the last 10 years , the only reason this has n't affected prices so much is because that money is not reaching main street but plugging holes in bad bank balance sheets, 
  explain how it 's wrong them . 
  if you look at the history of the number of dollars in existence it 's clearly started getting exponential in the last decade . 
  now tell me one fiat currency that survived 100 years , i 've noticed people downvote but nobody can do that one simple thing, 
  you ca n't use the current focus of my criticism as as a case in point against it, 
  the us money supply has doubled since 2001 , give me one example where a fiat currency with a rapidly increasing money supply that did n't fail and i 'll shut right the fuck up . 
  go for it, 
  my god , someone who finally gets it . 
  thank you, 
   which is why the usd is strengthening , right ? 
   usd is strengthening right now as in a world getting more crazy by the minute it 's backed up by the biggest army , ( not something to be proud of if you ask me )  also : you 're irish , not ukrainian . 
  you 've admitted this multiple times . 
  you do n't live in ukraine . 
  all you use that flag for is so people think your opinion carries a little more weight when you suck putin 's cock . 
  are you the flair police or what ? 
  is there such a thing or is this just more american hubris showing itself . 
  do you ever think i do n't change it now because it clearly pisses off people like you as evidenced by the fact you bring it up in nearly every reply you make to me . 
  kisses x, 
  looks to me like you are just trying discredit the poster by putting words in their mouth they did n't in fact say . 
   because we implemented quantitative easing instead of forcing austerity why do n't people just call it what it really is ... money printing . 
  fancy names only hide the fact you are only diluting your money supply and exporting the inflation overseas which is n't really * helping * your economy but just accelerating the pace at which other nations seek alternatives to the dollar . 
  what would really help would be real infrastructure development and capital intensive public works . 
   i 've res-tagged you as a irishmen who has never been or lived in ukraine ever since the first confession . 
  wrong i 've been to both ukraine and russia and probably know more about those places than a yank commenting in a european sub . 
  i 've seen the world from multiple perspectives and not just the usual western angles or college kid who think they are worldly and cultured because they spend time on a beach in bali . 
   and it has a lot to do with the topic , as you 're misrepresenting yourself .
