  even in france you can find jobs where english proficiency is more important than proficiency in french ) . 
  but i find it more constructive overall than saying a very consensual thing about the subject ( saying that all languages are threatened by english for example - which is true but a bit shallow - ) . 
  at least it can make some people think about how their own language is perceived in their country for example ... as for the languages i picked on my list , the countries that speak them are the only european countries that i know where i 'm sure it is n't the case . 
  it is the most controversial statement i made but i really think it is the case for every languages apart from german , italian , french , spanish , polish and portuguese . 
  when i say `` picturesque local language '' i imply any language that is not used for anything else than friend , family and colleagues and where foreign films/books are not translated ... 
  these languages are clearly not endangered but they are no longer self-sufficient and the citizens arguably need english more than their own native language to live in the country . 
  it has advantages too ( like , i think i speak english a lot better than my fellow citizens , but it 's still broken ... while in the netherlands your typical grandma could speak a perfect english ) . 
  but i feel this is dangerous for the very future of the language.apart from the loss of cultural diversity , i feel it puts us non-native english speakers at a disadvantage . 
  at least french will not become a picturesque local language that is never spoken outside of the daily life like some european languages are . 
  local languages arent really threatened too . 
  just not many people speak them . 
  i 'm really confused by the r/europe mindset regarding this issue . 
  we 're ridiculed for our refusal to let english become so dominant in our life yet very often criticized for our very similar behavior regarding our own minority languages in tje past ... 
  the typical controversy about a topic that is highly controversial in the elite while being wildly popular for the large majority of the population . 
  sometimes i do not understand it . 
  especially when everyone in the said elite is always saying `` we should be concerned about what concerns the population '' ... well i 'm not crying for them , isis is doomed to fall in the future and and our `` fellow citizens '' are highly suspected to return to france if they do not die as a result . 
  it 's just a security measure and it 's hardly illegal since we are at war with isis and as such they are enemies , no matter their citizenship . 
  i 'm not necessarily against what you say and it was surely necessary in the past . 
  however , poland has a sufficiently strong economy to develop its own market by raising consumption . 
  by maintaining an economy that is oriented in cheap production only , you 're essentially killing polish businesses because they ca n't rely on such a low local consumption to develop themselves . 
  so , you 're developing your economy a lot for now , but you 're also giving the control of the polish market to foreign companies in the future.it 's not viable for your long term growth since such a model will result in a wage stagnation . 
  yes , you ca n't change everything in a whip . 
  but you ca n't argue that the polish government is actually trying to gradually raise the living standards of polish workers and is clashing with western europe because of this.it 's quite the contrary . 
  your gov keeps the statu-quo because it works well currently , ignoring the fact that poland ca n't stay a `` low-wage workers '' country forever without paying a heavy price in the future . 
  someday , museums will have a `` meme '' section . 
  dumb switzerland do n't let us have our hour of glory . 
  i suggest annexation !, 
  i was never so proud of la poste !, 
  to be fair , i was never really satisfied with it before . 
  honestly it may seem convoluted but it makes sense for me . 
  a bigger majority can only encourage macron to pass very unpopular bills . 
  i find it a danger . 
  even though i support macron i do n't want him to be too powerful . 
  the narrower his majority the better it is , since he has to accomodate with all of his majority , they have a better leverage on him.he can not willingly ignore a third of his majority for example . 
  and at least opposition can voice its concerns and theorically shift the popular opinion fast enough for the bill to be debated in public . 
  i must say i 'm pretty happy with the result , the majority is considerably narrower than i would have thought making him less powerful , especially when it comes to changes on the constitution . 
  is n't it very risky for people that suffer from heart diseases ? 
  always heard that heat was a big problem for these people . 
  obviously these kind of temperatures are n't an everyday issue in portugal , but 38-39 doesn-t seem that uncommon . 
  i can only talk for myself ... 
  but i voted macron because i heavily disliked fillon politics ( i really thought that his program was the contrary of all the things i value , he was really the `` candidate of the rich '' without any real concerns for the people . 
  at least it seemed like that to me . ), 
  , i disliked le pen obviously , i found the m\u00e9lenchon program far too extremist regarding taxation ( heavily increasing the taxes to invest with the taxed money seems like a bad idea to me , sounds a lot like planned economy ... ) and i dislike the idea of the universal income , i do n't get the principle ... so hamon was not an option since it was the sole `` big '' idea he was really pushing . 
  ( + he realistically had no chance to be elected since he was the ps candidate ) macron for me was just a candidate that i deemed not too dangerous . 
  he was not special for me . 
  if anything , the macron ideas are n't original , especially among skilled technocrats . 
  a lot of people thought like me , even though it 's clearly not the sole reason why he is so successful now ( but our electoral system clearly advantages him now ) and i 'm clearly not enthusiastic of the fact that our future national assembly will be so heavily dominated by one political party . 
  greece is not rewarded by any means , their debt remains a crushing weight.the greeks were duped by their government if anything , and they 're paying heavily for it . 
  they did n't `` stole '' the money since they continue to pay off the majority of their loans . 
  you can criticize greeks former behavior , but austerity in greece is no joke at all and the country remaining debt leave them with enough interests to pay back european banks , be ensured ... you simply ca n't talk about generosity when the agreements are so small , it 's just ensuring yourself that the remaining debt can be paid . 
  it 's a very basic thing in these kind of situations . 
  the goal is to ensure a sufficiently sustainable situation so that the borrower can pay the remain of his debt ... hardly generous if you ask me . 
  honestly , bankruptcy is sufficiently shitty to ensure that most governments would not want to do the same thing as greece . 
  just write trianon instead of the question mark and it will be perfect !, 
  traditional parties are dead . 
  the local campaign was pretty much inextistant because lrem is a very little party historically speaking , therefore militants were n't as active as normal . 
  mayors could n't openly support a candidate or an other for this reason , it is pretty important in smaller cities . 
  + a lot of important politicians decided to relinquish their deputy seat in favor of their local mandate . 
  hence , a lot of people feel less connected with the candidates . 
  especially the older people . 
  and of course , the polls predicted a landslide + people are kind of apathetic toward the result . 
  macron do not mobilize the opposition the same way a ps or lr ( ump ) president does . 
  it 's only important for changes in the constitution . 
  ( you need support of 2/3 of the whole parliament to change it ) else , it does not have real powers . 
  honestly , lrem won the first round . 
  by a large margin . 
  i tend to think that the large estimation will be the correct one . 
  such score at the national level will demotivate a lot of people . 
  self determination is not an unflawed principle . 
  it should never be taken as a divine right or something like this . 
  because in reality this principle is encouraging persistent rivalry between neighbors , because there are always `` oppressed minorities '' on both sides of the border . 
  the problem can be `` cured '' on the long term , but self determination is also what drove yugoslavia into wars of literal ethnic purges . 
  it 's of course an extreme example and i 'm clearly not implying catalonia and spain would have to live such a tragic thing but nonetheless self-determination can be deadly and clearly not a thing that drives us to world peace . 
  but tbh self-determination was clearly an american illusion on how to bring europe to peace in 1919 . 
  what brought the end of the habsburg for countries constituting austria-hungary ? 
  right , nothing much . 
  self determination did n't brought to czechia or romania prosperity and peace ( and the sudetes minorities problem proved to be a catastrophe several years later ) . 
  and it fueled hardcore revanchism in both austria and hungary ... 
  wonderful example . 
  truth is , self determination is a good thing when it makes disunited countries to be united . 
  like germany ( well maybe not for the french between 1870 and 1945 ... 
  but now it seems fine ! ), 
  and italy were a disunited and irrelevant patchwork of countries . 
  it 's not as much as an issue now , but i 'd wager a disunited spain and catalonia would be overtly hostile for some time , creating some problems with catalonian european integration that could fuel a mild anti-spanish sentiment in catalonia ( there is a strong `` castillian minority '' in catalonia ... ) that could tense relations for a long time . 
  and as a french i do n't find unstability on my borders are a good thing . 
  i know the self determination principle is something you like a lot in smaller nations , but please consider what disasters it also helped to bring in europe in the recent past . 
  it must be parcimonious and peaceful ( any potentially conflictual situations should stop the independence process ) to be really successful . 
  like everything . 
  like i said , not a divine thing ... 
  i mean , he killed the most admirable roman achievement . 
  he was n't alone and he was maybe the most skilled of the bunch ... but he was n't the hero who adapted the roman republic to its new size , he took the power for him instead . 
  their republic was n't ideal , far from it . 
  but it was what made rome so strong , the strong feeling of superiority that romans got from their own political system was justified.it was ... strong and stable ... and policies somehow seeked the improvement of the living condition of the common folk . 
  a thing that was lost with the empire . 
  ultimately , imperial administration made rome subject to the problems inherent to some monarchies , good monarchs come and go ... and you add constant instability due to army 's overwhelming power ( at least armies in the republic were deeply tied with politcal power , and for this reason it was very rare to see all legions be attributed to one political party ) in rome ... you could say a lot about the end of the republic but it was a great mean to avoid tyranny . 
  it took several very ambitious persons at the same time + an unprecedented enrichment of the elite to see it threatened ... 
  if at least conservatives at the time were n't so dumb ... alexander is definitely higher on my list . 
  he essentially secured europe from potential eastern agression for a very long time ... 
  one thing that is common between us and you is that france is actually a really empty country . 
  there are simply not a lot of things to do , agriculture is not a really profitable business .
