  it could change on the long term ofc . 
  but i think i prefer a middle of the way brexit , offering a special position ( a bit less advantageous on some products ) regarding eea membership in exchange of real ( but fair ) concessions with freedom of movement . 
  it could be a middle of the way diplomatic solution , showing that the uk had it a bit better before without risking too much for the european economy . 
  he is clearly not communist , not even socialist but he is clearly on the left of the political spectrum . 
  center left in france is much more `` pro-market '' than bernie sanders . 
  i guess he 'd be the same as hamon in france . 
  so , left of the traditional left party ( ps ) . 
  corsica is really beautiful . 
  maybe a bit controversial about whether it 's french or not but nonetheless it 's maybe the most beautiful natural place in france . 
  there are lots of things to see in france but come to think of it there is not really an iconic natural place like the eiffel tower on the human made side of things . 
  edit : and brittany , something bad can happen if you are somehow implying that brittany is not the most beautiful place on earth ... an angry breton could strangulate you with his gwenn ha du on a dark night or something worse ... 
  http://imgur.com/a/thyq0 nonetheless , french regions ( old ones , new ones are too big and may be non intuitive for a lot ) may be a better way to ask a foreigner about french geography . 
  the names of the departments are primarily based on rivers , things which we do n't really learn even in france . 
  edit : [ this test ] ( http://online.seterra.com/en/vgp/3066 ), 
  romania , by far . 
  they seem concentrated on issues that makes them looking forward to the support of the eu ( such as the fight against corruption ) and seem less concerned about their own interests than the v4 for example . 
  also , it seems romanians are less prone than others to blame the eu for their own problems . 
  but i do n't know baltic countries . 
  i am very skeptical about autonomy for anything outside daily life . 
  i find it more costly as a whole than a well coordinated national system . 
  as long as there is some sort of national cohesion ( hence not a lot of support to more autonomy ) i fail to see a technical argument in favor of it . 
  + the collectivities in france are known to be particularly hungry for funds . 
  often imho to finance questionable infrastructure projects ( roundabouts everywhere in small villages ) . 
  maybe for some regions ? 
  honestly , try to convince your friends that it 's pretty retarded to pretend visiting two different countries in a week . 
  you 'll lose a lot of time in transports and consequently be frustrated . 
  barcelona is not a city you visit for its architecture ( there are a lot of things to see ofc , but the city is big , it 's not as densely packed as a typical italian city ) , you have to stay here for a while to appreciate it . 
  no.at least not on the entire country , it makes absolutely no sense . 
  a case could be made for companies where trump councillors are overrepresented although ( or we know to be actively lobbying for these kind of things to happen ) . 
  not being able to speak french would be a clear disadvantage , even in it ( even though it 's not the majority anymore , a lot of people have a very low skill level in english ) . 
  but it would be feasible in some sectors , particularly around paris in french branches of american/british companies . 
  in a medical center ? 
  totally unrealistic . 
  i 'd even say that having a ** native ** comprehension level of the language is necessary for these kind of jobs given the fact that sometimes people speeches are n't exactly easy to understand even for natives . 
  tbh , there is a lot of ( unjustified imho ) hype surrounding his campaign as of late . 
  but it is at least partly because his candidates are the only credible ( in terms of chance to make it to the secound round ) alternative to the deputies that are glued on their position since 30 years . 
  in my traditionally right-leaning district with a literal dinosaur in charge , if i want to change things a bit on the national level i vote em . 
  so , if you add all the dinosaurs in the national assembly you have a pretty sizable amount of presumably `` en marche '' deputations ... 
  `` evil '' is a strong term . 
  moreso for a necessary organization . 
  but how could you be comfortable when banks got bailouts for their bullshits while greece is in the shitters for the same reason ? 
  is n't a whole country also `` too big to fail '' too ? 
  people resent `` hatred '' toward the perceived influence they have on the political system . 
  because even though we 've gone through a major crisis , a very few people got jailed/fined for their clearly illegal bullshits ( the whole crisis is partly a consequence of white collar banditism and `` d\u00e9lits d'initi\u00e9s '' - i do n't know how to translate it in english - ) and while some got condemned and/or fired , a lot more are now prospering . 
  while i do n't agree with the `` only favorable to big banks '' thing , a case could be made for the relative impunity of the financial system . 
  here 's a guy for example : richard bierbaum the guy made a 250m loss for his bank ( a respectable one in the minds of the people , cr\u00e9dit agricole lyon ) . 
  guy 's got fired , but guess what ... 
  he is now a respected senior in the sector . 
  while it 's not directly the fault of the eu , all of its members were particularly indulgent with the people part of the system . 
  and the eu did n't adopt a strong stance either . 
  the bailouts were necessary imho , but at least we should have been a lot tougher on the people that caused the crisis . 
  i 'd like to say i do n't have any but it 's simply not true . 
  the fact is i get really offended when your fellow citizens say `` surrender monkey '' for example , far more than what is normal to be . 
  because i feel i have some attachment to it . 
  because my grandfather knew the horrors of war , his father was interned in a pretty harsh `` stalag '' in prussia , he had friends deported ... and people saying these kind of things are insulting this suffering , dismissing the surrender decision as an `` easy solution '' for the people living at the time . 
  so yes , i feel some connections to the past of my country even though i never lived at these times , at least for recent history . 
  do n't know if i really feel it for things that happened before the revolution ( or napoleon for that matter , i do n't find his adventure `` admirable '' in any way ) . european history before that always seemed to me like family feuds fought with the blood of their people . 
  ( wars on successions , really ? ), 
  europe is not progressive on all aspects of the spectrum . 
  racism is one . 
  although , you have to adopt a different pov . 
  like for example , fewer people are dirt poor because the state offers a decent social safety net . 
  this situation also creates racism ( `` assist\u00e9s qui nous volent notre argent '' ) but also prevents the worst aspect - by far - of structural racism ( extreme poverty ) from being so prevalent . 
  aside , europe is progressive compared to america in other aspects than race treatment which i think is better in some parts of the usa and canada ( you have to understand the fact that canada is maybe the most progressive country in the world regarding this problem ) ... social safety net , solid free education , less working hours , national healthcare , environment ( we 're not examplar but we 're also miles ahead from both usa and canada ) , decent minimum wages , stricter labor laws ... 
  it 's these things that are thought as progressive in europe ( by europeans ) . 
  not so much our treatment of the minorities . 
  the lack of a vibrant middle class that derides from a pretty rigid hierarchy i often find our society pretty hypocrite when it comes to this problem and it might explain the constant negativity even with people that are n't in a really bad situation . 
  the fact is that we do n't have a lot of poors , it 's true . 
  but while we have a lot of rich people , i feel like we have very few `` kind of rich '' people like in northern europe . 
  it seems pretty hard for a very big part of the population to earn more than 2000 euros / month , even in the end of their career . 
  that is not very far from our minimum wage ... salaries remains low in france , even with a pretty solid higher education . 
  the typical highschool film . 
  so , yup . 
  it is good on the first watch and the actor playing the teacher is really good , but imho it fails to make a point on the bigger picture ( the reason why they show the film in classrooms ) . 
  you simply can not transpose the situation of a school classroom on the scale of a state , but it is a good film to alert young people about sectarian methods . 
  the end is maybe a bit too tragic , but jonestown mass suicide shows us that sometimes reality is worse than faction . 
  note that it is an european pov , the iranian regime does n't show the same hostility toward europe except maybe the uk , also for historical reasons . 
  we side with the us because you are a privileged partner while iran is not and never will be , but if it was n't the case the eu-iran relationship would be pretty neutral as long as they do n't act against israel . 
  the influence of both the us and the uk was greatly exaggerated by the regime but you ca n't deny that the shah in person was a puppet of these two states and that this regime did n't worked on the betterment of the living condition of the iranian people , while the regime arguably did even though in the same it spread fundamentalism in the lower class ... ( guess you ca n't have good mass education without mass endoctrinment for some people ... ) add to that the fact that the us helped saddam hussein during the war , and you have the recipe for a continuous hostility between your country and iran . 
  as to whether it was justified or not , it 's a more complicated question . 
  you can argue that it helped a bit to contain the islamist threat ( although shias have a marginal influence in the muslim world ) but in the same time the us actively helped mujahideens to repel the soviets in afghanistan , effectively creating in the process both the talibans and al qaeda which proved far more threatening for the world peace than iran . 
  it was at best clunky and the war resulted in 1 million death for nothing . 
  the real concerns are not about the us now ( who are not threatened by any means by iran , even though they act like they are strong guys ) but about israel.yes the hostage crisis is not a `` little thing '' , but it 's not sufficient enough to justify such an hostile relationship . 
  turkey continue to deny a genocide yet they are member of nato , we can as a group surpass these differences to work together when they are not essential anymore to define our relationships . 
  such hostility toward israel is dumb as rocks from their part ( and their whole ideology about israel is a heinous antisemitic mess , it 's true . 
  and that must be something we must remain ever vigilent about . ), 
  and will make them really isolated from the rest of the world . 
  but leaving them isolated for this reason is maybe not the best idea either . 
  it encourages a `` us vs them '' narrative that will always result in more popular support . 
  how could we as a group have a better image in iran if the only thing we do is to threaten the country with sanctions when they do something we do n't like ? 
  the previous us government understood this , at least . 
  if it was a question of values , iranian values are by miles more compatible with ours than any other middle east country apart from turkey . 
  duck confit with `` pommes de terres sarladaises '' is delicious if cooked by a loving grandma . 
  not the most dietetic meal though given the amount of fat !, 
  paris , i really like the city even though it has some downsides . 
  whenever i come to paris , i have a very special feeling that is simply inimitable ... undescriptible , but very agreeable ... 
  feeling home , kinda . 
  i like berlin a lot too . 
  and it 's nice being able to visit eastern european countries pretty easily . 
  so a tie between these two for the first place ... then third place ...
