the `` crushing weight of top-down federalism '' is pretty bearable , thank you . 
  in france the common conception is that our community is n't just our direct neighborhood but the whole country and that as a community we have to help each other . 
  to summarize , french consider themselves as `` french '' above all else . 
  so , for a french it would be really disturbing to see things working differently in different part of france . 
  hence , you can expect the same basic public services , law , education in the country ... 
  while your typical american conservative could view it as tyranny of the state we have in fact a real attachment to a system that ( at least partially ) ensures that the `` fraternit\u00e9 '' part of our national motto have a signification in the real world ... 
  while it would n't work in the us for multiple reasons , it was very smug to say something so agressive about a system that is n't even really criticized inside of france . 
  it 's not eu funds that are advantageous , but the freedom of movement and access to the common market . 
  it was an exceptional deal for relatively poor countries . 
  but as you said , money is n't everything . 
  i understand the feeling you have ( even in france it exists , feeling that germany govern europe ) but i always feel like it 's way overexaggerated by those who advocate for it . 
  i mean , the eu has influence for sure but you can see that it ca n't do much even when people like orban clearly cross the `` acceptable '' line regarding independence of justice for example ... 
  i mean , some things disturbed me when i visited your countries , it 's true ... 
  the fact that so much people work in the same place ( generally a sign of low wages ) , the fact that the brands are not that different from germany or ( to a much lesser extent ) france ( sign of the scarcity of local businesses ) , the contrast between a rich `` eu-ized '' elite that work in brand new glass towers and the relative poverty of the silent majority ... 
  but that does n't seem to be the driving factors behind the little revolt of the v4 ( it even seems like these movements are overwhelmingly rightist , meaning that lowering inequality will not be their focus ) ... what is the freedom that some of the v4 eurosceptic expect that is forbidden in the current system ? 
  because even if i can totally understand why a lot of people think an european federalist government in brussels is a no-no though since i 'm also against it ... 
  i feel it 's deeper than a simple opposition to more integration . 
  why does he have to apologise for what his much older stepbrother had done ( when he was a little child ) ? 
  it 's over 9000 level of bullshit , answer is totally ok for me . 
  the really eurosceptic v4 always disturbs me and i have yet to see a comprehensive explanation , so i ask you ... why ? 
  i mean , out of all the countries that are in the eu were n't they the ones that benefited the most from it ? 
  well , france would certainly be higher if it was n't for the le pen family but at least i can understand some points they make about the hidden costs of being part of the eurozone , the fact that some countries with far lower wages and social standards are in the same economic zone ... 
  certainly those are the main reasons why euroscepticism is this high in italy for example . 
  but v4 ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  sure they are more conservative than most of the other european countries , but conservatism values did n't mean euroscepticism till very recently ... also , mena/african immigration ( reason why it grew in western europe ) is not really massive in eastern europe ... 
  i 'm sure there are other reasons than `` filthy western countries plot against us '' but i 'm not knowledgeable enough to understand it with what i understand to be the main factors driving europscepticism . 
  i do n't excuse france for it , making such a poor attempt at intimidation knowing that you wo n't do anything if the time comes is petty and as such is doomed to backfire against any foe . 
  like you say , a diplomatic failure , law being one of the pettiest reason to betray an ally if you ask me ^ _ ^ a lot of people criticized it at the time precisely for this reason , others also said that the war was inevitable , but the majority thought the good ( avoiding the next war ) outweighed the bad . 
  it 's why it 's important to put it in context , because by not doing it you already know that it was bad . 
  knowing hitler 's future deeds , french and uk government would have declared war on germany far sooner or at the very least would have prepared a lot more . 
  but it was n't the case , they treated him as the lesser evil ( against a next war or su ) and you have to take it into account when you comment the pre-war years . 
  not at the start though . 
  it 's a bit difficult to redo history tbf . 
  sure in hindsight all great democratic powers should have helped spain , czechoslovakia , asian countries ... 
  but hitler was n't seen as the monster it became later . 
  hitler 's intentions were seen as imperialistic , but some leaders thought it would be possible to find a solution with hitler later . 
  some thought the little states in the east were unviable and in danger against both a russian and a german invasion and preferred a german invasion . 
  obviously you have to take into account ww1 for it . 
  both the uk and france won by a stretch a very bloody war . 
  the public opinion was so pacifist that france did n't bat an eye even when hitler broke the terms of the versailles peace treaty ( even though france was nearly 100 % sure at the time to win a war against germany ) . 
  a lot of it can be pretty much summarized by red scare and excessive pacifism due to a bloody war . 
  both are arguably valid reasons against a reasonable potential opponent , when it 's not hitler against you ... 
  i am skeptical on some of the tax cuts . 
  in the surface , it can be beneficial regarding foreign investment , on the other hand some of these tax cuts are heavily oriented toward individual gains on rich people that already live in france and pay their taxes , it 's just wasted money on easy targets ( both morally and practically ) . 
  i know the point ( reducing spending outside of the fundamental states prerogatives , letting people spend their money ... ) , but i 'm curious to know where he want to cut spending ... because the government was eerily vague so far . 
  because believe it or not but france changed a lot in 20 years and most of the easy and invisible cuts were already done in the past and most of the unprofitable state funded businesses were sold to the private sector . 
  authoritarian regime propaganda ? 
  sure . 
  antisemitic posters ? 
  not in the finance world though ... and for that matters strikes should n't have too much of an impact on the life of your average golden boy . 
  high taxes can though . 
  yeah , and like nuclear fission sometimes it backfire so much that the sole risk of accidents makes you shiver . 
  oppression depend on who you ask in a lot of cases , really . 
  serbian pov on kosovo and albanian pov on kosovo are wildly different for example , and they both have valid reasons to be enraged against each other if you follow the nationalist logic . 
  it 's a flawed logic sometimes . 
  in fact i agree with what you say . 
  it was a dumb thing , it flued resentment , and was maybe the main reason why germans chose nazism instead of communism during the economic crisis , maybe without such a treaty the crisis would have been milder , and it was a bad thing for europe as a whole . 
  it was a very bad move and surely not a decent thing to do ( even though i am not too keen to use this term since colonization was even less decent - we did n't vassalize germany and exploited its people for our own good - yet it did n't backfired on france nearly as much . 
  in this situation it 's purely realpolitik , tbh . ) . 
  but i do n't agree with you when you say that versailles was the main reason for ww2 . 
  ww2 became a world war because germany and japan got too cocky and declared war on everyone and their mothers . 
  a french/english war against 1935 germany would have been no contest in favor of french and english armies . 
  nazi or not , germany was not powerful enough under the terms of the treaty to wage a war with a major power . 
  you can not also say that french were n't right to be really frightened by germany ( a country that was seen as very hostile to france , and with a superior industrial potential ) . 
  petty revenge played a part in the treaty , but without russian support and an unsure english support in case of future war ( the uk was unsure at the beginning of ww1 ) , france was n't totally irrational to force a bad treaty on germany to ensure itself to have the military superiority on its own . 
  it was stupid , but not munich stupid imho . 
  not if you leave them weak enough tbf , which was what the treaty of versailles did . 
  i find the versailles peace treaty stupid ( not the only one though , the treaty of trianon was imho even more stupid ) but not for this reason . 
  it worked before the nazis took power and germany would have been essentially powerless if we did n't let them take so much power before ww2 . 
  while i can understand your point for countries like drc or niger , the differences in development between african countries is actually pretty huge and an ever-growing number of africans have an arguably decent life . 
  yet even in `` decent life '' countries , the very high birthrate is a problem . 
  we , as europeans , tend to overestimate the standard of living of the past and to underestimate the africans standard of living ( as shown by people like hans rosling ) . 
  they were n't that far from your average african 's today . 
  so the reason has to be at least partly cultural . 
  not to say that having a lot of childs is inherently bad but the point of macron was to say that throwing billions on projects that will be obsolete the day after is pretty much unproductive . 
  his point was essentially to say that africa has to change to attract private investors and not count too much on foreign help since it ca n't be too efficient in countries that grow so much and find employment for its own population . 
  accusing france of both wars is really uncomprehensible . 
  well , you could have a point for ww1 ( revanchism , overconfidence in the strength of russia and of its own forces ... ) if it was n't for the possibly dumbest move made in human history that was the aggression of serbia by austria-hungary . 
  but in ww2 ? 
  france had absolutely no reasons to go to war except to defend its allies which is maybe why france waited so long to declare war on germany ( this and fear of communist revolution ) . 
  france crushed germany in 1919 ( well not as much as the french government of the time wanted ) because the last thing french wanted in 1919 was another war . 
  to be fair , the whole 90s are seen as a peaceful period by a lot of people in the western world . 
  it could n't be further from the truth , this decade was far more bloody than our current one . 
  somalia became an hellhole during the 90s , bloody wars erupted everywhere in africa because of the fall of the ussr who supported a lot of regimes in africa , famine in nk , balkanic wars and , maybe the most atrocious of the lot , the rwandan genocide , war in chechenya ... 
  the entirety of the western world is grossly ignorant of the 90s , partly because of ideological reasons i think . 
  since the fall of communist regimes ( overwhelmingly seen as a good event ) overshadowed every negative event that resulted ( partially or totally ) from their fall . 
  do you think the state has to thwart the problem by building apartments with taxpayer money since the market does not provide the citizens a reasonably priced ( given the wages , the cost of life ... ) place ? 
  knowing that such practice normally has a negative effect on private construction sector ( practically the same as rent control ) and that commuting is not a solution on the long term since it is already very long and exhausting to commute in the biggest cities ( often those that are the most hurt by this phenomenon ) . 
  it becomes a problem when the city is full of empty apartments owned by people that do not even live there , such a behavior must be discouraged by the authorities by putting an heavier weight on the shoulders of those who do not rent their apartments , the inoccupation rates are currently completely nonsensical given the very high demand for housing in most touristic places . 
  ( being also generally very dynamic regions on their own ) even though i personally do not have that much of a problem with airbnb ( it can be an economical opportunity for those that lives from tourism and i have absolutely no problems with an occupied apartment , even if it 's tourists there ) apart from the criticism on the disloyal competition they put on hotels regarding taxation , i find it much too easy to dismiss the legitimate criticism regarding the high number of heavily underused apartments in the cities because of some principles . 
  the filthy soros washing powder is really really bad . 
  with the magic orban washing powder your country will be whiter than ever !, 
  you know , it 's simply my pov , coming from a person who comes from a country where you could never hear english if you want to without having to make too much of an effort to do so . 
  it was maybe too strongly stated and without a doubt an oversimplification of the reality ( even though the grandma example is based on my experience ) but implying that there are no differences ( or at most a few unimportant ones ) whatsoever between how dutch and french view their languages is not the right way of seeing the problem . 
  ( + i highly suspect that what you take for `` only correct '' english would be seen as good proficiency in france ) i 'm not saying that your languages are dying or even that you would not be seen as a strange person if you speak english to a dutch person even though you are a dutch yourself . 
  i 'm implying that an english speaker who only speak english can be a functional member of the society of these countries and even have an advantage over the person who only speak the native language . 
  it implies that learning the local language is not that important . 
  you know , i could very well say bullshit but i 'm actually conveying a feeling that i had when travelling in several countries ( including yours ) . 
  it 's not something you can do without simplifying your statement a lot too much to be of any academic value ( hell , in this situation it can wildly vary inside the same country .
