for what its worth i refuse to watch fox news . 
  and before the ukrainian situation , i had a fairly high opinion of rt , because they would cover some things in the us that i found valuable , however i think the articles in rt have gone down in quality . 
  in particular , rt coverage for ukraine in the past 2 years destroyed all trust for me . 
  and currently , as others have commented here , reading rt about us news is like reading the daily mirror , another newspaper i try to avoid . 
  i am the only one worried about russian ground troops being hit by western bombs ? 
  everyone is fighting on different sides . 
  its a complete secret how many were killed in ukraine , so the first possibly - maybe - semi official source is looked on with a lot of excitement . 
  i still remember reading upton sinclair 's `` the jungle '' . 
  i am surprised my great great grand parents survived , but here i am !, 
  even below average for some of the generals still on staff would be great !, 
  here : https://www.reddit.com/user/phil_laysheo/comments/, 
  last week , i experienced five accounts that seemed to work as a troll team on / r/worldnews ; they seemed to be downvoting and commenting on anything that suggested russian support for east ukraine.i was intrigued and followed the comment votes and comments in a thread talking about ukraine for a few days . 
  each day the votes significantly changed between 8am and 9am moscow time . 
  what was interesting was that one of the accounts that seemed to be part of the team was not a month old , but a year and a half , and until that day had not been remotely interested in europe but just looked like a normal account . 
  i went through all its history and checked . 
  normal , of someone who seemed to be on liberal side in america . 
  suddenly , that week , this account became passionate and `` informed '' about the war . 
  this confirmed to me what i heard elsewhere , that people build up , and maybe even sell , reddit accounts on the open market - which then can be used in advertising campaigns and propaganda . 
  https://twitter.com/guderian_xaba ( gregor martin ) english language . 
  good source of tweets about current military situation , a lot of retweets from reporters on both sides of the battle field . 
  reading it , one gets the sense of a lot of things happening at this current time . 
  there is one tweet that records the cyborgs singing before dying ( no violence ) pinned at the top of the stream which is always there , scrolling past that , there is a veritable stream of information from several sources every day . 
  i always thought that `` color revolution '' and reaction to it , was why eastern ukraine is such a mess right now . 
  i thought regional autonomy movements are very very small at this point ? 
  there is a difference between surviving and doing well . 
  thanks . 
  but i do n't know much about this : is proving euros in this situation like a loan also ? 
  i know , and i am just being stupid ; but do they have any other way of printing counterfeit proof script ? 
  they are going to need this pretty quickly . 
  hmmm . . 
  i think they are going to print euros and get kicked out of swift network and totally isolate greece . 
  i do n't think they have capacity or time to print any other currency . 
  i do n't know anything of course . 
  i am a pessimist and tend to think the worst outcomes . 
  thanks for that information.so has the greek government has not prepared to print anything at all ? 
  i thought there was process that took at least a few months to start up , to print currency . 
  if they rush the process , does that make it easy to counterfeit ? 
  how long can things run before needing printing ? 
  question : if there is a grexit i understand the greeks are going to do ious , perhaps , instead of printing their own currency . 
  how does that work ? 
  are those iou 's actually printed and distributed ? 
  does n't that need a special printing process to avoid counterfeits ? 
  i was confused because in america i see people voting badly all the time . 
  but at home i think i understand why ; people think they are voting about things that do not really effect them : the environment , foreign policy , wars , global warming ... most of my neighbours spend very little time thinking about the ramifications of their voting because they think it does not change their lives at all . 
  minimal thought process here in usa . 
  but in greece they were voting about something very important to them that was going to effect their lives and they had time to think about it . 
  i guess what this proves is that if my neighbours in the usa had to vote on something important them , they would mess it up too :-( i think my faith in democracy took a little beating yesterday . 
  i do have a question that maybe someone can answer for me ? 
  why did the majority of the people in greece who voted no think they could get a better deal ; were they not listening to what others were trying to tell them ? 
  was that information not available for many ? 
  or was this information ignored ? 
  the eu can only do so much without encouraging the populist parties in italy and spain . 
  greece pretty much tied the eu 's hands on helping it now , except for humanitarian aid , which will probably be needed later . 
  there are too many unknowns here , but i do n't think this is going to be good in the long term . 
  i think today is the best day greece is going to have , as a country , in many years . 
  sort by new , at top . 
  that is what i do . 
  i do not understand a lot about economics and there is much about the recent events of greece i do not know about . 
  i do understand about making house payments to the bank . 
  which really has nothing to do with the actual situation but please overlook my horrible analogy . 
  perhaps someone can correct me where my story goes wrong , below . 
  say i bought a house , and i know that even if i stop making payments on it , that no one can really take the house away from me . 
  but if i stop making payments on the house then its hard for me to buy food , medicine , and electronics like computers . 
  so i still make payments on the house and i work very hard to make my money . 
  my mother-in-law , for reasons i can not explain in this story , takes some of my money each paycheck so i do n't have as much to pay for the house payments . 
  i still want to pay for some other things besides the house , and i know a nice gentleman down the street who is willing to loan me some money to help me make my payments . 
  the loan is cheap enough that i can easily deal with the interest payments each paycheck . 
  several years go by and its not very easy to pay the nice gentleman , and i have to ask the neighbours for help . 
  they pay off the money lender - i can still make my house payments but now i have to pay them a lot every month as well as still make the house payments . 
  they know about my mother-in-law because they gossip about her , but still leave it up to me to put my house and family in order . 
  also , i am a bit scared of my mother-in-law , and its easier to just keep doing the same thing as before . 
  no one wants to deal with her when she is upset . 
  but , there is now not enough money to deal with all four things at once : food , house , neighbours and my mother-in-law . 
  everyone tells me i have to talk with her ( i think she has a gambling problem ) . 
  i talk with her , and she promises to do the household chores more , but the issue of her taking my money is not really addressed . 
  the neighbours still help me out some because if they do n't then the neighbourhood suffers ( some of them work in the stores where i shop for food , medicine and electronics and they need me as a continuing customer ) . 
  however , soon enough i am having problems paying everyone again . 
  now , my cousin moves in and says : `` do n't worry about the neighbours , just do n't pay them back , and let me deal with your mother-in-law '' . 
  this sounds really , really good , and i take him up on his word . 
  now , i have a choice to make : a ) if i stop paying the neighbours i can suddenly have more money to shop with , but since the neighbours sell me stuff they are going to get mad and increase the price of the food they sell me . 
  so while i can make the house payments , i will not have enough money to pay for the other things now . 
  so , even if my cousin can make my in-law stop whatever she is doing , i am going to have real trouble making all the payments , and there is going to be a bunch of hardship . 
  b ) i face up to my in-law and hope my cousin helps me . 
  i know it will take some time to make her change her ways , its not as simple as my cousin says it is , but i know after a long time it can be done . 
  both options will make life hard . 
  which do i choose ? 
  edit : i really did not know how to account for inflation and reduction of value of the drachma , so i had to invent angry neighbours . 
  and the in-law is corruption , and bad taxation , and the other drains . 
  the cousin is syriza , of course . 
  the house is greece itself and the neighbours are the other countries . 
  with all due respect to democracy ; can any one blame the crooked oligarch interest in staying in the ez ? 
  they are just trying to save their own butts . 
  even the rats have a duty to avoid drowning in a sinking ship . 
  # 1 of a vice series . 
  wow . 
  i am getting flashbacks to watching # 1 of https://news.vice.com/show/russian-roulette series , which i saw as they were released to youtube . 
  i hope there does not have to be a hundred episodes for this series too !, 
  the report also states the main reason greece needs a large bailout now is because of syriza in the last six months . 
  greece is in the trash can for many years now , and this is going to defeat many populist parties in other countries . 
  edit : i took out how bad i think its going to be,
