  oh please . 
  they get 100 % of what they earned for a year , after that it 's 75 % if i am not mistaken . 
  do you honestly believe they paid 19600 euro 's in taxes while working here for a year ? 
  did n't think so either , and that 's being generous . 
  they do n't live here anymore , they have found work elsewhere thus losing the right to have benefits . 
  how hard is that to understand ? 
  there 's quite a big line between the dutch and eastern europeans which sadly puts a lot of `` anti-eu '' into the minds of the people . 
  it was on the news recently that not only bulgarians are being a fraud but also a lot of polish people . 
  they work here for a while and then they stop working here allowing them to get benefits . 
  while they are on benefits they move to another country an get paid there as well . 
  there are also a ton of eastern europeans here that are still registered in their own country as well allowing them to own several cars for next to nothing , avoiding taxes on them which is also pissing off a lot of dutch people because our road taxes and insurance are quite high . 
  the government either ca n't or wo n't do nothing about it . 
  it 's funny because it 's true . 
  lived in troms\u00f8 for 6 months training military personnel . 
  ordering a pizza set me back roughly 15 euro 's when i was able to get that same pizza here in the netherlands for 7 euro 's . 
  pretty much everything was at least 50 % more expensive for some reason , even on a norwegian salary , it was n't cheap . 
  sadly civilians are not allowed to own pepper sprays as they are a class 2 in the `` law weapons and munition '' which equals it to automatic firearms , tasers and explosives meaning only those that have been appointed by the government are allowed to own it ( such as the police and military ) . 
  personally , i think every citizen should be allowed to own pepper spray . 
  in the military we had tear gas , in order to use it we had to take our gas masks off in a room filled with tear gas and stay there for a while so we knew what it 'd feel like . 
  same with police officers , in order to be allowed to carry pepper spray you have to take part in being sprayed in the face so you know what it feels like . 
  i do n't see any reason why a citizen without a criminal record should n't be allowed to carry it if they take part in training for it so they know how to use it and what it feels like . 
  you french folk are lucky you 're allowed to own pepper spray to defend yourselves and your property . 
  i remember doing that when i was 4 years old . 
  i wanted an action man figure but my mother would n't buy it for me . 
  first i started to yell at her and she still would n't give it to me . 
  then i started to cry and she finally bought it . 
  i 'll have a look thank you . 
  i 'm not looking for a temporary place though i want something secure as there is no point living in a house for a month or 3 or not knowing when you 're supposed to leave . 
  that would place me back in my current position of not knowing where to live once again . 
  nothing has currently changed that i am aware of . 
  i also have n't heard of a any weapon type being banned . 
  i bought my rifles at a dealer called `` hes van zweeden '' and he 's still selling semi automatic firearms . 
  i do n't remember what weapon that tristan guy used , but it 'd be weird to ban it and quite offensive towards dutch citizens that love to shoot firearms . 
  what bothers me so , so much about this country is how the civilians have become a bunch of sown shut sheep . 
  we have no say in any matter anymore . 
  look at switzerland , they vote on everything the government tries to ban and everything they vote against simply does n't happen . 
  gun ranges are quite easy here as well . 
  apply at gun club , some might be full ... others might not be but in general you 're accepted easily . 
  they might ask for your criminal background but the netherlands is a very private country so you 're not required by law to do so but if you do you have to pay a small fee for a `` vog '' ( statement of behavior ) and show it to them , then get accepted . 
  after a year you 're allowed to apply for gun ownership . 
  the gun club `` leaders '' have to approve of this , basically saying you 've been handling your firearm in a proper way and know how to use it . 
  after that you take that to the police station and apply for gun ownership . 
  it might take a month or two but you 'll more than likely get it . 
  as with hunting weapons , they have to be in an approved safe that separate ammo from firearm ( s ) . 
  you have to shoot ( i believe ) 12 times a year at a gun club in order to keep your license but i 'm not sure . 
  proper firearms are expensive , such as the sig 552 , ar-15 and other `` well known '' firearms . 
  expect to pay over 5000 euro 's . 
  all semi-auto , only military and government is allowed to have full automatics . 
  we have a fully automatic mp5k in our squad car . 
  pretty much , but do n't let this fool you . 
  getting a hunting license is extremely easy assuming you have an iq about 80 . 
  it 'll set you back at least 1000 euro 's , more like 2000 if you 're a rookie but this all depends on your needs . 
  step 1 : do the hunting exams . 
  know about hunting itself ( animals , seasons , what kind of ammo on animals etc ) and know how to shoot . 
  step 2 : find land to hunt on . 
  in order to get a firearm you need land to hunt on . 
  this country counts many hunters that own land and you do n't have to be a big shot to be assigned to land just find a hunting forum and ask for it . 
  meet the person owning the land , buy him a vodka or whiskey ( be polite ) and he 'll sign you as a `` guest shooter '' thus passing the requirement to have land to hunt on . 
  will you actually hunt there ? 
  most likely not as there are probably more `` guest hunters '' signed up there . 
  but most people do n't hunt in the netherlands anyway , like myself i have my hunting rifles in sweden due to the vast amount of land there and easy hunting laws . 
  most dutch folk go to germany . 
  step 3 : go to the police station and apply for a permit to own firearms . 
  if you do n't have a criminal record you 'll pass the test . 
  they are not allowed to decline just because `` you might be a threat '' , it 's about facts not `` might be '' . 
  if it is declined for whatever reason and you do n't have a criminal record , you should take it to court and you 'll more than likely pass . 
  how ever , if you have even the slightest spot on your criminal record it will be declined , they are extremely anal about that here . 
  when i was in the military i had a 5 bedroom family home i could afford . 
  when my contract was suspended due to budget cuts i had to move out and live with my mother again . 
  now i 'm a part time police officer because full time is n't possible ( again , budget cuts by the government ) thus unable to afford a place of my own . 
  the waiting list for an affordable `` social '' home in my area is 8 to 30 years , meaning it 's a rent under 700 euro 's . 
  the government is n't doing much about it and the rules to get one are pretty retarded . 
  been on a list for 4 years now and with 300 replies on a home and ending up 230 ` ish ... yeah , wo n't happen anytime soon . 
  holland , not even once . 
  that 's right ireland , love us . 
  we 're more than jut clogs and cheese you know !, 
  rumors go they 're amazing at raiding gyms and arresting people that are bigger than them though , just because they 're bigger . 
  it 's cases like this that show we need laws that allow us to take away their ability to stay in our country and be able to ban them from entering ever again once they serve their sentence . 
  caught stealing three times ? 
  you 're out . 
  murder , rape , violence etc. 
  you 're out . 
  if he 's from another eu country , ban him from entering the country he committed the crime in and allow other eu countries to ban him as well if they feel the crime is severe enough . 
  make a decent system and it 'll work like a charm . 
  it 's not like the government is actualy trying to create jobs here . 
  the only things they are currently doing is trying to figure out how to make more money by increasing taxes and shaking their angry fists at police officers and `` parking maids '' for not giving out enough tickets . 
  i love sweden , but sweden is also a country that does muscle profiling . 
  if you 're a big guy or above average they 're allowed to arrest you , throw in in a holding cell for 5 + hours , make you piss in a cup and shame you in front of everyone you hold dear and search your house . 
  what do the swedes do ? 
  nothing , they allow it . 
  it 's a shame really . 
  the house prices in the big cities in sweden are a complete joke compared to other cities in other countries ( like the netherlands ) . 
  sweden in a big place . 
  considering my mother bought a 8 bedroom house with 5h of land for less than 150.000 euro 's near sundsvall ... that 's saying something . 
  for that price , you can buy [ this ] ( http://www.stacaravansgids.nl/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/stacaravan-groot-2.jpg ) over here . 
  i do n't think the choice will be that hard to make . 
  looking at hemnet ... yep , sweden has it easy . 
  already seen it , but europe could do with more of men such as these in our parlements . 
  i do n't know man . 
  i intend on moving to sweden and buying me one of those houses that require a little fix here and there and then ... u know , just live in it .
