  politicians being politicians , they lied . 
  they are now , also , making everyone that bought one of these cars pay full price . 
  seeing as these `` hybrid '' and `` electric '' cars weigh quite a bit and our road taxes are based on a car 's weight , it 's a good amount of money they will have to pay thus people are desperate to get rid of them but hardly anyone 's biting . 
  so , in most cases it 's foolish to think most of us `` enjoy '' cycling when most of us really just grab a bicycle because it 's cheaper and both owning a car and public transportation is something a lot of people ca n't afford anymore . 
  tl ; dr : cars are expensive , bicycles are cheap , we 're cheap . 
  one voice ? 
  no , i do n't think we 're ready for that . 
  how about all the leaders stand their ground against the united states and their spying ? 
  you can get a brand new one in amsterdam and utrecht for 10/15 euro 's . 
  look for a guy carrying a huge box cutter , they tend to sell them . 
  http://www.government.nl/issues/taxation/vehicle-taxes adds several thousands of euro 's on top of the other taxes put on a car . 
  it was deemed illegal by european court but the country 's leaders do n't care . 
  i am , you 're right about the mayor part it 's something i did n't hear . 
  i understood it as the man thought there 'd be no more bicycles in 30 years . 
  my bad . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  in 30 years nobody will ride a bicycle ? 
  in 30 years we 'll be paying 10 euro 's a liter , 50 % bpm and 400 euro 's a month in road taxes if the current government has anything to say about it . 
  a brand new car easily costs 10.000 euro 's more in this country compared to germany and gas is about 30/40 cents more expensive per liter . 
  most people i know that live close to work ( same town/city ) grab a bicycle or a scooter . 
  they 're both still affordable , cost low to no gas and are road tax free . 
  it has nothing to do with `` i 'm polluting '' or `` it 's dangerous '' at all . 
  not sure why you 're downvoted but it 's true . 
  i noticed a lot of cyclists in italy too but people driving cars did n't seem to give much of a damn about them and often ignored them nearly pushing them off the road in the process . 
  seemed to be a `` i 'm bigger than you '' attitude . 
  not sure i 'd feel safe as a cyclist to be honest . 
  ( this was mainly in rome ) . 
  people in power do n't want people snooping around and spreading the possible abuse ? 
  shocking . 
  not sure i 'd accept this as there was no `` netherlands '' back then and if it 'd be a country , belgium would n't exist as it 'd be part of us now . 
  the hague was the `` big boy '' from 1584 'til 1815 when amsterdam became the capital of the netherlands . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seventeen_provinces ), 
  i 'm for gun control in a normal matter chosen by the people , for the people . 
  a lot of eu laws are being shoved down our throat without citizens having any say in the matter because `` it 's good for them '' when we 're supposed to be democratic . 
  yet , the only countries i see good , honest democracy are in norway and switzerland where they still allow people to vote on law changes and they are not part of the eu . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not anti-eu ... i like the idea of working together but i 'm pro democracy and there 's currently too little of that . 
  i would not because i do n't believe the eu should have a say in the matter . 
  if the citizens of the czech republic feel their gun laws are causing high crime rates then they should change it , let them vote over it and do it the proper way instead of forcing yet another law down the throat of a country 's citizens . 
  we 're a democratic union so let 's be democratic for once . 
  the netherlands has a `` basic western approach '' to firearms . 
  they are no more strict than laws in belgium , germany of sweden that i know of . 
  want a firearm ? 
  * join a shooting range , this requires a `` v.o.g. '', 
  ( criminal record ) to be shown to the people that run it before you 're allowed to become a member . 
  once you 're a member , be a member for a year and have been there at least 18 times during that year and you can apply for a firearm license . 
  * become a hunter . 
  do a hunting examination and pass . 
  once you pass you have to show the police you have somewhere to hunt ( property ) , the property does n't have to be your own you just have to be registered there as a hunting participant . 
  do n't have land ? 
  do n't know anyone ? 
  no sweat . 
  just join a hunting forum and ask somebody if they have room ... the cost ? 
  just a bottle of whiskey and that 's it . 
  you can have up to 5 firearms max and there is no limit to the caliber . 
  of course , if you 're a police officer there are different rules such as being allowed to carry a firearm at all times though it has to be concealed when not in uniform for obvious reasons . 
  i believe that every country should control their own laws in this matter . 
  yes , let 's allow foreign countries to walk all over us by having zero proper resistance . 
  most firearm accidents here ( very rare ! ), 
  happen with illegal pistols that are often traced back to russia . 
  legal firearm ownership is very responsible here and even though they are quite easy to obtain legally given you do n't have a mental or criminal record the firearm laws as they are are just fine . 
  the shootings that do happen ( again , very rare ) are liquidations 90 % of the time without anyone else getting hurt . 
  i do n't trust my own government further than i can spit and giving them ( and the eu ) even more power would be a very , very stupid thing to do . 
  source : i 'm a police officer . 
  not sure why you 're being downvoted but it 's true . 
  and it 's up to the spanish people to either accept their tradition or put a stop to it . 
  not the french , german , americans or dutch or anyone else . 
  they could 've put that money and invested it in electric cars even though i know how much power oil holds over us . 
  i 'm a police officer in the netherlands and we definitely do have quite a few homeless though we like to pretend we do n't because we have two definitions such as `` homeless '' and `` roofless '' ( literally translated ) . 
  food banks are no longer able to give a week 's worth of supplies to feed yourself , people have to do with two days worth of supplies due to increased demand by those who can no longer afford it . 
  during the winter the majority of our job consists out of checking under bridges and in parks due to fear of people freezing to death . 
  those that are without a job often still get money from the government but this is n't enough to rent a house in the public sector because rents are above 700 a month . 
  the waiting list of a social home is 7 to 30 years and being homeless or roofless is no longer a reason to get more points ( thus shorter waiting period ) . 
  do n't believe me ? 
  [ check out this area during the winter times ] ( https://maps.google.nl/maps?hl=nl&amp;ll=52.410453,4.928586&amp;spn=0.000722,0.002064&amp;t=h&amp;z=20&amp;layer=c&amp;cbll=52.410453,4.928586&amp;panoid=franjp3osm2nkx2elg9gva&amp;cbp=12,55.43,,0,14.09 ) and you 'd be amazed at how many homeless people are there . 
  the `` shelters '' are always full thus they have no choice but to stay outside . 
  more land / less population density . 
  so it 's an illegal thing to do then . 
  and if only 35 are arrested over the dozens of razzia 's they have done throughout the country i would n't deem it successful at all . 
  not only the eu law but also swedish law make it illegal to profile persons based on their appearance yet sweden does n't seem to care much about it and continues to allow their officers to perform razzia 's on gyms . 
  when is this going to lead to certain chiefs setting things straight in the matter ? 
  what about the illegal razzia 's they do in gyms in regards to muscle profiling ? 
  i think that 's a good thing personally . 
  the swiss are n't fighting wars and the draftees are staying in the country . 
  it 's a good stepping stone to learn to stand on your own two feet and those that seek to further their career in the medical field have a solid foundation to begin with . 
  i 'd love to see the military draft come back into my own country given they do n't get sent abroad to fight other people 's wars . 
  minimum wage is n't the cause of unemployment rates in this country . 
  if this was the case , youth would be in full demand and this is n't what 's happening . 
  youth , by law , earn significantly less than adults and youth unemployment is extremely high . 
  this is n't an `` experience '' country , this is a `` degree '' country . 
  i have always been grateful that the netherlands has had a minimum wage . 
  the fixed cost of life is quite high and has been going up at a rather frightening speed these last few years . 
  i 'd shiver to find out what jobs that do n't require an education would pay if these minimum wages where not in place . 
  wonder if germany would take the netherlands as the 17th state , we could use a little possitive in this country . 
  morten messerschmidt highest at 73 % , no clue who he is but sure !, 
  well it 's 266 euro 's a month here ... might as well buy a small car or small motorcycle . 
  because renting a car is expensive and so is public transportation . 
  it 's still cheaper to own a car here as opposed to taking public transportation here in the netherlands . 
  unless you 're a student , then you get a pass that allows you to take public transportation for free or for a reduced fee which makes it affordable . 
  what 's the reason for that ? 
  gas prices ?
