they 're wishing them luck , that 's nice . 
  i hope it washes off though . 
  ca n't really blame them though . 
  watching the videos of people hiding behind shields that could n't protect them from a slingshot and watching how government employees gunned them down one by one . 
  i 've not followed it as much as i most likely should , but is the russian spetsnaz really present during all of this ? 
  that would be a scary thought . 
  i do n't know how many people qualify , generally your family ( those residing in the house ) have to earn less than about 34000 euro 's a year in order to qualify which means most dutch people are able to sign up for one . 
  there are around 3.2 million social homes around 7 % of these become vacant at some point every year which is n't much considering how many people are waiting on one . 
  that 's a very nice house actually but i have to master the norwegian language better than i currently do before i move there . 
  i also think buying a house straight away is n't a smart thing to do as i currently do n't have a house to sell ( rental ) and would have to land a secure job in a decent area first before considering that . 
  the area looks extremely nice though !, 
  but would n't 143669 m \u00b2 of land cost quite a bit in taxes every year or so ? 
  that 's a possibility but surely the massive housing shortage has a play in it . 
  the average waiting time in the area i live in for a social home ( rent under 680 euro 's a month ) is 18 years and in some places it goes as high as 30 years . 
  and this is one of the reasons why i 'm moving north , this countrie 's too populated and due to that housing / land is extremely expensive compared to most other countries . 
  i barely ever download movies but i always download series . 
  whenever i try to watch them on the official website my continent is blocked . 
  knowing my country , i really ca n't be bothered waiting one or two hears to see it when all my friends already watched it . 
  [ michiel de ruyter ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/michiel_de_ruyter ) for sure but one ca n't forget [ miep gies ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/miep_gies ) either , took a good pair of balls to do what she did . 
  `` from the netherlands at a cost of about $ 10 per gram -- prohibitive for most patients in a nation where the average monthly salary is $ 1,300 and the average pension is $ 500 . '', 
  wow , that 's depressing . 
  the people that live in social houses often do n't even have the income to buy a house . 
  i would n't say living or even looking for a social home is easy these days as waiting times are between 7 and 30 years . 
  the dutch housing market is one huge mess if you ask me . 
  for the record , we have a lot of 1 % er motorcycle clubs . 
  name one that 's popular from any country in the world and we most likely have them as well . 
  though , our 1 % er motorcycle clubs are far more organized than most of the 1 % er clubs in the united states . 
  there was a massive war in denmark once between the hells angels and bandidos . 
  the police did n't go `` all out '' on them as they did n't involve the public as casualties . 
  until one day where they used a bomb and a child got killed that 's when almost every single country in europe went batshit crazy on them with raids and searches and arrested a lot of people that are still in jail as of this day . 
  some countries had bunkers in the woods filled with weapons in case of a war so civilians and other military personnel could arm themselves ... thanks to these motorcycle clubs we no longer have them . 
  it 's about the first thing we learn in school just in case one of us sees a leak in a dike so we know to stick our finger in it . 
  you mean the kind of [ pedophiles ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/11/04/bijan-ebrahimi-burned-to-death-pedophilia_n_4209497.html ) that photographs children destroying his yard ? 
  there 's free market housing and social housing . 
  free market housing set the price and it can pretty much be how ever high they want . 
  social housing is a house ( any kind of house ) that has rent under 681 euro 's a month ( excluding electricity , gas and water bills ) . 
  social housing is generally affordable by the common folk especially people that are single . 
  social housing is a system that gives you 1 point per month after you sign up for it , to keep it short . 
  you `` show interest '' in a house and he/she with the highest amount of points gets it . 
  if you want a social home in amsterdam i 'm afraid that the average wait time for a 1 bedroom apartment is 12 years , if you want more than 1 bedroom it 's about double that . 
  300.000 is a luxury home these days in most areas . 
  such areas tend to have an extremely long waiting list when it comes to social housing and aside from social housing rent can easily reach over 1000 a month . 
  i 'm talking about affordable houses around 200.000 euro 's which will easily get you a 3 bedroom family home . 
  mother owns a home , maintenance is a joke . 
  in 10 years she lost about 2000 ~ euro 's to maintenance on the house which was painting and a new heater ( cv ? ) . 
  insurance is also a joke . 
  she 's currently paying 120 euro 's a year for full insurance of her home and items . 
  property taxes highly depend on area , which is a price i do not know but for our previous house which was located in a highly wanted , currently very expensive area ( was more affordable during the gulden currency ) , was about 1800 a year . 
  that said , every person with the right mind would prefer buying over renting if given the chance simply because renting equals throwing money in an endless well and buying is always an investment whether or not you end up losing money on the sale or not fact is you 'll always get money back that you would n't get back with renting . 
  whilst typing this i was talking to a mate who works at a bank ( rabobank ) of the netherlands and according to him a 300.000 euro house will give you a mortgage of about 1150 euro 's ( give or take ) due to the tax breaks given by the government . 
  a 200.000 euro house would be roughly 790 euro 's a month . 
  as a dutch person , they should do that research here . 
  owning a home is almost no different than renting . 
  for starters , buying a home is cheaper than renting . 
  people i know often pay about 500 to 600 euro 's a month for the home they bought which is about the same as a person renting a `` social '' place or at least a place that has rent under 680 euro 's a month . 
  there 's the catch though , these homes have a waiting time of anywhere between 7 and 30 years . 
  often somewhere in between that but the place you wish to live also matters . 
  going to where there are no jobs ? 
  faster . 
  want a social place where there are actual jobs available ? 
  have fun waiting over 10 years . 
  yet the government think it 's a good idea to put higher taxes on rent every single year . 
  the dutch government is n't exactly known for their wonderful law making . 
  they 're often very unspecific when it comes to what is allowed , what is n't allowed and what 's a `` wink wink '' situation . 
  i can also imagine that there 'd have to be good laws in place that involve growing cannabis and who 's allowed to sell it and who is n't . 
  it 's not something that can be done overnight and i 'd be very surprised if we 'd see it anytime soon even though the people have been asking for it for a very long time . 
  and yes , i 'm a police officer . 
  making it legal would be good , but it 's very difficult . 
  as it currently stands it 's a `` wink wink '' situation . 
  i 'm forced to take away weed if i find any on a person or in a person 's car but if that person has a bottle of steroids or other medicine i 'm not in power to take it ( not that i 'd want to either ) because it 's considered a medicine . 
  i would n't exactly call these grow sites a `` criminal organization '' as it 's very from from organized and it 's often ran but no more than 3 people . 
  it is how ever extremely dangerous because they 're screwing around with power supplies that are not theirs to screw around with . 
  this either ends up with an unsuspecting innocent party getting a massive electricity bill or they tap it before it reaches the meter which often causes a fire and i 've even seen documents of people getting fried while attempting to fiddle around with it . 
  make it legal and make a proper law around it . 
  tax it like we tax cigarettes and let the government build `` grow houses '' that can be rented by professionals that wish to grow weed . 
  that 's a massive government income that we can all benefit from . 
  perhaps lower the accijns on fuels a bit ? 
  [ prefer this one ] ( http://members.home.nl/palm0046/rijksdaalder%201930%20pr.jpg ), 
  http://youtu.be/i2zcwoa_bla?t=2m28s the best dutch one i could find , sung by two dutch childhood heroes . 
  i have more respect for bill gates than the others on that list . 
  that man gives away so much of his money it 's crazy . 
  i know he earns more than he could possibly spend but it takes serious generosity to give away that much to people you do n't know , let alone people that do n't even know who you are . 
  good , you should n't want to !, 
  even though we fully support our policy at the moment it 's not exactly `` legal '' . 
  like many things in the netherlands it 's a `` wink wink '' situation . 
  we should 've made it legal a long time ago and put a small tax on it , that way we 'd have an amazing income due to all the tourists that come here to smoke . 
  a [ cat got blown off a roof ] ( https://twitter.com/yoitsinge/status/394818132650762240/photo/1 ) by the wind , making the death toll in the netherlands to at least 3 . 
  ( yes , kitty matters ) . 
  same here in the netherlands and it looks boring as hell . 
  nice video , guess it was pretty bad back then for some reason but honestly ... everyone i talk to thinks what 's happening today is disgraceful . 
  i had to pay 2200 euro 's for my driver 's license ( car ) and 1400 euro 's for my motorcycle license . 
  my mother had to pay 50 guldens ( 25 euro 's ) for her motorcycle license and 120 guldens ( ~ 60 euro 's ) for her car license . 
  they where allowed to practice on the road without anyone watching or giving a damn ( hello accidents ) and had a pathetic exam where all you had to do was show that you knew how to control your vehicle . 
  i currently pay 103 euro 's a month for owning a car ( road tax ) and regular gas is 1,73 euro 's a liter . 
  these prices are going up in 2014 . 
  cars that are older are currently free from road tax because hardly anyone drives one and those that do tend to own a `` classic '' because they have a special love for them and own a modern car on the side . 
  this is being cancelled in 2014 and cars now have to be 40 years or older and are banned from use in december , january and february in order to get a `` road tax cut '' where you have to pay 102 euro 's a year for owning one . 
  car sales where low because we have a ridiculous and illegal tax called `` bpm '' which put a tax depending on how much co2 a car emits which makes a car several thousands of euro 's more expensive than any other country in the world . 
  to advance the sales of motor vehicles the government said that cars that do n't emit much get a road tax and bpm tax break thus people got interested and started spending money . 
  our current government promised it would n't use the car as a `` cow to milk '' .
