  taxes ? 
  insurance ? 
  while i agree with that , i 've grown to wilder 's patriotism in regards to his economic views which currently require drastic measures . 
  i honestly would n't know what the `` best '' formation would be as i doubt the sp and pvv would be interested in working together . 
  but what 's happening now is disgusting as our , current , government 's definition of `` bezuinigen '' equals `` raise taxes on everything and get more income '' . 
  we need to spend less instead of raising taxes and `` accijns '' have to be tackled hard as it 's getting out of hand , yet they 're stupid enough to raise it causing even more people to lose their jobs and more people to go to neighboring countries to do their shopping . 
  i drive 45000 kilometers a year , needless to say i fill up in germany . 
  on a yearly basis i save over a thousand euro 's by doing so . 
  i do n't smoke nor drink , but i know people that do ... needless to say they also go to germany or belgium to buy their liquor and smokes . 
  buying a car in the netherlands ... not even once . 
  the government is still charging an illegal tax called `` bpm '' . 
  to compare : [ here 's a dutch citroen c5 ] ( http://www.autoscout24.nl/newmarketdetails.aspx?id=227648493&amp;cd=634958284960000000&amp;asrc=st ) and [ here 's a german one ] ( http://www.autoscout24.nl/newmarketdetails.aspx?id=227555150&amp;cd=634956795110000000&amp;asrc=fa ) meanwhile the prime minster ca n't tell people to `` buy cars and buy houses ! '', 
  enough . 
  exactly so a good reason for it to fall . 
  i know this subreddit is filled with leftist nuns but a party that 's actually interested in the good of it 's country 's own citizens would be good for a change . 
  i 'm tired of having to go to germany and belgium to buy pretty much anything i want such as car and motorcycle parts , electronic devices , groceries , gasoline and clothing because it 's saving me hundreds of euro 's each month . 
  the current government is n't doing anything useful and unemployment is going higher and higher every month . 
  fuck it , upvote for clever title . 
  as if they care . 
  the european court decided that the dutch tax called `` bpm '' was illegal as well but they 're still taxing it . 
  guess they do n't have money left to buy proper dogs . 
  my dog has both ph1 and ph2 and police agencies from all over the world sent offers ranging from 4.000 to 18.000 euro 's , the `` best of the best '' can go for 30.000 ( or even more ! ), 
  even though a perfect score is rare . 
  even though i know it 's naive but i really hope europe tells the us to fuck off when they 're asked to bomb syria . 
  i just spend nearly 6 years fighting those terrorists and losing friends to them and now we 're arming them ? 
  helping them ? 
  throwing bombs on people for them ? 
  could n't think of a bigger `` fuck you '' to those that served in the last decade . 
  it is if you keep importing goods that do n't work properly . 
  you have to fix a problem before you take more problems on . 
  i read that most of the asylum seekers are moving to malmo ... i was n't surprised with what i found on google and youtube when i searched for malmo . 
  we do n't have that many but that 's not surprising . 
  crime is rather low here and the `` real hardcore '' stuff tends to only happen in the cities such as amsterdam and rotterdam . 
  then again , this is also because our government is doing some serious budget cuts so i doubt they even have the funds to reinstate more if needed . 
  i know right i felt the same way in new jersey . 
  you honestly have no idea how lucky you are . 
  most of the times i meet a woman she 's taller than me !, 
  my last girlfriend was 1.92 and that 's about on par with most women i tend to meet ... awkward . 
  i 'm 1,78 , i feel like a midget in the netherlands . 
  went to new jersey a couple of times ... i felt pretty tall . 
  they are not forced to be in the shelters when they are here . 
  the only times they have to stay is if they are unable to prove who they are or the government does n't trust that they gave their real identity . 
  even then , it 's only a maximum of 4 days . 
  they are allowed to stay 4 weeks regardless of whether or not they are granted asylum or not so moving in with `` friends or family '' is a legit option instead of accepting housing that would otherwise have been given to the country 's citizens . 
  i do n't know the german laws but i 'm familiar with the dutch ones . 
  while citizens have to wait 7 to 30 years ( on average ) for a social home an individual ( or family ) that 's granted asylum will get a social home within 12 weeks . 
  they get paid every week and have the right to work 24 weeks a year and get paid for it without any money being reduced from their weekly pay . 
  they receive 75 % of minimum wage which per month per person , a bit extra if they have children . 
  of course the house they get appointed to depends on certain factors whether or not they have children for example but it 's not rare for a family to receive a family home which , in most areas in the netherlands , has an average waiting time of 20 years . 
  with the amount of housing shortage and banks not willing to lend sufficient money for young people to buy a house it 's not that hard to imagine , at least in this country , that asylum seekers are n't welcomed with open arms . 
  but i 'm sure i 'm just a racist that loves to spout propaganda , right ? 
  then why do n't they stay with their friends and family instead of shelters until the dispute is over ? 
  guess it would be expected that something like this would be downvoted in / r/europe , sadly . 
  why do n't they flee to neighboring countries such as turkmenistan , iran or pakistan ? 
  [ `` meet the fokkens '' ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wean54w4lp8 ) this one captures a rather large business here in the netherlands , amsterdam in particular ... it gives some perspective at least . 
  [ `` crips , strapped 'n strong '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsme_o4eppe ) this one was also rather interesting being a police officer . 
  i 've only been a cop for 2 years but the worst i 've ever been caught in was a pocket knife on a kid that was out in the city . 
  carrying a knife is n't illegal in the netherlands unless you 're at a place where people go to hang out ( bar , strip club , cinema etc ) or if there 's a carry ban given by the mayor of your town/city . 
  i 'd like to keep it that way . 
  not even the mafia carry firearms unless they 're about to `` take care '' of somebody but that only tends to happen in the 3 big ones ( amsterdam , rotterdam and the hague ) so far away from where i work . 
  other than that i 'm afraid i do n't know of any good ones . 
  my apologies for not linking full documentaries , i could n't find them with english subs due to getting the `` not available in your country '' errors . 
  i live near a dutch zoo called `` dolfinarium '' which is right next to a large sea port . 
  i noticed the numbers of seagulls declining and crows and ravens taking over . 
  could n't be happier . 
  because it 's one of the hardest languages to learn . 
  we have the silly `` sch '' and the `` dt '' which can be quite a challenge to learn as a foreigner ... hell even dutch people have problems with it . 
  why would fish be infinite with all the over fishing that is being done in the world ? 
  when somebody brings you a message that says a ship named `` the dolphin '' is heading your way ... you know shit just got real . 
  but if it failed so badly in dentistry , why would it work in other sectors ? 
  if we may take the united states as an example it would n't turn out to be that great in regards to prices . 
  this is n't shocking . 
  i believe it was last year where our government decided people taking driving exams no longer had to pay taxes over it , yet the cbr ( those that take the exams ) lowered the cost of exams by 4 % or 5 % where 's our taxes are at 21 % . 
  same thing with dentistry . 
  the government has an official price for everything dentists and orthodontists do and that 's the price they have to charge . 
  a year ago the government decided it 'd be a good idea to get rid of this and let those in dentistry become competitive ... it backfired . 
  the prices went up quite a bit and the competition was extremely limited . 
  the government agreed the test failed and they reinstated official prices as the prices were getting out of hand . 
  so healthcare companies doing what they do ... it 's no surprise . 
  i 've been with the same company all my life now and not once have they screwed me over nor have they screwed anyone over that i know . 
  i would n't change it for the world even though i quite like the way the swedes handle their healthcare . . it seems more fair . 
  we have to get out of the recession first and get prosperity before we 'll change people 's opinions and it 'd have to be done in a democratic way , something that most countries inside the european union seem to lack including my own . 
  laws are being pushed without any votes from the country 's citizens and when a poll is being done the opinions are simply being ignored . 
  you 're right it does say that . 
  but i 'm pretty sure that one does n't go by the `` three biggest cities '' or anything like that , it takes all cities into account and we have a ton of them . 
  small cities have the same prices are small towns as traveling distances are quite a joke here ... you can go from west to east in about 2 and a half hours . 
  well , us dutch ca n't actually fix our own problems either :( considering the average waiting time for a social home is 7 to 30 years and rising ... doh . 
  boston is a city , city prices are higher . 
  the average can be compared to the us , would a ghetto apartment be 1250 euro 's a month ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  go in a city and rent goes up considerably . 
  average in amsterdam is 1536 euro 's and the more center you go the more expensive it becomes . 
  my mother , who works for bilderberg , stayed in a 2 bedroom apartment in the center of amsterdam for two months due to work . 
  even though she did n't have to pay for it , the price was 4200 euro 's a month and it was your every day apartment rather than something luxurious . 
  it 's one giant cluster fuck over here considering how much the prices have gone up the last 30 years ( including inflation ) . 
  perhaps , but do n't forget your income is significantly higher as well . 
  damn your rent is pretty cheap in the uk , i wish we had these nice prices over here . 
  http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_countries_result.jsp?country1=germany&amp;country2=netherlands sad but fairly accurate ... damnit holland . 
  it 's filmed only there ? 
  if so , that 's amazing .
