  i was once in kiel and was n't really sure if i was actually in germany or denmark . 
  things do tend to get blurry after a few beers ... too many . 
  so where is vatican in all this ? 
  close , but no cookie . 
  denmark 's score was 0,091 . 
  you do n't get to be second world unless you score exactly zero on the terrorism chart . 
  i do suppose the little pale blue area near hamburg and kiel represents denmark , right ? 
  ... or unite it even more , one or the other . 
   should terrorists be jailed for life ? 
  after reading the whole tread i can say : duh ... friendship day - what a bad idea, 
  a little more than what happened after madrid train bombing ? 
  hey you are getting seriously downvoted ... for the truth ? 
  sometimes you have to shut up , or else others will assume you might be less clever than you might in fact be . 
  hey we have the marie sk\u0142odowska curie children hospital , built with aid from poland after the big 1977 earthquake . 
  we 're even what do you want more ? 
   `` lost lands '' from trianon you should have triple quoted them and absolutely capitalize !!!!, 
  ffs !, 
  oh , and i came here to see friendship . 
  who knows , maybe there was a party involved i could have bumped into , even uninvited . 
  i tend to do this when friendship is involved . 
  i 'm quite a friendly guy . 
  but i have to confess : this time i 'm guilty of disappointment !, 
  all i see is memories of umm ... territories split ( for bad , or good reasons ) , fighting , war and dark hours ... quite a gloomy foundation to base friendship on , but hey who was i to judge ? 
  a jealous uninvited guest :d then i left with a slightly bitter feeling and a vague sensation that i must be missing the point . 
  i 'm outta here . 
  well , happy friendship day !, 
  did i say i was missing a point ? 
  i just remembered . 
  you ca n't compare polish being ripped apart with trianon . 
  and not for the reasons some of my fellow redditors would mention . 
  what action could there be ? 
  should we start the ww3 against northern africa and middle east ? 
  the ideology is cooked in middle east while the perpetrators are mostly north-african/from maghreb . 
  and they meet in europe . 
  where do you find the enemy ? 
  what if the enemy is already in your country ? 
  or should we pick all the arab-looking people from the streets and put them in ghettos if they do n't pass a dna test ? 
  and why is n't there more action ? 
  simple . 
  because we . 
  are . 
  not . 
  nation . 
  ` mericans are , russians are . 
  we are not . 
  every time an attack hits an eu country , i suppose most europeans from other countries are mostly really sorry for the attack and deeply sympathetic for the victims , but how many are relieved on the inside and have the very little , tiny thought `` well ... at least / i 'm glad it was n't in my country '' ? 
  my country , their country . 
  see ? 
  it might be wild guess and it 's coming from someone living in a newer eu member , but look into yourself , how many of you had this thought ? 
  i know it might sound controversial but i ca n't help wondering . 
  of course , in a way , one would be crazy not to think this way . 
  i mean , what , should i wish it was my country ? 
  likewise , i suppose a french from lyon was sympathetic for the paris attacks but on the other hand was glad it was n't lyon , right ? 
  but how much sympathetic are europeans to each other compared to co-nationals ? 
  would italy ( random pick since no recent islamic terrorism attack took place in italy ) really go to war for belgium ? 
  would - i do n't know - germany or uk go to war for spain ? 
  the 2004 attack in span made almost 200 deaths and 2000 injured . 
  what was eu 's action ? 
  `` strongly condemned '' the attack and passed a resolution ? 
  france raised the alert level to `` orange '' . 
  the pr\u00fcm convention was signed in may 2005 and it was meant to help combat terrorism . 
  what did uk ? 
  opt out . 
  they did n't have major islamic terrorism incidents in quite some time , in uk . 
  well , the uk bombings were only 3 moths later so in may they might have thought `` sorry for spain but glad it was n't uk , maybe it wo n't happen to us '' . 
  terrorist organizations do n't vanish by themselves and some last decades . 
  i bet they will pick each eu/nato country one by one , preferably those with a larger american presence ( that might make the eastern block a little safer ) . 
  who 's next ? 
  italy ? 
  germany ? 
  romania ? 
  poland ? 
  vatican - ` cos they have the pope ? 
  now in romania the alert level is `` blue cautios '' . 
  come on are you kidding me ? 
  when the borders controls will get better and better in western eu , and i assume harder to plan attacks there , where will the next attacks ? 
  could it be in some of the `` lesser '' eu or nato members ? 
  bulgaria already had the 2012 bus bombings which even if not authored by is or al-qaeda show this can happen anywhere . 
  would i go to war for spain , french , or uk ? 
  well i like the spanish people , maybe for them yes . 
  the french people seemed a little impolite the two times i was in disneyland , so maybe not , i do n't know ... 
  the english people ? 
  i do n't know , they seem a little arrogant and do n't seem to like romanians , so ... why would i go to war for them ? 
  in fact , did n't churchill `` sold '' romania to stalin ? 
  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/percentages_agreement ) . 
  all right , j/k . 
  we all have sterotypes about other nations - and that 's the key idea - `` other nations '' . 
  the above was just an example and of course i do n't really get to decide if i romania goes to war or if i go to war `` for another country '' . 
  i suppose the nato agreement anyway are mandatory and if a nato country is really attacked , we will go to war , but is terrorism considered an act of war ? 
  truth is eu is kind of hands-tied . 
  maybe we should dissolve eu and introduce strict border controls and total weapons ban . 
  but then they will make bombs out of household chemicals ... 
  not that i 'm not a patriot , but i strongly dislike my country 's flag ( romania ) and just for chromatic reasons . 
  i would also move the capital somewhere towards the center ( brasov , or at least t\u00e2rgoviste , but that 's another story ) . 
  no disrespect for our history , but i think that who picked those colours was either color-blind or has questionable taste . 
  a lot of countries have two colours plus black or white ( which are not colours ) . 
  two colours are fine . 
  two colours + a white or black are fine too . 
  but three complementary colours ? 
  come on ?
