  there might be accidental homosexual manifestations , but otherwise you ca n't have a 100 % homosexual animal , because this animal can not evolve and can not pass its genes . 
  i can see a homosexual manifestation in animals like a bad-behaved dog trying to copulate with some person 's leg - it 's just a manifestation of sexuality caused by the lack of a proper partner . 
  that dog , if a partner would available , would rather prefer to mate with that instead of the person 's leg . 
  so returning to humans , i see humans as homo sapiens , a species in the animal kingdom . 
  we follow the same rules of evolution , even if we have intelligence and technology . 
  i can understand homosexuality as an accidental manifestation caused by the lack of a proper partner ( e.g. 
  in prisons ) but it 's hard for me to conceive a 100 % homosexual person would be normal from the evolutionary point of view , the same as i ca n't conceive a 100 % homosexual animal belonging to a sexual species ( this discussion excludes hermaphrodite species like invertebrates or asexual species like bacteria ) . 
  i am sorry if my views hurts the feeling of some , or makes some angry . 
  you can call me narrow-minded , but as long as i have arguments for my view , it 's a matter of how you work with these arguments and if your premises are true and used correctly to reach a conclusion . 
  finally - if i may joke about the last point , i guess i should walk on the street and say `` i see gay people '' . 
  again we 're debating semantics . 
  what is `` knowing '' ? 
  are there any gay people around me ? 
  i do n't know . 
  you or others can insist that you know there are , but it 's just what you think , it does n't make it necessarily the truth . 
  why would i say - why would you want to `` force '' me to admit - then , that `` i know gay people '' ? 
  as per my limited and narrow-minded knowledge , i do n't know any gay people - *** that is , as far as i know *** . 
  why do you or other insist on imposing their opinions on others/me ? 
  it 's like wanting me to accept god exists , only because you think that 's a truth . 
   italians quitaly sounds rather funny . 
  we must be proud !, 
  tariceanu is becoming our le pen !, 
  a strong-willed blonde lady , with anti-eu ideas . 
  ( well he 's not a lady , but he 's still light-haired ) . 
  til . 
  i thought the definition of borders is limited to land or natural/rivers . 
  1st world prosperity . 
  that 's not really a border , it 's : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maritime_boundary, 
  true . 
  i can confirm . 
  totally off-topic but thanks , somehow i relate to that text :d i guess i 'm a lot more antisocial that i cared to admit :d, 
  we do n't hate iran . 
  we even have iranian students and iranian investors/business owners . 
  we also have saudi students , greek students , kurd students ... well never mind that 's unrelated , but we do n't hate iran . 
  i personally like iran ... a little :d, 
   tend not to hate anyone but they do like the idea of a strong and why not big/greater russia , right ? 
  i am genuinely asking , not being sarcastic . 
  i met a russian guy during a training somewhere in `` the west '' , and that guy genuinely agreed to putin 's politics . 
  i was astonished , i thought putin could n't have people 's support ( that was quite some time before crimea , a few years ago ) . 
  swiss and belgians triggered, 
  romania joined the war against russia/ussr for the very reason that russia/ussr previously annexed a part of romania . 
  well , you russia , are n't an even bigger threat ? 
  you know what 's statistics ? 
  if a have a two burgers , and you have no burger ( none , nada , zero ) , on average we have one burger each , right ? 
  bon app\u00e9tit - enjoy your ( on average one ) burger !, 
  if i have 20 friends and all married and with children , how many lgbt people i should assume are among them ? 
  - you tell me . 
  if some random university colleague i never saw during the last 20 years or so might be lgbt , how could i say `` i know lgbt people '' . 
  you sir , or ms , are delusional . 
  i have no idea , but i saw everybody posting about long bridges and somehow i thought of sausages . 
  it 's for purely defensive purposes . 
  really . 
  i mean it . 
  no sarcasm intended . 
  anyway , joke aside ( or not ) . 
  radio free europe helped romanian people ( or some of them ) realize there 's something more out there , something else than what the regime said . 
  maybe it might have a similar role for the the russian people , though , we ca n't deny they do have a lot of other possibilities now , to access information , compared to the 80 's . 
  me , a danger for the gene pool , for having a view different than yours . 
  well , that 's smart , i hope you have a lot of kids to pass the smartness gene to . 
  i did not say lgb ppl are a danger to the gene pool , but that they are less likely to pass their genes to the gene pool . 
  whatever . 
  edit : or maybe you replied to somebody else , otherwise that does n't really make a lot of sense . 
  maybe you should read again my posts above to make sure who you 're replying to . 
  i never said for me it 's a problem , either . 
  it 's maybe for them but like suicide , it 's a matter of choice . 
  i only say and i stand by that : being lgbt is like suicide but on a larger scale - it 's genetic suicide within the species . 
  it 's their choice and i have nothing against it , but i have the right to a view , and that 's my view . 
  i do n't get it why some are irritated by this . 
  that 's a totally different thing . 
  might be a language issue here but if there are lgbt people among my acquaintances or friends , and i have no idea that they are , i would n't call that `` knowing '' . 
  as far as i know , i do n't know any , so ... what 's deluded in this ? 
  it 's known fact vs hypothetical . 
  if or when my available information would change , i would be able to say `` i know personally lgbt '' people , but until then , i do n't . 
  i said i do n't know any lgb person , what 's so hard to believe and how does this make me `` deluded '' , `` mate '' ? 
   being gay does n't mean you ca n't produce children ... 
  indeed , but i thought it 's less probable to produce children and more probable to adopt ; so the gay people might not pass their genes to the offspring , to the human species pool ( that is , if they decide not to have kids ) . 
  so i was just saying that 's a pity - maybe those ( gay ) persons were talented , were smart etc etc. 
  and their genes will be lost ( especially if they do n't have siblings ) . 
  it 's not about being allowed [ ** edit : i have to emphasize this - did i say i would advocate this ? 
  or else i do n't understand what you mean - i only said they are less likely to reproduce , as per their wish ** ] , it 's about the meaning of life . 
  is n't the meaning of life - globally for the human species - the survival of the species ? 
  i feel like deciding not to have kids is somehow counterproductive for the human species as a whole . 
  if all of us would decide not to have kids ... well ... you can see where it goes . 
  edit/preamble : i see my post is quite controversial and maybe misunderstood . 
  in my excuse , i am a rationalist and i have science background . 
  so my views are purely justified on my view about life and nature . 
  this is * liberum arbitrium * / free will vs survival of the species ( actually only the survival of the lbg people genetic line within the species ) . 
  should anyone have the right to live a life according to their choices ( as long as they do no harm to other people ) ? 
  of course . 
  they should have this right , no matter what religion or other people say . 
  but is this really normal from a species evolution point of view ? 
  rather not . 
  but in the end it 's their choice , their problem . 
  sadly , if a really smart person is lgb and has no offspring , that might be a waste for the human gene pool . 
  would i dislike a lbg person just for being lgb ? 
  most probably not , but i 've yet to know one . 
  yet still , i can understand why some ( including the old communist official position on this ) think , purely from a scientific point of view , that being lgb is not normal . 
  in a way , lgb is like suicide , but regarding the survival of the species . 
  or is like uncontrolled apoptosis , on a cellular level ( well not really apoptosis but refusal to multiply ) . 
  what if your own body 's cells would suddenly decide they do n't wont to divide/multiply anymore ?
