  there once was a man from ` stanbul , was named erdogan and his tool ... was covered in white , and more than one mite . 
  because he f * cked sheep and got wool . 
  yeah i know - i usually do n't like this kind of humor , but the spectator emphasize their goal is to obtain the most obscene kind of limericks and not politically-oriented : http://blogs.spectator.co.uk/2016/04/introducing-the-president-erdogan-offensive-poetry-competition/, 
  well , yeah because the liberals want to prove they have high moral standards ( i 'm not saying they really have ) - so they wo n't allow a candidate from their party while under investigation . 
  but apparently the law allows even criminally convicted persons to be nominated and elected ( of course , after getting out of jail - or at least i * hope * so ! ), 
  and i heard there are some cases of mayors with criminal record ( i might be subjective when saying they are mostly social-democrats / psd ), 
  yep . 
  and still we have candidates for elections with criminal record . 
  seems that the law does n't forbid it ( and according to [ this forum ] ( http://www.avocatnet.ro/content/forum | displaytopicpage/topicid _ 288818/pot-sa-candidez - pentru-functia-de-consilier-local-daca-am-cazier . html ) supposedly any democracy allows this ) . 
  hehe , i 've sent one to the spectator . 
  done it quickly , does n't have too much sense i guess . 
  here it is : there once was a man from ` stanbul , was named erdogan and his tool ... was covered in white , and more than one mite . 
  because he f * cked sheep and got wool . 
  you have some good points there , but some of them are unavoidable and/or not really bad on the long term . 
  some of the things you mention are a consequence of globalization , and not of being part of europe . 
  for example , children shouting english words - that 's not really related to europe . 
  most of the english influx ( or pollution , if you wish ) actually comes from us via music and movies . 
  ( by the way my kid knows to swear in english better than in romanian and also learned to swear in swedish - i thing that 's from prediepie , but even this , i do n't think it 's a consequence of being european ; if pewdiepie would be nigerian , maybe my kid would know how to swear in nigerian  ) . 
  regarding the germans , they did indeed bad things ( well , not * they * , but more like their grandfathers ? ), 
  but they seem to try to * rehabilitate * ( at least concerning jews and why-not , poles ? ) . 
  they might have a different conquering approach , by using economy , but that 's much less harmful and sometimes even beneficial for the `` conquered '' countries . 
  and one more thing - if you look to human history from the prehistoric times , you notice a tendency of societies ( and state-type organizations , after they appeared ) to merge and become larger . 
  i bet all the ethinicites and all the countries were some very long time ago just a bunch of families , then tribes , then voivodates or lands , or knyazates ( whatever ) and then provinces or smaller `` contries '' up to the current `` size '' . 
  was poland that big from all times ? 
  what i 'm trying to say is that maybe globalisation is meant to happen , for human kind . 
  maybe we will have in 1000 years from now , an earth `` federal republic '' and some others on different planets ... ( i know , i read a lot of sci-fi  ) . 
  so even if europe is currently not at all homogeneous and not really unite and equal ( and might never fully be ) that 's the tendency - not because we want it , but because `` history says so '' . 
  i do n't think we will totally lose our own , ethinc or national values , but they might indeed get diluted on the long term . 
  in the end , what 's important is the human race to survive . 
  i 'd rather have my grand-grand-children bear my genes in a few generations living as romanian , french or german or even polish than not at all . 
  so yea , national identity is important but not the most important thing of all . 
  well maybe russia/ussr should have limited to a slightly `` smaller '' and nicer ussr and then maybe everyone would have been happy , including your neighbors , 
  sorry i can not keep myself serious when talking about basescu . 
  on one hand i 'm firmly convinced he did n't steal as much as others ( and until proved guilty i 'm not really sure he did something illegal ) . 
  on the other he was a funny and strange ( or strange in a funny way ) political figure . 
  just my opinion . 
  i 'm really fed up with the vacaresti tunnel and with the rebreanu tram line managed by the psd mayorship and which i expect will take longer to finish than the great wall of china . 
  so all this anti-basism ( not saying it 's your case or this post 's reason ) makes me laugh . 
  i think we have higher targets to be hateful towards , like the whole damn psd . 
  i know a turkish-owned shawarma ( donner ) shop in bucharest on giurgiului street . 
  it 's one of the best showarma i 've eaten ( thogh i admint i haven eaten shawarma in a lot of places ) . 
  the ingredients are always fresh , everything is clean and there are no flies , not even in the middle of summer ( how the heck do they manage this - must be that buzzing electrical thingy ... ) the business owner also cooks pita-bread ( they do it in-house , have their own oven ) or prepares the donners , sandwiches & c so at least in the ( not-so-high-but-very-tasty - ) cuisine we actually might share some values with the average turk :d, 
  so , that 's two europes ... :d the world-conquering one , and the ... usually-conquered one ? 
  hmmm sounds like ... eat or be eaten :d, 
  yup , sorry , i knew i must have been forgetting a past world-conquering/global dominance empire or kingdom . 
  no offence meant , portugal !, 
  [ strong ] ( http://fallout.wikia.com/wiki/strong ) strong . 
  strong do n't need weapons . 
  strong find milk of human kindness , drink milk . 
  make super mutants stronger than humans . 
  well , good for him , he deserves it . 
  oh , only his rights were violated ? 
  i must have read it wrong . 
  good . 
  sometimes i have to close 3-4 annoying ads on the same page covering most of the screen and slowing down the browser on the edge of freezing , just to able to read a news * article . 
  and sometimes they hide the `` x '' closing button in the ad 's design or move it in an unusual location just to hinder the user in closing the damn ad . 
  * edit - and i really mean news , not torrents or pr0n . 
  some news/media sites on the . ro tld do really have way too many ads . 
  for , or from ? 
  but wait ... 
  i have a few questions : 1 . 
  how did the money got dirty in the first place ? 
  were they really that dirty to need cleaning up ? 
  after all , clean is good , * clean is nice * ^ ( tm ) , right ? 
  what 's wrong in cleaning things ? 
  and finally last question ... were they his money , or somebody else 's ? 
   ahahahaha what , have n't you heard it ? 
  poland just declared war to netherlands and immediately surrendered and were annexed . 
  now poland belongs to the crown of the netherlands in the newly formed netherlands-polish commonwealth . 
  they want to get brainwashed in order to achieve not understanding what they want . 
  ... it 's 2.0 pre-alpha . 
  full of bugs . 
  so the forest is great , but the trees are meaningless , or the other way around ? 
   you just said in the former post that europe is great while being european means nothing , while in the latter you say european peoples are great but you do n't believe in ... [ a monolithic ] european identity ? 
  never mind , it 's not really that important and i do n't want to give the impression i 'm arguing or something ... 
   world conquering that 's not `` to be european '' but maybe only to be british , spanish , french and in some respect dutch and german ( sorry if i forgot some other former `` empire '' - well italy might be listed too but that 's ... ancient history right ? ) . 
  what `` world conquering '' did the poles , czechs , romanians , bulgarians ... * et cetera * ? 
  some of them might have done a little `` regional '' conquering in the area , but * world * ... ? 
   nothing . 
  i do think europe and by extension the western civilisation is great . 
  care to explain ? 
  i 'm just curious , because it seems a little contradictory ( maybe a typo there ? ) . 
  you say it means * nothing * to you to be european , but on the other hand you * do * think europe is great ... or did you mean `` i do not think europe and by extension the western civilization [ are ] great '' ? 
  this made me wonder how many former parliament members , government members/ministries , and presidents of romania are currently being or have been criminally investigated . 
  and for that matter , is this really important to be placed under investigation , or is it to be proved guilty instead ? 
  we keep saying that one politician or other has been put under investigation but i suddenly realize `` put under investigation '' is not what should bother us , but proved guilty , right ? 
  and thinking of it , having a `` crimnal record '' - is this the same as having a `` dosar penal '' ? 
  or as having `` cazier '' ? 
  edit : according to google , what we call `` dosar penal '' in romanian , is called in english criminal prosecution/criminal case file . 
  but what does this mean ? 
  is n't the subject of the file presumed innocent until proved guilty ? 
  i keep wondering why are we always talking about politicians with `` criminal prosecution/criminal case file '' when instead being convicted ( and having a criminal record ) should matter more ? 
  by europe , as an extension , i usually think of eu . 
  i 'm not sure if that was the intended question , but being part of europe ( per se ) is for me more or less just a geographical fact with its historical consequences ( for my country ) . 
  but somehow a thing of the past - e.g. 
  what our location meant with respect to wars , empires , dominance spheres etc. 
  so i will pretend the question is about eu ( no offense to the non-eu guys - i really like serbia/serbians for example , even if i do n't know anyone personally ) . 
  i have mixed feelings about this . 
  on one hand , it feels good to be part of something larger , something better ( at least in theory ) . 
  and having a model in the older democracies - model for politics ( with one or more grains of salt ) , education , economy ( in various degrees ) , civility and the way society works in the other countries .
