  you enter the grey zone of : until how much should we say `` it 's enough , you 're rich enough , you should pay '' ? 
  because the main problem in france is especially around the house market . 
  houses prices are skyrocketting , and as soon as someone has property , he should be tagged as rich enough ? 
  plus , it changes if you 're in paris or in lille , prices are not the same , what will look like an astronomical amount for someone in lille will look rather ok for a parisian because they are used to those very high prices . 
  it still wo n't mean that the parisian is rich though , it just means that he 's ready to sacrifice more . 
  i agree with you , in fine , rich people should pay more . 
  but the truth is , rich people pay experts that allow them to save billions when inheritance goes . 
  while middle class suffers . 
  i 've read not long ago that we 're always viewed as `` better off '' than someone else , maybe even by your neighbour . 
  even if you think yourself as middle-class , something in your neighbour 's life may make him think that you 're rich , when not really . 
  i found that kind of fascinating , but the whole article was in french , welp . 
  i would n't , but then again , i would n't give a ticket to women wearing burkinis either . 
  things i 've never seen on a beach to this day : - kippas - nuns - burkinis things i 've seen on the beach other than swimsuits : - pareos - hats - topless people - people with tees i suppose i go to the wrong kind of beach then , eh . 
  it does n't work that way in france , we have `` notaires '' who are specialised in this and estate papers . 
  when someone deceases , it 's their job to search for any will and do all the papers . 
  they block the deceased 's bank accounts , for example , and they will be the ones to make bank transfer once everything is settled . 
  they have 6 month to `` do the inheritance '' ( no clue as to how to say it , in french it 's `` r\u00e9gler la succession '' ) aka contact the tax office and resolve everything . 
  usually the tax is paid from the deceased 's money . 
  the problem we run into is : houses and appartments . 
  prices have shot up so high that it 's not surprising to find old people who bought their house relatively cheap , and still have modest revenue all their lives so there 's little money at the end . 
  in such case , to inherit the property , the people have to contact the tax office and get some credit on 10 years to pay the inheritance . 
  people often try to sell houses/appartments the cheapest they can to pay this . 
  not to mention , they also have a tax on added value , so they have to be wary . 
  relatives are only involved if their is no direct descendants or will ; then it goes to the most direct relative . 
  tl ; dr : i just shortened and made a simpler explanation than what it is . 
  not to mention , it 's the poors and middle class who suffer the most from tax inheritance . 
  try to give your kids a house in france haha kidding . 
  you ca n't if you 're not upper class . 
   there should be an inheritance tax like in the us . 
  it exists in france . 
  it does n't help prevent the phenomenom , because in the end the rich know how to pass their assets without paying too much of it , while middle class and poors do n't . 
  so it 's mostly paid by those who ca n't afford to , really . 
  death is one of the main reasons why you can find appartments relatively `` cheap '' : it 's to pay the inheritance tax the ones who inherit ca n't pay . 
  the minimum you have to pay depends on the link you have with the deceased ( like , 7 or 8k $ if it 's an uncle , 100k $ if it 's your parents ) . 
  there is no tax if your spouse deceases . 
  you can not object your kids from inheriting - there are few leaways around that one , but normally it 's forbidden . 
  you can also inherits debts and that 's why you can refuse your inheritance in france . 
  to his defence , i 've been going to the beach since i was a kid and never saw anyone with a kippa . 
  it 's very rare here for jews to wear a kippa , there is only one place i can think of in my town where i 'd see them . 
  these are not laws , they are arr\u00eat\u00e9s . 
  mayors have such power in their city . 
  in cannes , the mayor banned the burkini , but it is also forbidden to only be wearing swimsuit inside cannes . 
  you have to be fully clothed , even if lightly . 
  next town it could be very different . 
  what can i say ? 
  it 's july-august , shitty months for politics . 
  perfect to pass hated laws ( people are in holidays and not in the streets protesting ) and at the same time , it 's perfect to grab attention by doing stupid moves . 
  i 've seen a policeman tweets about the burkini . 
  i think they 're all ( or a vast majority ) against this bs but have to obey the orders . 
  it must suck to be in this position . 
  i saw a tweet joking about how they should include a 15km looking for an opened bakery running event for paris 2024 just yesterday and i 'll admit i was also thinking about that one when i wrote my previous post !, 
  august is the quietest in big towns , because everyone is in holidays in france . 
  no kidding my town almost looks like a dead town in august . 
  some shops are closed between 15 days and 3 weeks !, 
  so yes , august is always the quietest . 
  i do n't doubt though that with less tourists than usual , it really is the quietest ever since a long while . 
   who knows . 
  they 're really good at finding out what they do n't want , shortly after election it . 
  they ca n't win because when we vote for someone , it 's usually against someone else . 
  so in fact it 's not that a majority wanted hollande , for example , but rather that they did n't want sarkozy . 
  so the elected president starts with a negative outlook . 
  it will be the same next year , because people will be voting against mlp rather than for someone . 
  i wo n't even go further because european elections ? 
  vote sanction against the governement . 
  same for \u00e9lections r\u00e9gionales . 
  only the mayor seems to be spared . 
  paris has loooots of chinese people , not only from indochine . 
  there is even a whole area in paris itself where you 'll find chinese shops , restaurants , etc. 
  where they live . 
  same for lyon . 
  you had the crystal palace , that 's why we built the eiffel tower . 
  not our fault your palace burnt !, 
  ( honestly , i would have loved to visit this ) . 
  this , i was fumbling at why louis vuitton was the most popular in france . 
  no way . 
  until i thought `` misleading title , it has to be the most popular brands from the country '' . 
  i also learned that lc waikiki still existed , i remember that from the 80 's , have n't seen it in years . 
  went back and ca n't unsee !, 
  what is forbidden is to publish those pictures , not to take them . 
  furthermore , there are loopholes such as `` i wanted to take a picture of the scenery '' etc. 
  edit because i ca n't english tonight , sorry . 
  funny thing is i read more than a month ago now in a french article that they had it a given that may would n't trigger article 50 before the french/german elections . 
  and i thought it was most probable . 
  since then i kept seeing it pushed away - from autumn to the end of 2016 to the beginning of 2017 to after the elections now . 
  yep , with the fn at higher scores than ever and a presidential election next year , we definitely ca n't afford to take more migrants right now , sorry : /, 
  i do n't think it was all altruism from merkel . 
  she knows germany has an aging population , and i think that played a part in her decision . 
  not everyone , but it was explained about * everywhere * how to use them . 
  our police and gendarmes have warned against hadopi for this exact effect iirc . 
  before it was written in the law . 
   one might even argue that they 're no longer the most important place for it , the internet is and thanks to hadopi everyone uses proxy and encryption messages . 
  our police/gendarmes had warned against it , but hey , it 's for the sacem !, 
  ( please note there is no mention of artists in here ) . 
  i 'm not saying it 's normal but we 've had those since 1995 i believe . 
  i do n't really feel safer with them around either - whether they are here or not does n't really matter to me . 
  they 're just doing their job , imho . 
  dang , for once our government did good by imposing those limits ? 
  i really thought it came from the eu haha . 
  til !, 
   what i would like is to oblige cable operators to allow other operators in using their infrastructure against a regulated connection fee you mean , that does n't exist in europe ?
