but the problem is that we do n't exist in a void ; our politics are going to look at catalonia and think `` oh shit , we should n't give our own people ideas now that they 've mostly calmed down ! '', 
  that 's how i think they 're going to react , especially since there are so many potential secessionists in france ( and i 'm not even talking about the pacific islands there , just the m\u00e9tropole ! ) . 
  i do n't look at it emotionally , that 's the thing : i look at this in a very cold manner , i 've no investment in this at all . 
  i 'm someone who looks at the economics side of this , the repercussions such a decision can have on the `` new country '' itself , as well as the neighbouring ones . 
  i usually think that populations make overall pretty bad choices because a lot are manipulated by politics from whatever sides , so i tend to stick to the repercussions these kind of decisions will develop . 
  i 've absolutely no reason to believe that corsicans can exist as solely corsicans and not french or italians , and that they can survive on their own without our help . 
  i 'll let you think about what it would entail for them to be a `` country '' , and ponder if they * truly * want independance based on this . 
  you 're french and you do n't even realise why france would n't want a neighbouring secessionist state ... hello , have you seen our `` nationalistes '' ? 
  do you think our politics can just smile and say `` welcome ! '', 
  basques are already claiming they want to make a country too ( and there 's a tiny part over here in france ) ... corsicans , brittany , who 's next ? 
  hello , france can not afford such crisis , and certainly does n't see it as `` beneficial for the eu '' . 
  the eu is an organisation , you realise that , right ? 
  if you 're a new country , you 've everything to do , that goes from constitution to money ... and international recognition . 
  if catalunya claims its freedom ( and if spain allows it , which does n't seem likely ) , it 'll take years and * lots and lots of money * before they can be recognised as a country in itself . 
  spain and france will likely not recognise it as a country , so that means catalunya will never enter the eu either . 
  fun fact : brittany also had its share of secessionists , though the movement has died since then . 
  the most violents were definitely the corsican ( they still blow up stuff on occasion , sometimes people even - their own , mostly ) . 
  corsican desperatly needs the state 's help though , being a tiny island and all . 
  if it was n't france , i 'm guessing it 'd be italian and they 'd complain the same . 
  it 's still a beautiful place though . 
  as far as secessionists go , we * also * have basques . 
  german is indeed a big culprit in such cases !, 
  ( so is japanese ) . 
  i imagine it can be so misleading for both people who are being translated ( if they see the interpreter ) and the ones awaiting for the translation !, 
  your ama is very interesting btw , thank you for sharing your experience , 
  it 's always fun to look at interpreters when they translate from a language where the verb is at the end of the sentence to a language where it 's placed at the middle . 
  with possibly someone who is n't aware and wonders why the interpreter has n't said anything yet  but , yes , kudos to you , that job is indeed very difficult !, 
  is there anything you 'd think would go smoothly prior to taking the job and ended up as being a bigger difficulty than what you 'd like , as an interpreter ? 
  apparently , making a grammatical error on reddit when you a not a native speaker is forbidden ? 
  i was n't aware . 
  you perfectly knew what i meant because of * context * . 
  sure , if you read one message after another without taking into account the previous one , discussing might be very tedious for you . 
  i really wonder what my flair says , really . 
  jeez , maybe it is related to this `` there '' . 
  are you trying to test my patience , or are you a genuine idiot ? 
  and asians are how we call people there if we want to include everyone . 
  i do n't know why it is so hard to grasp that i may including everyone because i was thinking of many different parts of asia when i talked about this matter . 
  really . 
  it sounds just very nitpicky to me . 
  like , i 've no problem saying my father is japanese , but i was n't talking about east asians specifically so it does n't really matter and that 's even why i omitted this . 
  i 'm annoyed that you just chose to go on and on about this matter when obviously i made a broad generalisation * on purpose * . 
  also , i 'm not a youngster anymore , so i 'm not sure about that last line , 
  and so ? 
  * i am half-asian * . 
  my father is asian . 
  that 's all it needs to be , right ? 
  as i 've stated earlier in this thread , i 've known * lots * of asian of various cultures , and i was thinking of how asians * generally * are seen in france , not specifically my father 's peers . 
  in this context , why exactly should i specify my father 's country ? 
  it brings nothing of value . 
  so being from one place or another makes them less asian to you ? 
  yes , and i 'm talking about * all * the asians , so i do n't know what your point is . 
  this actually explains why one of my indians friends who lives in the us is often driven mad by the fact that people are surprised she calls herself * asian * !, 
  i was not aware , thank you . 
  is n't asian someone from asia ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  i 've known indians , buthaneses , nepaleses , vietnameses , cambodians , south korean , chineses , japaneses , indonesian , thai people ... 
  they 're all very asian to me ? 
  again , that 's exactly what i said , that * there are some pre-conceived thoughts * about asians . 
   despite some pre-conceived thoughts about asians uh , read again ? 
  as a half-asian myself , i was thinking that asians do n't have that kind of stigmate just today while chatting with friends about it , despite some pre-conceived thoughts about asians . 
  as a society , i do wonder why some did integrate better than others . 
  why is there such a shift ? 
  is it in the way they are treated ? 
  why is it that some of them work hard and identify as french , and others do n't ? 
  i think the answers run deeper than a mere `` imported arabs '' when most problems come not from 1st generation , but from their kids or grandkids . 
  bullshit ; they 've been born and raised in france . 
  for most anyway . 
  they 've either radicalised , either have become radicalised muslims . 
  we 've a * lot * of 2nd , 3rd arab generations here . 
  the biggest problem is not that they are here , it 's that they have not integrated with french society and do n't identify as `` french people '' . 
   also for fucks sake : not being able to speak english as a 30 + year old guy ?? 
  i 'm 39 , can attest my english professors in high school were absolutely awful , did n't learn anything with them . 
  maybe he had the same problems . 
  i got back in gear thanks to uni and tabletop rpgs ( than extended to forums and writing , talking and writing in english with new friends i made , etc ) . 
  i 'm absolutely not surprised a 30 + years old guy has an abysmal level of english . 
  last i heard we 're the 2nd manga and anime consumers after japan . 
  the veil is to be worn once they step out of the plane . 
  and [ that comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4dazg7/air_france_crew_angry_at_order_to_wear_headscarf/d1pjrsl ) says the truth about the whole situation . 
  it is to note that air france has accepted their request too . 
  no woman will be forced to fly to iran if they do not wish for it , and this without any consequence ( sanction ) . 
  edit : typo i just noticed now : /, 
  yes it is . 
  it 's ok at the beach , but not in town . 
  you can be arrested for that . 
  well , i managed to visit it that one day per year they have cowboys reunion or something ... which was great to see ( and food was good ! ) . 
  but yeah , it was very impressive !, 
  first time i went to the us , i saw a huge guy driving a. . . smart in the death valley . 
  his cowboy hat on . 
  as europeans , we had a `` wtf '' moment before going `` awesome !, 
  oh shit i forgot to take a pic '' ha . 
  in france the regions ( which is the election this man is running for ) are actually paying for schools . 
  education is part of what regions have to support , and i 'm pretty sure they have grants for art schools . 
  do n't forget that only private schools are paid by french people who send their kids there , not public schools which [ this school is ] ( http://www.ensba-lyon.fr/ecole/informations/statuts.php ) ( it even has agreement from our culture ministry ) . 
  and honestly , it begins with art , then what ? 
  universities and schools that do n't teach what they like will be closed too ? 
  this is stupidity at its finest ( and god knows i dislike modern art yet here i am defending it ) . 
  last time i saw one it was 20 + years ago i think : / i ca n't even remember clearly when it was - though i do remember a huge new year day covered with snow and it was glorious ( it was still nearly 20 years ago , mind you !, 
   anything trying to show `` cheap '' which selects london in the uk has failed . 
  i saw that and went `` haha '' . 
  same with paris and france , really .
