  i thought everyone had this , because in france we do . 
  they have a one year ( or 6 months , ca n't remember ) of exclusivity before other cable operators can come and grab the infrastructure . 
  state of emergency does n't really scare us though . 
  we 've had patrols in the streets for years . 
  instead of 3 guys per patrol i counted 4 after the state of emergency . 
  whoops , so tense . 
  he 's a known funny troll in this sub  makes a lot of jokes to make people jump at him . 
  i really hope so because , as a french , i do n't really want to see spain go through catalonia 's secession . 
  i 'm just wary because from here , i get the feeling that the cries for independance are louder and louder as years pass . 
  if catalonia continues to want independance , especially against spain 's wish , i do n't see any eu institution going there . 
  even if madrid supports it . 
  we 're already moving the institutions , that 's not to move them again even before they leave london . 
  that is only logical . 
  it 's got nothing against barcelona , but we 're putting the institutions in a place that will not have uncertainty . 
  i support fully the institutions going to spain and italy , fyi , i think they will be fine there and it will help both countries . 
  however , as it stands , i am against barcelona getting them because catalonia 's desire to be independant seems to be growing stronger and i 'm not sure the eu will be up to change the institutions ' place every two years . 
  i have to sadly say , as a french , that a lot of our teachers in any language suck . 
  my daughter 's been driven away from german which she used to love by a professor she 's had 2 years in a row and is likely to get next year too . 
  i 've had ok to so-so to terrible teachers in english except for one exception this year ( went back to uni ) - he was praised by all the students who had him and asked for more classes with him . 
  he 's more the exception than the rule . 
  yeah , i 'm french even xd but i do n't live in paris - though my city is also very touristic . 
  we 're not saying england was french , we 're saying normans were french . 
  which they were , starting the xth century . 
  there were also a lot of power play back then . 
   my theory is that these two differences are roots of the `` french are so rude '' stereotype . 
  `` bonjour '' , `` excusez-moi '' ( if necessary ) , `` merci '' , `` bonne journ\u00e9e / apr\u00e8s-midi / soir\u00e9e / bon week-end '' , `` au-revoir '' are words that will make service people smile at you . 
  it 's not hard , people just want others to be polite . 
  if you 're not polite , why should they be polite towards you ? 
  the normans were french because they swore loyalty to the king of france and thus , were considered as french people . 
  dude . 
  that 's how it worked back then . 
  when did you get the impression that normans were n't french ? 
  i only like sweet alcohols , ca n't drink strong alcohols etc. . . hahaha . 
  to be fair there are a lot of champagne that are crap . 
  i remember before new year seeing a report with a champagne expert : the 500 $ bottle was just barely ok , the best one was a cheap auchan bottle or something :d ( it was a blind test ) . 
  personally i prefer sauternes , everyone can keep the champagne , just leave me the sauternes :d, 
  it is to note that french people historically love to actually own their house . 
  it 's not really seen as investment , but if everything goes wrong , you still have a place where to live . 
  uk is weird though , it 's buying for xx years , right ? 
  like , for 99 years ? 
  though i also read that in some cases ( not all ) , you * really * buy . 
  it 's all weird to me . 
  it 's called `` rire jaune '' in french . 
  apparently translates into `` gallow humor '' in english . 
  because i answered to a fellow french person , who at this point must knows how much sarkozy is yelling to get all the attention that the government is n't doing its damn best , that it should protect the citizen more , it was also implied that i was laughing at his hypocrite manners . 
  but like i said , it 's gallow humor , not a real laugh . 
  so fuming it is . 
  i think in this case it was more the judge 's fault to not ask him what his references ( aka jobs ' possibilities with employers testifying they were interested ) were . 
  the judge got lied to - and this is something isis fighters do : they lie and try to get low profile before doing their attack . 
  i think judges all across europe should really get that into account . 
  these were * already existing laws * when hollande was elected . 
  you ca n't blame it for this . 
  what can one do , to not allow mistakes ? 
  the reason why the death penalty is seen as bad and has been abolished is because there will always be mistakes . 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong per se , i 'm saying this can not be tagged as the government 's fault , especially since the parquet was against the judge 's decision . 
  sarkozy makes me laugh right now ; he 's the one who destroyed our rg and so many army and police jobs . 
  i 'm so fuming . 
  enough with that shit . 
  it 's not the government 's fault , it 's the judge who decided to `` free '' him . 
  the `` parquet '' which represents the government was against it . 
  edit to add : the fucker lied to the judge to get out , said he had job opportunities , wanted to marry , etc. 
  the judge wanted to believe that , hence his/her decision . 
  you can downvote me all you want but it 's not the government 's fault here , what can the government do against justice ? 
  our justice and our government are two separate things . 
  sarkozy shut down the rg during his presidency , merging them with another service . 
  the problem is that it created a lot of troubles from what i 've read and they 've been underperforming since then . 
  they 're catching up , but it 's fucking slow , and we need them right now . 
  it was a really stupid decision . 
  fyi the rg were known for both spectacular successes and as spectacular failures . 
  what can we do , when sarkozy destroyed the rg ? 
  : / we still have a few years ahead with bad intelligence services , just when we need them the most . 
  we 've always been good at this . 
  our various swat teams are all very hardcore and several are trained in hostages management situations . 
  i wonder if the priest was already dead when they arrived , it 's actually kinda rare that someone is killed on hostage situation in france as far as i remember ( else than the hostage taker i mean ) . 
  in france we do n't call them isis but daesh like , 99 % of the time . 
  1 % left is '' \u00c9tat islamique '' which sounds too long for a war cry . 
  no , it 's not . 
  they attack shops when the `` casseurs '' come during protest ( they 're not part of the protest , they just come to attack people and shops ) . 
  burning cars during protests is really rare . 
  edit : unless it 's a protest against police , just like this one . 
  then it 's a must-have : /, 
  i know an iranian actress , who got denied a role for an iranian in a movie because she did n't look `` iranian enough '' . 
  there were not enough facepalms in the world that day . 
  thank you !, 
  i am too . 
  i love france but damn , the politicians are looking worse and worse each new president elections . 
  not boding too well for our future , eh . 
  maybe yeah . 
  sounds good !, 
  a lot of great people have refused it . 
  seriously yes , he deserves an award , but something that has been given to singers ( who , as artists , have their own medals to claim ... ) and lately one saudi prince just because ? 
  lol , i would n't want that for him . 
  he deserves way better . 
  yes , but it was supposed to end on that day , before the attack . 
  i think it does n't matter anyway , the 14th july and its fireworks were too big to pass , ugh . 
  he deserves way better than what this medal has become though . 
  * looks at the next generation of politicians in france and cries * that said , yeah , this guy is a true hero . 
  neither does a french one . 
  the fact that he wants to be a candidate does n't mean he 's going to be the president . 
  he has very little following and is way too young to be picked by french electors anyway .
