  it still exists now , usually the major monks ( such as dalai-lama , but also of less importance than him ) still practice celibacy . 
  it 's an old plan to remove it from law texts . 
  now we all understand that harry potter 's family was quite good to lend him his bed for free , 
  first , we are n't a jewish-christian country . 
  we 've killed people for not being * catholic * for centuries . 
  we were rigidly * catholic * and forced everyone to * be * catholic , unlike the rest of europe . 
  so her statement is wrong on that point ( even our bank holidays are still based on catholic calendar ) . 
  second , we are * not * of white race . 
  there is absolutely no white race . 
  the human genotype tracks back to like , 600 people in africa . 
  saying there are races amongst humans is only a way to divide us . 
  it says `` if you are n't white , you are n't part of us '' . 
  which is not true , especially not for france which constitution has always been based on this principle first : * les hommes naissent et demeurent libres et \u00e9gaux en droits . 
  * ( people are born and remain free and equal in rights . 
  the social distinctions can only be founded on common utility ) . 
  lastly , morano is one of our biggest joke topic on twitter . 
  her credibility as a mp is downright * in the negatives * . 
   rice lol nope . 
  not even close to pasta in france . 
  i shop in one of the biggest supermarket of my country ( france , obv . ) . 
  so i can safely say : water , sodas , yoghurt , fresh fruit and veggies ( they 're together ) , alcohol . 
  if you mix all the frozen stuff together , i guess they 're amongst them too , but i think it 's quite cheating . 
  i already feel bad about putting veggies and fruits together :d alcohol is a big big shelf though . 
  looooots of it . 
  maybe the biggest one , especially in september when the new wine hits the shelves . 
  the longest grocery shelf right after this is probably * pasta * . 
  god knows we eat truckloads of them . 
  all kind . 
  from the noodle type to the italian type , with organic and brown kind and everything-pasta . 
  but it 's scattered amongst many shelves . 
  the longest shelf is the italian-like pasta though . 
  edit : i forgot cheese , dammiiiiiit !, 
  yeah the cheese section is just . 
  big . 
  i remember waking up at the news on the radio . 
  i was in uni back then . 
  my first reaction `` say whaaaaaaaat ? '' . 
  it hit me later , when i watched the news on tv at night : everyone bringing flowers bouquets either at the pont de l'alma , either in london , in front of buckingham i think ? 
  i remember a french dude tried to live on french-made products for a while . 
  he said the quality was better , but he had to re-learn how to live completely , his house was empty for a long while because french products are really expensive . 
  he was like `` no more computer or smartphone for me ! '', 
  lol . 
   there is a large quantity of picture on search engine that are n't suppose to be freely accessible . 
  and there is already a solution to that : prevent robots that crawl the net to index them . 
  easy way !, 
  there is a lot of content on the net that is not freely accessible , that search engines will only point towards without showing pictures or full text , and it works !, 
  this is a backwards way of doing it , really . 
  hell , i know that some blogs ask you if you want your blog to be indexed by google , same for twitter i believe . 
   just like germany does n't have google news . 
  yes it will be an inconvenience for the consumer , it does n't mean we should allow creator of content ( image , news , video , music , game ) not get paid . 
  our generation as a very serious problem . 
  we consider all that for free when it 's not ( and on top of that we do n't even want to watch the add that would pay for it ; thanks adblock ) . 
  ty , but i do n't think i am your generation . 
  i am probably older than you ( since i am older than the average reddit user ) . 
  i am all for paying for content , i actually still buy cds and dvds and brs and games in boxes . 
  so there you go . 
  also there is no google news in germany , but i think other countries went the same path and it ended awfully for the press , so i 'm not sure it 's the right path actually . 
  as i said , it 's very easy to prevent a robot to index your page . 
  everyone wins . 
  there should n't be a law for something as easy as a line in code to add on a page . 
   they will either ask autorisation to use it for free , pay , either wo n't that 's not how it works . 
  even if the pictures all point towards the creator , even if people go through the hassle of asking if they can post it , the law does n't see it that way and does n't discriminate between those who had the right to post it freely and those who do n't . 
  this law is a mess because nobody went through the hassle of thinking of all the ramifications it was going to be subjected to . 
   put a brand name in a google image search , every single image coming up are under copyright yes and they want it to be seen . 
  free advertising . 
  an what do you do with pictures that are free ? 
  you tax something that is supposed to be free . 
  not to mention , search engines give traffic to the website that uses it too !, 
  search engines have also said they could n't ( because google is n't the only one that will have to pay ) or would n't pay for them . 
  which means , no more search images for french people . 
  some people need them for their work . 
  what will happen to people who have blogs just with pictures from others ( like a simple tumblr fo rexample ) , does that mean they will have to either shut down , either pay too ? 
  we have already gone through this in / r/france and everyone agreed it was a stupid law because hell , it is . 
  it 's a backward law , made up to satisfy the authors ' right owners societies . 
  most pictures posted on the web do n't belong to an author that suscribes to these . 
  a lot have been freed of their owners ' rights , but because france does n't recognise this right for an author , it means that even using these means you have to pay for those through a search engine ? 
  no thanks . 
  i 'm fed up with giving my money to right owners ' societies . 
  we already are the country in europe that is the most taxed for them . 
  suck it up and fucking change , but do n't do this !, 
  i really have no clue , but let 's pray it is !, 
  we have other elections right after to change our deputies though !, 
  like this we also change our assembl\u00e9e nationale . 
  half of the senate is reelected through electors ( grands \u00e9lecteurs ) every 3 years . 
  so there are more changes than what you think . 
  no the real problem lies in our politics ... 
  i ca n't even begin to state the sorry state of this . 
  there is actually no one i trust for our next presidential . 
  things gon na be fun i guess ? 
  but for internet specifically , it 's lobbying by the right owners ' societies . 
  i mean , i am totally for authors living off their creations . 
  but the way we handle this is totally ridiculous . 
  this is going nowhere , and all they ( = these societies ) want is more money . 
  hence more and more stupid laws . 
  we really ought to get something unified at an european level for this . 
  it 's been out for about a month i believe ? 
  this is one of the stupidest laws ever . 
  i weep every time the governments ( all of our successive governments , no kidding ) try to touch the tech sector . 
  probably , but do n't say how everyone in france would react in a passing note . 
  you would n't know , really .
