  i believe uk has 3 millions more people than france though ( approximatively ) . 
  however it 's true we have more natural resources . 
  this is what annoys me the most , really . 
  i mean , ok , they voted out - it 's their choice - but right now the eu has to suffer economic turmoil because they 're not sure as to when they 're going to trigger a50 , and it makes a huge uncertainty bubble , not only around the uk - again , their choice - but also around the eu . 
  this is what irritates me the most in the whole debacle . 
  she also said she does n't believe the uk is in crisis ... 
   probably by alain jupp\u00e9 ( who has slightly more favorable ratings than sarkozy right now ) i wish i could dismiss sarkozy but the guy is a fucking fox . 
  the program for presidency he just had approved by lr is fucking toxic , and he manoeuvered so jupp\u00e9 and others could n't vote on it . 
  plus he 's still well-liked by his party members . 
  as a french , the cookie law is the least of my problems in tech to be honest . 
  i mean , google image ( and probably all equivalent services by others ) may close soon . 
  no , we do n't care at all . 
  plus he was n't married either . 
  i mean come on , we had a president who managed to hide his daughter 's existence for so long . 
  do you think we 'd care about a mistress lol . 
  chirac was also known to like women - or at least he had the reputation to !, 
  any pregnancy after 40 years old involves greater risk for the mother and the baby . 
  the older you get , the more dangerous it becomes . 
  well , good question . 
  at worst there will be bilateral treaties i guess ? 
  i was thinking about it because of the touquet treaty but you 're probably right , it 'll probably an answer from the eu as a whole . 
  it does n't work that way ; can their roles be easily filled ? 
  what kind of jobs do they have ? 
  will those jobs be moved or not ( like say , they 're finance-related , they could end elsewhere in europe ) ? 
  will the economy be strong enough for those jobs to be replaced and not simply suppressed ? 
  i also heard your unemployement rate is already kind of low anyway , so is it worth it ? 
  if retired people come back , you 'll have many problems , namely they will fill the nhs without bringing much more than their pensions . 
  it 's better to have immigrants who are working and contributing to society , if you want to compare - those people help fund the nhs . 
  right now there is a lot of uncertainty surrounding the uk and its future relationship with the eu . 
  i hope the best for you guys , i truly do . 
  but i ca n't say i 'm not sceptic about it . 
  sorry for not being clear !, 
  of course not the uk as it is right now , but - i ca n't remember who threw in the idea , sorry . 
  i read that yesterday but i was tired so details did n't stick . 
  wow , thanks to both you and / u/wasabigum !, 
  that 's a little creepy though ... 
  there are many in france too . 
  i think they can make bilateral treaties , so that they 'll remain here , however that will hugely depends on how the uk treats the european citizens first . 
  i read yesterday that the uk wanted to use the eu citizens as `` hostages '' for the negociations ( for lack of a better term ) , but they forget that we have mostly retired people and if they want to exchange working people that contribute to the country with old people who will be stuck with no home , little income , and will be heavy on the nhs ... 
   the archaeologists have found evidence that in the middle ages the st. george church near trudovets was actually located on an island in the middle of a small lake which dried out after the 14th century . 
  wow , that 's fascinating . 
   `` it is very weird . 
  stones had been removed from the foundations of the church , and the woman was buried under there . 
  she was just `` built-in '' i wonder why is it that the tomb was built into the foundations ; i mean they really went out of their way to put her there . 
  they speak of these tales like everyone knows them , but could someone fill me in about them ? 
  gove , may , farage ... 
  i wish i had as much optimism as you . 
  do n't worry our fisheries are now crying over spanish fisheries . 
  now if only this had n't triggered an environmental disaster , i 'd totally laugh at the irony . 
  the metro is fine , the rer not so much . 
  the sncf ( which owns it ) really needs to up its game there . 
  it affects people living in the suburbs - the poor ones - essentially . 
  please paris traffic is a nightmare ; owning a car in paris is a fucking luxury - parking , gas , insurance , all of these cost so much , not to mention the time lost in traffic . 
  meanwhile the public transport is cheap . 
  and when it 's down you can go an get a fucking electrical scooter , or a bicycle , or an electric car - whatever you want - which is still cheaper than buying a car and getting all the associated costs . 
  i have read that this will affect only around 10,000 cars . 
  seriously people are up in arms for things that are necessary ; paris needs better air quality . 
  for its inhabitants , workers , tourists . 
  now i agree that paris will need to take other measures to help - i 'm not up to date with everything they say because i 'm not parisian , so i do n't know where they are compared to other towns like mine that are also fighting air pollution . 
  air pollution is a huge health problem and takes off years of life as an average . 
  it needs to be fought , by all means . 
  i was just thinking about this after reading an article about a news on atoms ' nucleus discovery , led by ... a brit . 
  one can only hope that the terms wo n't change too drastically for uk scientists . 
  what do you mean , you did n't have ballots with `` leave '' noted to send to england for this referendum ? 
  i know we did . 
  as a french , i would totally support that . 
  it would give good balance , and give a well-needed push to spain . 
   the person standing for pm with the most support was a `` remain '' voter . 
  but she said she 's going to invoke article 50 , did n't she ? 
  at least she looks like she has the balls to do it , from my french ( so maybe ill-informed ) point of view ? 
  i think the gayssot law should be well enough to punish the derniers . 
  our mps have this tendancy of wanting to rewrite new laws redunding with older ones just to be in the spotlight , sigh . 
   overturned by the opposition . 
  no , overturned by our justice court . 
  this 400m had me frothing over since it happened , and i 'm certainly glad that our justice finally told tapie off . 
  she * : the mayor of paris is anne hidalgo , born spanish and from the left . 
  yes , i 've been told so in another thread . 
  still , there other muslims were - they really do n't mind who dies in the end . 
  edit : why did i write where instead of there ?!, 
  fumble i guess . 
  ugh , stay strong , friends . 
  i 'm so sorry this is happening to you , on ramadan no less . 
  how can these people claim they are muslims when they attack on such days is beyond me . 
  this basically means half of the swiss wo n't be happy with the turn of events , wow : /, 
  i 'm afraid it 's already too late ; i mean , even if the brits remain in the eu ( aka do n't trigger article 50 ) , the breach of trust is deep . 
  not only from the eu itself , but also from countries all over the world . 
  you guys have made the world lose billions of $ in a few days ; business will remember that and will rather be in a country that has less uncertainty . 
  it 's a crying shame , because i do love the brits . 
   he was absolutely unprepared for a leave result . 
  not that the leave leaders were prepared for it either , from my little french perspective on it . 
  he was old , but in my mind , he was still the terence hill 's buddy in his movies , so not as old . 
  i really was n't prepared for this :(, 
  she will have to act swiftly , because banks are already looking to get out of london . 
  what is going to happen now that uk are out ? 
  i 've read that they 'll have to reopen a border between the countries ? 
  if that 's so , is n't better for ireland to join shengen ? 
  and ghosts !, 
  do n't forget dem ghosts !, 
  the ftse did n't fall because the bank of england poured # 250 billions ( milliards en fran\u00e7ais hein ) to soften the blow . 
  they wo n't be able to do this eternally .
