  i 'm explaining why he did that and why it has no bearing on what 's going to happen anyway . 
  i 'd say , they needed an empty place to make a border ; they could n't do it in paris - except for eurostar and planes - so they did it the closest they could to england , and that was calais , where boats departs from france to dover . 
  ministry of finance , do you really think he has any say in this ? 
  he wo n't be our next president , you know . 
  plus he 's currently fighting the government because he wants to be a candidate in our next presidential elections . 
  exactly , i do n't trust anyone to take that out ( and i 'm french ) . 
  what can we do ? 
  let them embark for dover ? 
  lol no we ca n't let them leave in dangerous situation that has high possibility in resulting in death . 
  yeah , it was to put on perspective about london 's prices , comparatively to other european nations . 
  i wondered about them when i read about erdogan urging them to come back . 
  good luck , turks . 
  and stay safe !, 
  i paid nearly 400 $ too but it was because i was an adult going back to uni for a year - or so i thought !, 
  the * boursiers * must be the ones who only pay 180 $ then . 
  thanks for correcting !, 
  yeah so many european cities are missing , just wtf , how did they do this graph ? 
  well , hong kong is not in europe , 
  oh yeah zurich is not on the list , how weird . 
  i wonder between zurich and paris which one is the most expensive though . 
  but even with the new pound , i think london tops ; they have lost 10 % of their value , have n't they ? 
  it does n't seem to be enough to lose their top place . 
  i think london is one of the most expensive cities in the world though . 
  so it definitely tops the list . 
  in france it 's 180 $ a bachelor year ... 
  so , what is the median ? 
  people have gained height rapidly since the 70 's , it also depends on your age . 
  [ sorry but you are shorter than average ] ( http://www.insee.fr/fr/themes/document.asp?ref_id=ip1123 ) . 
  the average in france is 175cm for men , 163cm for women . 
  fact is though , very few people care if you 're tall or not here . 
  which makes it worse , i hope you can see that . 
  the fact that your government will trigger article 50 `` someday '' is a huge liability . 
  people need to know when that 'll happen , they need to fix that uncertainty . 
  it 's a shame really , because brits researchers are great - and they have warned against a brexit iirc . 
  i hope both the eu and uk will be able to sort this out but right now , we just ca n't because maybe someday you will trigger article 50 . 
  or not . 
  who knows . 
  no one wins , that 's for sure . 
  uh , it does in france . 
  you ca n't have a big knife ( like the kitchen ones ) on you - or at least you 're not supposed to . 
  we have several elite troops like the gign ( the gipn is the equivalent but with police forces , for example ) . 
  i 'm glad we have them too !, 
  the truth is that most french people feel that this is local news , not a terrorist attack . 
  it 's treated as such by our own media . 
  what do you want us to say ? 
  i have already pointed out that this is local news and i wondered why big media took this story this far . 
  for the reference , i 've checked 20minutes because it 's a free newspaper that enjoys big stories . 
  they have one article covering the story , put it in the local news section . 
  most of their coverage are about nice attack , trump and morandini ( french presentator ) . 
  the fact that even them do n't really care about it should tell you how big this story is ( not ) in france and how it 's perceived here . 
  we 'll probably get another article that will explain why the attacker did that when we 'll get the reason , and how he will be trialed , but that 's about it . 
  also , [ check this thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/france/comments/4tmi87/the_image_im_getting_from_usuk_media_is_that_the/ ) if you want to know more about the situation in france and how people feel . 
  there 's no freedom of speech as you guys have it here . 
  oh i thought you were talking about sarkozy , hence my confusion . 
  yes , 170cm is kind short for a guy nowadays , at least in france it is . 
  uh , it 's 5 ' 4 '' . 
  i 'm 5 ' 5 '' and he 's shorter than me . 
  well , according to wikipedia , sarkozy is 165cm tall and hollande is 170cm tall . 
  so both are short , but sarkozy is really short . 
  it 's for human dignity . 
  [ ouest france ] ( http://www.ouest-france.fr/societe/faits-divers/attentat-nice/attentat-nice-publier-des-photos-de-victimes-que-dit-la-loi-4371302 ) did a recap of what the law says :  les articles du code p\u00e9nal concernant la libert\u00e9 de la presse s ' appliquent \u00e9galement aux particuliers . 
  the law that apply to the media also apply to civilians ; if you publish a photo of someone without his consent , there can be a fine up to 15k $ if you can recognise the person - that is only if the person is alive . 
  ( privacy matter in this case ) . 
  when the photo is about a deceased victim , the judges can give sentences up to 5 years of prison and 150k $ fine , to protect human dignity . 
  i 'm trying to remember . 
  i think there 's a loophole with the media if it 's not in france ( same for photos of criminals that have n't been judged yet btw ) . 
  so some media decided to use it , others not . 
  it started in the 90 's when people started to complain that they were eating while watching news on tv and suddenly you 'd have war videos with young kids watching . 
  or at least that 's partly how i remember it . 
  in france it is , at least . 
  there were warnings all over twitter about not retweeting videos and pictures of the victims in nice , that those who did could be held liable . 
  no , they were neighbours on the same vacation place , it seems that they had neighbouring `` troubles '' . 
  some have argued it was because of how the victims were dressed , but we do n't know yet . 
  the man did n't say it was for anyone , etc. 
  i 'm really surprised to find this thread here to be honest ; it 's local news more than anything . 
  that 's what i was thinking about , thanks !, 
  it 's stupid to ban the hijab , but i think there is some law in france that allows the employer to put whatever restrictions he wishes to in its internal code . 
  mind is fuzzy but there 's definitely something like that and that 's how they go around this one . 
  * clicks on the ads link * oh good lord , an adaptater for a steering wheel control , i really did n't think it would be that !, 
  but yeah i remember the uk had a large factory of these , if they 're getting out of the eu , we 're going to need one in the eu . 
  makes sense . 
   no decent architect would dare to literally rebuild as it was . 
  who you gon na call ? 
  * viollet-le-duc !, 
  i 'm hoping for you that it wo n't be as bad as what we can expect ... 
  i agree , but her sentence is very confusing . 
   `` people going on holiday or travelling on business or to collaborate on science will be able to do that but the right to reside and the right to work here will be under work permits , '' i do n't get this . 
  she means you could travel on business or `` collaborate on science '' with no permit ? 
  she thinks science is so easy they 'll stay there a month at some random hotel and then gtf back to their country ? 
  how is travelling on business or collaborating on science not working ?? 
  now that 's an idea , let 's put our football team in * lieu et place * of our politics xd, 
  the eu has no choice there , it 's up to you to trigger the a50 . 
  i know people here have mentioned article ( ? 
  not sure ) 7 but it 's not fitting your situation at all . 
  i also do n't think that the waiting game is exactly in your favour ; with the uncertainty and markets shaking violently , no one is going to be happy to have to wait for the article 50 to be triggered by you . 
  on a random note i read that they might wait for the elections up in germany and france before invoking it , hoping for new , better terms . 
  i highly doubt it 's going to happen , at least with the french side . 
  i still do , but i 'm french , i need my bread , eh . 
  i 've seen packs of 4 , 6 , 8 , 9 , 10 , 12 , 24 eggs . 
  i 'm like `` please no more '' at this point !,
