  i modestly propose to sacrifice him as a blood tribute to appease him . 
  true . 
  never underestimate the power of mass laziness . 
  yeah , it gets really hard to not fall into the fallacy fallacy after a while . 
  yeah , it gets really hard to not fall into the fallacy fallacy after a while . 
  at least it was n't cena . 
  i do n't know ... 
  if the us loses neutrality , i fear that other countries may follow suit . 
  i have a terrible committed sacrilege . 
  i will confess to high priest piqu\u00e9 in hopes of amending my horrid sins . 
  shakira help us , mean look never meant to deal damage , it meant to make you stay and force you to listen to their shit . 
  the latin american conundrum : all of our countries are spelt the same way in spanish as in english , so we do n't have a fancy native word to protect our subreddits with . 
  luckily for us , the vogue thing right now is to shit on islam and the formerly perfect eu countries being torn apart by the aforementioned barbarians , so the ammount of shit is kept pretty low . 
  hello , my young friend . 
  i see that you have kept your purity well . 
  this pleases god , blessed by his name . 
  but , would n't you like your heavenly efforts to be rewarded by say , the right to have up to 4 wives ( that you can rotate if you want a another one , no problem with that ) and up to 72 * virgins * in case you valiantly die ? 
  think about it kid . 
  not something that concerns the mods but i 'd love it if the userbase moved a little bit to the left dramawise , because there is some liberal shit that 's oftentimes lost but it seems we do n't appreciate it as much . 
  to be fair , those states have been so hammered up in pop culture that i think they 're recognizable enough for people to get that they 're american and also from a pretty big and recognizable state . 
  if somebody asked and was replied with `` i 'm from new hampshire '' the person asking may get the sense that the replier is american because apparently , americans are the only ones who do this ( thanks to texans , californians and floridians ) but they wo n't know where the hell nh is . 
  this is the first time i log to reddit in several months from my laptop and i just have to say that you did an awesome job with the css . 
  the moving banner with jesus guiding and don is just glorious with the twinkling effect pouring from the flag and its wave pattern . 
  it 's really impressive . 
  lmao with the side picture about the microbreweries !, 
  it 's a little baffling that trump supporters are still trumpeting trump like it was super tuesday . 
  they won , we got it . 
  why do these guys feel the need to not only shove him down our throats but also to try to make us * love * him ? 
  not related , but i spotted mtt with a neutral comment on a regular askreddit thread . 
  it was pretty amusing ; in my ignorance , i thought he would solely log onto reddit to comment on his bombastic views , but i can see that he also has other simple , common , healthy interests . 
  such is the life of reddit celebrities . 
   if i had to pick what kind of family man i want to be , i 'd go with ned over tywin any day of the week . 
  the entire point with tywin was that life was too hard for love and compassion ; and carving out prestige , fear and power for his family was his way to care for them . 
  even while being so tough with his children , his motto was to care for the lannister family as a collective unit ; which is the reason why did n't throw tyrion to the sea the day he was born ( he even wanted to look for a way bail him out of the trial despite cersei 's will and the mess he got up into ) and why he turned a blind eye at cersei 's / jamie 's incest . 
  tywin got the job done , no matter what . 
  he gave up entirely on morals in order to secure the victory , and he paid the ultimate price for it . 
   but by the time his grandson had become the undisputed king of westeros , his families fortunes had been squandered by all but one of his children and grandchildren . 
  if he was still alive to see cersi 's walk of shame , and his grandson bullied around by the high sparrow , he would have realized how bad he failed . 
  believe me , none of that would have happened if he were still in power . 
  he would n't have let cersei be anything more than just a beautiful baby factory and he would have taught tommem some crown discipline and judgment to be cruel when needed . 
  this is just speculating but i believe that he would have coerced littlefinger to work for him and pay the crown 's debt , and also he would have probably made the reach gather enough food to survive the winter . 
  the one thing i think he would have fucked up big time was on the walkers , as he simply dismissed them as fairy tales . 
  i do n't know ... jon arryn did a pretty good job , his only sin was not being able to procreate healthy offspring ( yet still he probably died proud of his fatherly role to ned and robert ) . 
  also , man ... doran is some next level shit . 
  he might not have done such a stellar job with his sons because of his personality , but quentyn seems to have inherited his cool temper and intelligence . 
  arianne turned out to be clever as a fox , but that little errand of hers really put me off . 
  lord hoster died with a dirty little secret ( which is probably immense ) which he kept on regretting on his deathbed , so i really ca n't have an opinion on him . 
  as for the rest of the patriarchs , the lord of the stormlands was the father of robert , stannis and renly . 
  enough said ( though i 'd like to know where did stannis get his sense of rectitude , though ) . 
  as for the queen of thorns , i do n't think we have seen the last of her and she likely has a very rich backstory and a handful of surprises in store . 
  also aerys , pls ... 
  i loved how honorable ned was , but his death was useful for martin to show how you will die in westeros if you live by unbreakable honor because it 's just simply too uncivilized and unstable for such a high concept ( and tywin understood that . 
  yes , i 'm a casterly rock shill ) . 
  now , i 've got a little harry potter thing going on with got : i planned to read on the books , then watch the corresponding season , but my brother gave me all of the book series up to dance of dragons so i just kept on reading . 
  i assume you watched the tv show but did n't read the books , did you ? 
  ca n't blame you if you did . 
  i can certify that the show is extremely well done and you 're not missing much from the books if you watched the series . 
  they even added some spicy stuff on the series that was not on the books : renly and loras were not gay and banging each other ; also , the masterful scene where tywin and olenna discuss the prospect of cersei marrying loras never happened , and arya was the cupbearer of lord bolton ( not ramsay , his father ) instead of tywin . 
  about hoster tully : i hazily remember that it was catelyn taking care of him in riverrun and that brynden and edmure set ablaze his funerary pire downstream the river when he passed away , which means that had to be near the end of `` a storm of swords '' . 
  in his deathbed , senile dementia had fully kicked in and he kept mumbling the same feminine name over and over and begging her to forgive him , while he did n't recognize his own daughter beside him . 
  the woman 's name was a weired one like `` apollonia '' or the like and catelyn was just as confused as the reader . 
  i 'll revisit that part ; martin loves to hide important stuff in itty bitty details so that they fly by our heads and bite us in the ass . 
  your tone does n't read hostile at all !, 
  i 'm enjoying our talk very much as well , it 's just that i 'd like you to remember that i 'm playing with fire by having this cool chat because i 'm not up to date yet with the books/series . 
  mexico . 
  every once in a while an athlete or a team of athletes with an outstanding performance get to meet the president . 
  it 's more of a political maneuver , an isolated thing . 
  lmao you just spoiled the entire thing for me , but i guess i walked right into that one . 
  yet still i stumbled into crappy memes that spoiled the red wedding and oberyn 's death but martin 's writing was so good that they still took me by surprise when i got there . 
  well , i guess that some characters are simply so skilled or they exert so much influence that you have to take them out for stuff to happen . 
  case in point again , tywin . 
   at least arriane 's plan made sense ( which btw , how could i know of her if i did n't read the books ? ) . 
  hbo did n't spare a single sex scene , and she has sex with ser arys oakheart , so you may have known her from there if you did n't watch the show . 
  i consider martin a literary genius , period . 
  the storylines are incredibly complex and he intertwines them in such a way they are an emotional and intellectual wild ride . 
  the sandsnakes took over sunspear ? 
  well , lust for power is one hell of a drug . 
  also being emotional is not good for taking coherent decisions and sometimes you just need an excuse . 
   for example all of the descriptions of the flashbacks dany has basically telling you that jon was lyanna 's son , or how they foreshadowed the conflict between king robert and ned . 
  i 'm either retarded or the books did n't shed enough light for the reader to know that lyanna was jon 's mom . 
  i never got wind of that until i accidentally scrolled down the comment on a got video . 
  there 's something about this girl that made me uncomfortable . 
  perhaps her gaze or how she leans to the front of the camera . 
  anyway thanks for the link , it was a great explanation . 
  i disagree . 
  not long ago , someone uploaded the confederate fox costume holding a trump sign that read something like `` stand with the president '' . 
  that feels to me like trying to make you agree with the stuff that trump does rather than celebrating 6 months after the win . 
  come on , those references were near impossible . 
  tyrion also had random dreams and nightmares and that did n't mean anything . 
  did martin himself said that was official foreshadowing ? 
  i just feel so stupid when i do n't see those things coming . 
  context ? 
  i do like bill maher 's comedy and arguments for the most part . 
  did he defend the use of the n word ? 
  more than low-effort , i think it 's the newbies thinking : `` 1 . 
  he 's american , 2 . 
  he says shit ; let 's post it in here '' . 
  i mean , look at our glorious banner . 
  the trump phenomenon was unheard of for me . 
  i mean , not so long ago , romney made the 47 % comment that probably cost him the election .
