  because it 's about coming to terms with your social/emotional side and attempting to provoke feelings in others . 
  ( women ) at the same time , we 're supposed to comply with social expectations that at least i perceive are unfathomable for me :, 
  * men are supposed to be competitive - i dislike competing, 
  * men are supposed to be dominant - i do n't like leading , i 've no problem following if the leader proves to be competent and coherent , though . 
  * men are supposed to control the pace of relationships - wtf , really ? 
  not sorry for not living in 1000 b.c. 
  * men are supposed to exert power - not my type ; i 'm all by the code of `` live and let live '' . 
  basically , if you want to be considered successful and get laid a lot , you have to become a caricature of masculinity , like kratos from god of war . 
  what follows that is a long and painful system of categorization of people , and based on what i 've observed , i think it works both ways . 
  that extremely broad categorization intends to rate people , ( namely women based on her looks , men based on `` manliness '' ) * and value their `` social '' worth on on anything other than their essence * pretty much like an invisible ( but way less harsher ) indian caste system . 
  so off with it , it was an interesting ride . 
  i quit . 
  all of this comes into play because i had a strong sexual desire . 
  yes , we 're evolved creatures , and cognition is awesome but sometimes emotions are very hard to control , even when you invest your mind on it . 
  tl ; dr : having strong sexual desires while being a male intp is also a hard ride . 
  mainly because of the clash of social expectations with the expectations of your own . 
  well , i live in mexico , ( go figure ) and i 've lived alone happily for 5 years . 
  in my experience , unless you live in a very dangerous place , the worst problems you 're gon na face are cooking , paying your bills and cleaning . 
  ( house-related ) hmmmm ... people usually does n't give a damn about other people unless you do something directly to them . 
  why do n't you try to get therapy ? 
  you sound stressed . 
  but i understand you , so far your family has provided you with a sense of security and comfort . 
  when you flap your wings and fly away , finally unconstrained , you will feel the freedom in the form of wind striking your face while you mind your path in life ... 
  i just replied someone about how awesome living alone is . 
  you do what you want , when you want , the way you want , and * if * you want . 
  because of the structure of my house , i do n't have to do any `` major cleaning '' but i definitely have to clean periodically . 
  i could put up with my laziness for like a month and a half , then i 'd decide that was too much stress for me to cope with and clean everything wholesale in a single day . 
  this strategy spares me of said stress . 
  i want to learn how to animate . 
  what happens with me is that whenever i listen to music , images come into my mind . 
  kind of like a reverse movie musician . 
  but then again , my damn self-critique and rapid loss of interest haunt me in my will to acquire that ability . 
  ( too long , did n't watch ) ^ ( but i plan to , it looks interesting . ), 
  there is also a shallow but not impossible chance of you getting eaten by bears on your next field trip , or dying from hitting your head in a wall in the bathroom by slipping with a soap while taking a bath . 
  those fears are irrational and have to be dealt with . 
  ( i know what you 're going trough though , there was a time when i felt i 'd die in a car accident when i was learning how to drive and this stressed me to the point of having physical reactions to it ), 
  i hope that , in the future , you can enjoy the freedom of living alone . 
  this is exactly the reason why i avoid horror movies like if they were the black pest . 
  ignorance is bliss ... at a certain extent . 
  there was a kid in the front page who dressed as hitler . 
  and got suspended for no reason . 
  unless he lived in germany , where they take very seriously any reference to the 3 ^ rd reich . 
  why not letting him read this ? 
  it 's pretty self-explanatory . 
  and he 'll know what to look for , it 's possible that he 'd want to make some things clear but that 's it . 
  i had a feeling girlfriend too . 
  and i loved her , she complimented me . 
  what i disliked about her were her expectancies and the fact that she wanted me to `` read her mind '' . 
  do n't put him in situations where you expect him to act based on him guessing what you want according to your inconsistent feelings . 
  by the way it sounds you have a serious problem involving your brain chemistry if you 're having such emotions , i partially agree with cryochrome , get checked by a professional . 
  please , do not self-medicate . 
  perhaps you 're familiar with albuquerque 's balloon fiesta . 
  they say is the largest ballooning annual event in the world . 
  the one i 'm talking about is the mexican balloon festival that takes place in le\u00f3n , guanajuato . 
  this year 's edition is actually taking place in less than two weeks from now . 
  that 's no valid reason to suspend a child from school unless he engaged in an activity that really warrants it . 
  dressing like hitler does n't unless you live in germany , where i think it 's a federal offense . 
  the following message is not directed towards you u/wakawaka86 , but you can become a recipient for it if it suits you . 
  get over it already , it 's been 70 years . 
  yes , it was inhumane . 
  yes , we have much to learn about it . 
  yes , we should honor the victims and the soldiers who passed away in the line of duty for freedom . 
  but dressing in a way that matches hitler or using a swastika or any drawing that resembles it does n't make you violent . 
  physical violence of any sorts does . 
  hate speech does . 
  coercion does . 
  hitler was violent , the 8 year old who dressed like him for fun because it 's a social convention to dress unusually on the evening of october 30 ^ th is n't . 
  might be of `` poor taste '' according to your perception . 
  still does n't justify him getting suspended . 
  without me , my cat is nothing . 
  argh ... 
  i can almost feel it 's claws gripping me . 
  [ ver\u00f3nica ] ( http://imgur.com/899qvyr ) has also got a light grip , but she seldom climbs onto my shoulders . 
  but i remember about a neighbor 's cat who damn ... the slightest inclination and you could feel its claws clinging to love . 
  or safety . 
  ballooning is a pleasant experience . 
  it lets you appreciate the beauty of the landscape below you , which is hard to picture by yourself unless you have quite a developed spatial intelligence and imagination . 
  it 's also very safe , you know the basket wo n't tip and if you 're very scared of heights you do n't have to go too high , just to the point where it feels comfortable . 
  the skies are peaceful too , mostly because they need to be . 
  ( you wo n't be ballooning next to an airport ) and even if the wind blows hard , you do n't feel the speed . 
  since your basket is the reference point , it 's more like the landscape is moving instead of you . 
  the landings are also soft . 
  some pilots have told me about whacky landings but they 're rare . 
  the most dangerous part involves inflating the balloon . 
  i hope you get to albuquerque someday . 
  meanwhile , enjoy * les montgolfiers . 
  study . 
  i 'm currently studying russian because ... soviet union . 
  i 'm motivated to do this because even taking into account everything awful they did , it was an `` empire '' that amazes me . 
  plus , it 's a language that is alive and useful ( as opposed to people trying to learn an elvish language , even though it 's totally valid to do it , it 's just not functional at all ) and presents a number of challenges like to use an alphabet that is quite different to the latin one , plus some symbols for letters that convey a sound in the latin script convey another in the cyrillic script . 
  e.g : the cyrillic symbol `` p '' corresponds to latin sound `` r '', 
  do n't even get me started on declensions ... 
  tl ; dr : learn a new language that draws your attention , it is a way to spend time and acquire a useful ability . 
  alternatively learn whatever subject that draws your attention, 
  it depends on the occasion and the people i 'm gon na hang out with . 
  i recall that when i was a child we used to have this large gatherings with a family that are close friends to my dad 's family . 
  they 're very nice people but the connection with them relies the most on my dad . 
  ( and my mom who befriended them easily , because she is very extroverted ) so those gatherings occurred on a very large house that belonged to them , and that house had a very large `` garden '' ( a large front yard , that connected with a small backyard trough a 4 meter wide grass corridor , the perimeter of the house was fenced with a stone wall covered with a bindweed ) and had a small `` house '' on the front yard and a large tree next to it , ( the house an the tree were next to a corner , but there was some space between the corner and the house so there was plenty of room to `` hide '' ), 
  i 'm very peripatetic , and that amplifies when i 'm alone and in contact with nature ( surrounded by living beings other than animals of any type ) so those social gatherings provided a perfect time for me to walk feeling the cold air in my face while thinking about stuff that ranged from science to super mario to chess to wondering about space , you should know better . 
  my parents would feel safe because i was like 8 and i have always proved myself to be trustworthy , so they were n't anxious about me , plus there was the fence .
