  take good care of it . 
  not quite . 
  i have female friends who are in obesity ii range and they still get to be picky . 
  they never lack sex requests . 
  serious relationships , though ... 
   it helps if you 're an underwear model, 
  you misspelt `` you need to be '', 
  let me guess , xavier for intp ? 
  totally , they ca n't hide it . 
  even if they take a picture of their faces only , you can tell they 're pretty obese from looking at their cheeks . 
  one of them even warns the guys about being xl before meeting them . 
  she says she does n't run out of guys because many of them have a fetish towards fat girls . 
  the desperation is real . 
  hell , it 's happened to me too ; not with very obese girls , but with a woman over her 40 's and other two girls who were quite honestly ugly . 
  please have some class and do n't call them `` land whales '' . 
  you do n't have to gloss it either ; `` obese '' is perfectly fine . 
  tinder is one of those technologies that make me question my stance on technology itself : it 's superior , yet still i refuse to use and keep trying to date girls the `` traditional '' way . 
  i 's say it 's superior because only the people wo are interested in sex/relationships will long on there , and only the ones who are interested in you will yield a match ; there 's no way to know this in real life ( well , maybe yes if you 're good at reading people , which is definitely not my case ) . 
  thank you for being civilized . 
  you 're getting the d. 
  really ? 
  it seems to me like the entire campaign was run on entertainment, 
  or one of those home invading thessaloniggers . 
  - added commentary by saint nugent . 
  both of their attitudes are self-righteous . 
  but the dude in red has a point : it 's youtube and he can upload anything he wants , even if it is in the worst taste possible . 
  no , it _ is _ sas , as there are a quite handful of examples from the bingo card ; but all of this started because the person in blue said he could n't put an american flag behind churchill , to which the person in red replied he could because he pleased to do so , which is true . 
  just pointing that out . 
  you forgot the posh and the communism but yeah . 
  idris elba is so good at ` merican , he played a delta soldier in call of duty : mw3 ( truck ) . 
  wait , if texas is the america of america and league city is the texas of texas ... 
  navy, 
  army, 
  air force, 
  long ago , the \u2676 branches lived together in \u262e , then everything changed when the marines attacked . 
  only the avatar , master of all \u2676 branches could them , but when needed him most , he vanished \u26da . 
  i 'm glad you liked it !, 
  [ i actually did the whole intro ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/shittymbti/comments/6op9e4/type_me/ ) but cut it here because i could n't think of a notable air force pilot . 
  ( chris kyle came to my mind , but he was navy ) . 
  well , to be fair the us would have been unstoppable if they nuked everything that moved at the time when they were * the only * players with nukes . 
  the soviets developed the nukes afterwards and people went mad from then on . 
  which makes me think if nukes were the best think that could ever happen to peace : everybody is too afraid of being nuked , so powerful nations do n't invade each other . 
  but the small economies without nukes are the ones that are vulnerable to keep being invaded at the g8 's leisure until they do something about it . 
  i hope i 'm just spewing bullshit because if not , what a sad species we are . 
  well , in merica they * do * kick down doors ... 
   the world 's shelter to those who have been harmed, 
  how many refugees is the us taking in , again ? 
  it 's america . 
  to quote gen. shepherd from mw2 :, 
   because what happens over here [ spoken from afghanistan ] matters over there , we do n't get to sit one out . 
  i just read about impeachment on wikipedia an it says that the only sucessful impeachments in us history have been those of clinton and johnson , and both were acquitted by the senate . 
  do you think they could pull off a nixon and make him resign ? 
  although the republicans may hate him , there 's a lot of political capital in trump : he drew all the attention they slowly built during bush jr. 's and obama 's tenures ( conspiracy theories and everything that the fringe right believes ) while no other carreer politican was able to do it . 
  he is fighting tooth and nail to fulfill all of his campaign promises and the electorate likes that . 
  and if he does n't quite pull it off i think they know that at least he 's trying . 
  is n't it the government 's duty ... you know ... to protect and promote public health ? 
  i 'm surprised mexico is n't on that list . 
  ( yay ? ), 
  - hey jim , so , where do you live ? 
  - atop mt. 
  a 500 ft tall monster should have had a booty much larger than rosa ever had . 
  otherwise , damn girl . 
  some transgenders make it crystal clear which gender they want to become so they transform into fully fledged ( extremely attractive in some cases ) individuals of the opposite gender they were born in . 
  it would be a little bit difficult for a buff dude to explain why he 's entering a girl 's restroom ... 
  it would be like : yeah , i was n't always like this [ proceeds to show his handy copy of birth certificate ] . 
  * bend the knee for other cultures . 
  * they will kick our doors forcing our children to vaccinate . 
  * the government 's going to put a pistol on our heads to bake a cake for a gay couple against our religion . 
  was n't this the entire point of gun ownership ? 
  why not simply letting all of these catastrophes happen ? 
  i mean , you have your security device right at your side . 
  and in your drawer . 
  and at the shelf . 
  and under the pillow . 
  unless , of course , you are * a coward that is not willing to die for freedom * . 
  maybe if you let them happen , you 'd see that were not nearly as dramatic as they would seem . 
  german makes weapons sound super cool , to be honest . 
   i am an intj, 
  [ shows enfj flair ], 
  also sexually attractive . 
  esfp 's are the true sex gods , as we know it . 
  trumpcare is coming . 
  classic one , i do n't know why jack sparrow did n't show up . 
  maybe he 's partying with ludacris . 
  i 've never seen that movie . 
  but they say it 's epic . 
  shoud i watch it for entertainment , while being aware it 's not a documentary ? 
  idealists, 
  guardians, 
  rationals, 
  explorers, 
  long ago , the \u2676 archetypes lived together in \u262e , then everything changed when the rational nation attacked . 
  only the avatar , master of all \u2676 archetypes could them , but when the needed him most , he vanished \u26da . 
  a years passed and u/not _ a_gun and i discovered the avatar , an bender named u/urallsilly , and although his bending skillz are great \u2714 , he has a lot to learn \u2676 he 's ready to save anyone . 
  but i believe silly can save the, 
  when i first saw that avatar 's world was drifting from that ancient chinese setting , i thought `` please , please , please don `` t be bad '' . 
  but luckily it was n't . 
  there are lots cool stuff like the extra powers . 
  or bending used differently like the people at the power plant using electric fire bending for power or mako 's fire box . 
  also the metal clan and the police , come on .
