  so that should be sufficient proof that most of what your mind tells you is n't true . 
  for me , we 're only constrained by one major thing : the laws of physics . 
  the other two constraints are convenience and values . 
  can i walk naked on the street ? 
  yes . 
  would that be convenient ? 
  no , police would catch me for breaking the law and i would be sued , fined or imprisoned ; none of which is convenient for me . 
  can i eat a delicious chocolate cake or throw garbage on the street ? 
  yes . 
  but eating that delicious chocolate cake would be opposite to my goal of eliminating body fat to my target , so i refrain to do so . 
  as for littering i consider it an anti-hygienic practice , bordering antisocial so i would n't do it because it would be betraying what 's important to me , so i refrain to do so . 
  mbti is a tool , we should use it to our advantage , not so sabotage ourselves . 
  never say : i * ca n't * do x because it 's not intp ; refrain to do it because you value your values more than what 's at stake if you betray yourself . 
  mbti is ought to be an empowering tool , not a limiting one . 
  estps are dubbed by the 16 personalities test webpage as `` the entrepreneurs '' even though there are intp entrepreneurs , architects , diplomats , entertainers , presidents , soldiers and artists amongst many others . 
  now , the golden question is : do you want to climb that ladder ? 
  how important that project is to you ? 
  would you be willing to dedicate a good chunk of your life to climb it ? 
  would you like to climb the ladder on that particular corporation , or would you choose another ? 
  would you be willing to betray a central value in your life to comply with that goal ? 
  many questions indeed ... 
  one thing i 've learned recently is that life is unforgiving to the indecisive more than it 's unforgiving to the unrighteous ; so do everything without hesitation . 
  sounds j , does n't it ? 
  it does n't have to be : prospecting means you prefer open options , so if your plan does n't turn out to be the way you first envisioned it , you have many resources to pull it off in different ways ; you 're not limited to one or two . 
  in my conception judgers tend to become stressed if their plans does n't come out in the exact way they first envisioned it ( not a hard and fast rule but that 's why i understand by the definition provided by books ) . 
  use your intp perks to succed at life !, 
  i think [ the guy who asked for a million dollars for no discernible reason ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46wqp1r_f0i ) did get his $ 1x10 ^ 6 dollars from one of the rich people he mentioned . 
  i picture becoming rich like becoming skilled at fighting : the are many ( if not infinite ) ways to achieve this ; you just have to find the one that 's right for you . 
  i love his swimming technique !, 
  u/dclx , u/pedantic _ me : holy shit !, 
  well , that 's what american media has fed me with , i was in a big mistake , apparently . 
  i 'm glad these people do strive to get human contact , other than media would make us believe . 
  thanks for illustrating !, 
  my opinion matches yours . 
  one word of warning : because of what you state is true , you might perceive what you 're doing is wrong if you do n't experience immediate/measurable success . 
  do n't get discouraged by it . 
  be aware of [ learned helplessness ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/learned_helplessness ) and avoid it like plague . 
  [ \u266b keep on trying , and then try some more !, 
  \u266b ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fosdy1zsxus#t=1m0s ) ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ( yay !, 
  got ta bed them all , ash ! ), 
  you have a noble view , nevertheless women in general tend to have an antiquated but powerful instinct to start relationships/sex with a man who is carefree , decisive and does n't care about the negative thoughts they have ( careful , here : i 'm not talking about disrespect , just about not fearing rejection from them ) . 
  it 's okay to fear women and confrontations in general : it means you have a naturally strong self-preserving instinct -- good for keeping alive ! -- yet still , fear could stall your life to miserable levels or simply get you killed in more extreme instances ( one of the greatest risks being yourself -- suicide -- ) . 
  people think happy people will make them happy , depressed people will make them depressed and anxious people will make them anxious . 
  if you project a very strong image of anxiousness , people -- not just girls -- will be repelled by you * for the negative image you they perceive , not your essence * . 
  now , the catch is that human mind has evolved to notice this things really quickly , so your best bet is to become a happy , carefree , humorous person . 
  if sex is what you want , reducing your body fat to athletic levels ( below 13 % according to the us navy ) is a must , and most likely the most visceral girls will even dare to come at you to get some ( still , you have to do something about your attitude ), 
  approached around 100 girls ?!, 
  man/woman ... you 've got some guts !, 
  there are people who will probably never do that because of fear . 
  you 've accomplished something great , now : do you feel bad by getting rejected ? 
  at this point you should be impervious to the feeling . 
  keep at it if it 's important to you !, 
  never surrender . 
  you 'll find your girl . 
  typical seddit advice : read mark manson 's models . 
  are, 
  dogs . 
  there 's * the other * psychological dog experiment : the one [ of pavlov 's conditioning ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/classical_conditioning ) . 
  if my animal instincts are sabotaging me , why not turn them around and make them work for me ? 
  i have some goals in my life and i 'm working to achieve them , e.g : every time i finish a 30 minute study session i gratify myself for under 5 minutes -- usually listening to a song or watching porn -- thus making my brain expect a reward for developing habits that will make me successful . 
  i 've just started so i ca n't say it definitely works but theory says it should . 
  so lets get down on it !, 
  vegas fantasy : get real got at poker and and go to the mgm grand for the [ vegas hot 100 contest ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqklugqkoca ) . 
  win enough money to pay for the stay at the hotel , cover the round trip 's cost and spare some over there . 
  topple with hooking up with one of the contestants . 
  i just posted [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/intp/comments/40oiqw/existential_post_reality_is_about_perception/cyw31kc?context=3 ) on another thread , it might be useful to you . 
  i was a hardcore procrastinator . 
  liza shifley ( better known as shifley liz ) . 
  those are perceptions skewed by cultural traits . 
  stereotypically , japanese may appreciate intps a whole lot more than perhaps americans would ( notice this is also a skewed personal perception bur if it matches mine , keep reading ) . 
  esfj 's two main cognitive functions are fe and si , which could make up for `` feminine '' traits such as pleasing others and keep their houses neat , organized and pretty , also keeping traditions and throwing parties . 
  entj 's two major functions are te ( like estj 's ) and ni , which enables them to acquire data from the outer world ( te ) and interpret it to further their goals ( traditionally perceived manliness ) while accurately reading situations ( ni ) . 
  nevertheless , you can have an overbearing , manly esfj man or woman ( my dad is one of them ) and a submissive entj woman or man ; their type describes the preferred way of acquiring and interpreting data from the outer world , not their actual attitudes towards life . 
  then you might as well be 3/4 as beautiful as helen of troy herself !, 
  care to visually confirm ? 
  ( aka send a picture ), 
  the hot -- crazy matrix is awesome . 
  that guy nailed it . 
  woah , those colors !, 
  ( you have a unique style , kind of reminds me of kate winslet in eternal sunshine of the spotless mind ), 
  i do n't like to rate people numerically , sorry . 
  yet still i consider you beautiful and attractive . 
  eye makeup suits very well so perhaps you should use it more often than not . 
  hoth was not a victory , it was a loss . 
  we could have decimated the rebellion on that cold inferno , and we did n't because of ozzel 's recklessness . 
  my take with it is to develop humor as a firewall : if somebody willingly or unwillingly insults you , make that insult go through the firewall of humor to disable it . 
  recognize the brain is a powerful but not magical tool ; different wavelengths account for different activities : so if you 're at a math test you want your mind sharp ( the highest frequency ) but when you 're flirting you want a much lower frequency that unhinders you to relax , enjoy the interaction and let your animal instincts slowly take over ( if initiating or receiving physical contact is hard for you ) . 
  also `` bestow less worth '' on people . 
  the more we connect with people , the more important we feel they and are and the more we 'd avoid hurting them ( most of the time ) . 
  grant less importance to people 's feelings in general but especially to your perception of what their feelings about you are . 
  i think it worked because it was * consistent * . 
  this . 
  a lot of this . 
  applied the 16 personalities test to all family members . 
  * mom : esfp . 
  * dad : esfj . 
  i used to feel that sex was an integral part of relationships : sex leads to relationships and relationships lead to sex naturally . 
  it appears to be definitely dissociative : sex without love and love without sex . 
  yes , sex is an important part of my relationships . 
  if a girl does n't show enough desire for me , i 'd try to communicate and try to fix the issue for both of us but ultimately i 'd break up with her -- with hardship -- if she does n't keep up with me sexually .
