  creativity is harder when you focus . 
  it 's easier to let your mind wander off and then get an exciting idea . 
  are you a veteran writer ? 
  i think it 's easier to do anything when you have experience doing stuff tuan if you just do n't . 
  why the fuck is the wall needed , then ?!? 
  thanks for the context !, 
  i think the negativity on this sub about that movie stems from portraying chris kyle as a hero while he was a certified asshole in real life . 
  but yes , i agree with you : it does n't portray war in a gloruious light , yet that is n't crude enough to make people stop seeing him as an honorable patriot and going to fight on the middle east as some necessary duty to prevent their homesteads in kentucky to be overrun by muslim invaders . 
  but al least they 're consistent in their goal to abuse freedom of speech to piss everyone off equally . 
  you got ta give them points for that ... 
  my rational mind agrees wity your statement . 
  my emotional mind just pictures cops launching actual granades from the n00b tube . 
  my stance on islamic garments for females is :, 
  chador \u2714, 
  niqab \u274e ( makes up for sexy gaze though ), 
  the argument being security reasons . 
  it would be hard to identify a criminal woman with a niqab or a burka . 
  also there 's no way a woman can safely drive with that on ; hijabs and chadors on the other hand allow for full visual range while letting the face be identified . 
  which is the reason why i hated hollande for banning the burkini . 
  it showed the fucking face and there were n't any security reasons to ban it . 
  it sent the message `` we do n't want the likes of you '' pretty clearly . 
  did you marry him ?? 
  lmao . 
  why do they point countries they do n't know to cameroon ? 
  it 's quite a coincidence they pointed to it on two occasions . 
  i 've gotten a bad habit of not checking sources as of late . 
  french pm manuel valls suggested the burkinis were `` incompatible with the principles of the republic '' and supported some major 's decision to ban burkinis . 
  then hollande came in and * revoked * any chance of a national burkini ban as long as he were president . 
  do they play the anthem more than once * per game * ? 
  or claim your drug filled garden troll from partying teenagers . 
  it gets better : the state surrounding mexico city is called state of mexico . 
  some people simply call it `` mexico '' which is also how you find it on drop-down menus on official webpages . 
  disney 's hercules ? 
  the contest was a great idea but that banner really capures the lack of self awareness of the most fanatical trump supporters . 
  the plan ( trademark ) ? 
  i thought it was all a part of the kingdom of god ( trademark ) , which states that the earth does n't matter , because when the day of rapture ( trademark ) comes in a short time ( trademark ) , the just ( trademark ) will inherit his kingdom ( trademark ) and everything will be perfect ( trademark ) . 
  and you will have like , infinite pure water and shit . 
  the plan ( trademark ) ? 
  i thought it was all a part of the kingdom of god ( trademark ) , which states that the earth does n't matter , because when the day of rapture ( trademark ) comes in a short time ( trademark ) , the just ( trademark ) will inherit his kingdom ( trademark ) and everything will be perfect ( trademark ) . 
  and you will have like , infinite pure water and shit . 
  i get the puctuation thing , but the spelling looks correct to me ... 
  true !, 
  thanks for the correction . 
  wish this was about cutie marks and not the survival of the human species , though . 
  the one of the missions of those agencies is to provide scientific information about the atmosphere/ocean/space . 
  but i grant you that its on their political interests to reduce climate change to prevent skin cancer , drought , floodings and generally speaking to preserve the human race . 
  binary as the us appears to be and assuming the agencies and departments are politicized , it 's a little strange that the department of defense [ has also issued a warning , classifying climate change as a threat to us security ] ( https://www.defense.gov/news/article/article/612710/ ) . 
  one would think they 'd land on camp raegan any day . 
   even then , the data is virtually irrelevant since it 's just a tiny fraction of the earth 's history . 
  not so much when it endangers our survival and it 's caused by us to begin with . 
  sounds like substracting importance from it , to be fair . 
  somebody please play him the lilo and stitch song , or at least show him some hawaii 5-0 . 
  i was thinking about obama 's birth certificate but i do n't know if that would be a good idea . 
  dictionaries jumped to kellyanne conway 's throat on the `` fake news affair '', 
  you really ca n't . 
  the problem with these kinds of emotional issues is that people entrench really fast on them and find lots of excuses . 
  but hey , wan na shill for self-driving cars before they 're mass produced and reliable enough ? 
   that 's an emotional response . 
  the role of emotions is important . 
  we need them to live , or so goleman says on `` emotional intelligence : why it can matter more than iq '' , a fully cited book that could make up for a good read if you took my recommendation . 
   the data is what it is . 
  which is why it is * also * important . 
  climate scientists agree that climate change as it is happening lately is due to human activity . 
  i 'd like to see that . 
   yet the ipcc in their first assesments completely excluded anything about outside factors affecting temperature . 
  there was only temperature affected by humans . 
  maybe because that 's their entire scope ? 
  from wikipedia : the ultimate objective of the unfccc is to `` stabilize greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere at a level that would prevent dangerous anthropogenic [ i.e. , human-induced ] interference with the climate system '' . 
  left the number in case the citation were needed . 
  thanks , now i 'll have synthesizer music playing on my head for the rest of the day . 
  which was intelligent , but thinking cersei would budge over a signed paper , not so much . 
  they do n't care about japan . 
  i think that with their current techonlogy the could vaporize tokio if they felt like it . 
  they 're going for the us . 
  and once they 're able to reach the furthest points in the mainland , i do n't think they 'll do it unprovoked . 
  not kim jong un at least . 
  i believe he just wants it to more definitely persuade the us from getting war-hawkey over them , but that 's happened from a long time ago , since seoul is very close to them . 
  intelligent question !, 
   que retiemble la tierra, 
  but a welcome one . 
  why has n't he creamed seoul , then ? 
  or tokio ... or any other importan asian city within their reach ? 
  true but , do n't they need to fire over japan to see if it reaches the us mainland ? 
  there is a place in the world ... where * blind people can shoot * . 
  i do n't know if i should laugh or be sad about it . 
  but hey , texas looks like the nra 's cultural hq so definitely a victory of some sort . 
  yet ... 
  `` chech your patriotism ameritwat '' ... my mind immediately linked that to `` check your privilege , shitlord ! '' . 
  thank you for hanging around respectfully . 
  as of late , we 've had problems with brigading and some seriously self-righteous people . 
  this is a drama sub and though that behavior is expected , i 'd like to apologize to you . 
  we can be nice ... at times . 
  came to say this . 
  also , they do n't agree if japan is `` alpha '' or not ... 
  hmmm ... 
  i understand all of the accessibility issues , and i 'm glad that the british community is inclusive . 
  but , how in the world do they aim ? 
  three years . 
  the first one is almost over . 
  during the obama administration ?
