  my aunt condollentia is always yelling at him for being so stubborn and clumsy all the time , and also for going out with his friends : `` chekey '' dick and collins power ; known all around the town for being tricksters . 
  well , i used the word `` developed '' in the sense that your natural preferences balance that way and thus you make abundant use of both functions , even though both of them are not normally included on either types ' functional stack . 
  i think you can somehow put some effort into improving a function you lack , though . 
  but of course that 's very tedious and your mind will * beg * you ( or perhaps more like forcefully drag you ) to return to your comfy place . 
  so either literal saint or batshit insane ? 
  sounds like an interesting wildcard . 
  if you do n't know what is that you want , then you have n't lived enough . 
  why not exposing yourself to as many different experiences as possible ? 
  anything could be * that * defining motivator in your life : like maybe you were camping once and you heard a desperate dog barking and save him from certain death , so now you 'd like to be a veterinarian or join a rescue squad . 
  or maybe you saw an epic movie and you 're very inspired to follow the protagonist 's footsteps . 
  i have a friend who started educating himself in music due to him randomly playing videos on youtube and finding a documentary on bass players . 
  now he plays in a band . 
  there will be something that will give you the impulse , and do n't worry , we 've all felt that paralysis you 're suffering from . 
  you 'll get out eventually . 
  if available within your community , look if you can join workshops or summer camps of different professions like the police , or firemen . 
  expose yourself to different genres of media and figure lut what draws your attention more . 
  i just joined a gym and i feel great . 
  why not giving it a try ? 
  or maybe go to your local sports center and enroll in a basic course of any sport like football or baseball or whatever that draws you attention ( or if you 're really indecisive , make a list of everything and get it in an item randomizer ) , maybe you can join a sports team afterwards if you like it . 
  if not , then you did n't waste any time because you spent it on self-growth . 
  if you have a relative who works an interesting job , maybe you can tell him/her to let you around . 
  learning abilities can come in handy for some career prospects ; manufacturing and welding gives you an upper hand in mechanical engineering , programming in computer science and so on . 
  have n't you ever felt curiousity for going abroad ? 
  the world is large and people are diverse . 
  you can learn a foreign language and expand your horizons . 
  there are exchange programs in universities , just go out there and look for the info . 
  become * engaged * in activities, 
  there are no hurries . 
  you are very young . 
  in fact , you 're still so young you have n't figured out what you like . 
  and when you do n't know which path you want to take ... any path is just as good as the others . 
  there are several types of christians , and some of them are pretty hardcore . 
  i meant we need more of those `` live and let live '' types that do n't feel the raging need to impose their morality or way of life onto others . 
  i do n't think it would be much different , to be fair . 
  also , this data is valid for the usa , not the entire world . 
  now , i 'm being stereotypical but , is n't japan an nt or plain ( n ) society ? 
  us intuitives are so `` rare '' in general because the sentinels are very abundant due to istjs and xsfjs bieng over 10 % each ; explorers are not that common . 
  meanwhile , njs are what make us so `` rare '' as each type is under 3 % . 
  we intps are the third most common intuitive type after xnfps and i remember about reading that if we get broken down in genders , we account to 3 % because intp women are extremely rare ( under 1 % ) . 
  actually intp males account for 5 % of the male population ( assuming that everything i 've read is truthful ) . 
  my mom is esfp an i like conversing with her a lot . 
  probably has little to do with mbti and a lot with her being my mom , though ... 
  maturity has little to do with typing . 
  there are crazy intp conspiracy theorists who staunchly believe in things out of touch with reality and there are feeler phds . 
  there are some colorful individuals in this forum lmao . 
  wow ... 
  wait , if tony stark is your husband then ... 
  is it you , miss potts ? 
  you reek of love for your husband ... makes me feel jealous , as functional couples are hard to find nowadays ( at least in my immediate environment ) ; let alone couples in love . 
  sounds like an ideal family . 
  though , that 's not taking into account what happened in those `` hard years '' that probably are the meat of you relationship . 
  just a full day of rest after the baby was due ? 
  i know next to nothing about pregnancy but , was n't that dangerous ? 
  the prospect of living such a fast-paced life is scary to me , i must confess . 
  yeah . . it was like :, 
  * fight night !, 
  awesome !, 
  ( i do n't even like ufc irl ), 
  * what are these guys doing in here ? 
  * water guns ? 
  ok , maybe it 's some new mode or something ... 
  * [ upon shooting french fries with ketchup ] lmao gtfo, 
  i read your post earlier and i had this thought :, 
  on my facebook feed i found an image shared by a friend of mine that said `` stop the slaughter , ban the killing of homeless dogs '' . 
  while i know it to be a campaign with noble intentions i do n't think it will succeed because the root of the problem are not dogs themselves , but irresponsible owners . 
  so in the end i ( lightly as i honestly did n't conduct any research on it ) concluded that the campaign was pointless , which was probably my ti doing the talking . 
  nevertheless , when i 'm sorting my problems out with people i care , i want them to understand my feelings , so i explain them . 
  i thought that maybe i am an infp with high ti , but my relatively high use of te ( according to a functions test ) makes it unlikely . 
  also , mi fi is on shambles according to the aforementioned test . 
  for the sake of mental experimentation , lets asume the test is reliable . 
  how do you tell from fi doing its natural work and ti exploring the particular subject of personal feelings ? 
  that last paragrapgh sounds like what i do when exploring voters ' motivations . 
  however , when i explain my feelings i want the other person to understand them , not so much for them to `` connect with them '' ( though it 's desirable if they did ) , so our relationship can run more smoothly . 
  also , i have thought about moral dilemmas a lot , like abortion for instance , but i came to a conclusion based on what i knew and what i think is better for society , not what is moral or ethical . 
  actually , i like to break apart the common arguments against abortion on the basis of morality , because they usually do n't make much ( if any ) sense to me . 
  fi usage or ti usage in sheep 's clothing ? 
  it 's a valuable tool to be able to discriminate ti from fi in arguments or decisions . 
  i have seen lots of posts here calling out fi for its analytical value within the narrow subject ( sorry ) of ethics . 
  i brought this up because i use ti to make up for functions i lack , e.g : i suck at cognitive empathy , so i have read lots of books about it and can recognize patterns in body language and mood-related stuff from the books ' catalogues . 
  however , when trying to provoke a determinate feeling on my audience i give off a r/totallynotrobots vibe that does n't make up for lack of fe . 
  point is , fe does n't need explanations ; it 's just connection . 
  there should be a marked difference between ti doing a bad job at emulating fi and fi itself . 
  which does make me think that fi is all about the feeeeeeels !!, 
  ti is the most obvious introverted function . 
  fi and ni are super elusive and si is just discarded as `` mindlessly sticks to tradition '' . 
  what was up with terri ? 
  somebody linked me to the family guy musical about her , but i was disappointed to see that it was n't as good as the american dad song explaining iran-contra . 
  i luckily do n't have that pressing need as you do . 
  why do you feel the need to do so ? 
  if it 's really , really , * really * difficult to keep it to yourself why not sending the person a pm or visiting r/rant ? 
  you wo n't change that person 's mindset , nor you will make a difference or `` prove your stand '' ... 
  poor farid was 8 years old ... 
  any treat you 'd like to highlight ? 
  the name `` shitamericanssay '' is extremely confrontative . 
  of course you 're gon na attract some radicals over here with calling the sub that way . 
  also , i got downvoted for saying i have had mostly great experiences in real life with american people . 
  thanks !, 
  some people argued ( maybe they still do ? ), 
  that violent content in media should be censored because it makes people violent . 
  and to be fair , that 's a pretty intuitive notion , wrong as it may be .
