  sometimes is just a matter of picking a better route to get going . 
  my stalling points on cod4 ( veteran ) :, 
  * this is deadly , refueled and fully loaded , you guys missed me ? 
  * the helicopter is making another pass !, 
  find some overhead cover !, 
  * all right lad , i 've planted the beacon ; good luck . 
  you 're gon na have a lot of fun with this one :, 
  * they 've started a bloody countdown !, 
  zhakahev will launch the remaining missiles , keep moving !, 
  there 's the kaliningrad oblast as well . 
  oh , i tried to keep up with pe\u00f1a nieto 's shenanigans , and i can tell you it 's an emotionally tiring job . 
  great idea , nonetheless !, 
  i hope the best for your sister . 
  semi-serious , naive question : do you think cmw will climb back and his plan to take on reddit via his `` alt-rightsphere '' will actually become a reality ? 
  or mexico . 
  hey ... ... ... ... 
  wait a sec . 
  california and new mexico voted for clinton . 
  maybe they would want to ... return to papi 's embrace ? 
  president trump will control the house , the senate and gets to appoint a supreme court justice right off the bat . 
  i really do n't think he 'll nuke mecca because republican representatives/senators may be ultra-orthodox but they 're not stupid enough to let him do that . 
  however , he 'll most likely overturn the affordable care act on which many people 's lives depend on , probably roe v. wade and gay marriage ( and also allowing denial of service on the grounds of `` religious liberty '' as his vp is pence , after all ) and god knows what kind of carte-blanche the nra will get ; at least nobody will ever mention gun control for at least another four years . 
  this is what comes to my mind just on the social aspect . 
  * how will president trump handle a major terrorist attack on europe ( let alone the us ) ? 
  * how will he manage a major natural crisis ? 
  * will `` the art of the deal '' be his doctrine to bail the us out if another housing bubble-like economic crises in case it hits due to an event that is not obvious as of now ? 
  * how will he react if putin decides to annex another section to russia ? 
  if he and putin become allies , what does this mean to syria and the refugee crises in europe ? 
  * the yen is a relevant currency , like it or not . 
  what will the newly elected president childish attitudes on china mean to us-chinese diplomatic and trade relations ? 
  * does a trump presidency mean the us will push for coal and oil as primary power sources irresponsibly , having negative consequences for the entire world including the us ? 
  donald trump does n't have to be a full-on dictator to have a negative impact on the lives of millions of people , american or otherwise . 
  edit : thanks for the reply below , it looks like a detailed and plausible recap of how conservatives felt ; and to be honest , this crutial and humanizing information was simply intangible while watching colbert . 
  not even g.r.r martin . 
  that 's saying a lot . 
  what if it 's germany * and * france ? 
  have ted cruz read you dr. seuss . 
  make it 2050 . 
  he gets to appoint the supreme court jutice vacant and his party has control of both the house and the senate . 
  yankbot , we 're all so depressed , we do n't even acknowledge your sentience anymore . 
  i 'm not a political scientist but i include myself in the group of people who thought hillary would win comfortably . 
  i concur with secular talk in that the polls really were n't useful in predicting the outcome : pretty much everybody predicted hillary would win . 
  it 's likely that we overlooked the unpredictable social status of voters in michigan , pennsylvania , and wisconsin ; as of now there are just speculations about angry , white , male , uneducated voters on those states who feel screwed over and handed the victory to trump , but it could be just a symptom of a much larger phenomenon that will develop over the course of the decades to come . 
  now , the importance of understanding why it turned out like it did may come to a second plane in comparison to what to do next , and i think posts [ like this one ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/adviceanimals/comments/5bzx4g/as_a_stunned_liberal_voter_right_now/d9sqrxe/ ) , help illustrate how many people felt . 
  perhaps we should be more understanding and civil about the demographic that opposes us , rather than dismissing them as `` deplorables '' . 
  speaking of leftist smugness , i think blaming it on the dnc and hillary will do nothing other than letting people vent . 
  like the guy at secular talk said on another video , their only hope is to filibuster everything they try to pass . 
  also , was bernie that popular ? 
  could bernie really have changed the election ? 
  bernie was popular with millennials who wanted to not be saddled with off-the-roof tuition costs or one injury away from bankruptcy , not with the coal miners and manufacturing workers who think * their * jobs are being exported . 
  the us sent a clear message : they want to flip the establishment * and they want it red * ; if not , it makes sense to me for them to have elected hillary while electing a republican house as a counterbalance . 
  but they elected trump and handed the republicans the house and the senate on a silver ( golden ? ), 
  plate . 
  this person has a legitimate concern , perhaps you should n't discriminate against trump supporters the same the same way the actual `` deplorables '' discriminate against their favorite demographics . 
  that person should n't have to deal with their friends and maybe even family members shunning them for exercising their right to elect whoever they see fit . 
  true , donald has shown alarming signs of being a deplorable himself , but many people who are functional and respectful members of the american society did n't vote for him expecting him to create a caricature far-right conservative paradise/hellhole , but instead had legitimate fears for their -- i dare say economic -- future and are too tired to care about other important consequences . 
  what if we stop being what we despise ? 
  i hope this decision does n't fire back at them . 
  i need to watch that documentary . 
  i usually do n't like mind-reading but something tells me that if it was clinton winning by electoral college victory while trump won the popular vote they would be saying : it 's time to pick up our rifles and provoke an armed protest/uprising . 
  so you 're saying that a person who committed one of those crimes ( one of which depends entirely on the presumed victim 's subjective interpretation of `` being assaulted '' ) should be socially outcasted forever ? 
  they could be talking about the `` career politicians '' rhetoric , though . 
  do n't lump everybody on the deplorable cart . 
  you 're advocating violence of sorts against people for exercising their right to vote a citizen into office . 
  your comment is the poster image for trump supporters ( especially the moderate ones ) when they say they 're being alienated by irrational tumblr types . 
  i 'm currently running a poison monotype and my aces are two crobats , i 'll challenge cynthia when they reach lvl 85 ( sitting at lvl 72 now ) . 
  if the women who were assaulted want to present charges , then he will be tried and impeached ( being pragmatic this sounds unlikely , but let 's idealize ) if found guilty by the competing authorities in a fair trial with compelling evidence . 
  obama ordered drone strikes on hospitals . 
  being likable and -- in my opinion -- a good president will never wash that crime off . 
  he was president . 
  twice . 
  murdering faceless arabs by dropping bombs off of an invisible , state-of-the-art plane is not nearly as dramatic as a damsel in distress , and he 's not getting nearly as much attention for that as the_pussygrabber , is he ? 
  well , i wrote my comment in the tone i did because it 's r/shitamericanssay and also because there 's no factual evidence -- at least from this post -- that the poster is a deplorable himself/herself ( and if there is it 's better to keep it that way on reddit ) , so i 'll just have to believe what you 're saying ; sorry if i sounded smug myself . 
  everybody is shitting their pants right now : the mexican peso devaluated as donald trump was elected , the folks at r/ainbow are giving themselves pats on the back , women at twox doing the same thing and stuff looks generally gloomy . 
  i may be completely wrong , but it seems to me that the moderate trump supporters in the `` important '' states ( ohio , michigan , florida , etc ) felt so screwed up economically that they were willing to give trump and the republicans ( aka the revamped , fully loaded new establishment ) full control while wilfully overlooking how civil rights are being put at stake . 
  what happened at tuesday will have consequences for the entire world for the decades to come , but we wo n't know what those are until they happen . 
  nothing has happened yet . 
  when the time comes , act . 
  i understand your concerns for safety and i 'm definitely not good with emotional support but let me say i empathize with you . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwkskwf23sg#t=19s ), 
  brilliant . 
  i do n't know anything about exploding stuff , but is a single needed to explode that barrel ? 
  a wind pocket would probably have detoured the bullets at that distance , i think . 
  yeah , i watched all of the main comedy liberal pundits on youtube and though they did make sense at first , they kept getting more irrational and propaganda-like as the election came forth . 
  in different proportions , though ... from level of propaganda top to bottom , in my perception :, 
  samantha bee  colbert  bill maher  trevor noah, 
  this pretty much applies to any candidate you do n't like ... 
  usually , i ca n't stand bee 's videos , i simply do n't finish watching them because of how irrational she 's been acting on her show . 
  from some time onwards , the black keyboard player on colbert 's show started acting as a hype man and it 's just irritating : as if we did n't have enough hype from a crowd that worships every single political statement/joke that these guys ( not just colbert ) made . 
  i believe democracy to be the best system of governance so far but i also believe that its source of strength could also become a weakness : everybody can vote , which means that uneducated people get to vote for what they feel is better , which could provoke big setbacks ( see british pound drop after brexit vote ) . 
  but then again , i could be a doctor in resistance of materials and be just as uneducated in economy as an `` uneducated '' average farmer . 
  hell , even experts in their fields screw up badly in terms of policy because there could be a crutian missing piece of information was simply unavailable at the time ( see every model that predicted a clinton victory ) . 
  props to samthegeek for civility . 
  the last thing we need right now is to confirm their stereotypes even further . 
  to be fair i have n't read the news but i think there are already reports of violent behavior at the recent anti-trump protests and if that 's the case , liberals have started the 4 years ( possible 8 years ) of the trump presidency on the wrong foot . 
  the brand of free speech you 're for allows for calls to violent action and hatred , which is precisely what nazism did . 
  in my perspective , the role of freedom of speech is to allow the populace to peacefully demand accountability of public officials and exchange ideas or other displays of expression such as art as long as they 're not hate speech or defamation . 
  i think that you choose to believe in unlimited free speech because you think that if there were restrictions put in place in the name of `` hate speech '' , then it would give authoritarian governments a carte-blanche to ban dissent . 
  am i correct ? 
  i see ...
