  ciclejerky and non-politically correct disagreement , yes ( lots of it ) , but not the straight up phobia that is clearly found on the_donald or european , that is , at least in the sections i analyzed . 
  ** edit : ** since this is -- by definition -- not shitposting , please do n't limit yourselves to smash the blue popcorn , feel free to criticize my critic !, 
  #on mansplaining as an avoidance mechanism, 
  the article 's responses to kia 's criticism are prime examples of the strawman fallacy at work ; take this excerpt of the article into account ( by quoting kia first and the article later ) :, 
   i think it 's telling they had no way of knowing she was a woman , and yet she still took it as misogyny/mansplaining . 
  could it be possible men talk this way to other men ? 
  and your perceptions of men `` talking down to you '' are actually in your head , because you dislike being wrong/corrected , like all humans dislike it ? 
   no , that ca n't be it ... it ca n't be that they magically made up a term for something all humans , men and women experience , as a special defense from a bad feeling for making an error . 
  because that is what mansplaining is , it 's essentially `` we both know i 'm wrong , this feeling sucks -- so it 's easier to say it is misogyny driving you to point out that i 'm wrong , rather than , you know , me being wrong ... '' [ +91 ], 
  to what the article responds :, 
   kia gets upset that new reddit staff tells someone to stop mansplaining , so they then get together to mansplain what mansplaining means . 
  zero . 
  self . 
  awareness . 
  read the original image found on the kia post : adamdaze ( i presume this user was the one to reply to the admin , but i 'm not sure ) perceives the admin is trying to hide something and points it out , and the admin pulls off a completely unrelated argument about `` mansplaining '' that adamdaze ends up managing disrespectfully . 
  kia 's criticism focuses on the fact that she defended herself not by attempting to demonstrate she was n't hiding anything but instead she recurred to what kia perceives is a feminist tactic for dismissing uncomfortable criticism ( call other 's arguments `` mansplaining '' to shut them off ) . 
  this is kind of ironic , since op is incurring in the actual tactic that kia is criticizing in the first place , and as such , it does n't contribute anything to the discussion nor is a proof of any sorts that hate speech is happening at kia . 
  #on victoria 's replacement, 
  kia 's quote :, 
   this is the woman who replaced victoria , wynter mitchell who by all signs seems to be a diversity hire . 
  let us count the ways :, 
   she is so incompetent , a novelty account is formed to translate her answers, 
   she posts in / r/blackladies ( do n't even get me started ) that she was hired to `` build relationships ... with the social justice community, 
   uses sexist terminology like `` mansplaining '' [ +727 , gilded x1 ], 
    my essential feelings on the matter [ +559 , gilded 2x ], 
  the article responds by saying :, 
   straight-up racism . 
  the guy claims she 's a diversity hire and then says her being incompetent is an example of that , implying that all african americans are incompetent . 
  he takes issue with her posting in / r/blackladies ( one of the few subs that has fought against the rampant racism on reddit ) . 
  and the icing on the cake ? 
  someone posting an ableist comic that gets gilded twice . 
  they ultimately celebrate when she quits . 
  that 's not racism . 
  that is hinting she was hired to appease the social justice warrior crowd by having a gender and race that they will embrace since they were ( or are still , in the sjw minds ) oppressed . 
  plus , she used language that fits the sjw ideals [ terms like `` mansplaining '' ] . 
  kia 's op called her `` incompetent '' but the article derails that by saying that `` they implied '' all african-americans are incompetent which is not true . 
  if kia is a hate subreddit , the article really does n't make it clear . 
  actually it backfires because one might actually agree with kia 's stances if they bother to follow the links and read the context in which they are written . 
  the abundance of the writer 's fallacious writing really makes it difficult for a rational person to spend energy trying to dissect the whole thing ; making it difficult to not incur in the fallacy fallacy . 
  i wrote this very late at night , sorry . 
  i meant the people who harassed anita sarkeesian . 
  your case sounds indeed interesting !, 
  mtbi says your type is based on both nurture and nature , and it should be constant throughout your life . 
  the idea of type descriptions is to know how you perceive and how you judge information . 
  perhaps you mistyped , and you 're not quite an esfj . 
  or you are , but you are concerned about developing your tertiary and inferior functions ( a noble and great pursuit ) . 
  i agree with your point , but i do n't support it : while a biased or fallacious statement can be true , it does n't mean it is correct . 
  it means the hunch was lucky . 
  on the other hand , a well-constructed , logical argument with no apparent flaws can be wrong due to lacking an important piece of information . 
  but the fact is logic is a preferred way ( at least to me ) because if we have a sufficient amount of information and a correct methodology we can at least approach the right considerations to reach correct judgement ; if the right conditions are met , logic is always correct . 
  emotional reasoning , on the other hand may lead to the shitstorms , hatred and violence like the ones hsotd stands to denounce , despite the ocasional rainbow . 
  would n't it better if hsotd did n't have purpose for existing in the first place and we peacefully coexisted in a `` nice '' , happy message board ? 
  i feel this person has a legit superiority complex . 
  probably the worst we 've seen because instead of being loud and outspoken , this user tried to veil it in condescendence disguised as `` courtesy '' . 
  what are your thoughts on canada and mexico ? 
  [ 07 ] ( http://i.perezhilton.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/3673790-2595346539-capta.gif ), 
  times change sir . 
  [ to abba getting you laid ] ( http://persephonemagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/lotr-hobbit-toast.gif ) . 
  holy molly !, 
  you need like , engineering to even lift and tilt that glass to drink it . 
  you guys are top-tiered drinkers . 
  i do n't even want to imagine how germans drink ... 
  maybe the mexican wall turns out to be a good strategy , but come on ... walling canada ? 
  besides , [ we all know what she 's going to do if you put a wall in front of her ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=my2frpa3gf8#t=0m49s ) . 
  you americans are so excessptional !, 
  ( sorry for bad english . ), 
  i empathize with quaoarpower . 
  while some of its claims were expressed in a somewhat exaggerated way , and the user could have managed the situation more tactfully by not feeding wigglybuttsniffer , it does make a point . 
  while calling it `` being tormented '' was a bit of a stretch , dogs ' paws are sensitive to extreme temperatures and the dog not wanting to step out because of a bad past experience ; whether it burned it 's paws or crashed into a glass is definitely a valid possibility . 
  if that was the case , it was really mean on behalf of the person offering the bacon to put the dog in such dilemma . 
  having said this -- and judging only by the way quaoarpower wrote its edits -- it 's likely that nobody replied to quaoarpower 's comment , but the downvotes were already overflowing . 
  in this case , can you really blame it for calling the downvoters who did n't care to make an effort to reply `` sheepish '' considering it :, 
  * mentioned a real , possible outcome where the dog is being pranked . 
  * arguably nobody had laid down an explanation and limited themselves to massively downvote a comment that did n't really deserve it . 
  * later on personal attacks done onto quaoarpower ( and were upvoted ) while it actually did n't retaliate to such attacks . 
  also , were people triggered by the usage of the word `` substrate '' ? 
   my crazy girlfriend 's racist family, 
  by the way you ordered those words , it seems you had a crazy girlfriend and she had a racist family . 
  if that was the case ... 
  damn son , where you 'd find her ? 
  yeah ... in another time i got flamed for saying he/she every time i mentioned the user . 
  but i do n't want to assume a gender either or saying `` the user '' so frequently . 
  got any tricks ? 
  well , an in-shallowness research led me to [ read ] ( http://grammar.about.com/od/rs/g/singular-they.htm ) that `` the singular they '' is a grammar structure common amongst native speakers of standard english and it was used by hallmark writers ( appeal to authority though ... ) , so i 'm jumping in . 
  thank you for the tip , i 'm not a native speaker of english ; this piece of advice is very valuable for me . 
  first of all , thank you for writing a thorough reply . 
  your point of view is valuable for me . 
  however , i do disagree with some of your points . 
  although i recognize perhaps you are right and i indeed lack context . 
   i 'm not sure whether the original question really counts as `` mansplaining '' or not , but the quoted part definitely does - adamdaze assumes that he is an expert on what `` mansplaining '' is simply because he is a man , although he probably does n't think that way explicitly . 
  if you mean the paragraph that starts by rhetorically asking `` what the ever loving fuck are you about ? 
  '' , then i ca n't see where the assumption of expertise regarding the term is in . 
  i can only read an angry and rude rant about her being quick to accuse adamdaze for being misogynistic because she could n't take criticism from them . 
  as an end note , adamdaze makes a point when they say there 's not way they could have known the admin 's gender , which is further discussed by kia . 
   similarly , the phrase `` diversity hire '' is a common red flag for racism and sexism . 
  to explain why , let 's take a simple statistical fact : there are about equal numbers of men and women . 
  therefore , unless an organization 's hiring policy is sexist , they should have equal numbers of male and female employees . 
  while i can have the leap of faith and believe in what you 're saying , the clause with which you attempt to support that claim is a bad example as it is a textbook gambler 's fallacy ( thinking that odds will naturally balance to the probability distribution that models that phenomenon ) . 
  there are great many possibilities why men and women would pick different jobs . 
  many people are forced to take a certain type of job because of the way their lives have unraveled , others are simply not interested or certain jobs are `` locked '' for certain genders to play ( why are n't there so many male hairdressers , or maids and female blacksmiths , being the case that all of those professions are relatively low skilled and therefore mostly anyone could perform them ? ) .
