  stereotypically , these guys live awesome lives , but we do n't know how they react with that low ni , though . 
  on the other hand , some feelers report being desperate for not getting their act together and making stupid decisions that most t types do n't even have to go through . 
  by the way , you can have developed shadow functions . 
  seemingly , i make good use of te . 
  perhaps you can try to improve on your se in some way . 
  you reminded me of the song `` home for a rest '' . 
  if you look for it , listen to great big sea 's version . 
  it 's really upbeat . 
  6-6-6 the number of the meme !, 
  weed , and dank is going to be released !, 
  i was wondering the exact same thing . 
  maybe that 's the one thing that op does n't like about his/her husband . 
  this is a really interesting topic ; if i were n't on public internet i 'd love to have a deeper conversation with you on this subject . 
  however , right off the bat i remember 2 books with more info on the topic :, 
  * * emotional intelligence * by daniel goleman . 
  * * mating intelligence unleashed * by scott barry kaufman , glenn geher ( the chapter about the dark triad ) . 
  and there 's another book that deals * specifically * on empathy , but i ca n't remember the name of the author or the title . 
  i 'll pm it to you the next time i 'm online . 
  i do n't know anything about the witcher games except that they were mad by a polish studio but ... they really cast charles dance ? 
  you can count on me for anything that has some tywin on it . 
  home is where the heart is . 
  you can do as you like , but we criticize americans who have * nothing * to do with their ancestor 's home countries claiming that they share the culture of a certain country just because of bloodline . 
  i have thought that equating blood to cultural heritage is a pretty racist ( and pretty american , so far as my sight goes at the time ) thing to do . 
  pe\u00f1a nieto may be incompetent , corrupt and even murderous , but i 'll have to recognize he upped his twitter game . 
  you know ... 
  i do like his art style . 
  it 's just that the themes are incredibly , painfully self-unaware . 
  there 's an interesting book called `` why nations fail '' , and its central thesis is pretty much what you 're saying . 
  apparently , the british wanted to emulate the spaniards , but they could n't due to harsh weather , not bringing a dank army for a start and hostile yet not-so-enslavable tribes that could n't be tricked into eliminating one another . 
  i 'm now interested on more of his roles . 
  i do n't think i 've seen him on anywhere else besides got but judging from his age , he should have a long carreer trailing , he just did n't quite hit the mainstream 'till now . 
  ( have n't researched , excuse me if i 'm talking out of my ass ) . 
   i 'm not being scientific but fuck it , it 's something that we can see in real life . 
  i love how unapollogetic you are about this . 
  i love how everyone plays the human sacrifice card with the aztecs among others . 
  i really have to study more in depth , because even in mexico this is pretty murky unless you dig it up for yourself , but mayans apparently sacrificed * voluntarily * , and it was the highest possible honor to be fodder in order to quench the anger of the gods . 
  in the ball game , the * winning * team was the one being sacrificed , not the losing one . 
  and of course , the spanish brought their really civilized caste system ( which eventually became their downfall ) , their torture church ( that everyone downplays because of monty python ) and the awesome cultural practice of cock and bullfighting . 
  but i guess we have pi\u00f1atas and jesus and some american home appliances , so we should thank the spaniards for bringing civility to our doorstep . 
  yeah i get what you tried to say . 
  it 's just that it irks ne a bit when people call aztecs `` uncivilized '' just because they ripped hearts before sub-zero made it look cool . 
  hmmmm ... 
  i think i did n't convey what i wanted on my last message . 
  i concede you were n't being hostile , you were just pointing out that human sacrifice is brutal ( it is ) and that the spaniards used that to justify their invasions ( which happened ) . 
  i was just trying to vent about how some foreigners treat a very organized civilization and regional power by just looking at the specific issue of human sacrifice , never minding the brutality that is conquest itself , and brutal institutions such as slavery and the spanish inquisition . 
  holy shit , this sounds like super ultra advanced . 
  in which university/lab do you work ? 
  fluid dynamics is not an easy thing ( or at least that was one my carreer `` filters '' ) and hence magnetohydrodynamics should be a doubly complex thing . 
  in my not-so-humble opinion , this is why english needs a language regulator . 
  just sayin ' . 
  this . 
  when i 'm in a relationship ( or even in the flirting stage with somebody who loves me back ) my `` romance alarm '' sets off and i start doing romantic things on impulse , like suggesting her to make a meal together or stuff ... 
  to ask my last girlfriend if she wabted to be my girlfriend , i bought one of those teenager girl magazines and cut out the letters for `` do you wan na be my girlfriend '' from different articles ( like the riddler messages in the batman movie starring val kilmer and jim carrey ) . 
  with the one before that one , we had the exact same transparent empty container and we filled its insides with folded post-its in which we wrote our super romantic thoughts for each other . 
  that 's * precisely * where the spanish model kicks in : the most important authority that puts it all together is the spanish academy , but every country has its own academy to validate regional changes without derailing enough to become a dialect of its own . 
  a language regulator a la spain can allow for freedom * and * prevent horrible mutations in language !, 
  fair point . 
  my dad is an airplane pilot and he told me a story in which he went to venezuela and he literally could n't communicate with the air traffic control officials because of their accent . 
  he switched to english and stuff went smooth from then on . 
  it 's not about changing the way people speak , it 's about keeping a standardized grammar while allowing for changes in a controlled manner . 
  and yes , most people do n't give a fuck about it but i believe that having such institutions makes some people think `` damn , i have to educate myself '' rather than `` i 'm just going to go my way with it '' . 
  languages evolve and there 's no stopping to that , but is n't it nice to let that happen in an orderly way rather than anything goes ? 
  i do n't have a counter-argument for this . 
  it breaks my heart to see them budge to english imports rather than desperately clinging on spanish like enforcing `` disco compacto '' rather than accepting the phonetic `` cederr\u00f3n '' . 
  i think the russians just write stuff the way it sounds into cyrillic , bur the israelis are the ones that really really get a hold of their - recently revived - language . 
  yeah , i guess if i lived in the us i would have liked to know more . 
  even if were a woman . 
  is this just a ukranian thing or does the rest of the ex-soviet union suffer as much as ukraine ? 
  actually that 's a pretty interesting scenario for mexico . 
  i do n't know how people or the government ( whose opinions do n't necesarily coincide ) would react to ww3 . 
  if the us did something that stupid , i think we could kiss our economy goodbye . 
  plus , we 're pretty invested in the us , namely in terms of people apart from goods . 
  but on the other hand , some of us are still pretty butthurt about texas and the rest of the bunch , so i guess some people would like to play the `` payback 's a bitch '' card . 
  ahhhh ... what a bully . 
  you bring the kompot , i 'll get the balalika . 
  i was about to call you out for being rude but then i saw you were cryochrome . 
  keep on ... 
  add metric tons of desperation and hoplessness to the mix and that 's pretty much what happens , but not by its own right . 
  i think that 's a women problem in general , not specifically a female intp problem . 
  mike pence advocating for teaching creationism in american schools under the grounds that `` like the big bang , it 's just a theory '' . 
  i 'm not even american . 
  i do n't know if the russian people legit love putin as much as american media makes it seem , or if they agree with the things he does . 
  i saw alot of \u041a\u0440\u0438\u043c \u043d\u0430\u0448 when he invaded ukraine for crimea , but ... 
  so far i know , crimea was given to ukraine for no reason when the ussr broke apart , and supposedly there were mostly russians living in there so , i guess i ca n't blame them for siding with putin on that one . 
  aggressive and unacceptable on one hand but ... crimea bro ... 
  but the rest of the ex-ussr is not crimea and maybe the common russian folk do n't agree with taking up space that was n't previously theirs , but i do n't know how they think . 
  leave the downvote if you want , it 's reddit . 
  still , i meant that some of us are seriously sex-thirsty and will go pretty far in order to get laid ( and also sometimes with legitimate and honest , yet misguided desires to be in a relationship with the girl ) and trying to approach the woman via a friendship is a typical - but fallible - strategy . 
  i do n't think girls with anxiety have it easier with men ( in terms of honest friendships ) because then entirety of womanhood was taken out of lindsay lohan 's `` mean girls '' , but simply because that person shares the same interests that most guys have , but that 's just a matter of chance . 
  there are probably lots of girls being interested in lumberjacking all over the world , but they think they 're alone because they 're scattered and do n't have much of a way to get in touch with each other in real life . 
  i happen to get along with women better than with men , but it 's probably because i have n't connected with `` my crowd '' not because women have something special that draws me to them that i ca n't find in men . 
  yes , it is annoying . 
  however , if you made a markov chain bot a la r/subredditsimulator ; then congratulations , you made a very coherent bot . 
  making yourself great again ? 
  lmao . 
  as emotional counsel , do n't despair : maths are difficult for everyone except some very gifted people , so know that you 're gon na get through this with dedication . 
  as tactical counsel , think of books as a machine . 
  every piece in a mechanism or machine is there for a reason , and it 's no different in books : there 's the text and definitions to present you the new objects that you 're studying , then there are the examples to let you see that in math language rather than in plain text , then the * easy * exercises to let you gain confidence and have those abstract concepts sink in your head and finally the * hard * exercises that usually involve especial variants of the concept , long procedures or mastery of previous or `` unrelated '' subjects . 
  use the paper technologies at your disposal !, 
  also , i have to tell you that i struggled to read college textbooks at first , particularly math .
