  his wife is just unapologetically showing what she 's got . 
  to top it off , he 's wearing a kilt for some reason . 
  are american tits star-shaped ? 
  this contradicts all of the porn i 've seen . 
  i thought the snow mexicans were those striving native americans from north dakota . 
  do canadians also have this heritage thing rolling too ? 
  or is there a large scottish population ? 
  unconventional as trudeau may be , he must have had a good reason to wear a kilt to not be seen as some kind of mocking on behalf of the scots . 
  you know , the silver lining of the trump presidency is that we 'll probably see the hollywood renaissance of of the raegan era . 
  top gun , rambo , red dawn , diehard , robocop ... just think of the possibilities !, 
  edit : not talking about reboots , but brand new macho franchises . 
  approximately 20 years after going to that country ... 
  well , we 're many steps away from < 1920 's america , are n't we ? 
   this marijuana causes white women to seek sexual relations with negroes . 
  or perhaps it 's their charisma and big dicks that make it happen . 
  quite an illustrative comment . 
  thank you !, 
  looks satirical . 
  i literally have a middle egyptian book thanks to those movies . 
  especially the mummy returns . 
  i think it was more about muh sacrifice . 
  muh patriotism , than it was about blazing muslims . 
  except maybe for that antagonist sniper . 
   new sussexshire . 
  that name makes me picture luscious young country girls yearning for wild sex , but unable to do it due to repressive , violent dads . 
  of course , it 's quite a small town and gossip is so blatant that it seems like the walls could speak , so you 've better watch your every word ( and step ) . 
  #imaginebritain . 
   i drink a lot '' ... lots of people drink . 
  this declaration of thee displays that the denizens of dublin drink * a lot * . 
  do n't thou dare dubbing those drinkers dry , doubting the dramatic distinction they deserve , that downing themselves the dozen drams derives . 
  the drastic daily dosage that dubliners drink , dangerously deprives the denizens that drive during the day of distinctly direct discerning . 
  demonstrably , those that did down that , did the driving . 
  dismally , these drivers disrespectfully derelicted the duty that discipline demands , thus these daft dewellers do deserve the dub `` delightfully drowned dolts '' . 
  when she showed him her beautiful four-leafed clover with 2 major leaves and two minor ones , his leprachaun got hard as a shamrock . 
  talk about getting lucky ... 
  username checks out . 
  unbreakable union of freeborn ~ ~ republics ~ ~ states great russia has welded forever to stand !, 
  what i love about this is how the actual movie ( team america : world police ) pokes fun at this kind of jingoism , and yet the very people it criticises blindly appropriated this song . 
   calling them a clan ? 
  really ? 
  [ naruto intensifies ], 
  or intp who sucks at chess , maths , and real-time strategy games . 
  i gravitate towards intp . 
  i have scrored intp , infp , istp , entp and intj ; so pretty differnt types , but no more than one trait away from the intp , and of course , most of the test i 've taken ( and retaken ) consistently yield intp . 
  i also love star wars , despite being the greatest dump on the laws of physics ( classical or modern ) to ever exist . 
  my mind is very fragile , i must confess . 
  perhaps i could have the mental fortitude to sit through serbian film-like movies , but i think it 's a much more intelligent idea to not scar myself unnecessarily . 
  well , if you live by duke nukem 's ( arguably estp ) standards of masculinity , it seems that you 've got a point . 
  but i do n't think that 's a realistic point of view , nor a healthy one for that matter . 
  as an intp , i 've sometimes felt that my passivity ( i.e not jumping to beat people in certain situations ) is wrong or even dangerous . 
  i empathize with you . 
  i read the bible and i have to say that ecclesiastes is a much needed breath of fresh air from leviticus and ezekiel in the old testament . 
  i never did smoking , so the only time i got high on it was by swallowing a dope chocolate . 
  it felt like being drunk , but worse : my sense of physical equilibrium was greatly reduced and i jidt sat on a chair feeling aware of the dizzyness . 
  i ws dissapointed , though . 
  i was expecting to see these wild connections and getting some revolutionary insights , but it did n't happen . 
  yeah , you do n't have to be like frank underwood to enjoy being an entj . 
   form militias in fear of chaos, 
  creating division is the worst part of this video , and arguably its purpose ( according to what i can read from my fellow redditors ) : it cherry picks footage of protesters in order to demonize them , while conveniently presenting the saviour group for the good guys : the nra . 
  just as the video starts , you listen to her demonizing * dissenters * . 
  simply put , who have more chances of installing a dictarorship , the people owning guns or the people lacking them ? 
  she also mentions the police being `` forced to react '' . 
  like ... yeah , that 's what they 're for . 
  it 's disingenious to think that some yahoos will overrun local , state and federal law enforcement agents plus the national guard . 
  but that 's exactly what this woman and the video editors want people to believe by carefully displaying that badly beaten man with a trump campaign shirt , combined with her tone of voice , body language , etc. 
  real or not , it 's a popular opinion that fearing , fanatical masses got hitler into power . 
  i 'd like to think that 's the reason why some democrat sympathizers throw the nazi card so often . 
  we are dramatic , no doubt about that . 
  sorry if you felt unwelcome here . 
   robots made in japan, 
  i am the maldron man !, 
  my mom is an esfp as well and she always flatters me because of the way she perceives my knowledge . 
  i know my own limitations and therefore i do n't think it 's so special but she does . 
  could it be that esfp 's feel a little weak on that side and admire nt 's for it ? 
  weeble gobble one of us weeble gobble one of us !!, 
  why do n't you wa n't to join the logician 's lounge ? 
  we have like , pizza and halo and books about weired stuff and individual rooms for when you want privacy just by the common hall for when you feel lonely again . 
  i agree with us perceiving that the grass is greener on the other side . 
  it 's hard to notice other people 's problems . 
  i sometimes wish i was an estp , but i 'm sure they have issues that just fly over our heads . 
  being a ti dom ( not sure about te , though ) i can tell you that low fe can be hard at times . 
  i feel lonely but when i try interaction it comes off as awkward which makes people want to steer away and myself to sink in a hole to never bother people again . 
  until the feeling of loneliness harks back on a vicious circle that sometimes gets broken here and there . 
  oh , come on . 
  i was also ready to play `` oh fortuna '' and watch america burn as trump and the republicans `` seized '' every branch of the government . 
  but even though trump did want to enforce some pretty authoritarian measures , the us is not a banana republic in the sense that the courts do have authority to veto what the president wants . 
  cases in point :, 
  * when a - hawaiian , i think - judge ruled his muslim ban unconstitutional . 
  * when trumpcare did n't pass for the first time . 
  more info, 
  i have entertained an opinion about the confederate flag and i think i do coincide with your opponent here : while it was the banner of the enslavers and was later on used ad nauseaum by racists , other people hijacked it as a symbol of just southern culture , and when you have lots of people growing in healthy environments with the confederate flag all around , it sounds plausible that the meaning will change . 
  it happens all the time with symbols . 
  you can see it with the nazi imagery : nowadays , all things associated with the nazis are seen as symbols of oppression , but many of those adopted by hitler were neutral symbols of ancient cultures that he hijacked . 
  listen to dixie 's land . 
  does it have any explicit racist message ? 
  it never says anything about black people or slavery or even `` states rights '' . 
  just pointing out how awesome the south is . 
  at most , it says `` in dixie 's land i 'll take my stand , to live and die in dixie '' . 
  but you can really apply any kind of stand you want for your personal meaning . 
  i 'm not arguing that the confederate banner was never a hate symbol .
