  my bad . 
  i just discovered the enneagram and i notice some of you guys are 5w4s like me !, 
  do you think this combination is common amongst us ? 
  it appears to be that any mbti type can be any enneagram type . 
  do you think 5s and intps compliment or boost each other ? 
  ( both in the good and bad sides ), 
  edit : please spare the bad grammar regarding apostrophes on the title . 
  i already corrected them on the subtext . 
  i replaced human contact with reddit . 
  i refresh often to see if i 've got a notification . 
  is that like , normal ? 
  [ removed ], 
  yes i know , it sounds immature ; probably is . 
  intps are regarded by some as the `` robots '' . 
  i hate that label , because it 's not true . 
  i feel like a freaking feeler right now , not an analyst . 
  being the faulty robots that we are we do n't even get the pluses robots were built for : we ca n't do the harsh physical work machines are built for ; we do n't get the computation abilities of those machines and we have feelings that can derange our lives . 
  i ca n't bear with those anymore : right now i 'm caring about a lot of stuff i should n't be caring about in the first place . 
  i must be a goal/performance oriented individual and feelings are just blocking me . 
  feeling alone , feeling unworthy , feeling inferior , feeling unaccomplished , feeling stupid god damn . 
  but ok . 
  lets act like mature people and look for solutions , not a pat on the back . 
  how do we kill feelings ? 
  any approximation ? 
  edit : thank you for the advice and support . 
  so much war , so much evil , so much suffering . 
  nobody deserves it : we need to protect the people of the future by denying them birth . 
  so the plan consists on creating a mutant virus that targets ovaries and depletes the ovules of women in a short period of time , rendering them infertile . 
  such virus needs to have the following features :, 
  * be mutant so antibodies ca n't really attack them . 
  * has attach to it 's host ( unlike common cold ) . 
  * needs to be as contagious as possible to infect as many people as possible ( can infect through respiration , contact , sexual transmission , etc ) . 
  * needs to be hosted by anyone ( men and transgendered people included but perhaps making farm and domestic animals able to host the disease could be a good idea ) . 
  * it must be as innocuous as possible to maximize it 's stealth : no negative side effects to anybody 's health are allowed ( now i think about it , premature women age could be a problem ; the virus must be carefully engineered ) . 
  * it must attack morulas and blastocytes to impede in-vitro fertilization . 
  * if an embryo has passed the blastocyt stage ( so it 's a fetus ) , the virus should not provoke abortion or harm the baby in any way . 
  once the virus is created and perfected , i must inject the virus in my body and spread it to as many people i can . 
  to do so , i must travel through the world , so financing is needed ( [ but that seems like another evil plan of it 's own ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejr1h5tf5we ) ) . 
  i need to assist to the most crowded events in the world -- like the muslim hajj and i read there was an annual religious event where millions of hindus bathed in the river ganges -- i also need to live on crowded cities but perhaps my best bet are cities that serve as connection hubs with the greatest amount of international flux ; so perhaps a job at a l.a or n.y airport could just do the trick . 
  so when governments realize women became infertile , it will be too late : the virus will have spread too far to implement a cure , if one was found . 
  the virus will make no distinctions of gender , social class , religion , ethnicity or anything else like humans do , besides it will be impossible to distinguish an infected person from one it 's not at sight , so effective reverse quarantine of fertile females will be impossible as well . 
  wars will still rage on as they always have . 
  crimes and atrocities will still be committed but ironically enough , this will only speed up the process trough which we will finally achieve peace : through self-destruction . 
  perhaps not physical one , but working to get rid of sexual desire seems like the only peaceful way out for incels of the effects of the `` hook up culture '' where women for the most part choose a man according to almost unattainable standards in multiple categories ( money , looks , body , social value , etc ) , and the men who are considered `` high value '' hoard all women but men who happen to not be a caricature of manliness like leonidas or who possess traditionally `` feminine '' traits like being supportive , caring , emotional , physically unfit/weak or who use violence as a last resort as opposed as using it as a first resort can be used , degraded , mocked or simply abandoned . 
  i read a book called `` the end of men and the rise of women '' and i have observed it 's actually true for my immediate surroundings : since women were actually oppressed by thousands of years , they 're gaining a huge momentum and getting into more positions of power as time passes by , this given because of their ability to adapt to situations given by evolution and else . 
  so this newfound power reverses gender roles , which is not really so bad in my opinion if we successfully to adapt laws to this new age ( for example , alimony and child support would now be invalid because women are capable of supporting themselves or their children if they win custody ) . 
  so i 've perceived many `` nice guys '' ( the true nice guys , not the ones who degrade themselves in exchange for a little sexual favor ) and incels suffer loneliness . 
  could this be fixed by eliminating the source of sexual desire ? 
  could a version of this be applied to ugly women to further reduce their sexual desires and eliminate their need to marry to anyone ( not just high value men they ca n't reach but literally anyone to achieve true freedom ) ? 
  perhaps sexuality is men 's greatest ( and arguably only ) weakness , but one that can be incommensurably exploited these days , so doing something about it does n't seem like a bad idea . 
  two days ago i went to see my psychologist and she said she thought my problem was that i could n't release my potential because my mind blocked me , so she recommended me to read a book called `` how to silence the mind '' by osho . 
  i have n't finished reading it but so far i think it 's worth giving it a read . 
  thank goodness , i was n't raised in a strict religious environment ( which i perceive suffocating ) , this allows me to have a broader perspective -- i think -- about life : without not having my mind polluted with guilt for having pleasure or simply existing in the first place . 
  and a concept that thrills me is that of sin in the judaeo-christian tradition : it means that you 're doing something that angers an almighty god who does n't visibly intercede , an omniscient god you can not see and an omnipresent god whose existence you can not demonstrate . 
  but the idea is so ingrained in some people 's minds some of them can not orgasm because they 're worried about hell : a place of eternal torment for what the organized religion considers it angers god ( and conveniently offers redemption ) . 
  my point is that a mental concept as frail as faith -- in the sense that the existence of god can not be demonstrated -- can cause a * physical response * to a certain stimulus ( out of a mental concept ! ) . 
  the very difference in cultures -- like how people tend to be comfortable with touching and spacing between one another -- is another testimony of this . 
  i have observed that one of those mentally conditioned responses ( that are limiting for me ) is failure : i 'd feel like i wanted earth to swallow me if i exposed myself to what i perceived as a failure and had physical responses in the form of cringing . 
  true , some of those limiting behaviors are necessary for the stability of organized society ( like repressing an impulse to kill somebody ) but when those beliefs limit yourself to the point of not living a life of fulfillment you know something has to be done . 
  so i decided to live in a new way from now on : i 'll be honest with people so when i do n't want to do something with them i 'll tell them ; if i want to do something i 'll express it , so no more masks and lies . 
  if somebody does n't like me they 're free to move on , but being like this will enable show myself as i truly am . 
  and in order to avoid cringing i wo n't just not overthink : * i wo n't think at all * . 
  my mind is useful to me only when i 'm using it to study , learning or having fun in my own way with it , but i think letting it overshadow most aspects of your life can be counter-producing ( even though this seems to counter logic ) . 
  failure is only a mental concept that limits oneself as much as that person lets it . 
  also , why not trying to discuss boring , uninteresting themes like most of other subreddits ? 
  that lessens the likelihood of trending . 
  since r/nottrending trended , the people who loved obscurity now feel scared by the spotlight and flee to new copies of the concept . 
  besides , it sheds light for other people who now wish to become obscure ( thus joining a not-trending concept subreddit ) , and trolls . 
  lots of trolls . 
  what if you hang tight to all those lumens of insta-fame to return to obscurity afterwards ? 
  as a civilized citizen of [ the empire ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/empiredidnothingwrong/ ) ( that i discovered because of it trended ) and a [ quirky bastard ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/intp/ ) i contribute to the welfare of this subreddit by visiting and not subscribing . 
  i 've noticed that some subs -- copies of this one -- try to be a safe haven for people who love obscurity ( which apparently is now a trend ) . 
  but apparently this sub goal was to trend , not to keep untrended . 
  i 'm not subscribed to this sub but for the people who are i ask : what 's your goal ? 
  but i ca n't guarantee that since a bot linked this sub to the trending page , namely gaining notoriety . 
  i think attraction is instantaneous : she knows what she wants immediately and just sight is needed ( my point being that if she decides one is not attractive enough she 's not going to give in for sex , follow up date , etc ) . 
  so if how long -- median period of time -- should i keep up talking to her before officially declaring it a loss ? 
  i 've read that we usually ca n't change our personalities because our two main functions ( 2/8 ) are the most developed ones and they spend `` few energy '' in comparison to less developed ones . 
  also , could it be that we base some of our values on our main cognitive functions ? 
  i ca n't stand logical inconsistencies , even less if we 're talking about rules . 
  perhaps that 's my ti voicing itself . 
  i accompanied my mom to buy sunglasses and she stayed for hours at that store . 
  besides being woman , she 's an esfp so she lives in the present moment ; she 's very good at cooking and ca n't stand a messy house , which i attribute to se . 
  when i was at the sunglasses store i even decided to try some sunglasses on and imagine how i 'd look wearing a certain outfit to develop my se ( perhaps with fe , the areas i need to work out the most ) . 
  the next day i was * physically exhausted * . 
  what i think it 's curious is that my mom speaks a lot through the phone -- several hours a day some days -- with multiple people . 
  but when we talk through the phone i tend to explain stuff i 've learned and she told me that 's exhausting to her and that whenever i call her , she does n't call anybody for the rest of the day . 
  could it be using underdeveloped cognitive functions spends more energy in real life -- like actual kilojoules we got from food , rather than `` emotional resources '' -- but developing them makes it easier for us to make them more energy efficient ? 
  ( and therefore spending less energy for a better performance ), 
  i defended the first galactic empire with my heart and soul . 
  i was loyal to the principles of progress lord vader and emperor palpatine showed us and the achievement of our brethren , bringing peace and [ a safe and secure society ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lo4cfvinles#t=1m17s ), 
  but i 'm afraid the first order is nothing like that , it does n't do anything to build , only to destroy . 
  they destroyed five planets on a whim instead of having a detailed but ambitious plan to control the remnants of the senate ( tarkin * did have * the political control and military presence to do it , the explosion of alderaan was something to be seldom or never repeated ) . 
  do you know of a true imperial remnant , or is it vanished forever ? 
  will you join the first order or will you oppose them ? 
  or do nothing and be contented with the outcome , whatever it is ? 
  would you join the new rebellion ? 
  ( ironic but plausible ... ), 
  edit : i was n't aware grand admiral thrawn was still serving . 
  every veteran capable of fighting will serve this man with please if he/she wants to keep calling himself/herself a loyalist .
