  one of my teenager fantasies was to become good at poker so the mgm grand would pay my vacations to las vegas and i could attend the vegas hot 100 contest for ... reasons . 
  i downvoted because of he/she disgreed in a completely non-constructive manner . 
  if he changed the wording to make his point without mocking the other person i 'll keep my downvote to myself . 
  thorough , interesting , well crafted response . 
  i do n't know why you were downvoted . 
  not expecting things is super positive . 
  that way if you have no expectations , you 'll have no disappointments , just pleasant surprises . 
   by that reasoning i ought to down vote you with 500 different alt accounts, 
  not quite . 
  i stay true to my downvoting principle , so much i even downvote my own comments if i dismiss somebody unconstructively or attack him/her . 
  for example when you said :, 
   due to your inability to get that / u/gregjaques knows better than you, 
  you 're being dismissive while not being constructive -- or polite -- and you provide no reason whatsoever of why should i `` stay silent '' . 
   mockery or no mockery , his opinion is worth more , and if you claim to be an intp , mockery should n't bother you . 
  your opinion about opinions ; you 're entitled to it . 
  the fact you perceive opinions to be worth more because they 're closer to your perception of truth does n't make a statement true if you consider it valuable . 
   mockery should n't bother you . 
  i actually agree on this one : life is too short to be taken too seriously and assholes exist in abundance so taking insults with humor is a proper defense . 
  yet still there are some people with serious nature who could feel hurt by mockery . 
  please refrain to do so , as it may not be obvious to tell serious people from the ones who are not . 
   i ought to down vote you with 500 different alt accounts, 
  i 'd feel flattered if you did . 
  investing time enough to create 500 throwaways or organizing a raid upon my modest account means i 'm somehow relevant in your life , otherwise you would n't even bother to read my comments , even less to take action against me . 
   getting his ass beat by fn-2199 in the assault on maz 's castle, 
  fn-2199 is the id of the so-called tr-8r ? 
  this kid 's fame exploded all over the holonet !, 
  haha . 
  enthusiastic younglings ; they remind me of myself when i just started . 
  say what you want about the first order , some of their troops have got guts . 
  that we would polish to become effective , constructive troopers if we had the chance ... something tells me thrawn 's army consists of us old timers but no fresh meat . 
  what bothers me is that you ca n't simply destroy 5 planets to show off . 
  it 's outrageous . 
  it is n't even operationally feasible to build such a weapon : being set on an actual planet , the planet is constrained by its orbit . 
  our ore extractor had it 's own traction ( slow , true ) but it could move by itself . 
  besides , consuming an entire star would destabilize the whole system , rendering planets inhabitable , causing climatic chaos and messing hard with the gravity systems . 
   if other 501st stormtroopers are serving under grand admiral thrawn i would serve with them but i do n't know of any way to get back in touch with my squadmates . 
  otherwise i 'm staying out of this one the best i can . 
  dammit i 'm in the exact same situation !, 
  my kingdom for a hyperdrive !, 
   i 've still got my old gear , hidden away of course , and could probably get a ship with a hyperdrive but that does me no good without a destination . 
  thrawn 's in the corellian sector . 
  how to lead . 
  the ruling was made for palpatine . 
  vader leading and palpatine ruling were the fields both men excelled at , and where we wanted them to be . 
  planetary ore extractor *, 
  ** pstd trigger warning : battle of endor description **, 
  thrawn was n't there because he was n't needed . 
  we thought we had the situations in control until we realized the second ore was n't firing as it was supposed to do , so we started loosing ground . 
  ground , air , space , you name it . 
  then executor fell and the ground troops guarding the shield generator were busted and we were overrun , then some ships slipped into the the * huge * open space of the 2 ^ nd ore and destroyed it , killing lord vader and emperor palpatine . 
  we overestimated our forces , and that became our downfall . 
  you lost on the ground because of the exact same reason we lost at space , comrade . 
  because we felt superior , but we were n't . 
  even though a red banner that says `` downvotes are for comments that do not contribute to the discussion , not for expressing disagreement . '', 
  appears on the bottom of the screen each time one crosses the downvote button with the cursor i think most people do downvote what challenges their system of beliefs or what they like . 
  i think your post was positive regardless of the downvotes , so keep it up !, 
  fun fact : earthling ( american ) citizen tupac shakur -- a known rapper -- shares his first name with actual ancient earthling emperors from another political demarcation known as peru . 
  his name also sounds better suited for our galaxy than the milky way but that 's just me . 
  [ alternate promo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x6pq3sq2x30 ) . 
  their faith in their friends was theirs , but we did n't exploit it . 
  believe me , we all are . 
  pardon my ignorance but , even though i know jordan is one of the most liberal countries in the middle east ( the others according to me being israel and uae ) can you get laid on them ? 
  i mean ... are n't jordanians like ... strict on sexual matters ? 
  it 's too late for vengeance , my friend . 
  the ewoks who wronged us are long dead of old age , their innocent descendants now occupy the moon of endor . 
  if we wrecked genocide on them we would n't be any different from the first order . 
  it 's not the imperial way . 
  trust me , i 've fantasized about getting them in the trash compactors and squeezing their lives and screams until they 're no more for the way they treated our at-st operators . 
  but committing such horrors wo n't bring them back , so there 's no use for vengeful , uncivilized , unnecessary violence . 
  i 've read two books on body language . 
  i suggest you do n't read them , other than academical value they may not be of much use : why ? 
  because you may find yourself interpreting and analyzing their poses to try to get what they 're thinking and feeling ; that 's bad because of two things :, 
  * i 'll make you start analyzing which will activate your frontal cortex and usually more brain activity means better chances of overanalizing . 
  * it may fool you into a very toxic cognitive bias -- or error -- called `` mind reading '' . 
  even if she displays negative body language according to books she may be still open to fun , it depends more of a statistical chance than a procedural outcome . 
  as an extra , there are confusing -- or mixed signals of openness and closeness that can further fool you and * some women even hide their body language ; so far they go * ... 
  yet still they if you rely on analysis of memorizing five different good books you 'll still have nothing against natural women . 
  that 's their natural gift . 
  i hope you put up with all my warnings , i thought i could spare you some time and effort , yet i recognize we 're all different ad what could work for me might not work for you , so in order to not deprive you of the experience you seek , here 's my list :, 
  * the body language project dating : attraction and sexual body language . 
  -- obviously focused on dating . 
  * the definitive book of body language by barbara and allan pease . 
  -- general info , broad dating section but also treats cultural aspects and power plays . 
   you 'd be surprised on the prejudice in every way , you have in that sentence . 
  i am not aware , would you care to explain ? 
  most likely the latter . 
  perceived money abundance springs many emotions : hate , envy , desire , submissiveness , competition , admiration ( usually mislabled as `` respect '' ) , fear amongst others . 
  you may spring much more negative than positive emotions on other people , because people desire the most what they perceive as good but unattainable . 
  now , -- whoa , perceptions galore ! -- in my perception it 's not an easy way to the top , and there are winners and losers in any competition . 
  yes , capitalism could be most cooperative under certain circumstances -- e.g : ancient florence -- but fiercely competitive on others ( dog-eat-dog competitive scenario ; modern wall st. if media accurately portrays reality in this particular case ) . 
  a word on milennials : our generation will probably be infamously remembered as the one of extreme shallowness . 
  it 's not feasible or even healthy to take the word of `` memefied '' millennials very seriously . 
  roberto g\u00f3mez bola\u00f1os -- aka `` chespirito '' -- was a hugely famous mexican actor and comedian , best known for his character `` el chavo '' . 
  his show aired in the 80 's or so but many people grew watching him on t.v , so he was quite a known person for latin american people ( not just mexicans ; even brazilians watched his shows ) . 
  even though i 'm a mexican , i seldom watched his show so when he died many latin americans -- mostly mexicans -- were in awe , but i was n't ; so i empathize with you . 
  i get energy from knowledge , not food . 
  close your eyes and repeat the phrase : `` i ca n't raise my right arm '' for a straight minute . 
  after that raise your right arm . 
  were you able to do it ? 
  yes .
