  so they desperately want sweden to become khomenini 's iran 2.0 to reassure their beliefs . 
  they 're actually right , just got the whole thing backwards : it was actually russia that does n't speak german or french because it was bailed twice by america . 
  oh , hold on . 
  turns out is was the winter combined their hardened , frozen and combative asses that bailed them out . 
  holy shit . 
  what a way to move !, 
  go to the mayor 's office to request one . 
  i thought to myself : `` if i ever lived in the us , i would * never * get a firearm '' . 
  that until i found [ this ad ] ( http://i.huffpost.com/gen/907989/images/o-bushmaster-rifle-facebook.jpg ) . 
  now i want a bushmaster replica to display on a rack alongside the man card . 
  seriously , this is one of the things that -- perhaps 50 years from now -- americans will look back and cover their faces thinking : `` oh god , we got * that * far '' . 
   oops , pregnant again, 
  i played with your heart , got lost in the game, 
  oops , you think i 'm in love, 
  that i 'm sent from above, 
  i 'm not that innocent, 
  what if you want to be romanian but not transylvanian ? 
  i wonder which will be the new boogeyman once the crazy islamist bastards calm down . 
  communism --  islam --  ?? 
  this is a similar reasoning to bin laden 's justification for leveling the wtc . 
  edit : shoutout to u/w00ster, 
  i 'm not going to argue with you on that . 
  war is terrible . 
  just do n't go around pandering that `` america leads in terms of right and wrong '' . 
  if you bombed civilians in order to reach strategic goals or save infantry lives you may be great commander , but * never * a moral authority . 
  lol, 
  nope ... 
  that monster truck will cause 1 out of 3 possible reactions :, 
  * indignation, 
  * laughter, 
  * support, 
  i laughed . 
  truth to be told , it 's not too far off if you consider as `` europe '' the iberian peninsula , western europe and the fomer communist block ( not included on this picture ) . 
  however , due to the irregular shape of europe , it 's easy to forget that [ the european side of russia covers about 50 % of the area of mainland usa ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/585ir ) , not taking into account the scandinavian peninsula , which is pretty large itself . 
  bald eagles do n't shit rainbows though . 
  the only other animal known to do that is the nyan cat , and it 's japanese ( or whatever country you choose , depending on your mood ) . 
  i thought the world 's most obvious alt was dylan-w ( served as an alt to cwm ) . 
  bloody texas is at it again . 
  can we call krasnoyarsk , sakha , western australia and amazonas already ? 
  could you tell me ( respectfully , if possible ) why were people triggered by this comment ? 
  i seriously do n't get it . 
  well , that 's an interesting fact to know !, 
  thanks for sharing . 
  well , there 's also [ this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=miak3hejix0 ) . 
  this was a great series . 
  well , considering your verbal assault towards me and the fact that i got pretty downvoted , i must have upset some people besides you . 
  you do n't have to tell me if you do n't want to , it 's ok . 
  fuck the hokage !, 
  itachi did nothing wrong . 
  what are you laughing at ? 
  it 's true !, 
  an important measure of living standards is having big , superior toilets that flush the entirety of the triple whopper combo you had that afternoon . 
   the u.k. considers many more offences to come under the banner of a violent crime than in the us . 
  i do n't think my head needs checking , but i did n't think about the uk having much broader consideration of what is a violent crime and what is not . 
  that 's important to take into account . 
   it 's like you 're specifically finding the most uselessly misleading numbers here . 
  in the uk everybody who has been diagnosed , has been treated or has died , will be included in those numbers . 
  no such system exists in the us , that 's before you even get to the issue of access to healthcare and it 's effects on the rates of diagnosis . 
  as a foreigner to both the us and the uk , this is also not obvious . 
  thanks for writing this !, 
  it was illustrative . 
  and how exacltly can we do that ? 
  i thought the poor pupper killed himself . 
  upvoted for cool content and innovative censoring . 
  yeah , she 's blazing and whatnot . 
  i 'm for sexy cosplay but at least put some effort ( not you , otherwalter ) on it if you 're going to be parading like that in public ; this is plain lingerie plus a couple starwars-related items . 
  effort like the bodypainting linked below . 
  i have the notion that social and income inequality are not great amongst the most vulnerable segments of the population , healthcare ( including mental ) is accessible for all and [ it appears to be there 's no american-like castle doctrine ] ( http://www.englishforum.ch/other-general/112620-questions-about-immigrating-into-switzerland.html ) . 
  but i do n't know , i 'm just conjecturing . 
  honor killings done in the name of allah = bad . 
  honor killings done in the name of `` protecting '' * our * women = green light !, 
  holy shit . 
  [ creepio suceeded ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gi8asjbc9u0#t=15m59s ) . 
  i have n't ever been to the us ( not even on vacation ) , but i get the sense of `` diversity '' ; it 's not as exaggerated as some people featured on this sub proclaim it to be , but nonetheless , it 's not so hard to perceive that people have different overall cultural attitudes from state to state . 
  in which region do you live ? 
  are they staunch conservatives or drama queen liberals ? 
  what kind of sas do you get the most ( diversity , guns , racial profiling , freedoms etc. ) ? 
  i would like to visit the old confederate states . 
  are they really unbearably bad , or is it just some crazy folks ? 
  lets just not forget that some liberals are pretty wacky too . 
  it 's just that conservatives seem to be more outspoken and tend to repeat their arguments more . 
  i wished there were more liberal sas to mock . 
  what about the african-americans whose families have been in the us close to its foundation ? 
  and the weather does n't help either . 
  i think it 's a human feature to shut your mind off when the communication between two parties is stagnant for long and desire conflicting outcomes . 
  one just simply wears out . 
  even though i 'd affiliate myself with the liberal/progressive movement in the us scenario , i have to admit that some of these people just take it to the extreme . 
  over-the-top feminists and tumblr types really wo n't stimulate the average trump supporter to have a rational discussion if the speaker is n't rational to begin with . 
  i read the the_donald thread with trumps ama , and you can really notice how there are people who are just desperate at this point . 
  they 're not the kkk rednecks who plead for the wall to be built or tell american-born citizens with latin phenotype to `` go back to mexico '' ; many trump supporters are just disenfranchised , normal people who ca n't see another way out . 
  true , but extreme polarizartion of ideas also seems like quite the american theme . 
  of course , to be properly featured here , a clear reference to the us has to be made . 
  believe me , i do shitpost in this sub * a lot * and it 's generally well-received . 
  the only point i was trying to make is that despite europe being actually larger than the usa , european countries could actually be considered `` small '' , and that european russia , norway , sweden and finland ( which constitute quite a large part of the european landmass ) are conveniently often neglected by american patriots due to europe 's irregular shape in comparison to america 's fairly rectangular one . 
  i did n't expect that comment to be so downvoted ; i guess i broke the circlejerk and got punished for it . 
  anyway , thanks for explaining it for me . 
   texas and louisiana overall are very conservative but if you go to cities like austin or houston or new orleans they are very liberal . 
   avoid small towns in those states and you should be ok if you want to avoid the crazy . 
  what about montgomery ? 
  it should be a large city , being the state capital of alabama .
