  read the text and when the boxes of examples show up , look for the changes happening from one line of text to another . 
  you went through four years of military service . 
  you can do this . 
  once more , reality beats fiction . 
  yes , but out of all his crazy ideas , that 's the one that irks me the most because he 's equating a theory that gathers more and more scientific validity through observations and cutting-edge test runs in specialiced machinery to ancient jewish mythology . 
  spanish is my native language too , but i have to confess that i made ( and still make ) that mistake pretty often . 
  and trust me , i do look for the rae guidelines when i have doubts about how to write things such as puctuation in special occasions . 
  and yet still people want to ram it down those poor amerikids . 
  lex is n't intj ? 
  just wondering . 
  superman returns featuring kevin spacey made me think he 's that type . 
  when i get money to spare , i 'm definitely taking that test . 
  i have actually put some thought on this assertion , and i disagree with it . 
  most men in the world are going to be attracted to the likes of adriana lima , regardless of where they they lie in the attractiveness scale . 
  in the same light , women may not necessarily like of be attracted to those men on the same scale of attractiveness they lie , but higher up ( or lower down , in some cases ) the scale . 
  also ( assuming we could set an objetive scale in tje first place ) , men react more positively to sexual readiness on behalf of the woman , than actual physical attractiveness . 
  for more on this , i suggest reading `` mating intelligence unleashed : the role of the mind in sex , dating and love '' by geher and kaufman . 
  chapter 4 deals with this topic . 
  well , russia has never had a problem with incorporating `` republics '' and giving them a fair deal of autonomy . 
  respublika sakha and the jewish autonomous oblast come to mind . 
  yeah . 
  besides , if the us went to war with the eu , they 'd probably try to annex mexico for a start . 
  the border with guatemala and belize is much narrower than the current border . 
  it would add a lot more coastline , but the us has the naval power to spare some ships on it . 
  but who knows , it 's pretty eveident thay i know nothing about war tactics . 
  you 're being honest about it , so you 're leagues ahead of most people . 
  stuff like this is a core problem for us because it shows that even when our main tool is knowledge , we have to take into account that in a battle where feelings clash with knowledge , feels win unless we have a massive strength of will . 
  i 'm in your situation but it does n't bother me as much . 
  what does bother me is when i offer advice and they keep doing the exact stuff i spent hours warning them about . 
  why do n't you try small talk with them ? 
  if you speak in this lighthearted way , they may answer back th same way . 
  also tell them your life dramas once in a while to balance stuff out , just do n't stick to the role of never talking to them unless talked to and then engage in this deep conversations . 
  i know it 's hard because that 's our cognitive preference , but it 's also what has yielded your current situation . 
  politics is an important subject and naturally we want to explore it . 
  judging by the themes in your post , i 'm guessing you are american and if so , i get your feels . 
  i 'm not even american and i follow american politics because unlike most world politics , american politics are * entertaining * and republicans and democrats are polar opposites on basically everything . 
  personally i have learned a few things about people as i have dwelled in american politics , namely :, 
  * people vote for their beliefs , not necessarily what makes their lives better . 
  * people on both sides of the coin can become just as entrenched and dangerous as the people they are decrying of being extremists . 
  * people want to be * entertained * by debates ; they will pick a `` champion '' and if they manage to make the other debater speechless , then they will solidify their point even further . 
  curiously enough , the losing side will have a breakdown . 
  i think this is stupid because for me , debating is not a contest , but a way in which we can use logic to improve on what we 're standing , so who is `` right '' or `` wrong '' does n't matter . 
  * people are very good at deceiving themselves even in the face of throbbing contradiction . 
  see basically anything about trump since annouced running for president . 
  previously , i did n't think this was possible . 
  there 's probably more but that 's what i could get out off of the top of my head . 
  repetitiveness is n't a problem when there 's a goal to pursuit . 
  i became a victim of that when playing pokemon . 
  everybody in youtube comments bitched about how hard cynthia was , so i decided to beat her at first try . 
  i took my entire mono poison team to level 80 and both of my crobat aces to 85 before even stepping on to the league . 
  i pummeled them all . 
  i think she managed to faint one of my pokes because she used a super effective move on one of them and i was careless , but otherwise it was some serious ass spanking for her . 
  i still have mixed feelings and i ca n't decide if the accomplishment was worth it or not . 
  took 90 hours of gameplay . 
  i could have learned the basics of a foreign language in that time . 
  well , i was thinking on the `` hot topics '' that they always bring to the table : abortion , gun control ... those things . 
  if the dems say up , the reps say down . 
  they seem to agree in interventionist foreing policy though . 
  it also feels like shit when they ignore you to nonverbally let you know you 're not interesting and that they do n't want to talk to you . 
  it 's hard to integrate the concept that in small talk , what is being talked about has little to no importance , it 's the subtext of the situation . 
  i doubt that mimicking body language , even when subtly helps , unless you 're a politician or somebody who has mastered the art of public/personal relations . 
  i ` vr tried that . 
  well , i 'm glad that the serial killer knowledge is classified as `` useless '' . 
  fine !, 
  the more you do it , the more you will notice that hardly anybody notices you and you 're just part of the background , which is a kickass thing of you 're an anxious person . 
  well , it would have been nice if the bot just posted once in a while , not 5 times per thread . 
  credit where credit 's due , that bot was much more coherent than the bots at subredditsimulator . 
  also , good luck at getting u/thebullshitpatrol or the other mod to lift a finger about it . 
  nobody else wants to take the lead cause intp behavior and nobody wants a mod team like normal subreddits because `` sjws ruin everything '' . 
  * wooords do n't come eaaassyy to mee *, 
  * how can i fiiiind a way *, 
  * to make you see i love you *, 
  * words do n't come easy ... *, 
  i care enough about grammar to correct a weeks or months old post , even when i know that nobody will see it anymore . 
  i have to say that reddit has improved my grammar skills because if i were n't a regular here , i would n't have a way to communicate in english . 
  thank you !, 
  your english skills are great as well . 
  it 's funny how we can often find people who share our native languages but never getting wind of that because it all gets lost in the context . 
  reddit has quite a nice german userbase though . 
  i wish there were a large spanish-speaking userbase as well , you know , with our very own original subs and knock-offs like r/600euro being the german r/conspiratard . 
  for a moment i thought it was !, 
  what is it , then ? 
  at this point , i 'd be contented if they considered the in-your-face cues that do n't even need analysis like entrusting the country to a man who lies and contradicts himself so often that you can find out the lies right away ( e.g : `` i ended the birther movement '' while there 's uncontested evidence that he supported it ) . 
  or calling hillary out for picking a wall st. banker for her cabinet , but defending trump 's decision of picking one for that position ( if not the exact same one that hillary wanted to pick ) . 
  if i want . 
  got ta do the dew , dude . 
  what is it ? 
  the `` e '' is for `` estrogen '' . 
  in attention to kyrmana 's comment in this thread , i want to know if you ... uh ... 
  if you have big tiddies . 
  this is my 6th week of gym and i 'm feeling great . 
  i used to have a very negative attitude towards the gym o physical training in school because `` school is a place of learning , not of showing off '' . 
  i also saw my physically fit , popular classmates as brutes . 
  you know , classic intp immaturity . 
  everything was cool and all , i had a couple of girlfriends and since both of my relationships happened kind of accidentally i got into `` pickup '' books ( not `` the game '' and those but mark manson 's `` models '' ) and the like to learn how to approach women . 
  needless go say i failed miserably , perhaps they work with people who have a more developed social muscle than i have . 
  as a last resort , i have come to terms with the fact that if i want to have any shot at attracting a girl , i ca n't be over 10 % fat ( primary goal is 10 % , secindary goal is 8 % ) . 
  and actually i have challenged myself to not try to hook up with anybody until i reach that goal . 
  i have n't noticed any visible change in my physique yet , but i can feel how previously `` heavy '' weights are feeling lighter , which really makes me feel like making progress . 
  thanks for the tip !,
