  you had a task , and you did n't meet the quality standards on the deadline * because * you procrastinated . 
  so you did n't have enough time !, 
  so procrastination breaks the equation , now it 's :, 
  self worth = ability \u2260 performance . 
  had you have more time , surely you 'd have pull off a much quality product !, 
  ( project , ability , grade , etc ) and actually meeting the deadline with the minimum acceptable score actually makes you feel good because you `` passed '' when you should n't have passed because of your ability . 
  so self worth is puffed !, 
  the book reference is this : burka , j. , & yuen , l. ( 1983 ) . 
  procrastination : why you do it , what to do about it now ( 1st ( revised ) ed. , p. 332 ) . 
  da capo press . 
  ( yes , i think i fucked the citation up , but the point is that you know where i 'm getting the info from ), 
  no , that 's not the case . 
  i know you did n't ask for advice and i 'm probably going to sound patronizing but why do n't you try to stop being paranoid ? 
  you ca n't read minds . 
  but it might help you to connect with people better . 
  just saying . 
  and of course i 'd like their answers to be justified , the whole rp system of beliefs is justified and more less consistent , so why should n't this ? 
  well , that 's the reason why i 'm asking , as some people simply use it as a `` dislike '' button , and has a different meaning from `` disagree '' , `` disapprove '' or `` discourage '' , meanings that other people could bestow to the button . 
  i concur with you . 
  but i call it a `` lab '' instead of a `` zoo '' . 
  manipulation of people is a gray area of my morality . 
  because in order to gain knowledge about people , my brain does n't register it as `` bad '' even though a quick analysis can debunk that . 
  e.g : halloween was about week and a half ago . 
  and i 'm not fond of it so , why not taking advantage of it to run a test ? 
  according to my observations and assumptions a person feels fear if :, 
  * feels threatened, 
  * feels there is no escape , there 's nothing they can do about it . 
  so , why not giving these kids a quality scare ? 
  when they ask for candies , if your house has a courtyard , close access to it , ( with a strong noise so they know they ca n't escape ) control lighting to be very creepy and then make rats or a shit ton of bugs appear from the ground or something . 
  of course you might get sued by angry parents and one of those guys could have asthma . 
  not counting perhaps you could traumatize a kid unnecessarily . 
  but hey , it 's in the name of science . 
  ( and sick intp fun ), 
  right on this very moment , most likely there are people desperately trying to enter the us by any means necessary to get into your whacky society . 
  they call it `` quality of life '', 
  but yes , western society is very americanized , so i get what you mean . 
  i do n't know about you , but i 'd hate to be a movie star , or a royal . 
  ( of any country , but especially britain ) i 'd rather work hard and live by the day while keeping my beloved privacy ( because nobody cares about me , the best kind of privacy ) than living in a golden cage . 
  everyone has different pleasure triggers . 
  does the screaming on the twin tower footage is part of the original video or someone added to it ? 
  even if you do n't fear the animal , you should be aware of the biting . 
  google it if you can stomach it . 
  tifu by living [ here ] ( http://i295.photobucket.com/albums/mm149/vaan77/australia_spider_eats_birds.jpg ), 
  i 've given a thought on the general subject for a while , which is free speech vs. offense . 
  nevertheless , as a mexican i do n't think it 's very productive for me to engage on this particular controversy because i do n't study at yale for a start , nor i live in the us , so i do n't really know the context behind the motivations of the students . 
  i have to say that i agree with the content of mrs. christakis ' letter . 
  pondering about halloween , and being fascinated at a certain extent about the us and it 's problems i thought :, 
  what if i had a bunch of friends from different races and said :, 
  hey , let 's be edgy af this halloween : lets choose a costume to impersonate hitler , mao zedong , stalin , commander titus , idi amin and pablo escobar . 
  would this bunch be violent at all ? 
  i do n't think so , as long as no insults were spouted and no physical violence ever took place , the costumes themselves are not violent . 
  sure , the impersonations are of people who did inflict tremendous violence on other people . 
  but , how come picking up some clothes make you violent ? 
  me too . 
  but using the upvote to encourage constructive conversations rather than just conveying `` i like this '' sounds like and interesting prospect . 
  could you explain the reference to me please ? 
  i do n't think that what i 'm going to say is going to be much of a consolation to you , but you should be thankful to life for being successful , at least academically . 
  i 've struggled a lot with college . 
  it 's more of an aggressive challenge than a pursuit to me . 
  sure i 'm grateful to have access to college education but still , i wish i was much more proficient at it . 
  sometimes , in the pursuit of happiness , we take too much for granted . 
  having said that , i hope you manage to find ( or produce ) happiness in your life . 
  we all need it . 
  i see . 
  thank you !, 
  i agree with your statement . 
  nevertheless the question arises : what to do next if you went outside to experience good feelings and really taste the point of being alive and it did n't work ? 
  what if you tried hard and failed and became jaded ? 
  the problem with this is that ( at least in my case ) emotions are hardwired to judgments and to the perceptions of judgment of other people about oneself . 
  therefore is difficult to block judgment in order to prevent ill-feeling . 
  whenever i do something wrong , it 's hard for me not to feel bad for my low performance , even when it 's perfectly understandable that my low proficiency is due to reduced training time , and that is natural for people to get better with continuous practice . 
  this discussion has interesting pieces to break down :, 
  1st . - i perceive you have a simplified model to describe romantic love , one that describes a passionately sense of attachment in function of sexual desires . 
  and i do not entirely refute it . 
  actually i think it 's pretty accurate , as stable couples most likely * need * to be sexually attracted to each other , which is natural , considering the nature 's purpose for coupling is breeding . 
  nevertheless , i do not entirely endorse it , as there are couples who stick to each other until death do them apart . 
  ( not just because of religious beliefs but because of genuine affection to each other ) love is a complicated feeling that stems from a complicated emotion vital to the survival of humankind . 
  and if you want to describe feelings ( like love ) in terms of neurochemicals , you can do it , but take it with a pinch of salt , as we have n't discovered everything about the brain . 
  2nd . - a personal conjecture of mine is that we tend to perceive `` cheating '' in a sexual way and relationships in a monogamous way is because we live in an environment of christendom . 
  ( careful , not christianity ) even if you have another religion ( other than islam in the case of men , because it explicitly states you can have multiple wives ) you might believe having a single partner for the time the relationship contract lasts is correct because this is the heritage of a society founded with roots on catholicism/christianity , namely the societies we loosely call `` western '' . 
  you mentioned an evolution-conditioned visceral reaction of heterosexual males , but the flip side of the coin is that women are hurt by emotional cheating [ because they were raised as nurturers ] ( https://blogs.chapman.edu/press-room/2015/01/05/chapman-university-publishes-research-on-jealousy-impact-of-sexual-vs-emotional-infidelity/ ) . 
  so the man feels powerless and incompetent ( power and competence are traits that are generally speaking important to all males , much more important to some than the others ) whereas the woman may feel their value as nurturers is worthless and/or insufficient in case of cheating . 
  relationships becoming dull and lacking emotions is another big issue that encourages cheating , but one can love his/her couple and cheat on him/her just to fill that void of adventure . 
  take it like this : ( i 'm stereotyping and dramatizing for the sake of illustration ), 
  * man : after all i 've given to you , all we 've been trough , everything i 've sacrificed for you , you cheat on me ? 
  do n't you appreciate all i 've changed and done for you ? 
  * woman : i love you with all my heart . 
  i took care of you when you where sick , i prepared your dinner to welcome you from work , and you do this to me ? 
  how come you fall in love with her ? 
  what does she have that i lack ? 
  i love you for who you are , ( a-ha ... ) but you do n't love me for who i am ... 
  having said that , relationships are very complex to be described or summarized in few words . 
  there are entire branches of psychology ( and therapy ) dedicated to the study and counseling of relationships , respectively . 
  the red pill is a fascinating model because of it 's scope . 
  but i definitely would n't take it as the absolute truth . 
  i disagree with your rationale for downvoting . 
  but i will not downvote your comment because that would be inconsistent with my own policy for downvoting . 
  [  ] ( http://www.gifwave.com/media/22444_thank-you-reactions-christian-bale_200s.gif ), 
  awesome . 
  edit : link bookmarked .
