  because there are racists saying that the worst thing ever is to have different races ( whites being the `` pure , blessed one '' ) , and there are others who boast about being `` the only true melting pot '' . 
  this shit . 
  ok , so they kept the guns to kill out any `` invasions '' of illegal people ? 
  no government takeover ? 
  its * painful * to watch this ignorance . 
  perhaps rpizza should improve their english a little bit ... 
  [ yes , the apparent grammar mistake seems ironic : i 'm using the `` singular they '' structure to avoid assuming rpizza 's gender ], 
   most americans believe there ought to be some regulation with the southern-border , since there definitely can be a tipping-point where diversity stops being diversity , and little-mexicos start sprouting up everywhere, 
  i am mexican , and apparently , us spanish now exists . 
  as people drift without having contact with the countries they emigrated from , differences in culture ( customs and attitudes ) start to surge . 
  for example , i think it 's baffling to see americans * celebrating * 5 de mayo . 
  we do n't celebrate it , and believe me ; we love to take any excuse we can to party . 
  but for some reason , may 5 ^ th is an occasion to be quietly proud about the bravery of our people . 
  for americans , it 's margaritas haywire . 
  that 's a cultural rift . 
  spanglish -- i assume -- becomes a natural consequence of poor people ( with poor spanish language skills in the first place ) immigrating to a country where the most widespread language is english . 
  they may also develop accents of their own . 
  the spanish language is very diverse to begin with ; some country 's accents are even difficult for native speakers to understand ( cuban for example ) , but the grammar has n't changed to a degree where various forms of spanish are dialects and need to be studied separately . 
  conclusion : you americans have developed a latin-american culture of your own !, 
  curiously though , it seems to me it 's a cultural attiude in the us to identify to the nearest culture according to one 's race instead of simply celebrating their americanhood with to strings attached . 
   tho europe is experiencing this too , with mass muslim immigration, 
   basically diversity can be strength with competition and capitalism , but it can go overboard, 
  i agree . 
  border control is necessary , i even advocate for the wall ( that serves to american security and is therefore paid by americans , nonetheless ) . 
  i also agree with the notion that a country can be overrun by people who immigrated there and change the established order to their laws and customs . 
  this has happened in history : it 's called imperialism and * european * countries were responsible for it . 
  but the circumstances are now different ; now , there are people who are fleeing their home countries because of a terrible war , whereas back then there were colonist coming to a conquered land in a sense of superiority . 
  demographically speaking , europeans definitely have to change their attitudes towards conception ; even if there were n't any immigration to these countries the demographic decline would still be unsustainable simply because nobody wants to have children . 
  and of course , muslims are stereotypically renown for having lots of children . 
  sorry to break the circlejerk , but this is quite reasonable in context . 
  yesterday was memorial day , and this guy is a disabled veteran who served multiple tours in irak . 
  so standing up to a symbol of what he has even given a part of his * physical integrity * must have a great deal of emotional importance to him . 
  besides , patriotism is a great thing as long as it does n't become an excuse to advocate for shit like genocide . 
  does that sub exist ? 
  it would be great to kickstart this as an inverse sas . 
  for very skinny-slim girls with huge breasts ? 
  would [ sha rizel ] ( http://www.boobpedia.com/wiki/images/9/9e/sha_rizel.jpg ) be a good example of this specific body type ? 
  i do n't know !, 
  i hardly ever watch tv . 
  but there must be at least a parade or something . 
  the battle of puebla is essentially the mexican battle of helm 's deep . 
  a dying language is a sad thing , as a piece of culture will be soon extinct ; but still , there are dying languages that are awesome . 
  besides , do n't you think it 's cool to speak a language that only 200 people speak ? 
  it 's like a secret code or something . 
  maybe i 'm just a linguist hipster . 
  russia is , indeed , bigness and diversity . 
  they do n't brag about diversity , though ... 
  i love that actress . 
  she is my wifuuu do n't disrepect her !!, 
  god , karina is my dream girl . 
   `` i pledge loyalty and support to the flag and state of south dakota , land of sunshine , land of infinite variety . '', 
  so , team jacob ? 
  does n't that go along the muslim jihadist line of thinking ? 
  `` kill and die for my cause and ... you 'll earn 72 hot virgin bitches just for yourself '', 
  it 's ok when rights spawn from god almighty but it 's not when leaders are appointed by him ? 
  this is confusing ... 
  while you 're at it , also contribute ( donate money ) to us !, 
  circlejerk apart , i do have hope in the catholic church though : take a look at the last 5 popes or so . 
  john paul i was killed because he -- apparently -- menaced to bring major changes to the curia ( maybe combat corruption within it ) . 
  john paul ii was involved in the peace negotiations that prevented chileans and argentinians to tear each other apart ( argentina was batty at the time ) . 
  benedict xvi went as far as suggesting that using condoms could be a way to prevent abortion and francis is -- at last -- diverting the attention from sex-related stuff and concentrating to more spiritual affairs . 
  he appears to want people to love god , not fear him . 
  ( parenthesis : did i just say a load of bullshit ? 
  this are my general impressions of the popes , and i did n't research about them , just faintly remember what i read about them or saw in tv ), 
  if i were correct about the popes , the evolution in the catholic church is what drives my hope for islam . 
  they 're going through some heavy shit right now ; but the catholic church was worse at a certain period of time . 
  perhaps they 'll need a few more centuries ( or not !, 
  ) , but in the end , they 'll too evolve into a religion that preaches more about love amongst its followers than keeping the law . 
  oh september ... what a goddess . 
  great taste bro . 
  what i love about karina is how she enjoys her sexuality . 
  i hardly end up watching 30 min long . 
  porn videos but hers are simply delicious . 
  i love how her thighs tremble involuntarily after orgasm . 
  i think that 's a sign that it 's an authentic one . 
   the one crazy denomination in the us ( southern baptists ) will not follow their example becasue they consider them non-christians . 
  how did this happen ? 
  the founding fathers of the us believed in a country where people would n't bash their religion onto others ; and now there 's a huge religious block that wants to pass anti-abortion laws and discriminate in the name of jesus . 
  why do some americans conveniently cherish everything the founding fathers stood for except for this ? 
  i see !, 
  - life is short , eternity is not . 
  bomb the shit out the infidels * today * . 
   sometimes srd can get pretty high up on the moral superiority horse , but it 's not doomed to being terrible, 
  that 's a self-aware srd comment . 
  it 's called reich so ... yeah , kind of imperial . 
  a while ago , there was a discussion about the drunk nba athlete who broke on somebody 's home at 3 a.m by kicking the front door . 
  and even though i 'd like to see the 2nd ammendment banished , i have to admit that was a prime example of defensive gun use . 
  the question , however , still remains : are n't there any ways to stun an intruder from a safe distance ? 
  ca n't you get one of those taser pistols that some cops use ? 
  ca n't you shoot darts instead of bullets ? 
  could you get a juggernaut suit , a riot control shield ? 
  has n't anyone installed any riot-control inspired mechanisms in their house ? 
  ( i just thought it would be sweet to have `` high '' pressure water sprayers hidden on the roof ), 
  as it is evident , i 'm utterly ignorant in the subject ; that 's why i 'm asking these questions to an american gun owner . 
  the middle east has extremely complicated social issues . 
  people bash palestinians because they elect hamas but do n't see that they are the `` least worse '' option for them , as they are their best choice to take care of domestic issues as well ( and israel is not freaking helping with its blockade for * humanitary help * ) . 
  there are lots of unreasonable behavior that is actually reasonable in context , but the scared americans just want it to stop no matter what . 
  that 's why they cheer to a candidate that wants to bring torture back ( even though it has been proven to be ineffective ) , kill the families of -- alleged -- terrorists and generally have carte blanche to bomb whoever that can be tagged as `` terrorist '' . 
   i believe most home defense experts basically recommend calling the police and then sitting in a safe place with a firearm only as a last resort . 
  it looks like some staunch pro-gun people are not so concerned about safety when it comes to defending property .
