   god made men , but samuel colt made them equal, 
  a pattern i notice in alleged american conversations is how disposable is the life of the criminals . 
  * anything * warrants a kill , and them having broken the law grants you the power to become judge , jury , and executioner . 
   a friend was raped . 
  by a stranger . 
  i consider a dead rapist morally superior to the trauma she had to go through . 
  taking a life is not an easy matter , but a ) 80 % of handgun wounds are survivable , and b ) the majority of the time , pulling a gun ends the attack . 
  even if she had needed to shoot and kill him , it very well might have been less traumatic . 
  it certainly would have been for his other victims . 
  and this . 
  the notion that * the possibility * of performing a successful dgu to halt an otherwise dramatic crime outweighs the multitude of lives saved by the absence of firearms or at least a reduction of them ; never minding the 20 ft. rule ( for holstered cc ) , personal biases , gun proficiency and all of those itty bitty things that police officers have to refine through professional training that could put an end to their projected self-defense situation . 
  thank you for being reasonable . 
  [ even that dam face ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ts8pfjkujfg#t=1m48s ) . 
  unless of course , you committed the crime of being born in a native reservation and the water supply of your people passes through the recently bought private property of a prominent member of the oil industry . 
  perhaps . 
  although the example of inferior se that always comes to my mind is either mr. bean or bridget jones fucking up . 
  i do n't know why this is sas ; it has always seemed to me that english is an easy language to learn once you grasp the basics of the grammar , then you can move up to the exceptions ( that every language has ) . 
  that they were desperate . 
  seriously , go take a look at trump 's ama ( np.reddit.com/r/the_donald/comments/4uxdbn/im_donald_j_trump_and_im_your_next_president_of/ ) on t_d ; it 's full of people concerned -- primarily -- with economic reasons . 
  there were many who cried for immigration reform , but it was on the grounds that they were not able to get a job because they could n't compete with unregulated , cheaper , illegal workforce ; not because `` mexicans are rapists '' or anything like that . 
  what concerns me about trump supporters in general is their ability to bypass the sheer amount of red flags that he gave not only during his campaign , but now as president-elect . 
  please do n't frame trump supporters and/or voters as deplorables . 
  to sin of the fearmongering that they excel at will only make it difficult to integrate them into our line of thinking once the honeymoon is over . 
  well , i think it depends on people 's perceptions in the end of the day : english pronunciation is very inconsistent , but its sounds are smooth ( which is one of op 's arguments ) , quite different from tonal or guttural languages . 
  ok . what i tried to convey was that you should n't assign negative features to the entirety of any group because it 's simply not -- strictly -- true ( e.g : the false claim that * all * trump supporters are racist , as there is at least one supporter who is not racist ) , and it fosters a tribal mentality . 
  but yes , it 's obvious that the people who wrote all of those thoughtful questions were not the_donald regulars and it 's those people who we have to reach once the trumpian novelty wears out ( which will probably happen very fast * [ if ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cd4ywmjeeek#t=2m30s ) * he gets elected , to begin with ) . 
  my comment was focused not on t_d 's particular subreddit culture ( and even then you 'd have to admit that there were people who supported trump and contributed to the sub while turning up their noses ) , but trump supporters as a general demographic . 
  w00ster 's comment hinted that trump * voters * as a whole were deplorables . 
  i empathize with you on your frustration , but i do n't think it 's fair to condemn the people who looked away from all of those red flags . 
  i think the way in which one judges the issues at hand are a matter of personal perspective ( which is independent of the accurate assessment of the situation and its outcome ) . 
  for example , staunch gun owners think that gun violence is decreasing and that the loss of lives due to firearms is negligible in comparison to the loss of a fundamental right . 
  in their minds , the real catastrophe would be the government taking their guns , because that way they would n't be able to put a stop to a tyrannical government . 
  in your assessment of the situation , women and minorities are going to suffer massive abuse and/or violence because trump will promote or allow a white nationalist movement ( [ even though he disavowed white nationalists ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=envn83pzznk#t=45s ) ) . 
  we really wo n't have a way to know what will happen until it happens . 
  the time to predict is over , now it 's time to act and devise how to bring those trump supporters who did n't assess the situation correctly to our side once the novelty wears out ; but one thing is for certain : scolding them wo n't work . 
  he does n't need to have been the operator nor have ordered all of them to carry the guilt for the ones that struck civilians under his command . 
  being a democrat wo n't wash away the blood on his hands , nor it should silence criticism and calls for justice for what he 's done . 
  i subscribed and it 's ok if i do n't get my cookie ; this sub is awesome and i thank chadywick for showing us the light . 
  holy shit hahahaha, 
  but kenisis did n't break the chain ... they just arrived late . 
  well , you have a point there , obama is just a war criminal because he ordered sloppy drone strikes while trump wanted ( in his campaign , perhaps he changes his mind with mattis in charge ) outright genocide . 
  except that trump is still innocent because he has n't been sworn into office yet ( he has n't even been * elected * yet ) , while obama does have a documented history of his crimes . 
  `` collateral damage '' makes it sound awfully apologetic , though . 
   if everyone becomes a war criminal then the term becomes meaningless . 
  this is dangerous . 
  the fact that it 's a common practice between us presidents does n't make it acceptable , if everyone becomes a war criminal means that everyone should be tried accordingly , not that the term is meaningless . 
  if civilians died because of a presidential order , then somebody should be tried for those actions ; whether it 's the executive themselves , the intelligence officers , or the soldiers . 
  practically speaking , we know this is not going to happen , but at least we can try to not sugarcoat the tenures of these people, 
  i ca n't afford to spend so much time precisely calling out the details every fallacy that you just wrote in your statement , but i 'd love it somebody else did it for me ( even though i 'm well aware that it 's me who has the burden of proof ) . 
  please be careful with your reasoning ; good reasoning leads to constructive conversations and most of the time , objective conclusions . 
  this sub ... 
  this sub is so welcoming ... and cool . 
  no , it 's not cool ; it feels warm . 
  dude ... . . 
  i was just about about to make that reference . 
  i guess it was just a [ lucky ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpxwr_9ehly#t=2m40s ) coincidence . 
  i thought your list featured names in like `` kim-jung-un '' or `` abu bakr al-baghdadi '' . 
  actually , i just embraced that nickname , the idea came from an esfj friend . 
  since i wore work boots every day because i liked them , some people started calling me `` boots '' ; once he came and called me `` booty boots '' and i grew fond of it . 
  the two is my `` lucky number '' , and i do n't actually know if there are two other bootyboots ' aside from me . 
  what 's the story behind your username ? 
   this video is more of an ne satirical perspective on ni . 
  agreed . 
  is this the neuschwanstein castle ? 
  this is the most british video i 've ever seen . 
  honour to the us flag code , everyone ... 
  i 'm not british , nor i 'm britanophile -- it 's a word now -- enough to appreciate the entirety of the contents showcased in this song . 
  that was deep , however ... 
   the external world of mere facts is the biggest downer you can ever imagine for a ni-dom, 
  do n't you intjs find solace in your te , having an affinity for the earthly facts ? 
   the more se seems like nothing but a prison from which you can not escape , and with which there is no compromise or happy ending . 
  i 've always thought that if you think you 're too sloppy and distracted and you feel bad about it , perhaps you should watch mr. bean or bridget jones . 
  nothing beats those guys . 
  he 's a true survivor , after all . 
   pizza is delicious, 
  #kiddy porn ring !!!, 
  expose it !!, 
  he was running for president , and this statement was made at the time before the us went bonkers and people like trump were able to say * anything * and still get elected . 
  the fact that he did what he said what he said ( and his body language and facial expression show his disbelief ) , is telling -- in my perception -- that he genuinely believes that being a good person and making policies compatible with western ideology is not dissociated from being a muslim . 
  he did n't just choose the correct progressive wording at the time . 
   where these idiots are trying to get ? 
  what are they trying to prove ? 
  i may be wrong , as i built my hypothesis from what i 've read on reddit -- and more specifically from what i 've read from this sub -- but i think that american racists believe that the behavior of people is embedded in their racial background ; so if you have an arabic phenotype , then you 're most assuredly a muslim who wants to impose islamic policies , never minding how the place in which they were risen as a child influences their behavior . 
  it 's a lamarckian ( read : false ) concept of genetics in which the beliefs , abilities and cultural identities of people are passed on to their offspring by their genetic material ; which is usually manifested purely on the phenotype of the person in question . 
  to answer your first paragraph : yes . 
  to answer your second paragraph : perhaps a jewish organization with a very strong focus on social justice * could * have raised their voices a little bit , but it 's important to remember that back then , there were n't strong social justice movements like we see them today and besides , jews were already outrageously blamed as the source of every tea partyier 's / conspiracy theorist 's problem . 
  i think you 're mistaken when you say that not meticulously scolding every single part of the bigot 's rhetoric equates to validating their points : it 's definitely not the same thing . 
  if mccain did validate that sentiment , he should have said something along the lines of `` muslims are not to be trusted , but at least obama is not one of them '' ; which is clearly not the case . 
  besides , i think you 're overlooking the fact that he had to keep a politically correct image for his target audience , and i perceive that if he went on a rant about why their entire system of beliefs concerning society ( or a fundamental part of it ) was incorrect then he could have kissed his political career goodbye in order to appease the feelings of a demographic that was n't even relevant for his victory . 
  politicians flip-flop on issues because they only want to get elected , and mccain snapping and giving that statement in the way he did with such a sensitive demographic ( come on , obama not being a muslim is `` breaking news '' ? ), 
  speaks greatly about him , even if he did n't focus on sniping every single aspect of the mountains of bigotry that the simple sentence `` i ca n't trust obama because he is a muslim '' entails . 
  [ the mexican one ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/5fj3ovjoxve/maxresdefault.jpg ) . 
  i would congratulate you , but i have to respect rule iv . 
  i thought he was the quintessential intp . 
  do n't worry , nobody is going to die from trying to climb trump 's inexistent wall . 
  except in conservative 's fantasies , that is . 
  you do n't even know how he 's going to perform yet and you 're already yearning that his presidency may be too short . 
  imma go on a limb and become a conspiracy theorist myself : i think they know the power of propaganda , and they 're ready to use the full power of the situation of having complete control of the senate , house , supreme court and the presidency , and they 'll want to keep it for as long as possible . 
  propaganda worked for them in the past and they want to keep pushing it . 
  the `` no fumar '' sign should raise some suspicions over their readers ...
