i looked for formatting rules , but could n't find any . 
  anyway i just edited the post , i hope it looks better now . 
  will be shorter next time , thanks for the feedback . 
  thank you for taking the time to reply . 
  your point of view is a fresh perspective for me !, 
  thanks for your insight , bro . 
  lol the end of the 4th paragraph was gold hahahaha . 
  but seriously : about contraception if i were a player , i 'd go for a vasectomy ; i 've seen lots of cases of guys who relied almost religiously on condoms and impregnated their girls . 
  sure , always wear a condom : to prevent std 's . 
  i have the bad habit of including a shit ton of parenthesis , so your speech mac might have confused you . 
  fpua is cool because you can have an idea of what women want to achieve . 
  they have challenges of their own , challenges similar to us , and different goals . 
  it 's valuable for me to listen to them . 
  i like your insight . 
  seems to me your focus is on why nature pushes us to be polygamous , but actually monogamy works better suvival-wise . 
  but consider this scenario : husband is a provider , loves kids , does n't provide much of a luxury life but brings home the bacon , hardworking . 
  after a 15 years + relationship marital life has become dull , and lets say the woman is a milf , or just very desirable , sexually . 
  young hotshot appears and he screams testosterone . 
  he 's a leader , takes risks , witty . 
  handsome , ripped , rich and he probably has sex with any girl he wants and he 's hot up to the point girls boast about having had sex with this guy . 
  the guy shows a powerful desire to have sex with the other guy 's wife . 
  what happens ? 
  most likely she will put some resistance that will diminish over time and end up cheating his husband `` and feeling terrible for it '' . 
  it makes sense , nature-wise since the young hotshot should be able to protect her physically and she would be elevated to a much more comfortable social and economical sphere , if he wanted to take her as his mate for the rest of his life . 
  ( who both now it wo n't happen ), 
  now that 's the weak point many guys want to exploit , as opposed as going out to parties and try to find not a fuckbuddy , not a girlfriend but a bride . 
  `` liberal '' here - i think what epicflyingcat was trying to say is that laws regarding life have to be modified so that we reach a point where we can have the greatest amount of freedom and the least amount of suffering . 
  for instance : if we legislate with the conviction that all lives have to be preserved at all costs , no matter what , what 's up with euthanasia ? 
  ( i know it 's not the topic at hand but i 'm choosing it for the sake of illustrating my point ) if a person is in the very extreme situation of agonizing and suffering up to the point it 's requesting ( or begging ) to die , why should he/she be denied death ? 
  i do n't know about you , but i 'd consider it to be inhumane . 
  what about abortion ? 
  there are cases in which the mother has a risky childbirth and the doctor has to decide to save the mother or save the child . 
  which life is the most valuable ? 
  the mother can have more children ... 
  but on the other hand it was n't the child 's decision to be brought in this world , it was the mother 's . 
  personally i think all lives are equally valuable . 
  ( so there 's a necessary contradiction because both lives ca n't be saved ), 
  abortion dilemma # 2 : rape . 
  a rape victim can choose whether or not to have the baby . 
  that sounds reasonable taking into account she was brutally assaulted . 
  but the conditions in which the baby was conceived are not the baby 's fault . 
  should the woman be forced to have it and raise it ( most likely with hate and i ca n't blame her ) just because it was n't the baby 's fault to be conceived that way ? 
  ( by the way i 'm tolling the girl with the full responsibility of raising the child because many men wo n't take any responsibility after impregnating the girl , consider it not discrimination towards women or responsible men , but a statistical consideration ), 
  so now we reach voluntary abortion : why would any woman want to do it ? 
  well , maybe she knows she wo n't be able to raise her children in a decent life quality standard ( they would be living in harsh poverty , or in a violent zone , perhaps she lives somewhere in the world where basic healthcare services are inaccessible etc. ), 
  or maybe she knows she 's not ready to be the mother the child deserves or a child is simply incompatible with her life expectancies . 
  should a woman be punished with a very strong responsibility ( actually investing her life on raising a child , obviously wasting a ton of money , time , effort and emotional resources ) because she engaged in a sexual intercourse ? 
  ( the most pleasurable experience a human being can have ) friendly reminder : there 's not a single 100 % efficient contraceptive up to date , as even surgical procedures have failed at times ( 1/100 ,000 , but still ... ), 
  a voluntary abortion dilemma : what 's up with teen pregnant girls who seek desperately for an abortion ? 
  there are unlicensed people who perform extremely dangerous abortion procedures with inadequate equipment on inadequate conditions . 
  girls , in their desperation submit to it , get infected and die . 
  so in the end both the babies and mother die . 
  i think specialized abortion clinics can prevent this had abortion become legalized . 
  a possible solution : legalize limited abortion . 
  there is a stage in fetal development where the baby starts feeling pain , and it is aware of emotions , etc. 
  if a woman wants to have and abortion prior to this stage , let them do it . 
  ( i think that 's what many people have in mind when they say a fetus is just a blob of tissue ) if they 're past this stage , have the government cooperate with the woman to make sure the baby will be as healthy as possible and facilitate as many options to give in the baby for adoption ( this means restrictions for adopting should be kept low but reasonable ), 
  anyway , i think the global , large scale solution to this problem is not penalizing or de-penalizing abortion . 
  it is creating a strong culture of scientific sex education and widespread knowledge , access and use of contraceptives . 
  well , remember we are living in year 2015 . 
  they 're living in year 1436 . 
  if you know what i mean ... 
  seddit actually helped me to drop `` the game '' out , here 's why :, 
  seddit led me into the the fpua subreddit , where girls have their chatroom , you know , just to have another perspective of stuff . 
  and i became horrified , girls talk about tricks to make you commit to them , as opposed to ( the great majority of ) us going out for sex . 
  when you think about it , it 's pretty terrible . 
  if you bite the bait and she secures a marriage with you , chances are you relinquish your life to the satisfaction of the woman , and legally , you 're on the loosing side if you even think about divorce . 
  then i read `` why men love bitches '' ( stumbled upon it because it was one of the books a friend of mine had as a suggestion on her facebook page ) further confirming my fears . 
  ( read the chapter about `` the dumb fox '' ) assuming we are civilized , responsible , non violent men , women have the high ground on us . 
  but for all their social advantages , they have only one given by nature : we crave sex . 
  but luckily , sex is unnecessary , we wo n't die if we do n't have it ( like breathing ) nor our health will decrease by the lack of it . 
  ( like sleep or exercise ), 
  so when i go out with my buddies now i avoid what i was looking for before . 
  it 's liberating , i remember i 'd feel bad if i did n't approach a hot girl when i read about pua . 
  now i say `` screw it '' and do n't feel awesome , but freed if you get what i mean . 
  your comment made me aware of ykk 's existence . 
  also , the first thing i did after i read that comment was looking at my crotch . 
  a company i love ( i literally grew with it and i acknowledge i largely owe it the ability to write/read/speak english ) but i think it 's about to become the next sega . 
  nintendo used to have awesome quality , back in the day but i think they lost the touch . 
  own a gamecube , does n't work because of the lenses , own a wii , i had to service it . 
  when had i needed to service my n64 ? 
  never . 
  and i still play super mario 64 up to this day . 
  i 'm 23 and i have that game ( and console ) since i was 6 . 
  in electronics , quality comes with updating . 
  why are you so stubborn , nintendo , why ? 
  have you tried beeg ? 
  that 's some quality stuff right there . 
  the problems i had with the gamecube all were because of the lenses , ( oh , and my memory card is as corrupted as the mexican government ) and the wii did n't want to spit out a disc . 
  oh but the n64 is awesome , so awesome . 
  i actually fear that someday , when tv 's get way too modern , i wo n't be able to plug my old consoles in . 
  well , looks like i 've been unlucky . 
  lol, 
  but , would n't you like nintendo to get the good stuff of the other companies ? 
  i mean ; i bought my xbox360 because of gears of war , but i really enjoyed the convenience of having a dvd player built in . 
  and when you compare the graphics of games like cod on xbox and ps nintendo under performs . 
  badly . 
  actually i noticed that the gamecube has better graphics than the wii . 
  this thread refreshes my hope for capitalism . 
  only under the command of such capable elements like you will this galaxy enjoy prosperity .
