  folks , we 've got the best civility . 
  the heritage banner is already displayed . 
  lacks sabaton and wwe references to kind of look self-aware . 
  edit : also warhammer 40k and bioshock infinite . 
  i agree that we should not do trump as a centerpiece , but maybe a subtle reference mocking him would be a nice touch ( eg : what exactly was the time when america was `` great '' ? 
  when owning people was a right or when thet nuked civilians to save troops ? ), 
  frozen peaches would be so cool , in fact , it 's a new classic with lots of material that we ca n't let go by . 
  if somebody remade the classic themes , i 'd like to see a new angle of it , for example : the current muh moon banner 's main theme is armstrong 's law and operation paperclip . 
  maybe a jab at saying that the soviets did everything first except for the man on the moon would be cool . 
  also the fact that american conspiracy theorists believed that the moon lanfing was false ( fake news ? 
  nothing really , but [ this video ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=xqcawlf2gfs ) and a comment i read elsewhere on youtube led me to think that trumpsters hijacked its songs for propaganda . 
  i shivered at `` the genetic right '' . 
  also , samantha mumba is a legit personality or just a generic name ? 
  lol, 
  honestly , i think that mentioning their state rather than their country is just bad habit typically attributed to americans . 
  but i do n't think that `` you should already know the great states that compose country of your overlords '' is necessarily the subtext here . 
  props to you ice , for once you 've linked to non-gun related sas . 
  keep up the diversity !, 
  thanks for replying !, 
  everybody should be allowed to blunder once in s while ... 
  who is also devoted to [ la virgencita ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/our_lady_of_guadalupe ) . 
  also ~ ~ reich ~ ~ right below . 
  translation from engineerish to english : easy cheese has the same consistency as toothpaste . 
  so , dale carnegie wrote `` the art of the anti-deal '' ? 
  well , [ they saw us rollin ' ] ( https://encrypted-tbn1.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcqdusa_i36fv3oxx30aeq8nxot1zxbh2hp5t7wa0d8vyazyaopl] . 
  they hatin ' . 
  what is r/place and what exactly happened in that thread ? 
  holy shit people ... 
  the swedes were impressive with the portrait of the king and everything . 
  i just love how the french turned anything crossing the french flag into french , like that magician from dragon warrior and the hearts , which many nations are trying to claim . 
  also , was marianne originally marianne or was it an anime/videogame character who just felt * la libert\u00e9 * and turned inti her ? 
  also , dammit netherlands ... and r/ainbowroad . 
  i think my favorite so far is the darth sidious speech from r/prequelmemes ; t 's absolutely beautiful . 
  gentlemen , we need to strike a deal to protect our flags . 
  i honestly ca n't see how it 's aesthetic to have a longer lower extension of the jack , however , a mexican flag filling the void would help us protect our territory better . 
  please join forces with us so we can protect our flags . 
  let 's strike an agreement then . 
  what would you propose ? 
  why not making a more creative peace solution than hearts ? 
  let big ben be the border beween us , maybe we could place half the ben and half the monument to the revolution instead to mark the border , rather thab sealing peace with a heart . 
  that would allow us to fill the void in green to eventually change the colours and draw our complicated coat of arms . 
  a large mexican flag is in * both * of our best interests . 
  we do not want to raze your landmarks , but we need to expand to keep the void at bay . 
  your flag is already large and we 're respecting her majesty 's image . 
  we do not want war , but expansion is necessary . 
  though i believe that the best thing is o fill the entire block to border with you on the southeast , i proposed to let half of the ben to become the boundary , making a mexican monument for thr other half . 
  any idea on your behalf or r/unitedkingdom is more than welcome . 
  that shakespeare is rad , lol . 
  some people are already suggesting a `` united kingdomexico '' . 
  pehaps a soluton would be to let your monument sit on our flag and then let a monument of ours to sit on yours . 
  or we could both work on a joint project , like a building or something . 
  i do n't know if there 's any historical partnership between mexico and the uk to capilatize on . 
  what do we both love or hate ? 
  maybe we could mock trump or something . 
  mexican diplomat here , yes please . 
  we do not want trouble with the uk . 
  her majesty is not being vandalized . 
  however , we need to expand towards the west to stop the void . 
  this is convenienr for both of us . 
  we are now aware of shakespeare . 
  let us finish the job and we 'll help you build and defend him . 
  we were happy with our wall-jumping yoshi and our obscene display of nationalism plus some tacos and the cactus until the void started devouring us . 
  expansion was necessary and we had some sort of a rumble with the uk . 
  do we have to tolerate even more prequelmemes on r/place besides the huge , word-by-word , complete palpatine 's speech ? 
  not opposed to the idea . 
  i was on the r/mexico team and started off late , but my heart gleamed with joy as a sw fan for how well done the entire speech was done . 
  no de un panista . 
  `` he had such a knoaledoe of the dank side '' lmao . 
  yes , you that read well on `` knowledge '' . 
  `` the dank side '' cracked me up . 
  we all know what comes right after that ... 
  como [ este compa ] ( http://www.vivelohoy.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/william-yarbrough.jpg ) . 
  lay out a pixel map and i 'll be happy to join . 
  where are you guys at ? 
  i 'm also trying to build a pokeball under the nyan cat , right to the huge french flag . 
  there 's a red line at ( 352,416 ) and then an arch at ( 360,431 ) . 
  i need to connect both . 
  help appreciated !, 
  go tell napoleon ` bout it . 
  i actually thought it was the crusader kings crew who drew this, 
  tldr : people praise other people with high interpersonal intelligence and harshly condemn those individuals who lack it . 
  so much this . 
  at r/museumofreddit there 's a post in whico one man took record of all times he was denied sex by his wife . 
  look at the comments and you 'll find absolute bashing with some unhealthy but copiuous ammount of genuine hate . 
  the guy was desperate and - i assume - as logical as socially obluvious and lonely so he kept the record to confront the wife for the issue , while missing the fact that the wife just lost all the lust for him whatsoever , yet still she was n't willing to confront for some reason . 
  on the other hand , the last gilding i saw on twoxchromosomes was about a girl who approached a father-daughter couple arguing in portuguese with some pretty heated but harmless body language and she interrupted by pretending she recognized her from school to non-verbally establish communication and make sure the female portuguese speaker was ok . 
  the social skills praise cirlcejerk was as intense as the spreasdheet bashing . 
  i love that movie, 
  i think it either was tongue-in-cheekey in purpose to appeal to a certain audience , or it tried to please the general public , but it was so original that it came to please a really specific demographic , much like cult movies . 
  `` what if jumanji took place in the uk ? '', 
  hey , but ohio is extremely important for the us , if not indirectly for the entire world . 
  it 's just that it 's relevant only once every four years . 
  it 's like it were hosting permanent olympics !, 
  ( mildly / s ), 
  you got ta give it to him that even when trashy , that 's effective communication at its best/worst . 
  m-m-m-m monster kill . 
  tell me about it . 
  i still remember space jam and its dank soundtrack . 
  do you notice that this game is somehow akin to real world politics ( conveniently with the major warring powers being pictures representing actual countries instead of fandom images ) ? 
  it 's a grossly simplified microcosmos , but at its core that 's what it is .
