  everybody can say stupid things once in a while and being european does n't exempt them from that ; how is it shitty for them to create a joke subreddit just like the one we enjoy ? 
  judeo-christian god likes his kink . 
  palestine , i just love your censorship style , bruh ... 
  i hate when people i love judge me . 
  looks healthy to me . 
  jaden ... just stop , please . 
  same here . 
  sometimes , my replies do n't make grammatical sense because i decided to paraphrase an idea and i forgot to change a couple of words . 
  perhaps it happens more often on r/mbti , as we have effectively hijacked it ... 
  perhaps it happens more often on r/mbti , as we have effectively hijacked it ... 
  when i first discovered reddit ( and this sub ) , i used to reply to advice-seeking posts or share my opinion on controversial subjects so i wrote long walls of text . 
  now , i simply do n't write them anymore , or back down at the second paragraph . 
  i know , thanks . 
  i tried to delete it , but reddit wo n't let me do so . 
  some people value money , others value social prestige and some others , power . 
  those kinds of people would maybe wonder why would one person become hell bent on studying theoretical physics . 
  why would people bother themselves understanding the universe and the patterns that govern it when there 's so little time to enjoy the pleasures that life has to offer ? 
  is it for the chance to go down in history as the discoverer of an important particle or process ? 
  from a pleasure standpoint , striving to become immortalized in science books is pointless , so it is from a power one . 
  perhaps your quest in life has more to do with the spiritual side , but question arises : what if death was just death without a judgement day or a deity or eternal afterlife and every effort to keep on being pure is wasted after all ? 
  or what if your efforts concentrate on selflessly devoting your life to goodwill and work in efforts to improve the life conditions on impoverished regions of the world ? 
  would it be worth it giving it a try considering the powerful do n't give a damn about the powerless and actually make things worse for millions of people just to satisfy their megalomania ? 
  you have answered for yourself the query about the pointlessness of hoarding money and material possessions . 
  so thinking about it , not science nor money nor charity nor power nor spirituality nor pleasure are worth it . 
  so why pursuing them ? 
  well ... 
  * the powerful believe in power . 
  * the rich believe in money . 
  * the charitable believe in change . 
  * the scientists believe in knowledge and its possibilities . 
  * the spiritual believe in a higher power . 
  * the hedonists believe that life is there to feel its delights . 
  the only important question is : what do * you * believe in ? 
  r/shitamericanssay because it 's a window to america 's worst and it sort of helps to understand american social dynamics ( although i 'm well aware that it 's not representative of the us as a whole ) . 
  i used to like r/subredditdrama but i stopped following them because of their sanctimonious attitude . 
  i also used to be subscribed to r/reverseanimalrescue because it 's hilarious and r/primitivetechnology because it was a transitory interest of mine , just like r/mostgilded . 
  also , tons of porn . 
  * r/tightdresses, 
  * r/theratio, 
  [ edit ] this just in : r/engrish, 
  i cryed watching this . 
  i have mixed feelings about the evolution of languages ; one one hand i feel bad about not creating specific words to suit the need for neologisms on our native languages and including vulgar language on our daily speak , but on the other one , i ca n't picture myself speaking old english or old spanish . 
  automod enforces the constitution of the shit americans say subreddit . 
  [ the poem of mio cid in old spanish ] ( http://es.slideshare.net/aureagarde/cantar-mio-cid-castellano-antiguo ) looks like a mixture of modern spanish and ... italian ? 
  but nothing beats beowulf . 
  seriously , you may have some trouble reading el mio cid , but beowulf is completely illegible unless you can read swedish , german and english . 
   / r/ghostnipples really interests me for some reason . 
  so , this is what people mean when they 're talking about `` sexy accents '' ? 
  brazzers should purposefully buy this and re-size it to fit one of their actresses . 
  of course , you 'd expect the next scene to be a very specific one . 
  [ arnold ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srh-ywpz1_i ), 
  she might as well give it a try at the ufc . 
  perhaps she 's better suited for that sport than soccer . 
  just like [ another american goalkeeper is best suited for politics ] ( http://cdn1.vox-cdn.com/assets/4699726/timhoward.png ) . 
  not like here . 
  here everything is soft ... and smooth ( [ like your perfect tits which i 'm staring at , in case you had n't noticed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tlf1jo5bve#t=0m13s ) ), 
  that time when they submitted pedo clickbait for the lulz ... 
  seriously , their english is so bad it might just provoke a police investigation . 
  [ meanwhile , at the border major 's association meeting ], 
  ok people , heads up . 
  i now present to you the list of new names for american cities :, 
  the city by the bay is to be called saint francis , now . 
  we 're also considering to change the capital city of california to `` the angels '' although we consider it 's too catholic so we might as well change it to summerland or glenndale , i do n't know . 
  if someone comes up with a better name , i 'm all ears . 
  edit : muh geography knawlege . 
  well , he can sure as hell attribute the quesarito to the us . 
  i accept that mexican food might not be the healthiest , but that hyper-sized , heart stroke inducing culinary abortion is not ours . 
  not by a longshot . 
  and now it 's spangled ... 
  if you 're german , then i do n't understand that mindset . 
  germany has been a cornerstone of human development and it 's been full of important historical figures in science , politics , engineering , economics , etc. 
  it has also bequeathed a great deal of cultural heritage to the world . 
  granted , it provoked the largest , cruelest bloodshed that the world has ever seen ( and that was due to a plethora of complicated circumstances ; one of which was a global meltdown due to an american recession ) , but that lasted for a very short time in comparison to the existance of the germanic settlements . 
  wwii is not to be forgotten , but it ca n't be the source of perennial shame ; less so in a country as great as germany . 
  [ end of rant ], 
  the funniest thing about this comment is that there is actually a sad version of that song . 
  and that my friends is why you have to fact check before commenting . 
  my bad . 
   the 7 united provinces of the netherlands, 
  american t.v taught me that when the king dies , all those provinces will engage in bloody wars to seize the absolute power . 
  you know your country is great when you can replace history books with an hbo prime time television show . 
  likely said by a person whose knowledge of rio derives from fast & furious 5 and the missions `` takedown '' and `` the hornets nest '' from mw2 . 
  i 'm lucky to have seen those/been there . 
  wonderfully formatted comment . 
  as an intp who has somehow improved his se out of necessity i 'd advise driving and paying attention to object features ( e.g : to dress well you should pay attention to clothing design and colors . 
  you can use colors and contrast to direct attention to a good-looking part of your body ) . 
  turmoil in your country ? 
   a bunch of people died . 
  9/11 joke, 
   you monster !, 
  one of the frontrunners wants to plainly ban all muslims from entering ( i think american muslims who were on vacation would also be forbidden from entering if they were abroad ) the us . 
  if my memory does n't fail me , i recall cruz wanted police to patrol muslim neighborhoods , and philando castille was not a good omen of what happens when minorities perceived as dangerous by white fanatics meet with police . 
  and then there 's the case of the man harrasing a muslim woman by `` escorting '' her to a mosque with his open-carried rifle ( featured in our wonderful sliding banner ) . 
  perhaps this girl should n't look for relations beteween muslims and the us government in order to prevent an aneurism . 
   it 's about 47 % of the uneducated, 
  [ funny you said that ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2gvy2wqi7m ), 
  american student * actually * steals japanese property and leaves unpaid debt for a service they enjoyed . 
  oh , but god forbid mexicans from overstaying their visas , abiding by american law ( except for their initial dirty little secret ) and paying taxes !, 
   muslims only make up 1 % of the us , but if you watched fox news , you 'd think that shakira law is coming and that there are no-go zones america . 
  that 's actually true .
