  i knew they were smug as fuck , but not religious at all . 
  hint that not all women are oppresed flowers in srd and perhaps your luck might change . 
  and once again , the paradox of the island of sajalin kicks in : an island that is very close to the japanese archipielago full of `` ethinic japanese '' who are russian ... 
  trump supporters hijacked his sabbaton song , go figure . 
  he played upon that demographic because of sheer political gain . 
  the pulse massacre was the best thing that could ever happen to him int the race for the race for the presidency . 
  after that event * eeeeeverybody * was in support of gay people , and the politically correct ( ironic , is n't it ? ), 
  thing to do was to stand up for them . 
  trump capitalized on that despite initially fucking it up with an insensitive `` i called it '' on twitter . 
  the rainbow contains some of the colors on the visible light spectrum ; the invisible wavelenght before the color red is known as * infra * red and the one after violet is * ultra * violet . 
  so purple on top ? 
  i thinks that 's an overly catastrophic way to look at it , but i fear the us will go backwards on many things that ( in my conception ) made it great within trump 's rule . 
  which is a shame , because there are many humble and nice americans out there who are willing to fight for a better world and will probably have an unncessarily rough time . 
  i know , but that 's the way they feel . 
  well , i see your point , then . 
  too bad ( or maybe great ? ), 
  mr. powell is not in office anymore to stand up to his words . 
  but `` infra '' kind of sounds like bottom , while `` ultra '' sounds like `` beyond '', 
  i really do n't understand americans and their racial hatred . 
  it 's not like they live in the absolute worst poverty in the world to be this violent . 
  u/jebusgobson , we need confirmation of this statement . 
  i think the fair thing would be to narrow the demographic a little bit :, 
  it 's not any or every american who says this , and certainly not every single trump voter or supporter who thinks like this . 
  it 's just the subset of the most far right americans . 
  it 's worth noting that it was a reasonable assumption to think/feel that such fringe group would never come to power and yet , due to some major change within the inner us political framework , and through the abuse of the electoral college they managed to nail it . 
  [ superman did it ] ( http://comicsalliance.com/files/2011/04/superman-citizenship-1303916053.jpg ) . 
  i ca n't blame them . 
  it produces way too many cool movies and videogames . 
  the cold war is why cod exists and cod is the reason why i 'm learning russian . 
  afterthought at the begining : please do n't take my ramblings as a personal attack , because that 's not my intention . 
  i did n't check the stats , but i assume you 're talking about voting age americans . 
  can we stop resenting them anyway ? 
  trump being a serious candidate shows how public opinion was massively screwed in the first place , and how the system is outrageously obsolete . 
  it 's not their fault trump was elected . 
  besides , not only did he win , but republicans took everything along with him . 
  i think that shows how much they manipulated public opinion and capitalized on public discontent and mistrust for hillary . 
  ruminating on what made trump win wo n't take anybody anywhere , except maybe for some puzzled sociologists . 
  it 's not that the democrats were indifferent or our lord and savior bernie sanders did n't win : it 's just that republicans , despite being reluctant at first , took advantage of the political situation and went all in for populism , which paid off . 
  [ i like how batman looks ] ( https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcqxv0oslbvoiwa1hfdb66ipqjn4zli0r7y8lk5ylbdx6jvkgem_docvlzyd ), 
  compared to europe , but you 've got to agree with that person that the us indeed has a standard of living that 's a dream for most of the world . 
  speaking of income , mainly . 
  germany is bad because they lost ? 
  holy shit , i just realized that i need to travel to russia at least once in my lifetime and perpare myself a smoothie of the snowy elixir of morality and justice . 
  not so long ago , there was a thread in which fox news used an image of the pyrothecnics market explosion in mexico as an image of berlin . 
  so i guess we 're not so different after all , huh , amigo ? 
  because not so many countries can claim to have a general standard of living higher than the us median ( if that can be trusted in the first place ) . 
  claiming that most of the world shares a reality similar to western europe is simply unrealistic . 
  a pulse of irony . 
  i 've never dug much into her biography . 
  what an intimidating high-achiever !, 
  [ and killing loudmouth , record-breaking `` heroes '' ] ( xzhdskqpoy1etzzqtmarc07utvpffxp4vdfszlzml2bxvz4xeiq1a ), 
  some mexicans like me do n't celebrate but instead * commemorate * st. patricks day to honor the memory of john riley and his deserter squad . 
  the homeland remembers its heroes . 
  why do n't we stick to the official un hdi list and see where the us stands ? 
  it 's certainly not number one - and we know it - but there are about 120 countries and i 'm pretty sure the us should be at least in the top 10 % . 
  that 's not fair and you know it . 
  pollsters in america are some of the most precise in the wolrd and they failed to predict tump 's victory . 
  trump himself was already talking about how `` rigged '' the system was . 
  everybody was shock when some of the most important states `` betrayed '' hillary . 
  even trump himself looked like he needed time to process he won . 
  this took everybody by surprise . 
  there were people who were busy with their personal emergencies on voting day , there were children and very senior people . 
  none of them deserve to get their healthcare slashed because of the narrow opinions of some of their fellow countrymen . 
  if anything , it 's * those * whose fanaticism allowed trump to even be a serious contender on the primaries the ones to `` blame '' and even then , that 's how democracy works and populism is a natural pitfall of it . 
  ] ( https://www.okchicas.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/comida-mexicana-17.jpg ), 
  this post deserves waaay more upvotes . 
  well i agree that , as humans , we all deserve western european style healthcare coverage and we should all strive to achieve that , but i was just pointing out that at the present moment , the sas is reasonably true and maybe we should n't mock it that hard . 
  well , then . 
  it 's at the top 20 % . 
  there 's still a very long way down and except for canada , israel , japan and australia , no country from a continent other than europe fares better than the us , hence my point : the us is definitely not a dreamland , but the world is in really bad shape compared to europe and it 's unrealistic to think that the world shares those living standards , therefore i do n't consider the american 's comment shitty at all . 
  and yes , there is much room for improvement for both the world , and the us itself . 
  i 'm not being complacent . 
  edit : why is n't the uae shown on the list ? 
  that would be so satisfying , but so dumb at the same time ... 
  his opinions and statements could become official policy now , so i think it 's sensible to criticize him before he takes action . 
  you are seeing a headstart to church and state coming together . 
  also , i do n't get why the `` muslim hordes '' are percieved as the real danger but the alt-reich does n't think poorly of the russian hooligans who actually trained to be able to out-brawl british hooligans at the last euro cup . 
  ~ ~ the most ironic part of this is that it happened in poor little paris . ~ ~, 
  lol at my fact-checking . 
  it was on marseille . 
  it 's ok . 
  if you have liberal values , you 're about to see all of your political views teared apart by seemingly fanatic republicans who want to pander to a base that oftentimes does n't even share `` conservative values '' , but just hates your guts ; so they voted for everything you stand against just to piss you off , failing to notice how important those issues are . 
  i stand in empathy towards you . 
  neither do i , but political parties in the us have a fixed agenda and you have to vote one way or the other , there 's no middle ground . 
  but i think this radicalized people not to become passionate liberals or conservatives , but passionate republicans or democrats . 
  i only remember the filte fish . 
  hey faab imma kill you !, 
  utah . 
  the current header themes are muh europe , muh diversity , muh moon , muh military and muh 2nd . 
  i 'd like to see `` muh bootstraps . '', 
  op has a point , though . 
  we love to think that america * always * bathes its veterans in praise , but it 's likely that there are some places here and there ( basically like here ) where veterans are looked down upon without proper judgement . 
  yes , we know that america is no `` stabilizing force '' and it 's laughable to say that it 's morally driven ; but it 's just as blind to praise them without question and saying hyperbolic shit than to claim that the us army * always * breaks havoc and brutally kills innocent people and every single one of its members are guilty for its crimes just for belonging to it . 
  of course we 'll always remember the negative , emotionally charged moment with righteous indignation ( like when obama sent drone strikes to hospitals ) , but it 's unfair to say that the us army has n't had * any * positive impact in the wolrd or that * every * servicemen is a gun toting racist yearning for the chance to `` legally '' kill some aye-rabs . 
  because neil armstrong was america 's way to say sorry for not giving birth to \u042e\u0440\u0438\u0439 \u0413\u0430\u0433\u0430\u0440\u0438\u043d . 
  this has to become a political cartoon . 
  sometimes , i get downvoted just like you for breaking the circlejerk , it 's normal to lose focus once in a while and we 've all done it at some point . 
  try not getting so passionate , though . 
  we 're here to have fun . 
  congratulations on being brave enough to stand for your beliefs even in the face of family scorn ( namely , the most painful one ) .
