  the brains of the people who is struggling to see results and getting depressed as a consequence work in a different way than `` normies '' . 
  now , just watching the part of the black guy is painful enough ( for what i 've read , cringing starts in the same region of the brain that controls * physical pain * ) . 
  could you tell me where to skip so that we see how he succeeds or something ? 
  doing what 's right -- gamewise -- makes us cringe , and we avoid cringing like hot girls avoid fat guys because the pain of it is very hard to bear and it 's likely that it hits us harder than most people . 
  that 's why we 're not hitting girls like we should ; that 's probably why the fear of failure grab holds us so hard . 
  exposing ourselves to failure with women is like telling people to overcome their phobias by exposing themselves to what they 're afraid of : it could work , but most of the time you 'll traumatize the patient . 
  it 's a vicious circle : going out-failing because of social awkwardness-retreating into yourself-feeling miserable for :, 
  * not achieving what you want or expect from yourself, 
  * not achieving what society expects from you, 
  * feeling like your youth is slipping away from your hands and there 's nothing you can do about it, 
  then getting hopes of improving and going out to repeat everything and adding yet more layers of self-hate for not achieving . 
  i would suggest for these people if they truly want to cut out such circle , to pay a visit to a psychiatrist to make sure their brains are ok ; once that 's taken care of then it 's possible to proceed to `` gaming '' or whatever . 
  if all else fails , make sure your body complies with the golden ratio proportion for men . 
  a heartwarming thought indeed . 
  it 's not like `` i do n't want to have feelings because i want to be a perfect intp stereotype '' . 
  it 's more like : i ca n't bear with this shit anymore . 
  or who knows , perhaps i can ; it 's just a matter of hardening more . 
  even if you see it in terms of functions it 's not fe what 's bugging me . 
  if anything it 's fi ( well , also fe , but more fi right now ) . 
  yes . . it was a problem , so i created an algorithm to know if i should apologize or not :, 
  * did i physically hurt or invade someone 's intimate space because of social awkardness ? 
  * did i really wrong someone ? 
  if the answer is yes to any of those situations , then the correct action is to apologize ( my autocorrect says it 's spelled with `` z '' , so i religiously stick to that ) . 
  when apologizing , it 's better to do it once and apologize sincerely than apologizing profusely , as it sounds more sincere and not submissive ( stupid social rule that stems from thousands of years of evolution , i did n't make that up ) . 
  i am a man who likes being a man and is sexually attracted to women , biologically speaking ; socially speaking i really do n't know if i can call myself a man . 
  but i do n't even know what that 's supposed to be in the first place : if a character from sex and the city tailored for woman 's expectations or a violence caricature like [ kratos ] ( http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/scale_medium/3/38952/1525102-kratos_rendering_concept.jpg ) . 
  but it does n't matter anymore , the root of all my problems is allocated in feeling , so an interest of mine is to kill them . 
  i 'm a man , mexican ( i 'd have already killed myself if i was american ) , `` smart '' , underachieving for the most part , handsome yet unattractive , i like latin music though i suck at dancing , i like 80 's music and many awesome soundtracks . 
  i 'm lost in my own mind too , i 'm very imaginative . 
  i 'm a struggling student of engineering and i have seen how my confidence in myself plummeted and the consequences that has had in my life , yet it 's difficult for me to pick up my pieces , even though i 've had a very easy life ; privileged you could say . 
  i like reading , and i read mostly about psychology and stuff like that . 
  i have a cat , i live alone , i 'm 23 just about turning 24 . 
  i like videogames ; they were an essential part of my childhood . 
  i consider myself a progressive and a `` leftist '' but i hate sjw bullshit : luckily that has n't hit mexico yet . 
  suddenly i ca n't think about anything else to share with you . 
  thank you . 
  yours is a refreshing insight . 
  [ \u266b take this thing into overtime \u266b ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9fimc2lor8#t=1m2s ), 
  come on man ( or lady ) , you can do it !, 
  just one moaaar !!!!, 
  i do n't know you personally , but as an intp i 'm sure you 've done heroic saves like these before . 
  less than 1 page left , 1 +1 / 2 hour . 
  do it !, 
  i 've considered that . 
  i do n't know ; perhaps i am . 
  never the less sometimes we have to step back and watch a broader panorama and remember that we 're not our mbti typw , it 's just that mbti is a tool that is useful to describe us so we can take minor action that produces great changes to our lives . 
  i 'm actually thinking about sucking it up and tell my grandma i do n't want to go to her `` pre-christmas '' dinner . 
  i love her , but i hate her manipulation . 
  i get you brother/sister , i do . 
   i like dogs though , if i could get one that does n't shed or drool or gnaw my stuff , goes to eat/poop/pee somewhere else and is totally independent in every way , i 'd probably take one like that . 
  yeah , they 're called `` cats '' ( they do tear your stuff apart if they like to sharpen their claws there , though ) . 
   but until this is n't a thing , i stick to human pets . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlomwwuo_ee ), 
  hello , female version of me !, 
   i guess this is why most girls do n't ask guys out in the first place . 
  i think that 's because society has just opened up drastically and our primitive minds have n't really caught on with it . 
   but a year of frequent rejection makes it seem pointless . 
  i started the same endeavor in last year 's january . 
  i feel you girl . 
  i went to see my psychologist today and she told me that she sees that in my lust for knowledge , i label myself a lot ; thus limiting myself . 
  she advised me not to think and just act . 
  think about it : have you ever done something easily in a determined situation but you would never do it in another ? 
  if you think about it , it does n't quite make sense , you just justified it , you rationalized it so it was acceptable to you . 
  i was looking for another post and i stumbled into [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/intp/comments/2upy70/i_have_noticed_a_disturbing_trend_here/ ) . 
  why not giving it a read ? 
  could you shed some energy so the humankind can benefit on it ? 
  if it makes you feel better , i read 3 different book on body language and i 'm still oblivious . 
  * either girls do n't like me physically ( most likely not at many women have told me i 'm attractive ), 
  * or i still ca n't read body language properly ( damn , i memorized anything and i try to be observational ! ), 
  * or women have even managed to conceal their body language . 
   not every contacted person will contract the disease, 
  could you elaborate , please ? 
  he believes he can fly , too ... 
  cats are intelligent and resourceful ; i do n't know why 'd you call them `` retarded '' . 
  besides , they 're low maintenance and can bring happiness to your life , so actually you 're right : effort to satisfaction ratio is low , whereas it 's reciprocal -- satisfaction to effort -- is quite high !, 
  upvoted for the laughs !, 
  you 're being very negative . 
  i thought the same about pets until the time a mouse came into my house and i panicked . 
  did you know that a cat is the best mice repellent out there ? 
  yes , i know , it has it 's downsides , but the very fact that they 're attracted to the sandbox to defecate/urinate is great ; my cat learned to use her sandbox at day 2 . 
  my mom did n't train her dogs and they excrete everywhere they can . 
  so no training required . 
  as for destroying furniture , if you get a cat used to specific toys for that and they like it , perhaps you can make your furniture more lasting ( but i do n't know because i never got one and i hardly mind the teared apart curtains ) . 
  intp here : although this is not my case , i 've read that some people in r/intp say they can be vindictive . 
  stereotypically speaking about women , this could be the case ; so be careful . 
  intps are not droids , we have feelings deep inside , and when we unleash them they are a tsunami , so be mindful about the possibility of unknowingly opening the gate of tartarus ( just be assertive during breakup ; if she 's not very mature the fact that you 're leaving her for her cousin can come off as betrayal on both parts , assuming she agrees ) . 
  well , under that logic , dogs are worse poop-producing machines than cats will ever be . 
  when i spoke about mice i said they were a * repellent * more than a trap ( even though they can function as a trap to kill existent mice ) . 
  personally i 'll take a repellent over a killer ( though i recognize some dogs are superb mice hunters ) any day ; but if you can have both at the same time , why not ? 
  til to never confront a dog lover . 
  just curious : how would you define a `` human pet '' ? 
  could you elaborate ? 
  if you mean that women are unfit for warfare , i 'd have my reserves about that . 
  true ; speaking about peak human physique women have lesser maximum physical capacities than men ( that 's the reason why there are men 's and women 's categories for any sport ) but warfare is not fought with swords anymore , but with rifles that even children can fire , so what 's your point ( i 'm not attacking you , just curious ) ? 
  if life was a call of duty game ... 
  i see , i appreciate your comment . 
  my point was that perhaps we could try a cold turkey approach : no sex desires , no sex-related problems , which could be a huge boost ; so huge it 's almost a necessity for survival . 
  nobody needs sex for survival ( yet this is more obvious in women than in men ) but the deprivations of sex seems to have strong consequences in men than in women , so some people are so deep down the abyss they have lost confidence in themselves , not being able to improve whatsoever and further repelling females . 
  when did we become so needy for sex ? 
  when did it become the holy grail ?
