  op , was this picture taken from the tultepec fireworks market explosion ? 
  i like to hold on to the thought that the us political system is not nearly as corrupt nor donald trump is nearly as intelligent enough for that to happen . 
   what ? 
  now on top of getting political messages everywhere else i am getting them in my video games now ? 
  and having their usage green lighted by the government , who is encouraging the practice by giving both tacit and explicit approval ? 
  where does the madness end ? 
  i love the way how only left wing propaganda is propaganda and removing it harms nobody , while spreading right wing propaganda is a protected human right and removing it is the start of the age of censorship and abuse . 
  yep . 
  but op repeatedly stated that he or she is brazilian ... 
   he might have born in brazil , but he did n't live there for long . 
  ahhh , the jessie rogers effect ... 
  both interpretations are correct , it 's just that `` in the middle '' makes more sense within that context . 
  `` my ma and i really hate blacks . 
  your opinion ? '', 
  best answer : `` i hate them too . '', 
  does fox news have an audience outside the us ? 
  they were n't thinking . 
  i was actually afraid to take a dive into the comment section . 
  how could n't they see this video * itself * is racist and , if anything just confirms further every prejudice that rightists have against social justice warriors ( and it goes * against * the sjw 's beliefs to begin with !, 
  because you implied that fox news watchers are american and i thought that is is possible that they could have a large audience outside the us . 
  [ niggaz do n't know what i put-in . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydilq3_lske#t=35s ), 
  so ... are you good at cyber ? 
  you are moving [ where ] ( https://youtu.be/jvumv1n7egm#t=37s ) ? 
  this is a wound that this sub loves to keep it open : yes , the us is not bigger than europe , but that does n't take out the fact that the us is huge and europe is made of many comparatively small countries . 
  the german language is awesome , but if there 's one -- slightly valid -- reason to not learn it is that all of those spicy downfall memes would lose their charm , since the way hitler scolds his generals is actually extremely serious if you understand german or have the legit subtitles activated . 
  as a mexican , i 've always found it difficult to understand iberian spanish . 
  they do have some great comedy skits , though . 
  this article itself looks like propaganda to me . 
  i see . 
  thanks !, 
  sounds plausible . 
  as a native speaker of spanish , i 've never faced such hardships while learning english ; but then again , most of my learning was done impersonally through a nintendo console while in mexico . 
  do you live in the us ? 
  i 've read that americans have a very negative attitude towards language learning , but i have n't been there so i ca n't make my mind about it . 
  piracy for the win . 
  when merica takes over the internet over their precious hollywood copyright , i 'll weep more for the books than for the porn . 
  so much for founding fathers ' federalism and staunch anti-monarchism . 
  we know . 
  i 've met a handful of americans in real life ( baby boomers , actually ) and they 've all been sweet as an apple pie . 
  but for all of those who have never been in the country , i believe it 's important to acknowledge that those rowdy types exist and they are out there ; the value in this is not to implement a discriminatory measure against americans at large , but to not have a bitter surprise if we ever run into one of them . 
  well , to be fair , pretty much everybody knows mexico as `` mexico '' , which is the reason why caleder\u00f3n tried to simplify its official name in the end of his tenure as president . 
   here in mexico, 
  [ mfw ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lman5kqgpq1qhb4vgo1_400.jpg ), 
  english does have a clear handicap as the worldwide lingua franca though , which is that its pronunciation is frustratingly irregular ; a problem that is hardly found in spanish . 
  do n't get discouraged !, 
  i 'm learning russian and some folks at r/russian shared [ an awesome pronunciation dictionary ] ( https://es.forvo.com/ ) with me ; why do n't you give it a try ? 
  yeah , there are assholes and nice people all over the world ; it 's just that social media is dominated by americans , so the american assholes can be really loud at times . 
  i think that 's a problem within social media in general ; being polite is just not entertaining . 
  and i thought rand paul was the sensible republican option ... 
  would he be worse than donald trump though ? 
  the word will never know ... 
  no , no , no ... the second amendment is not the solution to our problems , check this out :, 
  america snuggles a bunch of * traceably marked * guns to mexico so the cartels can have them and once america knows exactly where they 're hiding mexico can coordinate an attack and boom !, 
  no more druglord problem !, 
  i shall name this genious operation `` xxx '' after the awesome action film actor vin diesel . 
  el cartel de jalisco nueva generaci\u00f3n is a cartel that launched under the name `` los mata zetas '' ( the zeta killers ) ; if i recall correctly , they even put up a youtube video explaining that they were a paramilitary `` self-defense group '' ( known as `` autodefensas '' in mexico ) tasked with eliminating the cartel of los zetas to bring peace to jalisco . 
  who could have known that they were after those sweet sweet drug businesses to become the most dominant cartel in jalisco ? 
  they seemed so righteous ... 
  this is a repost of the coal rolling article ; i thought it had something to do with the recent repeal of obamacare . 
  i admire americans for a lot of things , but i ca n't fathom how some elements of their culture gave way to this brand of stupidity . 
  no longer available ... 
  not only are you gorgeous , but the photographer that took it seems to know about composition and lighting . 
  congrats to both !, 
  if pepsi says a woman is perfect , he 's caught my attention . 
  so did i. 
  when i first read your comment i immediately thought about the gagsden flag . 
  problem the problem is that it 's an * imperfect union * ; unlike that beloved , god-blessed , country south of that wasteland called canada . 
  scruffy-looking nerf herder ? 
  mexican chiming in . 
  we just love to have all kinds of excuses to throw parties , but what 's the ** one ** holiday in which nobody throws a party ? 
  independece day , maybe ? 
  nope , it 's 5 de mayo ( aka batalla de puebla ) , and ` mericans throw a * huuuuge * party with margaritas and stuff while we have those solemn re-enactments and remembrances of the battle . 
  i do n't think they even know what happened that time , or how it relates to them , or even where puebla is , but hell ; we have halloween here too because fuck it , candies taste good and dressing in costumes is fun . 
  i think they celebrate those holidays with the same idea in mind . 
  i did enjoy your text wall , though . 
  germania is also the russian pronunciation . 
  you clearly have n't read the one about the scandinavian , high german kaiser , fresian mini-emperor , have you ? 
  or that omar mateen , who caused the deadliest murder spree in the history of the us , did it with a gun he bought * legally * . 
  i made myself go through the entire thing . 
  do n't . 
  my eyes literally hurt right now . 
  i wonder if there 's a male capable of reaching the amount of rpms that this machine hits . 
  if we knew how many rpms this machine was set to , i think we could compute how much energy was spent on doing this . 
  what would be the equivalent in terms of a common human activity ? 
  would penetrating a girl at that rate ( just for a minute , like shown on the video ) match the energy spent on an entire amateur basketball match ? 
  what i love about fucking machines videos is that it seems to me thar the girls do n't even act , they simply let go and the squiting is telling of that . 
  so a surefire way to bring pleasure to these girls seems to be penetrare them slowly and then steadily increasing the rpms to an insane level for some solid 90 seconds until orgasm , but i do n't even know if it 's possible . 
  actually , even though not so many people here know or care about st. patrick 's day we do have a reason to conmemorate : the remembrance of john riley and the rest of the st. patricks battallion during the american invasion of 1846 . 
  source ? 
  scalia actually validated that . 
  in his opinion , the right to keep and bear arms was already a `` birthright '' of all americans and it was implied that they were already entitled to that right ; the regulated militia was just an important , `` practical '' application of historical relevance that deseved a special mention to enrich the ammendment 's text . 
  which seems like a load of bullshit to my uneducated self , but i acknowledge he was the legal scholar and the rest of the consevative justices thought alike and voted in favor , so i guess that part should be settled by now ... 
  i do n't think they even give a damn about the bill of rights ; how is the patriot act compatible with the 4th amendment ? 
  could an average american mention what does the 9th amendment say ? 
  usually , they mention something about guns being used to protect freedom of speech . 
  ok , then ... why are n't gun owners facing the heavily militarized police harrassing the peaceful protestors at standing rock ? 
  after all , it 's the precious freedom of speech that it 's at stake . 
  yes , they 're killing each other ... much like protestants and catholics back in the day , it 's just that after so much devastating war , europe decided that some peace for a change was welcome ; especially after the industrial scale warfare on both world wars , and the newly found possibility to exterminate entire populations . 
  yes , the acid thing was really appalling , but the status of women all over the world except for some developed countries within the christendom is generally terrible on low-income areas , where practices such as being sold or extreme domestic violence are not uncommon ; they 're just missing the scary headpiece ( that many muslim women wear in a completely voluntary way ) .
