  ( let alone effective ), 
  in mathematics , a vector is `` normal '' to a plane when it is [ orthogonal to any vector contained in the plane ] ( http://developersweb.co.uk/images/stage7.jpg ) ( symbolized by the blue arrow in the image ), 
  could it be that the word `` normal '' in `` normal personality '' as described in this paper have a different meaning than `` standard '' ? 
  if not , thank god my intphood . 
  that was no moon . 
  it was a space station . 
  but it was so beautiful you could call it imperial peace moon . 
  you can clearly see the nearby trooper 's attitudes like :, 
  `` dude , seriously ? 
  now ? '', 
  i live in mexico . 
  where do you live ? 
  interesting !, 
  but i think in order to factor the morphic resonance for a relevant skill or habit that skill has to be around for quite a while , does n't it ? 
  perhaps centuries at least . 
  dammit . 
  recalling previously stated rules counts as disrespect ? 
  what is this , north korea ? 
  there is a difference between respect , honor and fear . 
  i consider your testimony very valuable . 
  knowing that mbti and typology is not the end-all and be all and considering it 's still in development , i 'm gon na leave this copy paste from the book `` the 16 personality types '' by dr. a.j drenth , which coincidentally takes the inxp dichotomy as an example :, 
  the inferior function is also a common culprit in type misdiagnoses . 
  for, 
  instance , an infp in the grip of her inferior function ( te ) is more apt to, 
  mistake herself for a thinking ( e.g. , intp ) or judging type ( e.g. , infj ) than if, 
  identifying more strongly with her dominant fi . 
  unfortunately , the confusion, 
  caused by the inferior function and other confounding factors has caused many, 
  people to prematurely give up on typology or dismiss it as unscientific . 
  in working to avoid traps and pitfalls of the inferior function , many people will, 
  try a `` cold turkey '' approach , denying and eschewing the inferior at all costs . 
  but just as we can not live without food , we can not ignore the needs and, 
  desires of the inferior function . 
  we need the inferior function . 
  it is a part of we, 
  are . 
  we can not achieve wholeness without it . 
  the trick is to identify and, 
  develop effective means of handling and integrating it . 
  we learn these valuable, 
  lessons through experiences and insights gained over the course of type, 
  development . 
  your neat and orderly exposition of ideas already sounds j. 
  now comes the fun part . 
  so you 've organized priorities , did n't you ? 
  now stick to the plan hehehe . 
  seriously now , i hope you do stick to your plan , keep reporting , every experience is valuable to learn from . 
  oh ... come on . 
  i just detached myself from the red pill . 
  ( fun fact : [ the most bigoted subreddit according to a data analyst ] ( http://idibon.com/toxicity-in-reddit-communities-a-journey-to-the-darkest-depths-of-the-interwebs/#easy-footnote-bottom-3 ) ), 
  i do n't know how it works in the usa but in mexico , using any law enforcement uniform ( or any official signifier of it such as badge , pants , boots or even jackets ) without proper identification is a serious federal offense known as `` identity supplanting '' . 
  you did what was right op . 
  the grand moff sent me on a mission right after i graduated . 
  i hold nothing but the greatest admiration for such an excellent , capable commander and leader . 
  my journey was : pua books - foul experience - on reddit [ seddit/fpua - trp - mgtow ( unconsciously ) - mgtow ( consciously ) - forever alone - intp . ], 
  which was yours ? 
  where do you live ? 
  i 'm mexican and i have never experienced the `` shaming for being inferior '' behavior , but i agree on being on most of the rest , obviously taken with a pinch of salt and conscious that is a useful lie . 
  i struggled a great deal with calculus , but now i 'm cleared of that course [ i think to myself ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5twt69i1lu#t=0m26s ) `` what took me so long ? '', 
  and i 'm actually able to appreciate it 's beauty now . 
  differential equations was actually fun , but partial differential equations was a bloody nightmare . 
  the `` no shields , all guts '' one hit me so hard ... needless to say why . 
  i have found on my career that some subjects are better like `` use the formula and shut up '' while on other it 's impossible to use the formulas correctly if you do n't learn where do they stem from . 
  that 's because calculus does n't stem from trigonometry , it stems from analytical geometry . 
  so if you were one of the types that need to follow a thread to acquire knowledge you got lost there . 
  my problem with math is not so much following a logical procedure to get the stuff done . 
  ( like on derivatives , and integrals and that kind of stuff ), 
  my problem are the ** damn arithmetics/algebra ! ** . 
  do n't laugh yet , just read : on problems that involve a shit ton of arithmetics and algebra it 's easy to miss a symbol ( oopsie daysi , wrote negative instead of positive ! ), 
  and in those kind of problems the slightest mistake can lead to a 30 min . 
  problem resolution total waste . 
  for people who studied structural engineering , you know what i 'm talking about . 
  yes , but you will not be able to alleviate the suffering of most people . 
  if you manage to alleviate the suffering of 10 people in your life , you can consider yourself lucky . 
  my rationalization of this problem gets summarized on this sentence :, 
  there is so much violence , injustice and crimes against humanity happening in the world that , if you cared about them all , you would lose your sanity or die from sorrow . 
  needless to say this should n't prevent you from joining an ngo if it 's your passion to help people . 
  how did you come to the conclusion he is an estj ? 
  if you refer to the white guy he did n't show much of a t , in my opinion . 
  but who does when extremely drunk ? 
  depends on the educational level you 're into , and on your country/school . 
  if you 're in middle/high school i 'd say go for it . 
  in college is not acceptable anymore . 
  ( this is especially important if your in stem ) i 'm in college , and when i need to report a lab practice and i hardly know where to start researching , i check wikipedia , because i can get an idea of how the phenomenon works and when i check more rigorous sources it becomes easier to understand them . 
  i rely more on books , honestly those are my primary source , secondary source : internet articles . 
  but i do this with care , always checking the paper i 'm reading is a research from another university . 
  ( and that is an academic paper , not just some homework a student uploaded ), 
  it also depends what you want your info for . 
  i 'd research about researching if i were to do my thesis as opposed to a lab report/homework . 
  your statements sound [ price ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m7ctqlotxua#t=0m26s ) less . 
  because you 're an intp . 
  the energies that constitute our personalities are very strong , ( just like in any other type , they usually dictate our behavior when we are exposed to a problem or situation we have n't experienced before/we do n't know how to handle ) so it 's usually difficult to understand what drives other types . 
  about liking or disliking people , i 've come to think that if you want to take revenge at somebody or want them to hate you , exploit their weaknesses . 
  if you want somebody to like you , use your strengths to support him/her . 
  and if you want somebody to love you , use your strengths to help him/her overcome his/her weaknesses . 
  you touched a sensitive fiber on me . 
  i have a neighbor ( he lives just the next door ) who freaking blasts his music , works on his cars and has some seriously violent discussions with his wife . 
  all of this resonate trough my walls . 
  and i hate it . 
  it also highlights an aspect of myself that i dislike .
