  it 's superb that you 're going to see a professional to get treatment . 
  lots of people never do . 
  meh , it 's hard to speak outright like a native speaker of a given language unless you expose yourself to a ton of media on a regular basis ( which seems like it 's the scandinavian secret to english skills ) . 
  i 'm learning russian by myself via internet , so let 's see how it goes !, 
  \u00a1 sigue intentado !, 
  holy shit !, 
  i 've been spotted !, 
  abort !!, 
  abort ^ -- mission -- now !!, 
  edit : istp !, 
  welcome to r/intp . 
  unlike real life , i love having visitors from other subreddits/types . 
  i hope -- if my stereotype is right -- that your crafty ideas can be enhanced by our posts . 
  i think `` bodega '' does have a translation , though : it 's `` warehouse '' , according to me . 
  true story : my dad is an airplane pilot and most of the trips he makes are within mexico and the us . 
  but sometimes he 's sent far away in latin america : he 's been to bolivia ; buenos , argentina , peru , and venezuela . 
  on the trip to caracas the control tower officers had such a strong accent his co-pilot suggested to use english as the language of communication , so they spoke in english and the landing ended just fine . 
  so you 've got some sort of identity crisis in your life because it 's hard for you to reconcile your ecuadorian upbringing with your canadian and american upbringing and life ? 
  as a mexican admirer of the us i can just say that home is where your heart is . 
   the first four paragraphs , do n't resonate with me, 
  well , that 's because those paragraphs were written to explain my comparison between sin and failure as mental constructs . 
   your post was tl ; dr, 
  i recently decided to unlabel myself of many things ( still having a sense of belonging but just unlabeling ) , so i took my flair out . 
  i self labeled `` text waller '' as a way to poke fun at my bad habit of writing looooong posts ( though i think formatting to make text walls `` skippable '' is liked by the readers . ) . 
  edit : i like your writing . 
  you seem ... somehow edgy . 
  so , canadian girl raised in an american school * in ecuador * . 
  so even though your identity is that of [ canada ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/canadia/ ) you really do n't have a life in canada . 
  my situation is not as extreme as yours but i get a feel of what you mean : i 've lived in 3 different states of mexico ( and mind you , even though all people are mexican , people were different in each of the three ) and each time you move from a city to another there 's a huge change : new house , new friends , new community , new everything . 
  adaptation is not so easy . 
   in canada , everyone is canadian, 
  lol canada is the only foreign country i 've been to , and i went to the western part of canada ( edmonton , saskatchewan , vancouver , victoria , calgary ) . 
  when i saw vancouver i thought : gee , some cities have a chinese neighborhood . 
  vancouver must have a * canadian * neighborhood . 
  i was impressed by the amount of asian signs on businesses . 
  you seem much more knowledgeable about power than me . 
  i was talking about personal empowerment . 
  on an individual scale , skill enables you to have more control over your direct environment : so the more skilled you are , the less you depend on outer factors that can influence your life . 
  true , you can not control what the government does , but in the case there was a war and i became a refugee , i think speaking english certainly does give me an edge over the people who does n't ( i 'm mexican ) . 
  you 're a citizen of the world , not just limited by the imaginary demarcation that isolates canada from the piece of land called `` the united states of america '' . 
  even so , i find it a little odd : there are foreigners who adopt a cultural identity and become part of it . 
  what prevents you from doing so ? 
  is the sexy dancing latina inside of you pounding your chest to return to ecuador ? 
  if not , what gives ... be who you want . 
  ok , my point with the fourth paragraph is that we limit ourselves because of the conditioning of social constructs ( choose the example you find better ) . 
  example 1 : why do you wear clothes ? 
  unless they have the purpose of covering your skin so that is not damaged by the sun , dust , cold , perhaps rain and other natural phenomena there 's no reason why you should n't live your life naked . 
  out of millions of different species on earth we 're the only ones that use clothing because it 's a social construct . 
  it 's unnatural , yet we still use clothing , even on very hot days because it 's a social limiting . 
  go out naked and you 'll be arrested ( or murdered depending on the piece of land you 're living in ) because at some point in history someone said it was shameful . 
  also , why is it acceptable to show almost all of your skin ( like in a beach ) but cover the crotch ? 
  why are there specifically designated areas to wander like it 's natural ? 
  example 2 : the arab spring, 
  there were tensions building up for decades in that area . 
  all it took to light the match was , ironically a man who doused himself in flammable paint to self-immolate . 
  after that happened people lost it and civil war broke free . 
  why did that particular event triggered that ? 
  why did it not happen before ? 
  some dictators were there for 3 decades already . 
  after that immolation happened , the people had enough and started fighting to challenge the status quo , meaning that the dictators actually never had so much physical power , but rather they were good at constraining the minds of people . 
  example 3 : symbols, 
  how come symbols convey meaning ? 
  they 're just traces of lines joint shaped in a particular way . 
  language structures those symbols to form words that name something . 
  how come [ this set of lines ] ( http://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20140725022404/villains/images/b/b6/nazi_party_logo.jpg ) stir such an emotional response from people ? 
  how about [ this one ] ( http://occupyworldwrites.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/z-islamic-caliphate-flag.jpg ) ? 
  maybe is because our brain has a great power of association . 
  so when you see the nazi symbol , many negative connotations arise in the mind : genocide , war , a totalitarian state the concept of superiority , etc. 
  but in the end it 's lines put together that are assigned meaning . 
  so imagine you 're walking through a beautiful park filled with roses in russia , and the roses are extremely pretty and you want to pick one , disregarding a sign that says : '' \u043d\u0435 \u0437\u0430\u0431\u0440\u0430\u0442\u044c \u0440\u043e\u0437 '', 
  of course the sign does n't mean anything to you , but to russians it means `` do n't pick up the roses '' , so you broke the law accidentally . 
  perhaps , if the sign was in english you would have complied . 
  so , in my perspective , a certain set of liberties and limitations form up culture , so behaviors that are inadmissible in one culture are normal in other . 
  this extends to us as individuals . 
  why would you wear a bikini on the beach but not at church ? 
  why would you laugh in a theater that showcases a comedy play but you 'd be silent in the very same theater if an orchestra played ? 
  those limitations are only on your mind , and we 're so used to being limited that we take those for granted : sometimes creating limitations that are harmful towards our happiness . 
  oh , and you know the thing about chaos ? 
  [ it 's fair !, 
  damn !, 
  that sounds like some fancy cooking !, 
  it 's weird for all of us , but i think it 'll pay off in the end . 
  more than discussing spirituality i linked sin to the sense of failure and self-restraint as a psychological issue . 
  but thanks for the spiritual viewpoint . 
  well , then make yourself at home !, 
  i wrote something [ about smalltalk ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/intp/comments/3w3zn7/is_there_any_value_in_smalltalk/cxu12qj?context=3 ) on another post . 
  smalltalk is important for a reason , so try not to be so harsh with `` normal '' people !, 
  true . 
  you 're a nice canadian girl . 
  go live a life you love , you deserve it . 
  and remember latin america has it 's arms open to you , if you decide to come back . 
  i think i get your point now . 
  you mean there 's a kind of freedom in letting god guide you , rather than trusting yourself to stumble trough earthly matters , am i right ? 
   any intp 's enjoy their drugs just a tad too much ? 
  yes . 
  for what i 'm concerned i 'm kind of addicted only to my endorphines ; so external triggers involve porn , perhaps writing in this subreddit , videogames , some youtube channels , playing with my cat and i think that 's it . 
  involving external chemicals the only one i enjoy is alcohol , but i think it does n't quite function as a drug because i 'm still too self aware , even when drunk . 
  so no liquid courage . 
  did n't fact-check in a logic book but it looks consistent . 
  now , this is some serious formatting .
