  nah , it was actually a fun read ; we 're used to laughing at extreme ignorance and prejudice . 
  i 'm used to writing text walls and i know he must have taken at least an hour and a half to write all of this nonsense , so i teased him by asking `` does this come in tl ; dr version ? '', 
  and he did comply !, 
  i 'm admittedly a terrible troll ( in the sense that i royally suck at trolling ) , but the fact that he did send me why i asked for being so oblivious of the undertone hints that even once he 's past his insecurity issues , he still has a long way to go with developing social skills and `` mind reading '' . 
  i hope you 're saying this in a non-braggadocious way . 
  what if we launch our very own spin-off ? 
  because the one that already exists seems more like butthurt from this one that the idea that you just communicated . 
  that allow them to speak bigly about stuff . 
  europeans may try to copy them , but that 's not gon na happen , folks . 
  i 've always been curious about it : who are the irish catholics ? 
  the people from the r. of ireland or the ones in n. ireland ? 
  [ i miss the good ol' times when religious identification for discrimination was simple ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yellow_badge#islamic_world ) . 
  they would also never attack a female head of state who professes another religion . 
  wait , there is an explosion reflecting on its sunglasses . 
  are stuff exploding all around it ? 
  but it 's not a bald eagle ... 
  this photo shoot was brought to you by adidas . 
  even the name itself is funny . 
  that 's a great idea . 
  it 's probably the brigaders who downvoted you . 
  except for those itty bitty attacks on the wtc and the oklahoma balloon pop . 
  it 's a perfectly valid small talk subject . 
  as long as you talk about it in a way that makes the listener feel comfortable and interested in the interaction , sharing your cultural background is as interesting and normal as disclosing details about your occupation . 
  the thing with the americans featured on this sub is that they are too loud with their `` heritage '' , feel proud of it due to racist ideas that are completely divorced with reality and oftentimes the only thing that ties them to a certain country is ascendance and nothing else . 
  whoa , whoa , whoa ... 
  not even us have that much brigading power . 
  there was a photo shoot about american gun culture posted on this sub and a gun store owner was featured with her quote ( heavily paraphrased by me ) : `` massacres are terrible , but they 're great for business . 
  everybody wants to buy guns after a publicised event out of fear of the government banning them '' . 
  i love how people can shamelessly name a device use to kill people a `` liberator '' . 
  but war is peace , i guess . 
  to be fair she ( if the name of the person who wrote this is actually janet ) has a point : the `` guns do n't kill people , people kill people '' so overused by gun lovers really puts out of perspective the fact that civilians should n't own firearms in the first place ( or have really restricting laws ) , however shooting for sport is a perfectly valid gun use that could be constructive depending on the environment she 's living into . 
  what motivations hide behind that pretty smile ? 
  we 'll never know ... 
  engaging in socializing with other cultures is always risky : you never know when a perfectly normal gesture in your home country is offensive elsewhere . 
  you can dig some information before you travel , but i do n't think you can gather enough to be `` perfectly safe '' . 
  i think the best thing we can do is to be as nice , agreeable and humble as possible about it . 
  you are just as likely to offend somebody raised in another culture by asking about their occupation as making a hand gesture considered inappropriate ( e.g : the `` ok '' hand gesture in brazil , for what i 've read ) . 
  to be fair , it does make sense in that specific context . 
  i was thinking more about the bush doctrine type of war . 
  * axis of evil * is quite striking , though . 
  it uses two very emotionally charged words and at that time , getting the people rallied to support his invasions and the patriot act was critical , so it did have the desired effect for him and his advisors , even if it sounds dumb now ... 
  virtue signaling !, 
  ahhhh ... 
  refreshing sas !, 
  the hyperbole in this comment actually lies in failing to do justice to the us : comparing countries where you could be executed or have your human rights violated by official , openly issued order for not complying , to a country where the problem is that freedoms are abused for having too loose and ambiguous definitions . 
  well , culture evolves for a reason , and it 's logical for the us to make it illegal to ask for those pieces of information in an interview taking into account america 's over-the-top general discrimination . 
  if you have to be humble about your mistakes is because you failed to conform to what 's socially acceptable . 
  i was referring to the notion that not being arrogant about it is your best bet . 
  if we 're talking about pol pot then , how come ? 
  i read the man wanted to turn cambodia into a medieval agrarian communist society ... 
  which does n't sound ` murican at all . 
  bigness and diversity . 
  happy cake day !, 
  do n't forget tacos , our entire diet consists on tacos . 
  fortunately , the americans saw the italian pizza 's thin crust and decided to create the deep dish . 
  then they saw our food and invented the quesarito . 
  such an innovative country . 
  lol you actually created that subreddit . 
  i 've got a video to kickstart it , but you set the sub so only approved members can post . 
  [ the video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zfp6syztnfq ) . 
  what does an empty subreddit about the fetishization of firearms have to do with banning them ? 
  as an hispanic mexican who would like to see the 2nd amendment wiped out wholesale ( and including a later-on systematic disarmament of the population ) , just chill , bro . 
  really , both the house and the senate have a republican majority and the corruption and power of the nra just keeps getting stronger as time goes by . 
  if sandy hook did n't get anything passed , nothing will . 
  massacres are great for gun retailers because sells spike out of fear of the government banning guns , and as trump says : `` it 's not gon na happen , folks '' . 
  relax , the nra 's got your back , 
  besides , even if something got passed , the exaggerated amount of guns already in the us would be a massive problem to deal with . 
  plain and simple banning would work in small countries with low populations who do n't put a cultural prime on them , but the underground trade that would appear in the us because of its fanatical gun culture would make that option not feasible in real terms . 
  like racism , guns will continue to be a problem for the centuries to come , much to your content . 
  the nra has even prevented the cdc from investigating gun violence as a public health issue with scientific grounds ( could it be that they fear science actually predicts it 's much safer for the american public to be disarmed than the likelihood of successful dgu 's ? ) . 
  perhaps if people wanted to make a progress , lifting that ban would be a great start ( rather than going for the hands-on restrictions ) , as reals  feels like many conservatives like to say . 
  also because a comprehensive verifiable , scientific study that any scientifically literate person could understand and check could persuade many of the ideologically unentrenched gun owners to give up their guns for the actual safety of their families . 
  entertain this crazy idea for a while , maybe even comment with your gun friends at the range : when the next massacre happens , why do n't you let democrats get away with banning high capacity magazines or a certain rifle ? 
  if you do want protection , there are dozens of other rifles to perform according to your needs , and most people rely on handguns for cc . 
  the hard blow would be the banning of handguns , but if you let them ban a big , scary rifle , they 'll be contented and virtually nothing will change . 
  give an inch , take a mile . 
  you 're perfectly covered as long as you keep being vocal ( which you 're doing a fine job at ) . 
  russians are da real mvp 's . 
  calling it a quarrel is just me dramatizing . 
  one -- suspected -- user sent one buddy here at sas a fuckload of asian cuck porn . 
  in order to tease him , i said something about the stereotype of asians having small penises . 
  later on , a new account sends me this huge rant . 
  i do n't exactly know what r/aznidentity is , but it strikes me as the asian red pill . 
  well , i brought my race -- in quite a tongue-in-cheek way -- because i wanted to create sort of that `` threat comes from abroad !!! '', 
  feel . 
  but , congrats !, 
  it looks like you 're not a racist , which great . 
  i do n't quite think that violent xenophobes , terrorists and racial supremacists who view people other than whites as sub-human are comparable to people concerned about other people carrying instruments specifically designed for efficient murder . 
  of course , some people are more persistent than others , but you can always read after a massacre a couple of comments disappointed about sandy hook and giving up hope . 
  still , i really do n't get why you 'd want to stock up on guns if you already have them . 
  perhaps it makes sense for the people who do n't have them already or to buy ammunition for your current ones , but buying more when your already have them ? 
  i just have one question for you : if the cdc was able to investigate gun violence and they came with the scientifically backed conclusion that absence of guns vastly outweighs dgu 's ( with everything that implies ) , would you give up your safety blanket ? 
  because if it came up to the opposite conclusion , i 'd gladly ask you and the guys at r/shitguncontrollerssay which is your weapon of choice to get started . 
  w00ster usually writes intelligent comments , lmao . 
  what did you guys say to trigger them so much ? 
  my 6th sense tells me that the person who wrote that comment may not be russian ... 
  the title is somewhat misleading ... 
  i thought he said that recently . 
  bush did harambe . 
  melania or ivana ?
