  abortion ? 
  * women have the right to their own bodies !, 
  * it 's murder !, 
  gun rights ? 
  * gun restrictions will reduce murder !, 
  * totalitarian rule !, 
  climate change ? 
  * we only have one earth !, 
  * all of those coal miners will be unemployed ! / what about the economic competitiveness ? 
  like i said in another reply to this comment , it 's an emotional issue . 
  if this election cycle has taught me anything , is that facts are not required to form entrenched opinions , nor will facts and science change the mind of a heavily indoctrinated person . 
  also , even on the `` right '' side of the argument , there are people who are just as badly indoctrinated and unreasonable as the ones on the factually incorrect side . 
  romney/palin would have been a helluva entertaining combo . 
  that being said , how were ryan and romney opposed to climate change or any other technical issue ? 
  i remember romney being heavily opposed to same-sex marriage , but not to climate change . 
  she looked like a huggable , cool grandma . 
  what did he expect her to look like , sophie dee ? 
  you see , the problem with your statement is that you 're lumping people you disagree with and attribute them features that you do n't even know for certain . 
  and that 's what 's happening on the other side of the coin too : some of them choose to believe people for gun control are all self-righteous millennial social justice warriors whose only purpose is to take away their freedom . 
  the less you fit their stereotype , the less entrenched they will be . 
  so try not to embody that stereotype ( so you do n't validate their beliefs ) and try not to lump people up . 
  even though you feel like you do know what 's happening in their heads , you do n't . 
  she 's not ugly , though . 
  you are assuming a cluster of things about armed people relying only on your biased intuition . 
  they are acting irresponsibly ( no doubt about it ) , but there 's absolutely anything that can give you any clue of racism except what your intuition tells you . 
  do n't you think it 's ironic ? 
  racists ' beliefs are entrenched not because they think that * every * black person is actually dangerous ( a negative attribute related to a normally innocuous condition ) , but because they think that * any * black person * could * be dangerous ; same for the islamophobes , xenophobes , long etc. 
  do n't become what you despise . 
  her back did raise the bar for her , though . 
  what a gorgeous woman . 
  perhaps so many black people show up on that search engine because of the ferguson riots , in which blm was involved , which is a black people organization , and also because of the london riots ; where , again , black people were involved . 
  i do n't think a quick google search is enough evidence to prove them as racist ... 
  it seems like you like lumping people up , but in my book i 'd need to see an explicitly racist statement or symbol to be aware of it ( 14/88 , slurs like `` niggers '' , etc ) . 
  i 'm not trying to `` defend '' them ( maybe you have forgotten already , but i did call them out for their celebration of recklessness and disregard for gun safety ) , but i do find it amusing that you 're already judging me just because i 'm expressing ideas that actually do n't have any real impact in american society whatsoever . 
  dude ( sorry for guessing your gender ... did i get it right ? 
  ) , i 'm just on an internet forum ... 
  by the way , i do n't excuse the worst kind of racists for being the most extreme , i just wanted to point out that some of them are racists because they are approached by sites like stormfront using a facade of level-headedness which is definitely not so overt as direct violence . 
  on the flip side , the very same methods of persuasion could be used to push * any * agenda . 
  the [ hasbara manual ] ( http://www.middle-east-info.org/take/wujshasbara.pdf ) is a good place to start . 
  you have called the strawmen yourself but derailing myself a little to discuss trump , i think it was a low blow to bring that recording to the light . 
  seriously , what 's with getting in sync with politician 's souls ? 
  if i got called out on every time i 've said shit in jest with my friends * in private * , people would look down on me for the ages to come ( probably because of the brand of self-righteousness that you sport ) ; that 's the reason why they 're * private * . 
  and that private conversation leak did n't involve any actual policy or action with real-life consequences for people ( [ unlike this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccd8d1mf1dc#t=33s ) ) , so i do n't think it is of any public interest . 
  if the female electorate wants to be en-garde about trump for something that could actually affect their lives , they probably should pay attention to [ that time when he said that women should be punished for having abortions ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgsttcyn2ri#t=2m8s ) , which is a policy opinion of a presidential candidate who could ( or not ) enforce it upon taking office . 
  but i guess it does n't have nearly enough emotional or entertainment value as `` grab them by the pussy '' , does it ? 
  80 lbs are 36 kilograms . 
  i weighed that when i was around 9 years old ... 
  i like more how her skin shines than how her bikini shines . 
   mexico : you are kidnapped . 
  during negotiations to get you back , you are `` accidentally '' killed . 
  we 're not in the 80 's anymore . 
  i concede that this shit happened during the tenure of l\u00f3pez portillo ( and especially with `` el negro '' durazo , also : no negotiations at all at those cases ) , but not nowadays ; at least not by kidnapping by authorities for lesse-majest\u00e9 reasons . 
  mexico is one of the most dangerous places in the world to be a journalist , that 's true , but that 's because the drug lords have little patience for them exposing their illegal networks . 
  pe\u00f1a nieto himself is gullible of incompetent response on abuse of authority and police negligence , but not on lesse-majest\u00e9 kidnappings and killings . 
  gee ... now this is striking . 
  it would have been hard to explain to the police if the cc shot an unarmed man point blank but on the other hand , any of them could have gotten killed by a stray shot on the struggle . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ maybe not carrying murdering machines is the safe thing to do . 
  oh well , violent fanatics are on both sides , who would have known ... 
  still , i do n't get what 's with the stereotyping ( like in the title ) ; it hurts both parties and it only perpetuates the fanaticism . 
  can we stick to sas and sad , please ? 
  different people cook different recipes because not all of them have the `` right '' ingredients available . 
  yes , i 'm not a fan of the quesarito but it just does n't go with the theme on this sub , and quite frankly i think it makes us look disproportionately judgemental . 
  still , thank you for your contribution . 
  while some users do sport quite the superiority complex ( like responsiblegunpwner ) , i think not lumping people up would lead to more constructive discussions than not stereotyping . 
  e.g : how do people expect trump supporters to not be defensive when they 're lumped up in a negative category ( deplorables ) ? 
  perhaps we should have an easier time if we tried to have honest discussions instead of perpetually defending our morality . 
  just sayin ' . 
  are n't guns murdering machines ? 
  guns marked a new era of warfare where bows and balistas were outclassed . 
  it also changed the way artillery worked forever . 
  it changed tactics which spawned yet more ( and better ) war technology , and is n't the purpose of superior warfare to murder more efficiently ? 
  is n't that the reason why having a professional army is better than having a conscript army ? 
  well , if we 're on the same page then i think we could define the word `` killing '' as the lawful deprivation of life and `` murder '' as the unlawful deprivation of life . 
  speaking about the technological functionality of guns , the terms are interchangeable . 
   i 'm not sure you understand the point of this sub [ ... ] if discussion is what you want i suggest you go to / r/gunpolitics . 
  true that . 
  i just thought it would be nice to not be so circlejerky about such an important issue , but it does break the theme of the sub . 
  my bad . 
  because they can be murder machines , the fact that you have n't personally used them for unlawful purposes does n't mean your exact same model of firearm * ca n't * be used that way by another person ( or yourself , given extreme circumstances ) . 
  i said the terms were interchangeable because the primary design purpose of guns is taking lives suiting to specific environments in the most efficient way possible ; since the only difference between murder and lawful killing is the situation in which the person was deprived of life and the performance of the gun is not affected by that situation , you can comfortably say that they serve the exact same purpose for the most righteous soldier or the worst criminal . 
  i do n't know ... 
  i 've used some recipe gifs before , and they 've made up for some good meals , despite making some old italian chefs roll into their graves . 
  no , i think their primary engineering design purpose is transportation ; that 's what the trailer box is for . 
  the point was not only the possibility but also that the design purpose of the machine is to take lives effectively . 
  if your honda civic was designed to race , then it is a race car , even if you ca n't race your particular model due to its age ( you can always go and buy a new one to serve that purpose ) . 
  i wished that every single model of firearm you own could n't be used to kill people just because you have never done it . 
  in that case , i 'd encourage you to hoard every single type of weapon that has ever existed . 
  but that 's just a wish . 
  just be careful while using your slayer of evil/freedom dispenser . 
  well , that depends on the kind of guns you own . 
  are they pellet or airsoft guns ? 
  i 'm not very knowledgeable on guns , to be honest , but those kinds of guns are the ones that could be legitimately be called `` sporting guns '' as they 're not designed to kill efficiently ( they have so still be handled responsibly , though ) . 
  on the other hand , if they shoot regular bullets , then yes , they can absolutely be murder machines unless the gun itself had an inbuilt mechanism to stop firing itself by criminals ( which would ultimately lead to guns being unnecessary for protection , if you think about it ) . 
  no , my logic is that if it is * designed * to kill efficiently , then there 's really not much difference between a `` killing machine '' ( lawful use ) and `` murder machine '' ( unlawful use ) because if they 're readily available , then * anyone * can get one and use it unlawfully , regardless of how many people use guns lawfully . 
  i do n't think they 'll come ... 
  they should be aware of you using them as your lolcow by this point . 
   jets and rockets were originally designed for fighter aircraft and missiles . 
  does that also make them `` killing mahines '' ? 
  no , it makes them anti-vehicle artillery ; that 's what they were designed for . 
  i get your point , though : you can use a chainsaw to massacre people and you can call that a killing machine , ( because that * one * particular chainsaw was used to kill in an isolated event , it does n't make chainsaws in general killing machines ; this also applies to the lorry in nice that niksal12 was talking about ) however , that 's not the claim i 'm making : the claim i 'm making is that a machine designed to kill is a still a killing machine regardless of any other use that lawful citizens can give to it .
