  to be fair i had a mental fart and just parsed the whole thing as if you were a the_donald fan , even though you explicitly expressed your allegiance . 
  sorry , i should have been more careful about that ; also excuse the dismissive language , that was embarrassing . 
  i understand how you feel now . 
  still , do n't you think it 's self-defeating to have been so invested in a cause and then join the side you were opposing because you felt betrayed ? 
  besides , you have a * feeling * of other 's attitude and intentions , and you may even know a couple of entitled progressives who reinforce your view , but you do n't know for certain if you 're feelings are true . 
  that 's exactly what 's happening on the republican side . 
  you said it yourself , the fascists are being enabled . 
  the importance of stopping them while we still can , trumps -- no pun intended -- the progressive 's sanctimonious attitudes in the past . 
  besides , hrc won the popular vote ( i know , they should have voted harder ) and trump 's rise to power was due to many social , economical and political factors that are certainly difficult to model , i do n't think it 's fair to bash all the guilt onto progressives . 
  anyway , i respect any decision you have made . 
  it 's a shame we lost you . 
  quite frankly i 'm not laughing because of this . 
  if anything , i 'm concerned . 
  we said the same thing about donald . 
  if le pen is running , she has a chance of winning . 
  say what you want about the_donald , but they know how the most basic human emotions work , and they take advantage of that . 
  i think we should do something to stop them . 
  amen to that brother . 
  expanding on your argunent a bit , i think the trump supporters who are genuinely economically strained had to make a serious effort protecting themselves against logic , because we put them between the sword and a hard place with proof after proof that trump is indeed racist , sexist , xenophobic , islamophobic , advocates for war crimes and is generally unfit for presidency . 
  people do n't like their belief systems to be challenged and this was a hard test for everyone . 
  hey , looks like a canadian and a mexican share the same opinion . 
  now we just need an american to complete the combo ; you know , one last time before our free trade ship sinks ... 
  to quote bellweather from zootopia : `` fear always works '' . 
  argh ... 
  i really hate to say this , but ... [ muh emotions trump your facts ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/5a/a5/d6/5aa5d6321cf7e5c16bef7f4ae6644980.jpg ) . 
  look , i want to believe what you 're saying , but after the brexit and this us election , i 've got my guard up with europe . 
  all i 'm saying is that we can not afford to let our guards down and be surprised for the third time . 
  i do n't believe that the_donald won donald trump the us presidency , but i think the internet had a significant role as a catalyzer or reinforcer of opinions to a certain extent . 
  donald trump winning and the rise of the alt-right is not something to laugh about : these people are plotting to legitimize fascism ; therefore , i think we should do something about it to do counter-propaganda groundwork here on reddit , regardless of our nationality . 
  could you explain what are those `` fishy things '' and provide some evidence for your claim ? 
  i 'm interested , but i do n't where to look . 
   i hate to sound like i 'm wearing a reynolds wrap cap, 
  i think we 'd better get used to the era of absolute irrationality . 
  it 's scary , but who knows : we may even enjoy it ... 
  great , now i 'm aware of my utter technological illiteracy once again . 
  thanks for the reading material . 
  no , i did understand the article ; it 's just that i 'm an ultra-basic user and i feel i could empower myself a lot more by having a more proactive and curious mind towards technology and especially computer science . 
  thanks again for the other article !, 
  i agree wholeheartedly with your sentiment , but not with your idea . 
  the founding fathers had pretty cool ideas for the 18th century but some of them got outdated fast ( slavery , ^ ^ ^ second amendment , inability for women to vote , amongst others ) . 
  one of those is the electoral college , which if i 'm not wrong , had the purpose of avoiding `` mob rule '' ( democracy ) . 
  what exactly about appointing electors who may very well be the cronies of political big fish and a system that allows uneven voting power besides the possibility of having a president that the majority of people did n't vote for ( and gerrymandering ! ), 
  is democratic ? 
  if people want to stick to their guns -- hehe -- about originalism and game the system quoting the sanctity of the founding fathers intentions , they might as well get surprised when that comes around to bite them . 
  i think he meant that the real election day has n't happened yet and many electors can vote for whoever they want . 
  people casting their ballots is more like a simulation of democracy . 
  electors betraying the electoral college system ( winner takes all/congressional district vote ) to overturn an election has never happened in history and quite frankly is more of a fantasy that they 'll ever do it ; but hey , there 's a first time for everything !, 
  so much nostalgia . 
  i 'm afraid that wo n't happen . 
  if my perception is correct , voting in the us means `` taking a stand '' , so if he commits horrible acts of inhumanity or at least incompetence , people will find a way to dismiss all evidence because voting for him meant morally identifying themselves with trump and everything he stands for ; if he 's a war criminal , that would make them war criminals as well , and people can simply not tolerate that . 
  that 's the reason why weheraboos exist . 
  to be fair to the anti-establishment voters , i did n't think it could get * this * bad . 
  i hope that in the end , our feelings were unjustified and they all turn out to be competent people , because this is already starting to look like it will become biff tannen 's america -- which is indeed cartoonish -- but the victims will not be made of paper and ink , but of flesh and blood . 
  back to the future was prophetic !, 
  here 's what i think about them : they 're not deplorables , but they need to create complicated series of hoops to not address the elephant in the room , so they start consuming propaganda to satisfy that need ( because , in their moral system , if they support fascist , then they 're fascist themselves ; even if they 're not ) . 
  every time we make fun of them for not listening to facts , they consume more propaganda to shield themselves from inner criticism , thus repeating the vicious circle ; worse yet , it progresses from fear to hate , and now they 're trying to turn those disenfranchised single-issue economical voters into full-on deplorables by legitimizing the indefensible and then reinforcing hatred . 
  that 's the reason why stormfront and r/altright hide behind seemingly innocuous or positively charged words like `` race * realism * ( hey , who does n't like being an intelligent , head-on-the-ground realist ? 
  ) '' , but r/european dealt in terms of `` rapefugees '' and `` sand niggers '' . 
  the brain needs to progress gradually for beliefs to sink in and ** we can not afford to lose those malleable ones any longer ** . 
  you are going to spend time with your family and you can talk to them in any way you want , but i would like to politely ask you to not shove more evidence down their throats : this election has been draining enough and * they know exactly who they voted for * , it 's just that now they 're desperately clinging on their frustration about the seemingly corrupt system as their only moral scapegoat . 
  do n't confront them and do n't guilt them , when the garbage stinks so much it 's unbearable they 'll need all the support they can get * and you will be there to drag them to our side * . 
  please be patient , the republicans did it and now they 're reaping the rewards . 
  to survive is to endure and prosper . 
  the campaign trail was deceitful : i thought christie would get a slice of the pie and he did n't . 
  first of all , it ca n't possibly be my fault because , as my flair signals , i 'm a mexican citizen and i can not participate in american democracy , nor i have ever been to the us , and even if i was a permanent resident and a citizen i would n't vote either because i recognize mexico as my home . 
  secondly , trump was very ambiguous about his positions along the campaign , let alone about his cabinet . 
  sure , an immigration hardliner was to be expected , and he said his pick for supreme court would be `` very conservative and pro-life '' , but i do n't think we could ever gather enough evidence regarding the appointment of * bannon for chief strategist * without committing several logical fallacies . 
  and no , milo 's closeness to breitbart does n't count as evidence . 
  because , as we know it , [ mexican druglord life is perfectly compatible with islamic principles and teachings ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8epuz4p0rs#t=56s ) [ sfw/l ] . 
   `` federally funded negro rape squads paid to spread disease '', 
  i 'm not sure if you need to be a very clever person or a total retard to come up with a title like that . 
   negro, 
  we 're starting off badly . 
  what did these inferior primates do this time ? 
   rape squads, 
  raping * our women * ? 
  [ not on my watch !, 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d8/gadsden_flag.svg/2000px-gadsden_flag.svg.png ), 
   to spread disease, 
  [ http://www.spawnfirst.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/infinite-bioshock-for-god-and-country-hd-340872-e1404187988324.jpg], 
   federally funded ... paid, 
  almost every word in the entire sentence evokes and extremely emotional reaction . 
  yeah , i suspected that , but i thought it would n't hurt to ask . 
  thank you so much for that resource . 
  instant bookmark . 
  [ * dramatic head turning * ], 
  i 'm doing * my * part !, 
  i love this sub but i need to point out just a little critique : this girl is being super nice . 
  yes , she sounds like she blindly supports the military but ( i want to believe ) a great part of it is because of her * disabled husband * . 
  if he was disabled during combat , that means a great deal of sacrifice regardless of the mission he was sent into ; we can not demonize * every us soldier * . 
  read her tone , it 's the friendliest you 'll ever find on sas . 
  from a propaganda standpoint , if she were to read our comments , our smugness would only polarize her further away from our line of thinking ( being critical of the military ) , and it would likely entrench her faith in the military even further . 
  she was n't linked to this thread via totesmessenger , but it 's just an observation , so you 're careful when arguing with other people irl . 
  and , as it was expected , somebody would bring the cologne attacks as support to their point . 
  reals  feels, 
  seriously , i do n't understand why they ca n't see that that attack was a deliberate act of terrorism , which was designed to provoke the exact emotional reaction that they 're having and by discriminating muslims in general , they 're falling perfectly into the terrorists ' agenda , thus fulfilling the purpose and giving way to more terrorism . 
  probably because they know they should be careful about showing support for literal nazism * for the time being * ... 
  i hope we never get anschluss 'd . 
  i ca n't blame them . 
  after the witch hunt that ellen pao received last year due to the fattening , i 'm sure that spez and the rest of the admin team are playing their cards very close to their chests about the_donald and are determined to not ban any subreddits on political disagreements , but on repeated breaking of reddit tos .
