  you think trading liberty for tasty food is worth it ?!, 
  it was actually me ... 
  i 'm not a bot . 
  poor joke , maybe . 
  i did n't make myself clear in the post you answered to . 
  i 'm totally in favor of people teaching kids how guns works , the how the mechanisms join to each other , safety measures for handling them ( transporting , cleaning , carrying , checking locks , etc ) , and emergency protocols in case of school shootings because they are too exposed to gun violence . 
  what i do n't approve of is people `` training '' them in a crash course ( teaching them how to aim , reload , shoot , `` maneuvers '' , etc ) where they actually get to fire the gun . 
  [ \u266b relevante \u266b ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uk4srzceth4#t=0m18s ), 
  i think the us government has been behaving in an un-american way for a long time by now : mai lai , guantanamo , abu grahib , operation paperclip , project mkultra , appointing dictators to their convenience in south america . 
  you name it ; the list of inhuman behaviors perpetrated by american government personnel is massive , and the abuse just keeps piling up . 
  it 's a tragedy , but not nearly as catastrophic as you seem to depict it . 
  the us is a republic . 
  a very flawed one in some regards , a very blessed one in some others but a functional republic nonetheless . 
  trump wo n't be a dictator , as there are too many checks and balances to prevent this ( that is , if he manages to get elected ) . 
  assuming he is , indeed incapable of performing his duty as president , he wo n't plunge the us into a dystopic mad max environment ; but the us will miss four precious years of competent leadership that it simply ca n't afford to lose . 
  in my opinion , the fact that he has so many people rallying before him after he 's promised all of his stupid and horrific foreign policies hints about a large group of dissatisfied people with dangerous ideas . 
   if firearms for some reason become a part of the curriculum then it would be odd to not let the students fire a gun . 
  i agree with you in the sense that having a course about firearms without shooting them is like taking a cooking course where you 're taught theory about the fundamentals of flavor without actually preparing any dishes . 
  but lets not forget we 're talking about instruments designed to kill . 
  i 'm talking from the perspective of `` common sense '' -- read : perception , intuition rather than scientific evidence -- when i say children are not mature enough to handle this type of tools . 
  there 's a reason why the driving permit is given to the minimum age of 16 ( or 15 , close to that age ) , [ accidents have happend ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogckfzgafq0 ) . 
   i am a swede, 
  i 'm mexican , but i love people ; and americans just fascinate me . 
  in the end , it 's up to them to decide . 
  even if i became a citizen of the us , i would n't vote or participate in any kind of activity that involves or influences legal decision-making : i know it 's up to them to decide the course of their own country , and i recognize i do have a cultural bias to appreciate the laws of my homeland . 
  i just limit myself to cast my opinion and let them take them or leave them as they see fit . 
   i think its a good thing to be able to feel sad and have the capacity to empathize with people you do n't know . 
  in fact , if you did n't have that capacity , you would be a psycopath . 
  op has a point when it says that life goes on as people die , and that we should move on as fast as possible ( after a healthy ammount of mourning , which is a necessary psychological healing process ) , but the * le vulcan logic * tone in which this post is written hints at how emotionally underdeveloped that person was at the time of writing this . 
  i used to be one of those people . 
  in time , this person will most likely develop that sense of empathy , as well . 
  it necessary on one 's growth . 
   i would imagine large amounts of the military would go awol/engage in open rebellion if they were ordered to start indiscriminately killing their own families and leveling suburbs . 
  dictaroships are an interesting thing : there are dictators who are feared by the armies that put them in place ( i presume saddam 's irak and the kim dynasty 's north korea ) , and others where the armies love the dictator or are eager to gain its favor ( ch\u00e1vez 's venezuela ) . 
  in either case , armies will be fully loyal to the dictator . 
  in the extremely remote case that this happened in the us ( which requires massive change and very specific social conditions for it to happen ) , why would american soldiers be different to north korea 's ? 
  if your flair is accurate , you are an esfj ! . 
  so rare ... [ i think we should ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkwmfwrvllu#t=5m2s ), 
  meh . . it 's lebanon . 
  people paid attention to lebanon because of one `` thing '' only : mia khalifa . 
  when le bastion de la libert\u00e9 was bombed by those monsters ( bataclan ) , lebanon was hit harder by the same monsters . 
  who gave a shit ? 
  seriously though , that was the time when really i noticed the hypocrisy of the `` developed world '' . 
  the only lives that seem to matter are the ones of ( white ) people living in `` nice '' countries . 
  well , in exact sciences -- like womanology -- considering special , simple , illustrative cases of a problem and can open up a whole new area of studying to us ; giving us the tools and abilities to analyze it further when it was impossible at first . 
  so when he slotted out the maturity and intelligence axes he let us study women from the two-dimensional approach . 
  rough on occasions , it 's true ; our supercomputers ca n't solve the hypercube yet , but the two-dimensional chart lets us approach a certain type of women at our own risk , when we previously had no idea of how women worked at all . 
  [ seriously though ] a way to achieve acquire knowledge is legit studying simplified or ideal systems ( usually narrowing spatial coordinates , but also making it independent of time ; see infinite wing theory in aerodynamics , slope-deflection methods for structural analysis , eulerian description of fluid flow ) thus making a problem difficult when it was otherwise impossible . 
  this happened a lot in around the xviii and xix century and laid the foundations for modern stem . 
  the list is long enough to be judged by christ himself if he exists . 
  on a side note , if you type `` smallpox blankets '' , the results on bing decry it as a hoax ( in a similar way to how some people have `` debunked '' climate change ) . 
  can you provide a reliable source on the smallpox thing ? 
  i 'm curious about it . 
  sounds interesting !, 
  i 'll check them later , thanks for the source !, 
  i do n't know what this game is about . 
  i only know it 's a blizzard game that crashed on its launch date ( judging by the comments ) . 
  this day will go down to reddit history for the sheer rate of change of upvotes and gildlings u/talcove got in an hour for saying two words . 
   there is difficulty sometimes in choosing what variables are significant and which can be ignored . 
  that 's right !, 
  and that 's where engineers come in . 
  when you know about the phenomenon you 're studying , you can accurately choose which parameters are important and which ones are not based on your informed view of the system . 
  i you 're good at this , you can even suggest mathematical models to solve real life problems on differential equations ( that yield mathematical functions that describe the phenomenon on the variables you control ) or use the buckingham-pi theorem and run experiments in controlled environments based on the parameters you have observed to have a real effect on the phenomenon , you can boost your tools further if you knew inferential statistics ( especially the theory about design of experiments ) . 
  i have always said that physics problem results are hardly ever truly exact . 
  but they certainly can be as precise as you need them to be ( thus making them practically exact within their own frame ) . 
  i tried reverse image search but could n't find anything . 
  model name ? 
   believes in the mbti, 
  what 's wrong with the mbti ? 
  decades . 
  popcorn aside , the hsotd 's extensive article was really biased and grateful towards sarkeesian . 
  i never deepened much into this whole thing but i did watch the tropes vs. women videos . 
  and man , they 're skewed ; bad . 
  she cherry-picked story arcs to support her fallacious thesis . 
  while i definitely agree that no death threat or harassment can ever be justified , the initial campaign against feminist frequency was indeed justified ( she took her source material from other 's lets plays without their consent ) . 
  i understand that these kind of events tend to drag the misogynist crowd and they can become dangerous , ~ ~ but treating sarkeesian like she did absolutely nothing wrong and not highlighting her shortcomings is n't objective . ~ ~ ^ ^ strikethrough text not relevant if discussing the article . 
  you can always become an engineer if you want to . 
  math finds the waaay ... 
  you are by far the most intp esfj i have had the honor of texting , you actually sound much closer to the intp stereotype many people who post on this sub . 
  my pleasure . 
  i agree , i was just felt like pointing this out . 
  i 'm new to reddit -- 6 months -- but the brigading is on srs is blatant ( every comment in negative numbers ) and their hate trespassed the line of criminal behavior a long time ago . 
   do you really , really think those guys actually care about the actual she comings of sarkeesian or do you think she 's just a good focus for the hate ? 
  i do n't know , but they should ; in the end it 's supposed to be a critique of sarkeesian 's lies and uproar ( which is some sort of journalism focused on games ) . 
  this is the part i did n't want to reach ( speculation ) but my conjecture is it did start as a critique and a counter to her maligned views and lies , but then it went out of control ( even 4chan went trough the pains of banning these people , creating 8chan ) and now they invaded reddit with an extreme the_donald-esque type of posting . 
  now i see . 
  i have to admit that 's a pretty ingenious anti-brigade strategy taking into account the way they apparently get brigaded . 
  it 's not the horoscope , they did n't pull it off of nowhere . 
  the focus are jungian cognitive functions . 
  what mbti does is to describe how the strongest functions of the user interact with each other , defining the user 's preference for perception and judgment . 
  i know it indeed has low repeatability for some people -- others like me pretty much always score the same as time goes by -- and that the type stereotypes only describe what 's has been observed about certain behavior due to the combination of dominant -- or weak -- functions . 
  the problem is that some people get impressed by it really fast and treat it like it was the periodic table of people , which is not true . 
  the other great mistake is that some want to take decisions based on the profiles/stereotypes , which is always a stupid thing to do ( and the reason this particular sub exists ) . 
  i do `` believe '' in the mbti and think it 's a really useful tool to know yourself , but i also acknowledge it has its limits and some people abuse them . 
  but i would n't brush it off as unscientific . 
  [ comment reply ] i just read the article and commented about why the movement was a good idea on paper ( hence getting its own subreddit ) , but it tends to drag extremists towards it . 
  since the focus of the article is kia , it 's not like i shitposted : if people are downvoting me , it 's because my opinion is unpopular , not because it did n't contribute to the discussion . 
  [ end of comment reply ], 
  but if you want me to engage in actual criticism of the article , it 's quite frankly written in tone that reminds me of my attempts at irony when i was 12 . 
  i did n't analyze the whole block of text but reading the block from the ghostbuster section to victoria 's african american replacement i did n't find an ounce of hatred on behalf of kia .
