  why should you be forced with the extreme burden ( economic , emotional , etc ) of having to support an unwanted child when you actually took responsible measures in the first place ? 
   but if this results in a baby being born , congratulations , you are a parent . 
  now deal with your responsibilities in raising and nurturing new life . 
  this is the entire point of this thread . 
  why do women have the option to opt-out via abortion , but men have to be enslaved to the whims of women ? 
  if the woman wants to have the child but the man does not , then it 's her choice and therefore , her responsibility to raise them . 
  i agree that it 's difficult and it invites scorn from prejudiced people , but it 's still unfair to burden men with an unwanted child because of the emotional and moral decisions of women . 
  besides , the entire concept of bodily autonomy is that women can do * whatever * they please with their bodies , so nobody can force them to have an abortion . 
   i 'd think it would also make sense to include paying the woman half the cost of a typical abortion , regardless of her ultimate decision to keep or not . 
  there 's no reason she should carry 100 % of the financial burden for the part of the pregnancy before the guy opts out . 
  and that fee 's still one heck of a deal compared to 18 years of child support . 
  agree wholeheartedly . 
   your child still exists , therefore the obligation to support something you made still exists, 
  and why not placing that burden on the woman who refused to have an abortion/thought she could manage being a single mother ? 
   published research linking crime , poverty and single parenthood . 
  that 's a more interesting argument . 
  if it 's demonstrated that child support drastically reduces the chances of the child becoming a criminal , then the debate would be quite different in nature . 
  well , i think those two issues ( curbing down unwanted pregnancies and deciding on men 's reproduction rights ) are connected , but the state has to tackle them separately . 
  even though there is no 100 % effective contraceptive , we 've reached the point where there are countries with low rate of unwanted pregnancies ( western europe comes to my mind ) . 
  i think there are more underlying circumstances than just policies that allow this situation to happen ( perhaps having high-income rates , high rate of tertiary education completion , etc ) , but maybe we should mimic them as much as possible . 
  i think we can agree on one matter though : in order to have a meaningful discussion on men 's rights , we should first try to make abortion rights universally widespread within our countries . 
  unless my reading comprehension is faulty , i understand that you mean that women have it much more difficult than men because it 's the termination of life in gestation that happens in their bodies , so they carry all the burden of public scorn , which men do n't have to deal with . 
  and i agree with that . 
  my only observation is that people should n't use the moral dilemma that some women have to go through as an excuse to keep forcing men to pay for child support when it 's the women 's decision to keep the child . 
   gives men the opportunity to not bother about using contraception , because they can always choose later that they do n't want a baby . 
  this does make sense at a first glance , as some men are surprisingly stubborn about some contraceptive measures about condoms , but it seems that you 're forgetting the part where women have the capacity to reason what 's best for them . 
  they can always say `` no '' to have sex with a man who is so crass , he wants to not let women use any kind of contraceptive , including those that do n't affect sensitivity in any way like contraceptive patches . 
  also , having abortions is no small deal either , i 'm pretty sure they 'll want to use abortions as a dead last resource . 
  i understand how you feel about people having to `` pay the price '' for their actions , but i think we have to broaden our scopes a bit . 
  sex is a natural urge that can be resisted to a different extent depending on the person ; some of them have little resistance to libido while others have a high one , and it 's a public health/safety interest to prevent unwanted pregnancies because of the social consequences that surround giving birth to a child whose parents are not prepared to raise . 
  that 's why i do n't think your casino analogy holds up , it 's an entirely different situation : on one hand , you have an intrinsic and essentially basic urge and on the other , a form of entertainment . 
   it 's always the woman who has to deal with it , one way or another . 
  the man can walk away , the woman ca n't . 
  that 's the point of this conversation : there are places where the woman can opt out via abortion and the man has to get stuck with child support . 
  it 's not always the case where men can walk away , and i think both parties should express their convictions with the state as arbiter in order to have an ordered way to assign parenthood to the people who actually desire it . 
  ~ ~ nope ... :( ~ ~, 
  edit : in my defense , some of her peers at ddf like karina hart , ines cudna or joanna bliss do n't do hardcore and i misremembered . 
  [ hopefully , this will make up for it ] ( http://www.pornhub.com/view_video.php?viewkey=ph561e61aded5de ) . 
  have you read the poem `` two tramps in mud time '' by frost ? 
  now i 've read it . 
  what about it ? 
  it 's a fascinating subject . 
  i understand when people look to the internet and its possibilities and say `` this is the next great thing '' because in a certain sense it is : the internet changed telecommunications , information technologies , and commerce in a which we ca n't possibly return to the way it used to be . 
  however , people were * sure * that bitcoin was going to replace monetary systems , reddit was going to change police investigations forever via crowd research ( we did it reddit ! ), 
  and the_donald swears it was them who singlehandedly put donald trump in the white house . 
  the point is , there are technologies that have a huge impact on the development of society and we barely notice them -- like vaccines -- whereas others make us think that they 'll be completely revolutionary , only to fail to live up to the hype ( like the soviet-american obsession with moon colonies ) . 
  now , talking about the management of propaganda is an entirely different thing , but right off the bat i can think of two questions :, 
  * how does propaganda affect us in the age of customizable content ? 
  * to which extent are we vulnerable to propaganda ? 
  i think the nature of propaganda demands to take advantage of the heat of the moment , with the right rhetoric appropriate for the right time . 
  if you take a look at [ g.w.b jr 's approval rates ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/116500/presidential-approval-ratings-george-bush.aspx ) , you 'll see how public support gradually fell as people realized that they were lied upon . 
  ( perhaps [ this documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usaai3m51jo#t=19m27s ) does a better job at explaining this point ) . 
  i think people are not extremely easy to manipulate in just any circumstance : rhetoric without a proper event where people will agree with populist conclusions is useless . 
  but , is internet propaganda as effective as the propaganda of old ? 
  ancient propaganda used to be distributed by leaflets of mandatory reading of material such as marx 's communist manifesto , so the state was in control of its spread . 
  in the age of customizable content , that is not possible because the companies that profit with our navigating time are concerned with providing algorithms that * suggest more personalized content that appeals to us * based heuristically on others ' preferences ( and also , nobody can force you to consume content that you do n't want to unless you live in a country like n. korea , and there are just a handful of those left ) . 
  so , in a way , i think ** the internet is not good at disseminating specific ideologies , but instead , it 's good at reinforcing and polarizing them ** . 
  if you take this election into account , youtube provided equally to liberals who looked for liberal content as it provided conservatives with conservative content . 
   the scenario starts with two people having sex . 
  sex carries risks , hence my casino analogy . 
  raising a child has a huge impact one the parent 's -- and , to an extent , society has a whole -- lives . 
  i 'd agree with you if there were guaranteed , 100 % effective contraceptives that were cheap and easy to get , but until that point , it 's not fair to rule abortion out as the last contraception resort . 
  one of the main features about sex being a natural urge is that governments have to tackle the issue from a `` global '' ( statistical ) standpoint , rather than from a personal one . 
  i think religion-oriented , abstinence-only education does n't work to prevent pregnancies because it does n't matter how much you want to hammer morality into people , they will just keep having sex . 
   i do n't believe a man should have the right to either force a woman to have an abortion nor be able to say `` i do n't want it , i 'm walking away '', 
  nobody 's saying that . 
  i do n't remember if i said it to you on someone else , but i 've repeatedly said on this thread that nobody can force women to do abortions , that 's the crux of the argument : * it 's women who can force men * to pay for child support when they do have the chance to opt out via abortion , despite also having the power to abort disregarding the dad 's opinion if he wants to keep the child while the mother does n't . 
  in the current us scenario where abortion is legal , women have an unequal gender advantage that this thread is trying to tackle . 
   as a thought exercise , let 's assume there is no way to have an abortion and al pregnancies run full term ; once a child is conceived it is going to be born . 
  ok , that 's different . 
  in this hypothetical world detached from reality , i could get somewhat behind what you 're saying , at a first glance and ideally ; however , sex would be an even more central issue in all cultures . 
  how would you treat the problem of rape ? 
  what happens when a town gets raided in an act of war and there are mass rapings with women forced ( by nature , of course ) to conceive a child that was the product of a brutal assault ? 
  what happens to the women who have birth complications ? 
  should they die because the life of the child is arbitrarily more important that her life ? 
  this is a cool dystopia that is worth exploring , but i 'd appreciate if you posted it in a separate thread , because it does n't contribute in a meaningful way to the current discussion . 
  personally , i think the theme in this conversation is how to fix the inequality of men in a -- still utopian -- scenario where abortion is affordable , universally legal and `` easy '' to get in terms of availability , but the world seems to be a long way from reaching that point . 
  totally agree . 
  i recently deleted my youtube history because i started to get flooded with liberal talk shows and youtube shows like secular talk and i identified their fearmongering and bias . 
  i agree with kyle 's points in general , but i definitely do n't agree with [ him calling conservative supreme court justices `` idiots '' or `` simpletons '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iofp3_4taj4#t=4m43s ) . 
  scalia 's originalism is a valid legal doctrine and he was a scholar . 
  he was such a scholar , his opinions were * harvard law school * material , come on . 
  it seems that now it 's liberals who are engaging into fringe conspiracy theories . 
  some are calling trump a fascist and he has n't taken office yet . 
   imo the life of the child overrules the rights of the parent , though even that is n't cut and dry . 
  and in mine , if the fetus has n't passed a certain point in development ( the point where pain starts to be felt ) , the baby should be aborted without complications , as it 's just tissue . 
  if the life of the baby was a priority in every single case based on their innocence alone , abortion then should n't be performed * in any circumstance at all * ( including rape and medical complications ) , and you just made your stance clear in the opening sentence of your last reply . 
  now , if the mother realizes she 's pregnant past the legal threshold ( which i think that is highly unlikely to apply to the general population ) so she can not have the abortion , and neither parent wants the baby , what 's the problem with giving the child to an orphanage ? 
  that 's a valid option . 
  so ... do we agree with each other ? 
  i became flirty out of necessity and do much of what this girl is saying , and i 'm an intp , aka the stereotypically least flirty type of them all . 
  xntp ( pretty sure intp , it 's just that i 've improved a lot on social skills ), 
  5w4 , apparently . 
  3 . r/foreveralone ( yeah , do n't ask ) . 
  mom -  esfp | dad -  esfj, 
  i 've got many great friends , including an enfj , two esfj 's and an esfp . 
  apparently , i 've dated an esfp and an enfp . 
  i do n't mind being the center of attention ( i even * like it * ) when i engage in `` entertainer mode '' . also , i do n't mind disclosing some personal information to create rapport early on and i made an effort to learn how to be more attractive and now i can approach girls confidently , which appears to contradict the intp stereotype . 
  your mbti type is just a description of how you perceive the world and which is your preferred judging channel . 
  it 's useful to know that as intps fe is our inferior function but it does n't help at all to self-indulge about it and use is as an excuse to not improve .
