  the antagonists kept all the mystery from the original series ( zaheeeeeeer !!! ), 
  and actually had a much deeper motivations than `` i want to conquer the world muahaha ! '', 
  libertarianism is one of those ideologies that just sound beautiful on paper , but are retarded in real life . 
  i do n't know which term i like the most : `` scientific dictatorship '' or `` eco-terrorism '' . 
  meybe he should have written a classic , sad children 's story about children and immunization to get their parent 's heads off their asses . 
  `` rebuilded '' is the legit past tense of `` rebuild '' in the uk or another anglo country ? 
  holy shit , if so , please forgive my ignorance ( not / s ) . 
  well , i think they like the `` efficiency '' part of businesses , but some folks take it too far . 
  brilliant . 
  government * needs * monopoly on some issues , like the monopoly on violence ( namely , the police being the only one authorized to use force , rather than the 2a american view ) , though . 
  people just like guns , and they will cling on to them with the most pathetic excuses . 
  yes , some people do like to play the militia card but columbia vs. heller made it clear that the militia part of the 2a is petty much ornamental and gun ownership is a `` natural right '' of all americans , so in the end , the 2a is chiefly about self-defense ( and maybe deer hunting ) . 
  thanks scalia . 
  thank you for replying !, 
  i think dark souls 1 will be very hard to find indeed . 
  but then again , i managed to buy a copy of ssb64 , so i may get lucky . 
  you were downvoted , but that 's my pick as well . 
  as long as the baby ca n't feel the pain of its limbs being plucked by vaccumn , do it . 
  otherwise , i 'm sorry but your bodily autonomy has limits for the sake of humanity . 
  now , the golden question is , when does the baby start feeling pain ? 
  also , this makes it more important for girls to have access to an abortion clinic nearby where they live , especially considering ... you know ... that america is huge . 
  gen. shepherd is your old fashioned warhawk ** on crack ** , and he 's also very articulated ; of course he 's gon na make it sound like a good thing . 
   five years ago , i lost 30,000 men in the blink of an eye . 
  and the world just * fuckin ' * watched . 
  i read it like fee-neh ( spanish is my native language ) . 
  this quote makes even more sense to me in the wake of the charlie gard case : i 've come to think that `` pro-lifers '' only value one very specific kind of life : the one of innocent americans ( of white skin , but none are willing to accept that ) . 
  killing thousands of innocent foreigners on their soil ? 
  collateral damage . 
  death penalty allowed ? 
  those guys deserve it . 
  no justice for philando castille despite being a lawful , innocent american ? 
  black grown man . 
  oh but do n't you dare touching a cygot because `` life starts at conception '' . 
  of course , a zygote ca n't be a criminal , and it 's also american ! and you ca n't quite discriminate on race at that point . 
  but the kids at sandy hook were white , innocent children . 
  the attachment to guns goes that far , it 's not even consistent with a way of thinking that is so ingrained in these people . 
   you 'll refute that [ ... ] but a culture that glorifies violence . 
  both of our countries are very different , i know . 
  but just as a heads up , i remember when the common wisdom here in mexico was that the cartels just messed with other cartels but you 'd be safe if you did n't look for trouble . 
  yet here we are now ... 
  i 'd suggest to gun owners in general to not dismiss gang violence thinking that it ca n't possibly explode reaching their lives , or that having a rifle and some ammo stash will be enough to keep them safe , in case it happened . 
  being a gun owner sould n't be mutually exclusive with pushing for sensible gun regulations to reduce gun crime ( and if possible , their availability but that 's probsbly where gun owners would disagree ) . 
  gotcha , thanks for the spelling correction . 
  me too , it 's just that for some reason i process these letters individually , rather than as a part of an english sentence . 
  i also read ( in my mind ) numbers in spanish regardless of the language . 
  edit : username checks out . 
  we 're having a respectful chat , so i 'll play along , 
  ideally , i do n't think citizens should own guns to begin with , but being realistic , complete disarmament or even moderate disarmament of the citizenry wo n't happen anytime soon . 
  but at least there are some things people can do , like the background check stuff , age limit to buy and use guns , crippling taxes on ammo unless you 're in law enforcement , or simply not allowing people who are in the terror watchlist to legally acquire them ( just talking my head off for the sake of illustrating my point , obviously any reform has to be very well-thought ) . 
  of course , any of these things i just said will make any rowdy montanan dad 's blood boil but there should be some common ground for gun owners t agree upon to limit violence . 
  also , recognize that entrenchment works both ways and specifically the belief that a bunch of energetic people with rifles can defeat the larges military force in history . 
  i bring this point to the table because even though you can massacre people with a pocket gun , rifles are much better at getting the job done , and some gun owners will dwelve into the most precise military technicisms to dodge the fact that even for self-defense you do n't need more firepower than that of a gun in the hands of a good marksman , and people not having rifles could turn the next pulse into a much less tragic event . 
  another talking point is the `` why should i give up my right , being a lawful citizen for people who are not responsible ? '', 
  and my answer to that question is : because there are certain subjects ( usually involving public health and safety ) where you just ca n't expect people to have `` personal accountability '' . 
  case in point : 21 being the legal drinking age : if that restrictuon significantly prevents accidents by having such a large threshold , then they were right in their motivations , because teeneagers * in general * just ca n't statistically be trusted to use alcohol . 
  so if you 're a responsible teenager , you have to suck it up * because not everyone is as exemplary as you are , and less civilized people need rougher restricions for the common good * . 
  but the flip side is thinking that guns ( like drugs ) are incapable of control for illegal use and i get that , but you have to ask yourself if you can really just allow authorities to factor gun violence and drug profit without doing anythong about it because the black market is so dodgy . 
  i tried to break my text wall into some `` intuitive '' blocks that share the same ides for reading easiness . 
  i hope it got the desired effect . 
  romanians are not romans , they have different cultures . 
  it is known for fact that romanians are sexy people who suck blood and transform into bats . 
  also they ca n't stand sunlight and there 's that one gypsy dude who looks like young obama and attempts to sing `` wiggle '' . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  i like it when people for gun rights can share the way they think in a constructive way . 
  have a very nice day !, 
  well , i joked about vampires because dracula is based off of vlad the impaler . 
  but the gypsies are european people descending from indian immigrants , right ? 
  the gypsy in question is [ this guy ] (, 
  https://youtu.be/zftxvzfrg1k ) who i think is romanian based on a comment i once read on the internet ; not sure if he really is , though . 
  actually , i thought that before twilight , vampires were typically portrayed as super white . 
   dracula 's sevants were gypsies, 
  did n't know that !, 
  never said i did . 
  ebola is an extremely serious disease . 
  i think that maybe europeans had a legit reason to be afraid , ( especially the spanish and people from the mediterranean countries ) being the closest to the liberia/c \u00f4te d'ivoire / senegal region where the epidemic sprung ( still a huge leap because africa is huge , though ) . 
  americans though ... 
  yet still , ebola is one of those diseases that have to be treated with extreme care . 
  * care * , not fear . 
  fear is dangerous . 
  i took notice if the way you handle your sex drive . 
  good for you !, 
  i do n't think it 's very relevant to say i 'm an intp , but it 's definitely not the same to understand it and still get satisfied , than to just understand the mechanics , but not being able to put forth a strategy to get it . 
  same for many things in our type : we can be contented with knowing how anything works , but ultimately it 's the * feeling * what drives us . 
  i ca n't speak as the voice of my type , but at least i hate to know the theory but not being able to translate that knowledge to practice . 
  it is . 
  if you are trolling , we 're even more clueless than you , congrats . 
  if you are not trolling , just ignore this second paragraph and have a good day . 
  did god even reveal himself to the abraham by ( aprox . ), 
  that time ? 
  reference ? 
  i think it would have been difficult for me to have been raised in a `` military family '' ora `` bug gun family '' . 
  for me , the value of mbti stereotypes is that you newbies can get a broad , exciting picture of every type without much complication , as they are bombarded with theory like :, 
  * what does every letter stand for , what are the cognitive functions . 
  * how they relate to each other depending on the stack order . 
  * how an infj is different from an enfj and both from and infp , etc. 
  infjs * are * psychics , though . 
  also , do n't skip on parties too often as well . 
  both extremes are bad . 
  like it or not , social relations are important in college . 
  ooohhhh !!,
