  future you can clearly see how naive author was at the time . 
  it treats the us as if it was incapable of taking actions like toppling democratically elected governments or supporting dictatorships which would do later on . 
  he also believed in the notion that the us can `` export freedom '' ( which bush showed us the hard way to be bullshit ) and the wrong notion that different human groups can be governed by a general set of laws without bloody repercussions . 
  so what possitive conclusion can we get out of this ? 
  for me , it 's `` never take your intuitions as invariably true and never think you 're morally superior '' . 
  it sounds bad because we have available , instant information about it right now ; but back then it was all about burning hearts and lofty ideals that -- after much suffering -- we now know to be false . 
   the area of the holy land and the ancient hebrews , at present known as palestine and trans-jordan and the adjacent requisite regions as outlined on the map for considerations of history and the imperative to alleviate a refugee problem , shall be unified as a demilitarized unified republic of `` hebrewland '' . 
  this one actually became true , with disastrous human consequences . 
  this logic is actually quite funny if you reverse the human groups ; it 's ok for the western powers to arbitrarily grant the refugee jews a piece of land in the middle east despite having been the home of arabs for centuries but christian god forgive them turning yurop into islamistan !, 
  so , would the * moral * thing to do now is to arbitrarily bestow the syrian refugees a new country in europe for them to live ? 
  i mean , america , being the supreme protector of the world had to go on a peacekeeping mission and kinda fucked up . 
  so we got ta ask ourselves one question : will that country be spain or germany ? 
  you know , for considerations of history ? 
   you are no longer an individual when you belong to a professional football team being paid millions of dollars . 
  does a relatively large ammount of money take away your individuality ? 
  q : which subreddit makes you work the most ? 
  srd or this one ? 
  maybe we brigade more , but srd is more ... you know , dramatic . 
  the comments are great in the sense you can see why opinions on the issue are so stagnant ; he does have some points but people just brush him off on his appereance and proceed to say self-righteous statements . 
  no wonder redpillers got so entrenched and the so called 3rd wave feminists got so equally entrenched either . 
  nobody wants to acknowledge each other 's problems and that the opposite group does make some points . 
  why is it tasteless ? 
  9/11 was a terrible date for the us ; and as usual , many people find solace in religion when remembering such difficult times . 
  i understand they 're simply inviting people to a mass . 
  unless , of course they 're using the date to recruit you into their church , in that case i agree . 
  however , perhaps the 9/11 souvenir store on some museum is probably the most disrespectful profiteering of the tragedy i 've seen to date . 
   `` why do liberals fight to eliminate the death penalty , but fight to kill unborn children ? '', 
  to protect the world with devastation !, 
  i know the lights are a little bit off , but she 's still gorgeous . 
  [ pronuctciation ], 
  i upvoted everything on r/batty to see the cute wing flapping animation over and over . 
  i do n't have to know anything about the wehrmacht to say that definitely not every nazi soldier was satan incarnated and not every allied soldier was literally jesus ; but i perceive many wehrmacht soldier commited or helped commit terrible war crimes , besides the `` normal '' slaughter that is combat in war ( duty ) . 
  point is , you should n't 07 any veteran just for being veterans . 
  not every veteran is a war hero . 
  remember lads : trump supporters are just innocent , concerned citizens who are incapable of violence ; unlike those pesky berniebros ... 
  i do n't judge them too hard ( the wehrmacht soldiers ) because :, 
  * i have n't read enough about them to come up with even a whiff of an educated judgement on it . 
  * it 's easy to type stuff on the comfort of your stable country , rather than being in the middle of the shit ( worse yet when said shit was one of the most destructive wars in the entire history of humankind which spawned the capability to destroy it and a new political world order as well ) . 
  this is much more coherent . 
  what appalls me about americans is that they conveniently link genetics to post wwii borders in order to make their fractions and percentages . 
  ~ ~ why are you 1/5 german and not holy roman or prussian ? ~ ~ are the people from sakhalin island ethnic russians or japanese ? 
  i believe that 's the meat of the sas linked , not the story told by the screenshots . 
  true , thanks for replying . 
   putas, 
  attempts at spanish/bad spanish is an icing that i enjoy very much on my xenophobic cake . 
  i learned to never underestimate the power of willful ignorance when the british pound fell due to the brexit ( and they have n't even invoked the article that legally lets them out ) . 
  yes , definitely halloween ; when r/tifu regains the spotlight for one day to submit crazy but entertaining made-up stories about what happened on that fabled night . 
  for this particular issue , you could dispose of the / s. 
  it 's the time in america ( specifically the time zone that corresponds to new york ) that matters because , you know ... it happened in ` murica . 
  yankbot , we 're tired of your `` bot '' facade already . 
  we know you 're a human and you 're doing a poor job at hiding it . 
  come join us !, 
  it 's fun , do n't be shy ... 
  so , you 're saying that the pound wo n't rise again if the british repent and decide to not invoke article 50 or that it wo n't fall even further if they decide to formalize the exit ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious , as i know nothing about economics . 
  the_donald was set to sell their subscribers that idea . 
  needless to say they bought it . 
  i hope theresa may turns out to be the sensible leader you deserve . 
  oooh !!, 
  so * that 's * why the wehraboos exist : since the wehrmacht was made of conscripts rather than the certified bastards of the ss , they think the wehrmacht were just innocent armed civilians . 
  for this once , i 'll 07 mark . 
  at this point , it seems politicians can get away with saying anything . 
  this was already posted , though . 
  [ \u266b \u266a \u266b ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7c-n4k3xru#t=15s ), 
  never go full queada . 
   i 've always thought of tijuana as a turd being dropped by the anus of so . 
  cal , but there are too many nice parts of it for the analogy to fit as well as the image . 
  i wonder how canadians feel about detroit . 
  yeah , i saw that in r/laststagecapitalism . 
  message approved by [ the -- former -- president of mexico ] ( http://mitofago.com.mx/sites/default/files/styles/1200x768/public/vicente-fox-2006.jpg ) . 
  seriously though , i 'm amazed by the johnson incident . 
  america , you got ta be shittin ' me : trump gets away with literally * anything * yet you chastise johnson for keeping his image while not knowing a simple -- but admittedly important -- fact , considering he 's running against a populist megalomaniac and an alleged war criminal ? 
   muslimite, 
  i thought playboy magazines were the muslimite . 
   we will hand your mutilated corpses, 
  and they say the mexican cartels make us soooooooo uncivilized . 
   i bet you cuck yourself , cuck !, 
  would n't that be like , revitalizing your sex life and making your wife more attached to you ? 
  i do agree with the person saying the shit for this once : let 's not forget -- no pun intended -- that 9/11 was a very shocking event and nobody had a concrete idea of what would happen next . 
  i think it was reasonable for many americans to join the military right after the attack , while they did n't know if another attack on us soil was on its way or that bush had a plan to topple saddam 's rule while there were no nukes at stake , killing thousands of civilians instead of concentrating the us forces ' efforts in pursuing bin laden with minimal civilian casualties ( which , i believe it happened later on with the seal team raid to bin laden 's safehouse in pakistan ) . 
  i think it 's disrespectful to walk straight to a veteran and say : `` hey , you were stupid for joining the military after 9/11 '' when the future back then looked so uncertain . 
  the reply from shakti was epic . 
  why not ? 
  that was an attack that succeeded like few before it and was an unprecedented cultural and emotional shock . 
  americans did n't know back then if they were being attacked by a major military power until events started to unravel ( osama bin laden declared it was al-qaeda 's responsibility and the us launched its offensive ) . 
  besides , [ top military advisors were * certain * that saddam had nukes at the time ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usaai3m51jo&amp;index=15&amp;list=llsdfaw6hl8z8_o2c84viu9w#t=25m24s ) . 
  could it be irak 's government were working alongside terrorists to invade the us , or was al-qaeda a puppet organization of irak and saddam ? 
  now , we know what the baaz doctrine is and how it is actually antagonistic to islamic states ' doctrine . 
  but i 'm pretty convinced that back then , most american people did n't know -- or care -- about what baaz was or that there are multiple branches of islam and the largest two ( sunnis and shia ) were at odds -- and still are -- with each other in the region . 
  not even condoleezza rice knew it ( [ watch from 10:19 to 11:04 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nekem46p_wc#t=10m19s ) ) ; what could you expect from the common american who have had years worth of indoctrination by that point ? 
  i 'm not saying that americans are mindless zombies frothing at their mouths every time they see the flag , but at the time , many were effectively manipulated by a very convincing propaganda machine in a period of uncertainty and distress that military contractors and politicians used mercilessly to further their agendas . 
  i consider myself to be a -- mostly -- rational individual but placing myself in the shoes of americans , i think i may have enlisted , only to regret it later . 
  this is one of the posts that i consider self-righteous ; khab00m was n't polite and btmims had a point : the thread was about flag etiquette ( conventions on how to treat national symbols respectfully ) . 
  perhaps i 'm biased because we do have a code of flag etiquette , although it 's different than the american one . 
  u/pipiska , could you recommend a badass russian movie where the ` mericans are the bad guys ? 
  guess murican law applies everywhere , huh ? 
  at least they did n't topple a democratically elected leader this time around . 
  if you follow the link to youtube , you 'll find another one titled `` proof anti gun people are dangerously mentally ill '' . 
  comments like this have always bothered me . 
  it seems that americans have size , race , and wealth on their minds at all times .
