  -- how 's that ? 
  what happened ? 
  -- well ... 
  it 's hard to explain , but two giant metal birds crashed into two huge rectangular home -- rocks . 
  many dead people , rectangular home-rocks destroyed !, 
  -- how many dead ? 
  -- too many hands , sir . 
  picture the number of wildbeest crossing the river every year ... 
  [ chief 's pupils grow in horror and disbelief ], 
  -- and divide it in three ... 
  [ chief is still in shock ], 
  -- what will we do ? 
  -- ok , ok ... got it !, 
  they will need to be strong to build their home-rocks back . 
  give them 3 hands minus one finger worth of cows , their arms will get the strength from the meat . 
  also , milk is good . 
  -- almost three full hands ? 
  sir we might need those ... 
  -- shut up !, 
  the pastures are green and we will outbreed these . 
  -- you are wise and mighty , sir . 
  -- i know . 
  thanks !, 
  did we sacrifice her some gazelles as well ? 
  i heard they 're her token animals . 
   there is also nothing wrong with being ethnically homogenous . 
  right . 
  the problem comes when they see people who do n't share their ethnicity as dangerous and start to isolate or demonize them due to the color of their skin or bodily features . 
  the only pole i 've ever met was an extremely hot girl who came as an exchange student to my high school . 
  thank you rotary intl. 
  u da real mvp . 
  i see two curvy girls . 
  which one are we talking about ? 
  what strikes me is :, 
   `` because even if a girl says she wants to have sex , if she has drunk alcohol it 's rape . '', 
  how can this be rape , if we 're talking about an adult ? 
  she explicitely expressed her consent !, 
  question for americans : if you tape your sexual encounters with hidden cameras to demonstrate that sex was competely consensual in the event of a false rape accusation , could it be used as evidence in court ? 
  i do n't think it 's dumb or laughable , but each one to their own . 
  and in the case of false rape accusations , what the actual fuck is crossing through these girls ' minds ? 
  the guy could have his life ruined by the jail time if he 's convicted . 
  never mind being on the sex offender record for the rest of your life * even * when you 're proven to be an innocent person . 
  i was being dramatic ; take it with a huge pinch of salt . 
  i hazily remember to have seen a segment from our heavenly herald from god ( john oliver ) about how sex offender registry unjustly last for long , and even when the presumed felon is proven innocent . 
  if you just type `` sex offender registry '' on youtube , [ this pops out ] ( https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=sex+offender+registry ) . 
  i knew [ newt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/newt_gingrich ) was up to no good !, 
  what 's the best thing about not having been conquered indefinitely by nazi germany ? 
  you may have thought about stopping genocide or bringing back fundamental freedoms . 
  but none of that actually important ; god forbid we share their culture !, 
  because we can read your opinion about yankbot 's salvaged comment , which spawns more conversation and furthers the fun . 
  i have lived in three cities in mexico and i 've always seen at least one chinese restaurant run by obvious ethnically chinese people . 
  sometimes , you can even listen to them speak their language . 
  the leaders of the free world coerce you to subscribe to their ideology . 
  so free !, 
  those girls are tough dafos . 
  the * land * of the free . 
  and the home of the brave . 
  like chris kyle . 
  well , i meant in the sense that these folks always say `` thanks to us you 're not speaking german/eating [ insert german food ] '' ; even though there were thousands of awful things about nazi germany , they pick food and language -- which are awesome -- and none of the terrible violantions to human rights . 
  it 's like they 're more afraid of cultural exchange/influence than war and torture . 
  hmmmm ... it looks like my utter ignorance on german culture is showing yet again . 
  got ta go to germany sometime and meet more german people irl . 
  i think [ this image ] ( http://cfile233.uf.daum.net/image/172e7e4e4db7c948304a39 ) is self explanatory regarding size comparisons between missouri and storms . 
  but yeah , it 's quite a fun and tongue-in-cheek comment . 
  [ yup , we 've been doing that shit for a long time ... ] ( http://www.pueblosmexico.com.mx/img/jpg_5_testimonios3.jpg ), 
  done righteously to enemy combatants ... 
  just curious , how can you notice that linking with archive.is is more effective to prevent brigading in linked threads ? 
  just by plain comparing comment scores immediately after the thread is linked to the same thread a few hours later ? 
  do you follow another strategy besides that ? 
  you mods have such interesting virtual lives !, 
  i see . 
  you are a mod at two large metasphere subs ( at least ) , which entails a lot of work on your behalf and i 'm genuinely curious about how modding works and which tools you can use to get your works done ; simply put , i do n't think you or sgt. 
  colon would start registering the number of upvotes upon submission to sas . 
   thanks for the sarcasm , too . 
  really nice of you . 
  i was n't being sarcastic at all , sorry if it did come out like that . 
  the reply to the question is actually very interesting . 
  heart-shaped asses . 
  i love how keisha used to be a little more reserved , but at some point she stopped giving a fuck and started having more fun with her sexuality ( at least on film ) . 
  i know ... but maybe you could rotate them , so we call all get our favorite shapes . 
  whatever works for you . 
  my sister and i love zoolander . 
  we watched zoolander 2 and we loved it as well !, 
  what did n't you like about it ? 
  i see !, 
  i did n't think yankbot was that useful for users * and * mods . 
  i like how you show your mod badge when announcing meta issues and take it out while having fun as a regular user . 
  i noticed the srd team did that as well . 
  keep up the good work !, 
  this sounds like sas , but it begs the question : in which subs there 's an * actual * anti-american circlejerk going on ? 
  some americans must be growing tired of it . 
  it 's like the never ending us customary vs. metric . 
  an american who has a mindset along the lines of `` yeah , this system sucks , but it 's what i 'm used to '' will eventually get tired of the si circlejerk and other users being rude at them , which may in turn spur the american 's dark side and make them * proud * of using the us customary , flawed as it is . 
  it occurs to me , that r/soccer is a blattleground of circlejerks that changes quickly depending on the status of the game . 
  and it can be hijacked by fans who support teams that range from national selections to specific ( popular ) leagues like the barclay 's premier , la liga or the calccio . 
  i considered the possibility of this sub being anti-american , but i do n't think anybody rational on this sub will deny that the us has bequeated a great deal of positive cultural influence , greately promoted sciece , developed many technologies that we now see as basic and allowed companies that provide useful products and services to expand all over the world , creating jobs and -- when they 're not too abusive -- promoting economic stimulus . 
  we just mock the willfully short-sighted americans who say hyperbolic stuff and refuse to recognize america 's shortcomings , problems and crimes . 
   if you look at / r/europe and foreign-language subs ( that is , say , not / r/germany but / r/de ) , those can get quite anti-american , too . 
  i wish i could speak german and french to verify what you 're saying and join them in their conversations . 
  i think it dependes on the subreddit culture , more than on mainstream national cultures .
