  the problem with propaganda is that there is no way to know or measure how people will react to it . 
  i think it kind of provokes the exact same emotional reaction that the barrage of memes that t_d spawns about muslims ( now booming as we type ! ) . 
  but fuck it , we too are a spam subreddit . 
  which leads to the great issue of our time question :, 
  does the craziness of `` some '' muslims/gun owners/trump supporters/gamers etc. 
  warrants the banning of islam/gun rights/t _ d/videogames etc ? 
  edit : shit 's gon na get awesome when self-driving car technology becomes sufficiently reliable to ban humans from driving altogether . 
  because those countries were the ones that started the war and its citizens were coerced into it ( and the ones who were n't , were bombarded non-stop with propaganda designed to convert masses to the regime 's cause by hacking the human brain ) . 
  in the extreme case that the us became a fascist state , we 'd be talking about the initial phase of the ordeal , the one where the senseless killing could be prevented by indoctrinating * the masses * in the opposite direction ; that requires a gentle discourse , not the confrontational one . 
  it 's a numbers game and the alt-right knows it . 
  the extremist are a dangerous minority , but they ca n't do massive damage if they do n't have massive numbers ( which they do n't have now , but could gather quickly if we let our guards down ) . 
  i 'd like to agree with you , but i have to confess that the feeling that drives my attitude towards rational discourse is not optimism , but fear . 
  edit : being a mexican and a masochist ( namely exposing myself to the us electoral drama unnecessarily ) helps a lot ; i do n't have my very own perfect-redneck-stereotype uncle barry to deal with at family meetings in real life . 
  here in mexico , trump is universally hated !, 
  who is this man and when did he commit the crime ? 
  i love you . 
  ok , we buy a single copy of the art of the deal and then * we pirate it * and we burn the pirated copies . 
  or might as well just wave them in front of a camera , i think that 'd piss him off more . 
  the fact that you hate something or someone does n't necessarily mean you ca n't be productive and civil to it . 
  you called him uncivil for respectfully dissenting when that 's the exact measure of civility ( at least according to [ oxford ] ( https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/civility ) ) . 
  of all the terrible things that the 3rd reich did that could be used as fearmongering to silence criticism of the us , they pick speaking german , an innocuous -- and awesome -- aspect of the german culture , rather than `` you 'd be doing slave work '' , or `` you 'd be experimented on '' or simply `` you 'd be gassed to death '' . 
  can we stop for a moment to appreciate how beautiful marathi script is ? 
  cool !, 
  so it 's one of those writing systems that can be used for multiple languages , such as cyrillic . 
  i want to be able to use in in the future ... is it too hard to understand , say hindi if you speak marathi ? 
  for example , as a native spanish speaker , it 's not difficult for me to understand portuguese and i think ukrainians can understand russians without much difficulty . 
  is it the case for indian languages ? 
  i bit the bait . 
  y u do dis ? 
  she 's hot af , though ... 
  hhmmmm ... 
  i really do n't know what to think at this point : the idiocy and brazenness of t_d are too loud and effective , and i do n't really know how to counter it ; being quiet and rational makes us look good but it does n't give us exposure , while being loud does . 
  i 'm a proponent of getting exposure from links , but showing our civility and kindness to those trump supporters who venture to our sub from t_d to confirm their stereotypes , so they find that we 're actually reasonable and that we wo n't chastise them ; thus giving them a new sense of belonging and bringing them to our cause . 
  thanks for the explanation !, 
  the core concept of t_d was getting exposure no matter what , which is the reason why they created a culture of toxicity and polarization , plus their explicit goal to take over r/all . 
  ciswhitemaelstrom ( who i suspect to be ohsnapyougotserved out of my tinfoil hat ) believed that he 'd win based on how liberal media outlets gave trump free advertising in the form of negative advertising . 
  now , negative advertising has worked in the past , but not with donald . 
  my hypothesis to explain this is that his voterbase is immune to the contradictions because they need to overlook them in order to not shatter their entire moral system ( e.g : them saying that trump is a `` master shitposter '' when tweeting about taking away citizenship for burning the flag ; rationalizing about how it 's ok that he 's hiring a goldman sachs banker as secretary of treasury when `` draining the swamp '' was one his major talking points ) . 
  so , i think , a logical next step for us is to try to invite them to our side once they realize how wrong they were , and being welcoming and supportive , rather than chastising and confronting . 
  could you elaborate , please ? 
  well , i was thinking about individually being measured to those trump supporters who venture into this sub , rather than the mods enforcing kindness . 
  however , t_d already calls everybody cucks and subredditdrama will keep being self-righteous and stuck up no matter what . 
  and then you hit the gold : the destiny bond . 
  i 'd be more than willing to make something that would make the admins take both us and t_d down . 
  an idea is to be so outrageous that another anti-spam subreddit -- which eventually become spam subreddits , as ets has proven to become -- against this one would pop up and start launching its posts to r/all . 
  with the upcoming elections of france and germany , le_pen ( another t_d subreddit ) will probably try to hijack r/all , as t_d did . 
  so the new algorithm will be overrun by political , toxic subs and the admin team will be forced to make the hard decision and burn all of those subs -- both in favor and opposed to the alt-right -- down to the ground . 
  if you have a better suggestion , i 'm all eyes . 
  did noelle easton get a breast reduction ? 
  the_donald 's ~ ~ creator ~ ~ head moderator for a while ( before he deleted his account for saying he could get away with raping an undocumented immigrant ) , ciswhitemaelstrom , stated explicitly that the subreddit 's goal was to take over r/all , even post-algorithm with his proposed alt-right subreddit network . 
  despite the toxic ( it is , deal with it ) and inflammatory behavior of the sub , the admins refuse to take it down despite their blatant vote manipulation and attempts to force their content on users ( spam ) . 
  the cherry on top is that they proclaim they 're `` reddit 's last bastion of free speech '' when they insta-ban any form of dissent , polite or otherwise . 
  fatpeoplehate was banned for less than that . 
  when it became unbearable , the admins went through great pains to modify the hotness algorithm and even messed up with the stickies to prevent the_donald 's abuse , thus dodging the option to ban them or at least quarantine them . 
  it 's quite ironic when users play the victim and say the admins are trying to `` control the narrative '' when it 's * them * who are explicitly trying to control the political narrative on reddit by forcing their content on r/all and flooding it while not allowing dissent . 
  edit : ciswhitemaelstrom did not create t_d . 
  i stand corrected thanks to u/goonsack , and updated the comment in attention to u/mastersomething . 
  tl ; dr : i support you , spez . 
  spez , i know you wo n't read this , but thank you for your effort in making this site a better place . 
  you know the reasons why you feel this way about t_d and went through all those hoops to keep them happy but you should probably see that they 're using you . 
  maybe there 's a time to use your admin powers and say `` i did this because i could '' . 
  this is not the us government , it 's the website you created and there 's a reason why you can ban communities . 
  anyway , thanks for the much-needed filtering option . 
  have a nice day . 
  could you provide evidence that ets is doxing ? 
  he did n't `` censor '' anything ; when people wrote `` fuck u/spez '' he changed the username for one of the mods of t_d . 
  this after several days of being called a pedophile non-stop . 
  it was n't silent , as he later on aplogized on t_d and told himself to fuck off . 
  edit your comment and link to those so we can see them . 
  oh no , it it is about posting ngative/antagonic spam to counter t_d 's narrative . 
  another one of our users submitted a bot script to downvote anything from them . 
  i for one , wo n't be posting anymore on ets . 
  i simply do n't see why we should keep on the struggle when we 'll be exposed to trump spam only if we allow it . 
  perpahps updating their considerations and re-evaluating what is valid evidence ? 
  the political reality is that anybody can comment and share ideas about politicians , not just of the us , but around the world . 
  everybody can influence -- even a tiny little bit -- on the elections of other countries . 
  the purpose of the subreddit does n't matter , what matters is the behavior and the tone of the subreddit . 
  now r/trump is set to private , but back when the campaign started it was a place where there were actual discussions about his policies and actions , not inflammatory memes about deporting all muslims . 
  t_d does n't allow dissent , and it 's a rude community that wants to shove their content down our throats while not being able to even interact with them . 
  i remember the time when sanders4president littered r/all , but it was more tolerable because they were just energetic , not polarizing and brazen . 
  it 's not that we want to shut up conversations about trump , it 's that we want to have conversations for a start . 
  could you post proof that it was him and not cissy ? 
  i 'm almost certain that it was him and the reason why it now says '' [ deleted ] '' is because he deleted his account , but i recognize i may be mistaken . 
  spez , now create an algorithm to filter trump supporters out of our lives !, 
  this is where the money 's at :, 
  * do you want to keep looking at their content ? 
  * are you fed up with their content ? 
  take a look at this hot , new filtering goodness !, 
  everybody looks at what they want !, 
  hooray , echochambers !, 
  the problem is that it 's definitely not so black-and-white . 
  read their particular brand of hate speech : they 'll frame a criminal from a certain group committing a crime that evokes an extremely emotional reaction in order to frame the entire group as dangerous , so they wo n't say `` let 's attack this mosque '' but instead `` islam is dangerous '' ; in that case , they wo n't be responsible for hate crimes because they did n't directly stir it , but instead they outsourced their prejudice . 
  the admins ca n't ban it because it 's not ban-worthy in the sense that t_d can rightfully claim that `` criticism is forbidden '' or `` they 're trying to control the narrative ! '' . 
  the admins will ban the_donald when they go way too overboard ( like r/pizzagate harassing the pizza parlor owner ) , but they wo n't in the meantime . 
  which is great , no matter the angle you look it from . 
  * people who feel that trump is a fascist can continue the fight here without ruining the experience for other users in r/all . 
  * people who used this sub as a counter to the_donald can put their arms down in relief , as there 's no use in calling out trump spam with more spam now you can filter said spam or subscribe only to the spam you like !, 
  everybody wins !, 
  this is the most delicious part of the argument :, 
  * nothing is being censored .
