  you appear to not have some of the negative features that crush us the most ( procrastination , inability to connect with people ) . 
  perhaps you never had them or you broke past them , making you grow ; then again , another feature of happy people . 
  you 're also economically independent and can spare some luxuries , moreover you get what you want in relationships and enjoy your sexuality in a healthy , active manner . 
  yet another feature of happy people . 
  but happiness comes from the inside and we all have different , often colliding definitions of what being happy means . 
  something i 've observed about happiness is that * it must come from the inside * . 
  no external `` things '' will grant it to you : not money , not possessions , not skills , not a partner , not status . 
  you can have all of those and be on the verge of suicide ( i 'm still struck by robin williams ' death ; why did n't he watch a marathon of his own movies to cheer himself up ? ) . 
   i think they think they 're perfect , and i disagree with this assessment . 
  strange . 
  the stereotype marks that if there 's one type that does this is one of your favorites : the intj . 
  how about stop thinking for a while and open your mind and your heart to just feel the feelers ? 
  agreed on the happiness part . 
   when a feeling-dominant can stop thinking of themselves long enough to care for someone else , ill stop and feel with them . 
  hmmm ... you have a strong preconception of feelers . 
  let it go ; you can not read their minds to know what they 're thinking . 
  moreover , even if you were correct you 'd have to acknowledge you may be mistyping people and therefore missing out on many chances to meet awesome people because of your preconceptions . 
  i cross posted a thorough methodology to type people a few days ago . 
  i 'd suggest you looked for it . 
  same thing , different letter ... 
  if you think * all * the js are the problem , perhaps it 's you who have to do the fixing . 
  do n't get me wrong : maybe you 've noticed that this particular group of people -- half of all personalities , including all of the sentinels -- makes you feel uncomfortable and therefore you avoid them ; this may be a healthy safety device for you . 
  but then again , you may miss out great judgers that would improve your life whether it 's relationships , friendships or others because of you brushing all of them off . 
  why not being cautious but open to them ? 
  try not to bond immediately with them . 
  if they stress you out , leave them ; if they seem trustworthy bond further with them and communicate . 
  say it if something bothers you . 
  his jumping skills are sick ... 
  i hate it . 
  but you have to admit confusion paired up with infatuation and paralysis/toxic is a great way to troll people . 
  i have already told people that if i ever go insane/brain dead for some reason , then i 'm already dead . 
  my sane mind and my personality are what reflect who i am , the decisions i make , and in ans in short , my identity . 
  my greatest fear regarding insanity is to be capable of hurting others without restraint . 
   things may go bad , your friends may leave you , your loved ones may leave you . 
  everything that there is to live for fades into oblivion . 
  maybe , if you become insane , none of this will matter . 
  yet another xnfj appreciation post !, 
  we 're super effective against these guys !, 
  i empathize with you . 
  sadly though , we 're still animals , and as such , you being an attractive female -- for your attractiveness to be mentioned in the way you describe you should be * quite * attractive -- is a big deal ; there 's pretty much no escape from it . 
  some people will love you for it , others with problems will hate you for simply being pretty , bonus points for being intelligent . 
  i do n't even want to start on the levels of hate you 'll get if on top of that you become social and/or successful . 
  your beauty triggers some of the most basic emotional responses in the human brain . 
  you can not avoid it because evolution shaped us that way to push its agenda of human perpetuation ( illuminati confirmed ! ) . 
  most probably , you already knew this . 
  but i do n't think it hurts to remind you that what you do -- the changes you promote -- with the information you have are completely up to you . 
  why do you need to control your facial expression ? 
  good question . 
  as for the people who are ambivalent on their statements , keep the good parts of their discourse but take everything they say with a pinch of salt ; they 're not being consistent with the words they say and the actions they take . 
  be different than them . 
  as for tolerating the groups you mentioned above -- racists , non-cisgendered and religious ; amongst others -- i think that when different groups of people need to coexist in a certain land there will be frictions , because of our tribal minds . 
  the 21st century is really an age of change in the sense that for the first time ever in history we 're not killing different people at first sight ( true , there are huge frictions ; but not nearly as bad as in centuries before , where the attitude was `` if different , conquer ! '' ) . 
  so what we want is to live in a place where we can coexist in a peaceful , functional way : where our differences are not a source of tension but of progress ; if we achieve this social -- hypothetical , utopic at least -- state then there will not be violence from one sub-group to another because there will all be a part of a larger group we have to take care of . 
  this contradicts the very purpose of certain groups : like the racists , the religious extremists and the dictators because , for example , the racists will be violent towards people of other races and religious extremists will be violent towards people of other religions , dictators will exert violence towards people who challenge the satus quo and so on . 
  these groups are the ones we * can not afford to tolerate * and if it 's too extreme to wipe them out , at least we must strive to police the geographical demarcations in which we live in to preserve our peace ( assuming we have it , for a start ) . 
  curious fact though : sometimes , for the best interests of people is necessary to pick the lesser of two evils . 
  i 'm thinking about the dictatorships of libya and and irak . 
  we thought those people were violent when they actually kept in check an even worse group that broke loose when those dictatorships were overthrown . 
  * this was not obvious * a while ago . 
  there are groups that use a mask of tolerance but are quite intolerant . 
  take a look at anita sarkeesian 's feminism : she voices her opinion about games being sexist when she takes clips out of context to support her thesis , moreover she claims there is violence towards women in places there actually is n't any . 
  another is the concept of `` micro-aggresion '' where you 're being rude even if you * unknowingly * `` trigger '' -- sjw favorite , as we know it -- a source of stress such as racism for other people * while using standard english * . 
  so if i brought rice to eat on my tupperware and while casually conversing i offer my asian friend some , i 'm being violent because i micro-aggressed his feelings ( because asians are associated with the trope of loving rice ) . 
  so now we do n't know when we can be shamed for speaking normally ( is n't that inducing some kind of paranoid , thus being ironically violent to people who strive for correctness ? 
   i hate being a fake but it 's necessary i guess . 
  hmmmm ... 
  i disagree . 
  if we are doing this -- faking interest -- is because we want to to communicate * genuine * interest and care for other people . 
  the catch is that people with developed feeling functions can see through deception pretty quickly . 
  and when your deception is discovered it backfires because you provoke an even worse reaction than if you genuinely communicated that you did n't care . 
  the very fact that he/she communicated his/her trip to the maldives means he/she is either interested in emotionally bonding with you or simply feels better while conversing . 
  now , what you do with your body language , voice , topics of conversation and if you lead it or not , etc. 
  is up to you , and there are graceful ways to get out of it while being smooth on other peoples ' feelings -- one of which is * not * verbalizing discomfort and noticing this is not possible to achieve at all times with all people and is not your fault/problem -- and getting away from them * to protect your own feelings * . 
  double hi !, 
  well , first of all , i have to say my input is somewhat limited because i have had only one girlfriend in my whole life ( enfp ) . 
  my problem with this girl was that i * capitalized * on situations to create very feeler-appealing experiences , but when the opportunities did n't come easy , it was increasingly difficult to keep up to her high expectations . 
  i finished my relationship -- male to female -- with her because of her overburdening . 
  definitely . 
  she knew what i wanted ( besides sex ) , and she did n't quite really showed interest in meeting my needs for the relationship . 
  i know it 's a different sport than the one discussed , but i think it 's pretty difficult for non-americans to win a single match at the * world * series . 
  not quite . 
  if the girl is hot enough for me , i go for it ( speaking about just sex , more than a binding connection to a partner which is just another thing ) . 
  and even if it is , i do n't require her to be extremely intelligent and/or being able to discuss and produce complex hypothesis ( which i definitely enjoy , but do n't require ) , she just needs not to be plain dumb , that 'd be the pretty much the only mental requirement/turnoff for me . 
  ** edit ** : artisans . 
  they get the job done ... 
  sounds fine . 
   i have to respect something about the person mentally . 
  i get the hunch that what many people try to convey by saying `` respect '' actually means `` admire '' . 
  for me , respect means simply not targeting others with the intention of making them feel bad ( humiliation , belittleling , using swearwords , etc. ), 
  and it 's a * default * device for keeping civility . 
  one should n't need to earn respect ; it should be a default setting . 
  admiration works in other way : one * does * need to earn admiration by skilfully showcasing a valued ability or doing something that is valuable -- within a certain social group -- but not many people dare to do . 
  fear is another instance . 
  one is motivated to do something or refrain to do something by a mostly harmful self-preserving instinct . 
  respect , admiration and fear are completely different instances that provoke reactions -- or lack thereof -- from people . 
  yet people seem to confuse one another most of the time . 
  uhhh . . 
  i really wanted to know how . 
  it 's useful info . 
  well , i 'm certainly interested on it !,
