  ** tl ; dr ** : equality is a hallmark of societies that are oriented to personal and communal growth , rather than the preservation of systems based on the faith of a superior being . 
  ( god ), 
  note : this might be better suited in r/atheism, 
  start . 
   when it concerns humanity you suddenly become like gullible children , following the commandments of christ like a herd of sheep . 
  not quite . 
  i have n't read the new testament but i read the whole old testament minus the psalms ( they just praise god , but do n't relay any piece of religious history of israel , nor any teachings whatsoever ) and i can tell you it taught me to analyze and scrutinize any leader 's actions , especially the ones of religious leaders , believers , and followers because they follow holy texts that sure are valuable in their own sense , but they do have severe flaws as law . 
  ( i do n't know about other religions but the abrahamic laws have a coercive built-in law that 's enforced on communities on a larger or lesser extent throughout the world ), 
  the reason i consider abrahamic law to be flawed is because not only undermines equality greatly , ( equality is discussed on a later paragraph ) it is also based on the a law revealed to a main prophet ( thus inaccessible to the scrutiny of the governed ) on the assumption that the superior entity known as god ( with different names according to the particular faith followed ) must be appeased . 
  the fundamental problem with this structure is that the very existence of such entity can not be demonstrated , for a start . 
  in summary , the result is a system that imposes arbitrary benefits that prevent equality ( creating a stable , peaceful society oriented towards the well-being of their members ) from being attained based on an entity whose existence can not be demonstrated in the first place . 
  expanding this criticism further , the fact that law miraculously came from said god makes it clear that said law is immutable and unquestionable . 
  ( the fact that said law is unquestionable conveniently shields the law from the question : could it be this law stems from a particular societal context in a period of history to suit the interest of a certain group or keeping their current cultural traditions [ that may or may not be scientifically proven harmul ] rather than from this mysterious entity that may not exist ? ), 
  as far as humanity concerns , life , but especially human life is a delicate issue that has to be addressed , we 're living in such an unequal and violent world , the only thing that prevented you to possibly be hunted down like an animal and then tortured to death just for being yourself and different from you pursuers in some african village instead of redditing in the comfort of your house/job place/starbucks/other / was luck . 
  you were lucky to be born where you were born . 
  ( or so i presume ) taking into account there are countries and regions in the present time and in the course of history that where subjected to the whims of capricious and cruel people that use the populace to serve their own purposes at the expense of the lives of others , the humanist stance becomes important to prevent such foul fate in the countries that were favored by history to become functional democracies . 
  that 's where equality comes into play : the most functional democracies are structured in such a way that ensures that every citizen has the same value than others ; no more , no less . 
  because having no privileges means no group will take over and manipulate the others to satisfy their desires , often committing crimes that go unpunished , a structure that prevails in the so-called 3 ^ rd world countries and is not found in functional democracies . 
  ( 1 ^ st world countries ) furthermore , having effective mechanisms that ensure the communication of the populace with it 's governors and having effective mechanisms to ensure that governments answer to people instead of people answering to governments is a hallmark of said democracies because people generally knows whats best for them , and if any structure of society is corrupt , other members can mobilize people to reach a consensus and move to a freer , more inclusive , more equal society that preserves the virtuous circle . 
  socially speaking , equality not only has a moral significance , but an operational one . 
  leaning towards the moral side , i think it 's necessary to seek a more equal society because [ it 's everyone 's birthright to be born and raised in an environment free from any form of violence ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/universal_declaration_of_human_rights ) where they can seek happiness in such a way they preserve the order and safety of the society they 're living in , rather than to be subjected to the possibility of being controlled by the desires and beliefs of rulers that oppose the personal growth we all deserve . 
  i hope i made my point clear . 
  if you got this far , i 'll address the relative intp close mindedness . 
  we know that , as intuitive perceivers , we tend to get as much information and assumptions we can about any topic before constructing a logical model that best suits the solution of our problems of interest . 
  but when we reach a stable model that covers all of the logical flaws ( that we can think of ) we tend to reinforce it , that 's why we can come off as stubborn . 
  [ we are aware of it ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/intp/comments/3rjdto/anyone_else_worried_about_becoming_closeminded/ ) . 
  end . 
  meh , screw them . 
  i do ( naturally ) smile a lot . 
  it 's part of me . 
  nevertheless , since my mom made me go trough the whole orthodontic process , i intend to make the most of it . 
  * smiling is hardwired into our brains as an expression of welcoming and non-agression ( alternatively submission ) since the time when we evolved from the australopithecus . 
  ( primates still do it with that connotation , nowadays ), 
  * smiling releases endorphines , that make you feel happy . 
  ( even when you 're not ) endorphines have a positive effect on your health , besides happiness . 
  so anytime i meet an acquaintance of mine or a friend i smile , because i 'm genuinely glad to see them , i smile at people i 'm just meeting because it conveys the message : `` i will not harm you '' . 
  i understand perfectly that you simply do n't feel in the mood to smile at all times . 
  it 's natural . 
  life is not all the time double rainbows and unicorns . 
  speaking for personal experience , ( male intp ) my girlfriend took the first step , but i was the `` dominant '' figure . 
  i just had more initiative , that was all . 
  also , go for it op . 
  somebody has to make the first move . 
  time is gold . 
  ( do n't feel rushed though , but not too relax about it if you want a relationship ), 
  i do get the message you 're trying to convey . 
  the problem is that apparently most people ( myself included ) also recall our immature selves , and that is not nice at all . 
  i did like the post . 
  thanks for posting . 
  my violence policy is to deplete all diplomatic resources when feeling threatened . 
  nevertheless , the reason it 's the ultimate last resort for me is because i consider a fight to be over is when one of the parties is no longer able to continue fighting , blacks out ... 
  or dies . 
  other than that i know i 'm perfectly sane and i believe that being welcoming and inclusive is the optimal social environment , so i act in accordance to that . 
  i see ... 
  god , i wan na live in the us so bad . 
  do n't misunderstand me , i live pretty well here in mexico , ( and i love it ) unlike the vast majority of my compatriots who emigrate there . 
  american culture ( and at a certain extent its problems ) amazes me to no end . 
  racial differences in the us is a very discussed subject in r/seduction . 
  most of them are ethnic indian males thinking that their ethnicity is a handicap for dating . 
  other sites argue that girls of european race ( aka whites ) are attracted to males of african race ( aka blacks ) because they 're more prone to show dominant traits . 
  of course the social rules of environment you live in affects the outcome greatly ( los \u00c1ngeles must be way different from honolulu and both must be worlds apart from juneau in both culture and geography even though they 're all american cities ) but i think that if you 're hell bent on dating and/or marrying a girl of european ancestry you can do it . 
  perhaps not engaging on traditional displays of masculinity refrains us from succeeding in dating more than racial issues . 
  but , then again , i 'd have to live there to really get into context with the sequels of institutional racism . 
  just like my top comment , your link plagiarized `` the secret lives of intp 's '' by anna moss . 
  i think it 's useful to know the source ... 
  that 's not being conservative ... that 's being stupid . 
  i tend to `` sacrifice '' subjects at school in order to save other i consder `` savable '' . 
  thing is , i can manage them all but i do n't feel confident enough . 
  bro/sis ... [ if isabel meyers ( the creator of the test ) had known her spouse 's type before , she 'd have probably not married him ] ( http://oddlydevelopedtypes.com/content/intps-love ) . 
  well , first of all ... 
  i 'd permit any abortion for women [ provided the baby has n't crossed the threshold of time where he develops pain ] ( http://www.parliament.uk/documents/post/pn094.pdf ) but `` prohibit '' eugenics . 
  ( the woman can just lie , but still ), 
  nevertheless i 'd be all in for euthanasia . 
  ( with it 's respective policy ), 
  the spirit being : i wo n't let anyone terminate your life because of your disease , but i 'll let you terminate your life in an easy , accessible way if you ca n't put off with it anymore . 
  it 's your choice . 
  i think an intp country would essentially be the shire from lotr . 
  or sweden . 
  edit : spelling corrected, 
  i distrust the american people . 
  [ their attitudes may harm our empire ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xib6xr_ris ) . 
  good ... 
  i thought eugenics = kill defective people . 
  i think there needs to be a population control law that sought to maintain the population stable ... nowadays they 're either thriving or decaying to unsustainable levels . 
  i do n't think `` the stupid people breeds more often '' it 's just that it seems that people with college education or higher refuses to procreate for some reason . 
  perhaps a more educated life is usually much more expensive ( the life-burdening kind of expensive ) than a non educated , poorer life , and since they 've only known strife for generations they do n't give a damn about their well-being , while people with a higher education level may be very aware of this . 
  perhaps people with higher education level tend to disregard the religious value of marriage ( not to blame , ancient religious laws suck badly ) but traditional marriage ensured the survival of the community . 
  so now it 's up to science and very sensible politicians to come up with a system that replaces traditional marriage with another that is friendly towards liberty , rather than simply regressing back to religious codes . 
  have n't you guys read `` why nations fail '' ? 
  it 's a very interesting book . 
  its says true democracies are the best systems for development . 
  ( by true democracies i meant a democracy that does answer to the people and it 's accountable to people and also has mechanisms to relieve a public officer from office in case of incompetence/criminal behavior ), 
  i consider myself a libertarian as well , but i 'm starting to grow concerned about the far left as well ... 
  [ gauss ] ( https://www.google.com.mx/search?q=gauss&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8&amp;gws_rd=cr&amp;ei=kvhfvvn2lyxeouhfk8ai ) , all the way . 
  the man was a `` beast '' . 
  he has been the most prolific writer of any science ( in his case , mathematics ) of all time . 
  but he still was n't limited to math . 
  he expanded a fundamental principle in electricity and magnetism , ( electric and magnetic phenomenons are described by the 4 maxwell 's equations , two of them discovered by gauss ) and had achievements in many other disciplines . 
  an absolute genius . 
  i see ...
