  * her ability to progressively start with a feeling of impotence and gradually ( and softly in terms of drawing ) move towards a message of hope and empowerment to create a hype that very few people can achieve . 
  * her ability to successfully shame her supporters , not by accusations , but by shifting the goalposts to create a sense of guilt by associating what 's morally right ( and what 's the right values to teach their children by voting for a certain candidate who also serves as a role model !! ), 
  in order to suit her political agenda ( in part by explicitly stating that that 's not the purpose of the speech ) . 
  * her ability to believe that neither hillary nor her husband are guilty of much worse and massive human suffering by the indiscriminate use of drone strikes ( at least one of which was a hospital with civilians for which obama himself apologized for [ kunduz ] . 
  [ did he found that funny at first ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52jvljzw_cw ) perhaps he did n't think he 'd murder so many people ) that led to many civilian casualties does n't make him or her less of a moral authority and role model . 
  * her ability to masterfully allude to male voters by creating an illusion of praise for virtue by dissociating them from a previously demonized individual ( which was unnecessary in context but a golden opportunity to seize for political gains ) . 
  * and last but not least , her ability to use the feelings anybody can get behind ( which is * political correctness * ) in order to beautifully push her goals . 
  learn from this election and from michelle , gop . 
  learn or perish . 
  i 've come to think that rgp is to you what jewdank is to r/drama . 
  did n't scalia perform some gymnastics in order to rule ( columbia v. heller ) that the 2nd is much more about self-defense than militia , despite the bill of rights explicitly stating the opposite ? 
  if rgp despises the 2a so much , he should probably keep up with the meaning , as the militia argument seems hardly relevant to the gun control cause right now . 
   that is about as far as i can go with this argument because i am not the best at i interpreting `` legalese '', 
  i get you . 
  but this is why justices are needed , do n't you think ? 
  true that , but it seems to me that the whole purpose of the hallmark decisions of the court is to set precedents and act accordingly . 
  therefore , it does n't matter if you 're for or against gun rights ; the decision is set and your or my opinions are pretty much ornamental in terms of real consequences . 
  jewdank is a hot girl -- opinions may vary -- who hosts at least one porn sub . 
  r/drama is the shitlord version of r/subredditdrama ( similar concept , just switch the self-righteousness for max edginess ) , so they just keep trolling her . 
  hard . 
  and she ca n't help but keep replying !, 
  i mean , i did have an argument with rgp on r/shitamericanssay to see how long i could keep him writing , and i had quite a good harvest . 
  it strikes me as if the favorite lolcow of this sub is him . 
  true again !, 
  and that 's what rgp seems to be unaware of if he 's discussing `` military weapons '' . 
  columbia v. heller made firearms for self-defense , giving a legal confirmation to the modern interpretation of the 2a ( bold conjecture , i may be utterly wrong ) . 
  it strikes as if this was the hardest blow for the people for gun control because perhaps much more regulations could be put on guns if they were kept and borne only by militias , whereas the self-defense interpretation encourages gun ownership for everyone and -- basically -- anyone . 
   but they told me to go infringe myself . 
  you just discovered the ultimate libertarian insult . 
  the exemplary moral leader , everyone . 
  i remember seeing krushev boasting to nixon that the ussr was about 40 years old and about to surpass the us , which was around 250 years old at the time . 
  you 're all clear kid !, 
  now blow this thing and go home !, 
  i think we need more black girls in this sub . 
  we 've got women of all races ( which is perfect ) , but too few blacks for my taste . 
  americans getting access to clean energy is a win for the entire world . 
  everything west from the dakotas-nebraska-kansas-oklahoma-texas column of states looks like orc tunnels and everything east of that looks like dwarven roads according to [ this map ] ( http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/merp/images/2/2e/moria1.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20121022232343 ) . 
  but i guess the rockies have much to do with that . 
   the main country for english speakers . 
  ] ( http://memeschistosos.net/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/memesdesoraya15.jpg ), 
   you just do n't know the struggles of a 17 year old white male worrying about whether or not his parents will be able to pay the dsl/cable bill every month . 
  if their taxes are raised again , then they may have to back the service down to a silver-tier plan that throttles bandwidth . 
  or resort to buying the store brand totino 's . 
  after that man , it 's over . 
  might as move to the congo . 
  for 75 cents more , would you like a side of democracy with your republic ? 
  more importantly , do n't shoot drunk/high/confused college party goers who somehow ended sleeping on your lawn or house . 
  i love how some of these kinds of americans may hate immigration because `` cultures are incompatible and wo n't assimilate/will take over in 30 years because they reproduce like rats/etc '' yet still think american law applies everywhere so they could bring their machines built to kill , endangering the public of another country and it 's fine . 
  i 'm sure you 'll be a good patriot and fight against the oppressive american government . 
  thank you and thanks to u/theflyingbastard for this thread . 
  i was about to ask the exact same thing . 
  srd needs something to bitch about , though . 
  [ \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2016/01/13/us/father-shoots-son-no-charges/index.html ), 
  i do n't know anything about ireland ( just it 's location and capital city ) or the troubles , but i 'm going to study about it in order to really get all the sas about the irish-americans , who seem the most circlejerk-y of all [ nationality ] - americans . 
  well , i do n't know what can do the trick , but at least science is not on the list . 
  there are mountains upon mountains of evidence to demonstrate how human activity is responsible for global warming and yet still people will go through the hoops to deny it . 
  it purely an emotional thing , and emotional measures have to be taken . 
  meh , i 'm cool with them knowing ; it 's not like the nsa will come and imprison our thousands of street piracy retailers . 
  maybe sad , but a reasonable one in context . 
  you can expect anyone carrying guns . 
  and they did n't censor what he screams after people tell him to slow his road ? 
  because that would be the mother of all incongruencies . 
   serbian film , cannibal holocaust , human centipede, 
  well , probably because those are probably the most fucked-up movies in existence at the time . 
  i even refrain from reading the description of those movies . 
  you got ta be kidding me , yellow . 
  also , the red guy is a smartass . 
  if the yellow guy did n't know that romania is a country i seriously doubt that he 'd triangulate all of those complicated geographical references to pin down romania . 
  `` dude , you could have just mentioned wallachia to get me in location '' . 
  actually , i 'm thinking that the yellow one trolled the red one for being such a smartass . 
  i 'm for gun control , and i agree with all others that it 's a bad idea . 
  it does n't matter in which side you 're on , it 's an emotional issue at its core and there are fanatical people on both sides of the equation . 
  the american gun control debate has shown me that , speaking of large crowds , no amount of evidence will convince people that they 're wrong , and you ca n't enact laws based on science if people discredits science for a start . 
  speaking of which , the poor grasp of the general public on statistics a huge problem ; many people spawn `` evidence '' to support their claims on ridiculously unreliable sources , interprets the numbers shown very badly or straight-up pulls numbers out of nowhere . 
  i 've come to think that the core beliefs of the issue could be reduced to this :, 
  * people for gun rights think that the number of violent incidents is negligible in contrast to the freedoms enjoyed ( a key one being the right to use lethal force in self-defense ) by lawful gun users . 
  * people for gun control think that limiting , banning ( and in some cases , disarming people ) firearms , magazines , etc. 
  will help prevent or reduce gun violence by making access to firearms extremely difficult . 
  this human life savings are worth the price paid by lawful owners in terms of making them forfeit their gun rights . 
  as you can see , both visions are completely incompatible with one another . 
  by the way , is n't r/gunpolitics exactly to discuss what you 're bringing to the table ? 
  edit : feel free to talk to me anytime :d, 
   being anti-gun is part their identity , their subconscious will defend that by overriding their ability to analyze data . 
  holy shit , i thought the exact same thing about the pro-gun crowd . 
   i personally believe that , if we as humans believe life is sacred , if we believe life is worth defending , then it follows that we should have the right to defend life . 
  if we have the right to defend life , we ought to have access to the best means to do so . 
  while i partially agree with the concept of the sacredness of life , i subscribe to a more `` utilitarian '' vision , where the guarantee of public security has to be a hallmark of functional democracies ( or kingdoms or whatever system of governance you choose ) . 
  when a country is unsafe , it can not prosper : the most powerful groups can govern on whims , foreigners wo n't invest in the country out of -- well-funded -- fear of losing their investments and the country will remain impoverished . 
  i believe that the most prosperous states hold the monopoly of violence ( violence meaning using force to protect its denizens , not necessarily lethal ) , and they 're usually representative democracies . 
  now , this has two faces : on one hand , letting unlawful militias/cartels/armed groups on controlling segments of the population is bad , but the other side of the coin is official forces abusing or enforcing abusive laws , like in dictatorial regimes . 
  now , this line of thinking leads to -- what i personally consider to be -- the original meaning of the 2a and the bill of rights as a device thought out to protect the american people from possible abuse by the american government . 
  one last scenario : which features do safe , functional countries share in common ? 
  they 're ruled by an organism that enforces the rule of law and have civil mechanisms to depose or change that organism if it abuses its power , they hold the monopoly of violence ( achieving two goals : preventing armed groups from taking over and guaranteeing the basic safety of their citizens ) , they have a good economic engine that allows the citizenry to possess wealth and property and they put a prime on science , education , industry and innovation ( there 's more but that 's why i remember from a book called `` why nations fail '' by daron acemoglu and james a. robinson ) . 
   further , if one is n't willing to defend their own life with force , how can they ask someone else ( a police officer , a security guard , whomever ) to do it for them ? 
  if life is precious and invaluable , how can someone ask a police officer to put theirs on the line for them ? 
  my argument against this is a conclusion from the former paragraph : the institutions tasked to secure public safety have to hold the monopoly of violence , and they * necessarily * have to be held accountable for a country to be stable ( which is what blm originally protested ) , i think our duty as citizens is to be scrutinous of the government agencies that are supposed to represent our interests . 
   in response to bullet 2 , i think it 's a little heinous to restrict the rights of americans because certain people act the fool . 
  it 's exactly like alcohol ; you do n't ban alcohol to everyone because some people get stupid about it . 
  that 's where we diverge , ideologically .
