  take basketball and hockey for example : maybe the main reason why basketball is heavily dominated by african american players and hockey by caucasian ones is that perhaps african americans are simply not -- generally speaking -- culturally attracted to hockey ( or snow sports in general ) , while they have developed a huge interest for basketball . 
  in the end , there are many reasons why a certain demographic would be more numerous than other in certain activities . 
  [ i am not american , so i may lose my footing while discussing affirmative action . 
  feel free to correct me if i say something factually incorrect . ], 
  affirmative action is a us government policy implemented that forces some insitutions to take in quotas of african americans . 
  some people perceive that in a climate of social justice , companies are missing valuable employees because affirmative action makes them take in the quota , instead of a member hired based off their curriculum . 
  hence the `` diversity hire '' . 
  or maybe it 's used as a derrogatory term to denounce companies who hire people who belong to minorities because they want to improve their image , rather than hiring personnel because of what they could contribute to the company . 
  either way , the term denounces -- correctly in my opinion -- the fact that is based on the incorrect perception that quotas equal civil equality , when the ethical course of action is hiring people in accordance to their skills/perceived benefit by the employer * while * enforcing anti-discrimination policies , but not just limiting to filling up quotas . 
   so we wind up in a perverse situation where absolutely nobody questions you when hire a white man , and assume he must be the most qualified candidate , but if you hire a black woman , suddenly `` diversity hiring '' becomes the most likely explanation , even though the truth is almost certainly the exact opposite !, 
  i understand the spirit in which this post is written , but it begs the question : would n't that suspicion stem from the fact that people from that demographic are being hired because of their gender or race and not because of being qualified ? 
  what if there were quotas of white men ? 
   it 's important to note that nobody in this process is consciously racist or sexist , either !, 
  it does n't manifest as explicit reasoning , but as subconscious feelings and assumptions . 
  affirmative action does manifest as explicit reasoning , and so the `` racism '' and `` sexism '' of it are openly on display , even though it 's really an attempt to consciously override a subconscious bias . 
  this is a very broad subject , and a very interesting one . 
  it 's almost impossible ( if not truly impossible ) for humans to make a perfectly unbiased choice given the subconscious biases you mention . 
  if you 're interested on the subject from an advertising viewpoint , i reccomend you to read `` seducing the subconscious : the psychology of emotional influence in advertising '' by dr. robert heath and [ this study ] ( http://www.ussc.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/research-and-publications/research-projects-and-surveys/miscellaneous/15-year-study/chap4.pdf ) ( page 5 ) for a us law perspective . 
  if the us governemnt study is to be trusted , it 's curiously * women * who benefit on their gender for the exact same crimes commited as men to receive more lenient sentences . 
  countering biases towards demographics is a pressing issue that has to be adressed.however , i 'd be more concerned about police officers being properly trained to counter these biases ( especially when their response speed can be the difference between life and death ) . 
  thanks for the effort . 
  your hypothesis looks good . 
   there is no point to debating people on the internet to begin with . 
  i disagree ; there is a point on debating people on the internet : fulfilling your needs for sick fun . 
  maturing is for fruits !, 
  [ my criticism on the article following a debate with a srd user who agrees with the article ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/4kqykr/rkotakuinaction_is_hate_subreddit_of_the_day/d3jh03g?context=3 ) . 
  that 's exactly my point !, 
  that 's why i 'm trying to look for much higher quality arguments regarding kia being a hate subreddit . 
  i do n't exclude the fact that they may indeed be considered a hate subreddit , but i just ca n't find conclusive evidence to support that claim . 
  i 've gone trough the pains on analyzing both sections of the article and the `` niggerfaggot '' comment is the only , in my opinion that does support the claim . 
  hardly any other is not cherry picking . 
  if all the citations on the article were just like that one , i 'd definitely call kia a hate subreddit ; but it 's not the case . 
  that 's the only quoted comment in the two parts that really puts kia in a bad light . 
  if the overabundance of material quoted were indeed like this particular thread in the sense that they 're representative , i 'd dub kia as a hate subreddit . 
  such reactionary talk is n't helping me or outsiders to see kia as a non-hate subreddit . 
   look for people saying misogyny in this thread . 
  these people are inot worth debating, 
  claiming an entire group of people are not worth debating based on a cue like this is irrational and not promoting of sane , levelheaded debate . 
  perhaps you have encountered many sjws/feminists who are closed to debate as well , but being willful to debate them and risking losing your time and effort is a risk you should undertake if you claim to support your views on facts and logic . 
  lumping people under a banner given an arbitrary sign is a reaction based on personal values and feelings . 
  so why do n't you try to distinguish yourself from the crowd you dislike for being irrational by not being irrational yourself ? 
  to call other 's arguments `` parroting talking points '' does n't lead to a meaningful conversation . 
  the user did n't conclude kia is a hate subreddit , they just pointed out kia users are very prone to deny/attack people who have a different view than them . 
  your defense of the subreddit by attacking the users who have a view you do n't share is unnecessary , uncivil and not called for . 
  limit yourself to provide evidence supporting your claims and * respectfully * call others on their lack of context/fallacious arguments/false evidence . 
   opposing the anti-free speech tactics of so-called social justice warriors is one thing , but actively and obsessively disagreeing not with their views on free speech , but rather their views that we should fight against systematic discrimination ... yeah , that 's pretty hateful, 
    how about the stance of `` i do n't want my hobby to be overrun with political ideologues that advocate blacklists for people who do n't agree with them '' ? 
  is that hateful too ? 
  they did n't provide any resource to support their claim . 
  i might as well take it into account with a large pinch of salt , it 's not like i ca n't have judgement of my own . 
  the argument is that most kia users are always feeling attacked ( and attitudes like yours reinforce this notion ) . 
  while it 's ok to dispel the lies of sjw 's and feminists who propagate lies , some people may feel so threatened , that their fear turns into hate . 
  and then hateful comments like the one about `` nigerfaggots '' become massively upvoted and then regular ; inviting bigots and effectively turning the sub into a hate sub . 
  personally , i do n't think kia is a hate sub yet . 
  but i think it may spiral down if they are not careful and control the paranoia of their users . 
   all we wanted was to not be lied about . 
  to not be smeared by the media . 
  to not have our speakers shut down . 
  to not be accused of horrible things because somebody needed a boogeyman . 
  how would you feel if it was your community that was treated that way ? 
  my community * is * being treated that way by a person who may be the next president of the united states , no less . 
  i empathize with you in the sense that when you 're emotionally attached to a group you belong , you can react pretty bad when it 's being attacked ( trust me , i 've been there ) . 
  but that does n't justify doing the exact same things you condemn onto others , no matter how outrageous the other side 's claim is . 
  if you want to tear other 's arguments apart ; use cold , boring -- as opposed to heated and reactionary -- logic and an inclusive -- not condescending -- tone , even to people who hate you . 
   and to correct you op , kia is fighting the ethics in journalism , particularly in video games as they have been known to be very corrupt for a long time , even before gamergate became a thing . 
  i see . 
  it 's just that there are so many non-journalism related posts -- but sjw related , at this time there are only two posts on the front page related to gaming and both are stickied -- posts , it does lead to think the * main * focus in not video game journalism anymore . 
   lastly , that hsotd post is heavily biased : `` ultimately , gg would be the straw that broke the camel 's back for misogynists on the internet . '', 
  this is really bad rhetoric if you want to try and be objective . 
   the post also mentions sarkeesian 's kickstarter back in 2012 , but fails to mention that even though she raised 158.000 dollars out of 6.000 she needed , she still hasnt delivered on her promise . 
  to make 12 videos in the tropes vs. women series that were supposed to done in december 2012 . 
  that made a lot of people feel betrayed as they threw a lot of money after her . 
  it also fails to recognize that in many of her videos she nitpicks a lot and her view on sexist tropes are heavily skewed . 
  not to mention many female tropes also applies to the male tropes . 
  this is what i got pretty downvoted for pointing out in my srd critique of hsrofd . 
   all in all , kia is not a hate subreddit , because its focus is not on hating or furthering a hateful narrative , but about being informative in a niche area and some people do not like that . 
  and that 's okay . 
  i agree with your points . 
  however , i do think you guys need to keep on doing sensible moderation and be wary of catastrophizing by other users . 
  their fear may make the sub lose its sarcastic tone and make it veiled hateful behavior . 
  if kia is a hate subreddit , it 's diluted in cubic meters of water , but it does n't sound like it 's the case to me . 
  ** edit : ** how would you respond to [ this claim ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/4lg0n1/cmv_kotaku_in_action_is_not_a_hate_subreddit/d3n3hvd?context=3 ) ? . 
  zhangar supported the view that kia is not a hate subreddit by providing evidence to support their claim . 
  it 's not necessary to attack people whom you disagree with . 
  i edited the post so you could look at the post where i took the argument from ( too late apparently ) . 
  hope you can see it earlier today , but you still made some good points . 
  thank you for you contribution . 
  sleep well !, 
  that was the quote i wanted you to debate , and you did it . 
   we do use slurs and hate speech , but in sarcasm in a bubble where everyone is in on the fact that it is not meant to be taken seriously . 
  that 's what hate subreddits do . 
  especially r/the _ donald , that has taken its `` innocent circlejerk '' to a whole new level . 
  i consider the_donald a hate subreddit , as they post content giving a negative light very broad groups of people they consider `` dangerous '' and reinforcing a climate of hatred `` based on statistics '' . 
  what 's worse , they want everything to reach r/all in order to reach as many people as possible , so their hate is not contained , but actively spread ( it 's not as bad now , though ; only one or two of their posts reach the first page of r/all ) . 
  they are -- were ? 
  i have n't visited in a while -- outspoken and had the `` themes '' misandryomgguize was pointing at . 
  however , so far , it seems to me the intensity of kia 's circlejerk is nowhere close the_donald 's -- though it may get there if moderation stops being adequate ; some trends faintly start to take shape -- and there is not sufficient evidence to deem kia a hate subreddit . 
  the response to gamerghazi 's ex-mod is surprising : for a hate subreddit , you guys are extremely -- and i mean really extremely -- welcoming and civilized . 
  u/misandryomgguize , you were the one with the most solid argument for kia being a hate subreddit . 
  how could you debate zhangar 's argument ?
