  i 'll check 'em out after i reach my objective . 
  u/kyrmana : enfj 's with big boobs confirmed , either men or women . 
  now i have to discover why is that so and if possible how to import that to intp girls . 
  no wait , which is the most common type of women , again ? 
  edit : thanks neffi !, 
  reals before feeeels ? 
  it has come to my mind how symbolic babies are for the entire world . 
  they represent * innocence * . 
  that 's the reason why there are people who call themselves `` pro-life '' , yet willing to shoot people over property like it was the wild west . 
  the baby was so innocent ... why did those soulless brits kill him ? 
  hold on to ya butts : roe vs. wade is getting overturned in this presidential period , mark my words . 
  actually imma save this comment right now for when it happens . 
  do they have him hanging next to their witcher series ' posters ? 
  i love this . 
  i love this comment so much . 
  you just made a person who is probably thousands of kilometers away from you laugh out loud and i thank you for it , good sir/madame . 
  mexico city encompasses 15 million people alone . 
  mexico city 's metropolitan area comprises around 25 million souls . 
  iztapalapa has like ... more people than iceland lmao . 
  edit : ok , as of late i have gotten quite a bad habit of saying stuff without fact-checking so i went through some sources real quick . 
  apparently [ the last official census ] ( http://www.beta.inegi.org.mx/app/areasgeograficas/?ag=09 ) - from the national institute of geography and statistics - available for mexico city asserts that it is around 25,000 people shy of 9 million within its borders . 
  according to [ this document in pdf ] ( https://www.google.com.mx/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=http://www3.diputados.gob.mx/camara/content/download/224483/584470/file/zm%2520del%2520valle%2520de%2520m%25c3%2589xico.pdf&amp;ved=0ahukewipgnki9krvahvh5yykhzs3dpoqfghlmay&amp;usg=afqjcneoivflml7hrqvudhxzipvtzxzofg ) from the c\u00e1mara de diputados ( which somehow is our equivalent of the american house of representatives ) citing the aforementioned institute , iztapalapa had 1 820 888 people . 
  however , it looks like they did this on the fly because they did n't include properly cited sources , nor the date when the data was picked up from . 
  it was likely a slide for a regular congressional session . 
  if it is to be trusted the metropolitan area had 19\u00a0239\u00a0910 people past 2010 . 
  for some reason the first website does n't show the total population of iztapalapa , when sorted by district . 
  also i do n't have a way to know how many people lived in iceland near 2015 , the year when the last census was done in mexico to have a metric for comparison . 
  considering how masterfully seth mcfarlane explained iran-contra in american dad , i expected more from this clip . 
  did they pull the plug or did she miraculously wake up just when they were about to do that ? 
  easy , it 's all about convenience . 
  when convenient , france is ( and will aaaaalways be ) `` our first ally '' . 
  any other time , cheese-eating surrendering monkeys . 
  funny how they conveniently ignore how w invaded and distabilized an entire region but barry just sent a quiet navy seal team to dispatch him . 
  yes , i abhor his drone policy too , but i had to pick the lesser of two evils , i 'll pick my nigga any day . 
  that 's why i would support a language regulator for english , but people get defensive on that subject ... 
  i 'm interested in ancient norse culture and i often wonder if the finnish , swedish , norwegian and danish languages resemble old norse ( assuming the four of them stemmed from it ) . 
  many lanuages have conservative spellings . 
  although i concede it would be much easier for foreigners to learn a laguage that has regular pronunctiation ; conservative spelling pretty much does n't allow that . 
  proximity to russia makes that sound coherent ( i know very little about finland , as you can see ) . 
  so if i knew russian , do you think it would give me an edge at learning finnish ? 
  people say that russian and polish are way too distant from one another , but russian and ukranian are not so much . 
  where does finland stand on that issue ? 
  which languages do you speak ? 
  holy shit i just made it past the first comment in the series . 
  no , i 'm a mexican dude but i 'm slowly learning russian . 
  well , you bitched about french , so your native is probably either french or english , as the brits appear to have an incontrollable impulse to hate on the french . 
  but your username contains the spanish determinate article `` el '' , so that may be a hint . 
  i did n't venture into your post history because that would spoil it . 
  also , i think the spanish are still butthurt about trafalgar so more `` evidence '' to my bs guess . 
  poliglots usually focus on the most widely spoken languages because they 're useful , so lets go with :, 
  * english, 
  * spanish, 
  * french, 
  * chinese/japanese , logograms rule . 
  * a dialect of arabic ( likely egyptian or the one from saudi arabia ), 
  * fuck it , lets go with polish . 
  edit : i 'm a dumbass , i just remebered the french actually joined the spaniards against the brits . 
  whatever ... 
  hhhmmmm ... 
  if the finns have little to do with the norse , how come they adopted the nordic cross as their flag ? 
   does n't everybody ? 
  xd wtf is wrong with them spanish people to join the french ? 
  ask lord nelson . 
  thanks for the heads up about portuguese . 
  ok , i 'm picking japanese because of hentai . 
  scratch arabic , replace it with german ; it 's more `` commercial '' . 
  it 's not a problem at all ; it 's just that i became baffled by the level of detail : i thought there would be only one large comment , but there are like 5 of them . 
  it 's not a text wall . 
  it 's a japanese walled city ( provided it exists ) . 
  not a weeb ? 
  the dragon master atop the mountain is looking at me with his disdainful eyes as i return in shame and embarrasment from my treasonous ways . 
  now i shall never become a shaolin monk . 
  ok , so my inner sherlock tells me that you really hate the french so much you do n't speak their language !, 
  sacre blue !, 
  awwright ... 
  final shot : those two i missed should be closely related , judging from your previous replies . 
  you can speak spanish and portuguese , otherwise you woul n't have noticed that little mistake i made ** on purpose muthafaka that 's ri ** not really , but it was a lucky hint . 
  i 'm really getting a strong hunch you 're european . 
  so my couple of pairs are dutch and afrikaans or russian and an ex-soviet country 's language which could be 1 in around 15 , but i 'm going to pick ukraine because their fromer female prime minister is hoooot . 
  unless . 
  you are a cleric ; the pope knows like a shit ton of languages , 2 of which are latin and greek ... 
  english , spanish , portuguese , german , japanese , dutch and afrikaans . 
  and you 're more dutch than the flying dutchman sailing through the dam to flood those tulips while smoking weed . 
  to hell with it . 
  they look pretty civilized . 
  i was expecting something more tmnt-ey . 
  will you do the fandangooo ? 
  sensible advise . 
  not advice , but holy shit this thread is awesome . 
  those are old games . 
  i crave old games . 
  how can i find the lotr game and morrowind for xbox360 , or are you a part of the pc masterrace ? 
  edit : and dark souls . 
  i ca n't die without whooping ornstein 's and smoug 's asses . 
  at first i did n't like the idea of taking advantage of glitches becuase that `` was n't playing the game right '' . 
  but getting a little more immerse in the smash community and having watched siglemic 's mad speedruns i can see how insanely precise these guys are , and the gameplay actually looks much more aesthetic that the way we mortals play . 
  will he take a cab ? 
  no , he travels by \u00dcber . 
  awesome comment . 
  we ask the questions that nobody else dares to .
