  jokes aside , when political tensions rise to extreme levels , happenings like those can snowball into protests , armed conflicts and changes in power structures . 
  the struggle that ended racial segregation ( by law ) in the us started when an old african american lady refused to give her seat to a young caucasian man on a bus . 
  this is a new level of confusion , as now we 're unable to know if you 're referring to aladeen ^ + , aladeen ^ - or aladeen himself . 
  ( if `` bandit '' was what you meant ), 
  no , that 's just customary venezuelan spanish . 
  my dad is an airplane pilot , once we went to venezuela and stated the regular protocol communications with the control tower as he was approximating the landing runway . 
  he asked for clarifications 3 times , because he could n't understand the control tower operator 's instructions ( mostly because of their accent , not so much because of regionalisms , to be fair ) . 
  after that his copilot and himself decided it was better to speak in english from that time on . 
  the tower complied and they landed smoothly ... 
  so you want to become one of us , huh ? 
  like every other type of trooper you 'll face it 's specific challenges . 
  hunt . 
  rebels . 
  ** period . 
  did you see [ this poster ] ( http://www.starwarsepics.com/gallery/data/510/tie_pilot.jpg ) ? 
  it 's true , we have to compensate for our large numbers ( siennar makes the basic tie 's including interceptors cheap by not including life support or shields , but more maneuverable than rebel ships , thus giving us usually a numerical advantage and performance advantage over the rebel scum ) but it comes at a price : some beginners never make it past their first mission , you have to learn the rough way , so most likely you 'll get accepted in the navy , as replenishment for tie fighter pilots is in permanent demand ( we all start flying tie 's after you complete a certain number of missions you can apply for exams to become a pilot of another type of vessel , the more complex , the higher the number of missions you have to complete [ in our case 10 ] , and the greater the risk you 're exposed ) . 
  there 's a saying we whisper to ourselves , it says : `` in the power fest of the emperor it 's difficult to tell from the expendable glasses and the expendable plates , if the plates are the stormtroopers or the starpilots '', 
  when i graduated we were assigned not to a team but to a star destroyer . 
  they do n't even bother to assign us to a task force because statistically , we 're most likely to die within the first 5 missions . 
  after that we get assigned to companies and teams . 
  my initial company was of 12 teammates ( once i became an interceptor pilot , of course ) who were rotated on each mission on teams of 6 . 
  out of the 12 we 're only three left now . 
  all others passed away . 
  but i guess it 's no shields all guts . 
  no shields all guts ... 
  no problem !, 
  no need to apologize . 
  by the way , you nailed me . 
  i 'm a native spanish speaker . 
  but i 'm mexican , not venezuelan . 
  i tried to point cultural differences to have fun . 
  learning japanese ? 
  cool !, 
  i 'm learning russian , just for the fun of it . 
  no , it 's actually not very difficult to get in flight school because we need permanent replenishment . 
  so , as you may have noticed , the difficult part is actually surviving to tell the tale . 
  studying helps but its the `` gut instinct '' the one that keeps you alive . 
  i guess extensive education and training is needed for special ground troops like you , who carry the big guns . 
  on a test , i got a 4 as much as i got a 9 ( as a wing , but of course my wing should be the 4 because it 's standing next to the 5 ) . 
  the more you know !, 
  thanks for the correction . 
  i agree . 
  perhaps if we were intps type 3 or 8 we would fight our paralysis problem much better . 
  * welcome to the brotherhood . 
  perhaps if i read little chunks everyday ... 
  i 'll give it a try !, 
  and yes , on both enneagram and mbti forums they concur the enneagram is more robust and personal than mbti . 
  i thought intp was more like acuarius ( which is my type ) . 
  can you be 5w7 ? 
  i thought your wing was necessarily a number next to your main number . 
  could you link the test itself ? 
  i 'm the opposite ( not inverse ) of you . 
  i 'm studying engineering but i want to be an animator , in order to do that i have to first be good in fine art drawing before i move on to my own style ( or at least that 's what many youtube videos say ) . 
  nevertheless i do want to live from engineering . 
  if you had to say an hour number between having 0/poor skills and drawing like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2xqdzon60k&amp;feature=iv&amp;src_vid=ggry1c-ioj4&amp;annotation_id=annotation_1697756183 ) [ kinda nsfw ] how many would you say it 'd take ? 
  also , how can you measure/notice progress ? 
  i 've noticed i get encouraged to go on long projects when i can measure my advance . 
  strange ... 
  i got a 6 on this one , but all three enneagram tests i 've take coincide i have 4 and 9 as my secondary in equal parts . 
  i guess i 'll have to dig deeper and read books in order to assess my type , just like in mbti . 
  now , last of all , would you recommend learning to draw and pairing that up with learning to animate or just going for animation after i 've reached a desired level of drawing ? 
  well yes , the first tests on fighter school filter applicants according to a minimum skill set necessary ( talent ) to become functional and fit in the needs of the empire . 
  there are great differences between operating a bomber , a fighter and a shuttle , just in the same way the skills of a snowtrooper are valuable to the snowtrooper corps but might as well be useless to the purposes of the flametrooper corps , and so on . 
  there is a place for everyone in the empire , a regular cadet guard is no better than a trash compactor officer and an emperor 's guard is no better than any of the previous two . 
  we 're all an integral and necessary part of the empire , even when some positions are more `` glamorous '' than others . 
  on the other hand , your initial lack of fighting skills most likely saved your life and let you operate in a functional way for the empire . 
  the procedures are standardized for a reason . 
  what 's the most satisfying part of being a shuttle operator , in your experience ? 
  all right !, 
  i thought you jumped from shuttle operator to heavy gunner . 
  i simply ca n't blame the engineers . 
  he has a point . 
  thank you for the letter . 
  there is another test called '' [ the enneagram ] ( https://www.enneagraminstitute.com/how-the-enneagram-system-works/ ) '' . 
  the first number is your main type , the `` w '' stands for wing ( the `` supportive '' type of personality ) and the number right to the `` w '' is your wing , ( your wing can be either the number before or after your main type e.g : 5w6 , 2w1 ), 
  more info on the subreddit . 
  i do n't want to give you a kneejerk reaction , but keep going , keep flowing . 
  the hardest part ( the approach ) is over now . 
  now , why do n't you invite him to somehwere quiet/peaceful , so you can meet each other and develop rapport better and further ? 
  ( like a not crowded park or something ), 
  he took his risk and sat in your table , it requires a lot of courage to do that . 
  the mere fact that you ask him out may communicate `` i care about you , and i 'm interested in you !, 
  '' , and a reward for his bravery . 
  i hope this thing about you two goes fine !, 
  i hope linda glocke has a hell of a great time destroying isis !, 
  i was thinking about inviting him somewhere to build rapport i.e `` exchange info about you '' . 
  but i 've read some intps get stressed for that . 
  ( i actually did , but not anymore ), 
  perhaps the movies and an ice-cream cone on the way back to your apartments will do . 
  edit : perhaps the goal of this going out will be communicating : i like you !, 
  * this is totally not a date ... * but suddenly i wan na hang out with you more often , i dunno , things happen \u2665, 
  i was just about to post that !, 
  damn ... perhaps [ party music ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ka9galexueo ) will do !, 
  perhaps he 's genuinely busy or the first encounter was too much emotion to handle for him . 
  he might be banging his head against a wall for not rainchecking . 
  i suggest you wait for some time to pass ( like two weeks or so ) and then try again , speak to him casually in the meantime . 
  if he shies away from you after that well ... intp things i guess ... 
  i love disney , pixar and disney/pixar movies . 
  they have this kind of `` magic '' in them . 
  and they 're superbly made , did you know the producing studio for the song recording in other languages than english is as big and important as the animation studio ( which is huge ) ?
