  let the libertarians deal with that concept . 
  people will happily give even more money to the military to buy stuff that soldiers do n't even need . 
  seriously , look up for some askreddit threads about veterans . 
  but then again , it 's your choice . 
  hummmm ... well , it looks like physical prowess is off the charts , mate . 
  why not going for an artistic ability ? 
  i hazily remember a documentary where a member of m\u00f6tley cr\u00fce said that they formed the band to get laid , and coming from cr\u00fce , it seems extrrmely plasuible . 
  cheer up mate . 
  people in much worse conditions than us pull this trick off . 
  i know it sounds false and generic , coming from the other end of the screen but i think you 've seen that strangers can come on together for support . 
  and one last thing : do n't look for women as your source of happiness . 
  do n't look for money , social status , beauty or anything , as there are many clear examples of people who `` had it all '' and were empty inside ( robin williams come to mind , seriously wtf ) . 
  none of that will get you happiness , its something that you yourself will have to find in your insides . 
  it works fine for me , despite de not just you bot reply . 
  if you 're intrested the book is `` middle egyptian : an introduction to the language anf culture of hieroglypghs '' by james p. allen . 
  you can google it for the pdf . 
  half-baked things wo n't take you anywhere because humans have a high bar set for the feeling of awe . 
  if you 're going for the muscular body , the standard is to be ripped like a giorgio armani model . 
  less that that wo n't do . 
  if you 're gon na get into music , you have to be dead serious as well and try to tap onto the mainstream . 
  singing or playing for yourself wo n't do . 
  man , i do n't even know if it will be worth it - having sex with gorgeous women , provided i succeed - but you know what ? 
  knowing we 're capable of pulling off what we set our minds to is worth it by itself . 
  yeah , i know the standard stereotype for intps is being contented with knowing stuff and not executing , but there comes a point in our lives where the execution ca n't be postponed any longer . 
  when i feel betrayed , my mind immediately devises revenge or fantasizes on violence or something . 
  then it goes away and nothing bad happens . 
  oh god ... my very underdeveloped se makes it difficult for me to get to know instruments or tools and i really procrastinate on using them for fear of screweing up . 
  i learn how to use machines ( manufacturing mill , cars ) very slowly . 
  but i did see it later on ... 
  whoever dares to report anything on piracy that is not crazy torture or child porn shall have to spend the afterlife feeding gaben with ice cream for eternity while at the same time being mercilessly whiplashed by that pink ninja , being forced to endlessly listen to pewdipie laughing and having naked hannah minx at touch distance but her skin makes yours burn . 
  lmao , i literally got interested because of `` the mummy returns '' . 
  in retrospect is a very bad movie . 
  but it 's still kickass . 
  how about [ this link ] ( https://www.google.com.mx/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=http://www.um.es/cepoat/egipcio/wp-content/uploads/egyptianhierogly.pdf&amp;ved=0ahukewjkh-2j2-3uahuk6iykhyg7cqwqfggimai&amp;usg=afqjcnexecabjgz32ehxvqv-lgnaienrma ) ? 
  i see ... 
  did n't open the link . 
  team america theme ? 
  such a wasted oportunity to say : you 'd be dying from ebola in sierra leone . 
  does n't make it any less ignorant , but it hurts more . 
  * cue x-files theme * . 
  we killed their emissiary , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  the two easterntmost dots seem like around tenessee to me , then missouri to the left , then nebraska and colorado at the westernmost . 
  may be wrong , though . 
  hey , hey ... easy now . 
  the mummy returns is the movie that made us think that a religious sect of arab muslims draped in black clothing and beheading living things in the name of allah was a good and cool thing . 
  he did praise mussolini once in twitter . 
  it 's a little surprising how some of you regulars seem so amused by this . 
  it used to be on top of the sidebar for a while . 
  ca n't remember if it was there before or after the moon landing allusion ( which was the image before our shiny , new beer image . ), 
  it 's not supposed to , but some themes are so repetitive that once in a while it hits the spot with a random quote about the subject at hand ; for example a quote aboout pizza in a pizza in a pizza thread , about diversity on a diversity thread and so on . 
  they say attacking is the best defense ... 
  im not even american , but every time that someone like pence advocates teaching creationism in public schools on the grounds that `` it is just a theory '' and therefore judeo-christian mythology with a veneer of theocracy has the same validity as the big bang theory or evolution , i get ultra triggered . 
  you know , theories that still have that name because we dont have a damned time machine ( yet ) to go look at it for ourselves , and that accumulate more and more evidence of being correct as time goes by . 
  i think i \u00b4 m self aware , but still incredibly stubborn . 
  you got me interested in the first three titles . 
  cringe is an emotion provoked by social awkwardness ( read : inability to empathize ) . 
  * it 's usually caused when people make it too obvious that they 're trying to be liked or provoke a positive emotion , provoking a negative emotion instead . 
  example : a magician or a comedian failing to perform a trick in front of an audience ( the larger and fancier the crowd , the more cringey it will be ) . 
  * doing over-the-top acts that fall off social conventions and limits . 
  when i mentioned the word `` empathize '' i do n't mean the sense of trying to do something for a sodding little girl or aiding the poor , but instead i mean ** empathize in the sense of * connecting * to people ** ( sadly , something that does n't have a manual yet ) . 
  in conclusion , i would recommend to stop trying to come up with excentricities when entering a new social group in order to try to gain approval ( like intpals in this thread , a good pun for me but cringey for some others ) , and also do n't fall too far off cultural norms in your area . 
  well , i 'm not bringing actual advise to the table , but some empathy . 
  i 'm 25 just like you and i 'm on my second attempt at college . 
  my problem though , was not being too scatterbrained , but too stubborn not to quit and look for a better environment for me . 
  i 've felt that sense of desperation before . 
  it 's hard to break off of the spiral but you can do it . 
  if you feel ashamed for living with your mom at 25 , tell her it 's time to go and provide for yourself . 
  if you feel like you ca n't hold a job , then set yourself to hold a job for a definite amount of time , it does n't matter if it 's a small thing at a retail store ; the point is to prove yourself that you can do things . 
  i 'm learning russian , middle egyptian and just enroled to a gym . 
  what i love about these actvities is that * at last * i can follow through progress objetively ( ffs learning how to read egyptian hieroglyphs is utterly useless , but it 's something i like ) , which in turn makes me * feel * like making progress . 
  confidence will return that way . 
  [ might want to reconsider ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/cfbkx/im_85_certain_that_there_is_an_adult_actress_in/c0s5w6t/ ) . 
  never look for romantic advise on the basis of mbti . 
  if the internet is to be trusted , isabel briggs meyers said herself that she would n't have married her husband if she knew his type in advance . 
  besides , type means little in romantic relationships because people are pretty different . 
  you can group many people ony single type and you 'll see how they have different life stories and values . 
  may be in a few months ' time , though . 
  wrong subreddit . 
  the exit is over [ there ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/infp/ ) , kid . 
  seriously , though ... 
  being in love is not a frequent emotion for me . 
  the few times it happened were intense , but i do n't know if i 'll ever be able to feel it again . 
  point is , i do n't think you can fall in love * for fun * ; at least not with our cognitive preferences . 
   it 's an inert gas and your body does not require it to function . 
  kr on the other hand , would come in handy if you were lex luthor . 
  maybe performance anxiety ruins things for you . 
  however , i would n't say it 's an exclusive of intps , but of people in general . 
  withdrawing in the face of expectation is a way to protect your feelings ; you ca n't fail if you do n't compete . 
   how do people start having sex, 
  you would be surprised to hear that there 's not a perfectly consistent and universally accepted answer to that question yet . 
  it 's something that you 'll have to figure yourself , when the time 's right . 
   i know older people have sex ( like how often ? ), 
  and that many have `` casual '' sex with people who are n't necessarily close to you . 
  that depends a lot on the people having the sex . 
  people have very different attitudes ranging from the most religiously uptight to the dangerously libertine ( you can have a healthy but copious sex life , though ) . 
  some couples are married and they do n't have that much sex , others are not married and still , they have lots of sex . 
  username checks out ? 
  goose , i 'm getting tired of this shit . 
  when i hit the breakes he 'll fly right by . 
  i completely concur with your sentiment .
