  * then he snuck using his wit and the power of the one ring to rescue his master while his spirit was opressed by the evil of mordor and the ring . 
  he carried frodo on his back to the entrance of mt. 
  doom and fought orcs and gollum beside shelob while in mordor . 
  * he convinced faramir to let him and his master go , thus preventing the ring from falling into the feeble and corruptible hands of men , which would have led to the ringwraiths finding faramir , slaying him and bringing an end to the free peoples of middle earth . 
  * he planted a mallorn tree near bag end which was the only one outside of valinor or l\u00f3rien . 
  * do not understimate him , elrond . 
  samwise gamgee is one tempered whorespawn * -- gandalf . 
   is that like saying `` he 's one hard son of a bitch '' nowadays, 
  that 's exactly what i had in mind while writing it . 
  well , what did we learn today ? 
  before you yell at people you feel offended by , some context wo n't hurt in most occasions . 
  i do n't get it ... 
  are americans afraid of the jews because they `` control the u.s '' or do they pledge their inconditional love and support for israel ? 
   he tried to blame the holocaust on the palestinians . 
  like , the nazi holocaust ? 
  damn . 
  talk about a populist !, 
   most palestinians and israelis are good , falafel-loving people . 
  israel has the right to exist and no one should be punished for the crimes done by their ancestors . 
  yeah ... 
  this is such a complicated issue . 
  modern israel is not so old , it has n't even been around for 100 years , so the israeli occupation is pretty `` recent '' , country-wise . 
  israel is a modern , economic power that thrives in exporting technology ; and i think this fact , coupled with them being a modern , `` western '' society makes palestine look `` barbaric '' , even though their claims to the land are justified . 
  the fact that the palestinians keep electing hamas because of * internal affairs * does n't help very much either . 
  now , there are innocents on both sides of the strip but the killing and the hatred rages on , and will probably keep on raging for generations . 
  i would say `` god help these people '' , but god seems to be a major cause of it . 
  so he 'd better stay out . 
  to be fair , it 's an awesome artwork . 
  my eyes are not very educated in art . 
  did you take art lessons ? 
   the giant eagle head should be shifted slightly to one side ( to apply the golden ration, 
  care to explain ? 
  i know the golden ratio is about 1.6 , but i ca n't really see the proportions in this image ; i 'm mostly blown off by the detail on the eagle 's head . 
  ohhh !, 
  thanks for the example !, 
  `` the lazy girl 's guide to threesomes '' . 
  #i know how to fix this !, 
  sgt. ... look , we got ta have an honest conversation about this , man . 
  i have n't seen such a jinx on reddit since the ddrober2003 and harper lee one . 
  i 'll tell you what : how about you keep in touch with wissam , jebus and the rest of the bunch and you log off of reddit for ... let 's say two weeks and see what * does n't happen * . 
  if all of these violence keeps happening then it 's just not you . 
  if else , then ** do not log on reddit ** and go to reddit 's hq to tell the admins personally about what 's happening so they delete your account and presto !, 
  world peace . 
  i 'm ignorant on arab ( i presume you 're muslim ) culture , but i 've thought that perhaps one of the worst possible settings for an intp is to be an girl in a strict conservative religious environment . 
  culture has to do a lot on how you respond to situations , in my opinion . 
  i 'm mexican and i think `` free college '' -- it 's paid by taxes , actually -- is an inalienable right ; unlike many americans who think guns are the inalienable right and you have to work your ass off for absolutely everything you need/want . 
  perhaps you act this way because you were educated like that , even if you 're conscious about it . 
  it 's a survival mechanism . 
  now , i do n't know what you mean with `` harmony '' trait : do you mean agreeableness from the big 5 ? 
  if i perceive danger in the physical world , i tend not to call out people if they do something wrong -- like littering -- and did an embarrasing ammount of mental gymastics before developing low tolerance and calling the police on to an abusive neighbor who beats his children . 
  no , you 're not alone . 
  australia is untouchable , it 's protected by athena or something ; australia to getting attacked would be an inverse miracle . 
  the only thing i can think of is an american gun nut getting fed up by aussie 's clean record , and assaulting some civilians to spoil it . 
  but that 's just stupid ; it 's never going to happen . 
  great picture . 
  hmmm ... perhaps you could ask somebody to help you take a picture or put a tripod or something . 
  your ass is so round and big it does n't quite fit in the picture . 
  also , the rest of your body looks nice . 
  ever thought about posting to r/curvy ? 
  it 's r/curvy , not r/heavy . 
  we love all round females and i think you apply . 
  it 's still up to you . 
  edit : this just in -- you 're the person in the picture , right ? 
  yes , you 're right . 
  you do n't quite have that pear-shaped build . 
  but we still love round buttlocks , i 'd say go for it . 
  damn . 
  big ass , slender body and heavenly face . 
  enjoy your beauty , woman . 
  enjoy your beauty indeed . 
  i just love women , with lots of different shapes and faces . 
  i have a fetish for the curvy ones but i really have a broad scope . 
  keep in mind that not all women can strive for a certain type of body because of how fat distributes according to genetics , diet , energetic efficiency , bone structure , long etc. 
  slender works perfect for you ( trust me ) , and putting some pounds may or may not work for you . 
  meh , give it a try if you feel like it . 
  you can always return to your skinny look if you want . 
  and crispy :9, 
  at least it 's honest about its denial ; unlike many americans . 
  gorgeous . 
  damn , it 's impossible to be mad at you !, 
  you could n't see a pink elephant if you had it right in front of your face . 
  the us was founded upon the notion that everyone and anyone has the right to become anything they choose to be as long as it does n't overstep other people 's rights ( or you were black , but that waas changed later ) . 
  it 's called growth mindset and it 's partially the reason why the us has a culture of development and innovation . 
  and yet these people think one 's mindset , life and your everyday desicions are invariably rooted and fixed in the dna . 
  i 'm seriously thrilled by the american belief that ethnicity equals culture . 
  i 'm also irritated by the need these people feel to sprinkle spanish words on daily english speak to sound more ... interesting ? 
  i do n't know . 
  and the icing on the cake is that they did n't even get the freaking grammar right . 
  in this context , it should be `` latinos * por * trump '' not `` para trump '' . 
  not a fixed one . 
  if you 're european white ( pick one of the many ethnicities that are `` white '' in europe ) and grow in japan , you 're going to be educated in japanese culture , regardless of your ethnicity . 
  one day , imma have a fucking amazing body like a greek god to upload this kind of picture and pay the favor back to these girls . 
  hot damn . 
   the palestinians have endured some pretty terrible shit but their claim to that land is not that strong and people that try to twist history around to make it seem like they 've been there for 2,000-4 ,000 years are really messed up . 
  and this was n't the case ? 
  if the bible is to be trusted then alexander the great expelled the jews from israel and somebody had to settle in to fill the void . 
  who was it if not the palestinian arabs ? 
   do you really think saddam hussein would hesitate to exterminate your absolutely haram life of sin against the prophet ? 
  #baaz motherfucker do you know what that means ? 
  actually , a huge part of the problem is how brief and vague it is ; another one is that many people believe the laws enacted by the founding fathers to be set in stone .
