  i personally do n't deal with this dilemma . 
  it 's much simpler for me : what 's the medical consensus about when does the pain starts to be felt ? 
  bellow the threshold : acceptable . 
  above the threshold : unacceptable ( unless it puts the mother 's life at risk and perhaps there could be some special considerations for rape victims ), 
  worked for him with hinata and her huge ~ ~ bossomy ~ ~ personality . 
  question from a non-american : is that the legitimately correct way to fold the american flag ? 
  well , i was just asking about the correct procedure to fold the flag ; i did n't mean anything about disposing it . 
  even though it would be nice to know the proper way to dispose of them according to american codes and statutes . 
  you know what i love about us mexicans invading other countries and stripping their wealth fron them ? 
  we do n't even need to spend taxes on it , nor use guns , nor kill or die in a systematic way . 
  ( so other countries wo n't hate us ), 
  hmmmm ... 
  so basically america with actual responsibilites ? 
  it also comments about the future in grammatical coherence . 
   its when they start getting organized and calling for specific , violent bigotry in state policy with some credibility that i think violence [ according to the situation and in proportional manner ] is an appropriate reaponse [ from competent law enforcement officials ], 
  fify, 
  i love you . 
  and your hips . 
  abandon all hope , americans !, 
  we will take back what is ours and even more with our improperly equipped military and our mighty air force that still uses ww2 era combat airplanes ; effectively losing our most important trade partner ( to whom we depend on to a large extent ) and engaging into conventional warfare where the us is unrivaled !, 
  not even pe\u00f1a nieto would be so stupid , and * believe me * : that 's saying a lot . 
  apart from the baby wearing the us flag , what 's the sad here ? 
  i understand many servicemen are deployed far away and not having physical contact is difficult in relationships , this is kind of a nice picture in my opinion . 
  we all do !, 
  great post by the way . 
  i do n't know hiw americans are willing to call china of all places `` irrelevant '' . 
  now the second economy in the word that threatens american supremacy in way not seen since the peak of the glorious ussr , and a strong military that is building a scary future if left unhinged . 
  but i guess if the us gets nuked to the stone age they will still be relevant in the concert if nations , for some reason . 
  question : did you actually laugh ? 
  i thought dramanauts were overly supportive of srs , this thread is proof that it 's not always the case . 
  #manifest destiny , motherfuckers . 
  anti srs and anti kia , you mean : this sub hates kia with burning passion . 
  now , that 's what i expect of moderators : to be calm and collected at all times . 
  it comes off as them having a better judgement when using the moderation tools . 
  so ... will [ this ] ( https://cdn1.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/rd7sfs1i0borm-5jfqcmqwgao9u=/0x0:640x427/1280x854/cdn0.vox-cdn.com/assets/2947959/dinosaur-tail-mexico.jpg ) basically be your summer ? 
  [ welcome ... to dramatic park ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d8zluurfk-m#t=1m26s ) . 
  edit : [ unix ] ( http://theinstructionlimit.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/unix-jurassic-park.jpeg ) , really ? 
  i do n't know why people are downvoting you . 
  even ` muricans can have a documentary in the form of a movie in rambo iv for this particular issue . 
   literally every time they lied . 
   `` oh we just want to do what we choose in our own bedrooms , but we 'll never want anything more '', 
  that 's kind of one 's business and you have no voice or vote on it , but whatever ... 
   `` oh we just want civil unions , but we 'll never want marriage '', 
  that 's the current situation , i believe ... 
   `` oh we just want to marry whom we love , but it 'll never affect your lives '', 
  this is where the fun starts : the whole premise of the civil union is that homosexual people will have all the benefits of marriage , but naming it in a different way and not making it an abrahamic religious ritual should be ok . that 's the reason why nobody should force them to go against their beliefs . 
  because otherwise , they 'll say we claim :, 
   `` we just want to be entitled to everyone else 's services '', 
   i 'm legitimately afraid that shapiro 's right , that in my lifetime churches who preach against homosexuality will lose their tax-exempt status , and homeschooling ( which is really the only option christians have now ) will be cracked down on . 
  which is bullshit ; but we 've come too far to be dishonest and risk it at this point . 
  these people have to be handled with extreme care , as [ at least one leader within their community was able to create change and endanger lives by promoting his bigotry ] ( http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2014/03/scott-lively-anti-gay-law-uganda ) . 
  that does n't mean all christians -- or catholics -- are exempt from the risk of having a dangerous activist . 
  evangelical protestantism is a branch of christianism and catholicism . 
  the important part of this is that religious people could be bigoted because they believe in a higher mission ; hence it 's healthy to keep an eye on these communities once in a while . 
  i 've read , submitted and commented on this sub for a while and i have read your posts and comments . 
  you seem a little depressed . 
  nobody is superior or inferior to anybody ; so do n't feel this way ( that 's an advice i could use myself , to be honest ) . 
  you 've known her for 10 months . 
  * in my dating experience * , that 's way too long for a romantic relationship to spark ; sexual attraction ( the one needed for everything to develop ) must happen probably within hours of meeting her , days at most . 
  in order to release yourself from the anxiety of `` what if i hit/declared my love on her ? '', 
  feeling , give it a try and do it ; just do n't collapse if she rejects you . 
  who knows ? 
  maybe she 'll say yes . 
  i love that movie . 
  but ironically , i do n't remember the details . 
  i 'll re-watch it and comment on this thread . 
  not systemic religious segregation or patrols in religious nighborghoods . 
  i was talking about being extremely critical of certain figure 's actions , and always question their teachings . 
  but alas , i want muslims to weed out their choudarys and evangelical protestants to do what 's due with their livelys by the voicing harsh opinions on them . 
  law enforcement officals must operate within law enforcement laws and principles . 
  try not advising her . 
  she likely knows what her faults are , and the least she needs it a person who is important to her bashing it on her face ( i know it 's not the case , but that 's how she may feel ) . 
  holy wholly wooly shit . 
  what 's your top 10 list of alt-right hotbeds on reddit ? 
  whoops . 
  i focused on the `` evangelical '' part and not on the `` protestantism '' part . 
  my point was that evangelical protestantism is englobed in christianity . 
  she wo n't answer this one ; that for sure m8 . 
  it depends on the person . 
  if the person is offended by public nudity , then it 's understandable that they 'll get offended if a woman pulls out a breast ( considered a sexual body part in most of the world ) ; does n't matter if she 's engaging in the most innocent activity ever . 
  you 're a rebel . 
  i dislike women not covering up because it comes off as exhibitionism , especially with the kind of attitude you 're sporting . 
  yes , you had a baby for whatever reason that happened in your life and it 's not our business what you did in your private life or the choices you made , so we can give you some concession about breastfeeding in public . 
  but you live in a society and it 's pretty much agreed worldwide that breasts are sexual part of women 's bodies . 
  and it 's perfectly understandable that some people wo n't avoid looking at breasts in a sexual way ( thus feeling offended by public nudity ) , weather there 's a baby blocking the view or not . 
  there are multiple ways to cover up ; some of them are even fashionable . 
  it 's really not much to ask for to cover up while nursing . 
   god bless america . 
  so allah , then ? 
  cared 0 % ; wrote a paragraph in reply . 
  white knigth much ? 
  bad luck , maybe ... 
  how are you sure that these men were intp to begin with ? 
  i 'm a magnet for extroverted feelers . 
  it 's actually cool . 
  she is kind and outgoing , but understands when i need time alone . 
  her only setback ( for me ) is that she can be too emotional at times . 
  i have n't ever been conflicted by her personality . 
  to get laid in college . 
  seriously though , even if you 're religious it 's important for you to know how to seduce a patner ( no , that does n't necessarily mean you 'll seduce ` the snake way '' ) for the time you do want to form a family .
