  killing in the name of religion is probably one of the oldest actions of humankind , it 's been done to justify invasions from much earlier than the development of islam , and the human mind is quite easy to manipulate , given the correct trigger : kill in the name of god , of country , of liberty , of vengeance , of following orders , of glory ... 
  in the end the act of taking another human life to suit people 's beliefs will keep on happening as long as humans exist , but i guess that it 's islam 's turn to rise and shine now that communism is gone . 
  are you ken in disguise ? 
  if only his name was `` men kenobi '' , though ... 
  - i do n't like trash ... 
  it 's smelly ... and it is everywhere . 
  [ says this while staring at eva 's chest . 
  [ you know what plays next ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=9nk_whhtqty#t=1m2s ) ], 
  i read it in st. foley 's voice . 
  tl ; dr : how about detaching morality and sense of self-worth from politics ? 
  perhaps americans could benefit of detaching every and any issue in their lives from politics . 
  in my perception , the function of democracy is to let people choose representatives who work in accordance to principles which they - the voters - can relate to and think that will lead the country to a better course . 
  sometimes people - especially when in large crowds - make mistakes and believe in populist lies ; that is a weak point of democracy that has to be accounted for . 
  but what i ca n't understand is why do people feel the need to pour their entire identity and moral values in politics ; everybody makes mistakes and nobody who voted for somebody who did something immoral in office is immoral because of voting for that person . 
  however it seems that people do feel the need to invest their identity on politics , which does a great job at polarizing people and passionately turning them agaisnt each other . 
  the article treats the very recent trump administration like it will soon become a full-blown fascist state . 
  sure , he 's said some pretty authoritarian things in a short period of time , but i thing is still too soon to call it out this way . 
  or maybe it would be fine to talk about how worrisome his tendencies are , but doing it * in a dispassionate way * where debating people does n't serve the purpose of feeding their ego , but to respectfully find ways in which citizens can use the power invested in their vote for the better . 
  not all heroes wear capes . 
  tl ; dr : stereotypical first nations speaking has a lot of merit in my eyes . 
  in all seriousness , there are heavy differences in grammar within languages that belong to different families , and people usually try to fill in the blanks borrowing elements from their own native languages . 
  for example , russian has no articles and people generally omit the verb `` to be '' , so it 's normal to hear something like `` bucket blue '' instead of '' * the * bucket * is * blue '' , which does come off with that barbarian stereotype vibe . 
  and nobody in their right mind could call the russians uncivilized ( come on , the cold war was partially a technological arms race ! ) . 
  language learning can be hard nowadays when we 're equipped with really powerful internet tools , but i think it was nightmarish back then when knowledge belonged to the church and you had to grasp it on your own . 
  no , it does n't . 
  they just feel it that way . 
  as americans ( god chosen people ) know , the purity of the 6th commandment is unquestionable , but the 5th is subject to the us constitution and especially the bill of rights . 
  perhaps it turned out well for you , but i think it 's quite an irresponsible thing to let any child ( or adult without proper checks ) handle a gun . 
  actually , apart of people using guns under extremely restricted environments , i think people having access to guns is extremely irresponsible and dangerous to begin with . 
  when i first saw it , i was already dazzled by the fight and i thought `` no waaaay ! '', 
  i thought it made it look cool . 
  like if both of tjem were too good . 
  qui gonn and obi wan vs. darth maul is actually slow in comparison to this one . 
  but it introduced us to star wars acrobatic lightsaber fights , rather than the kind of fights we saw at the original trilogy . 
  * they wo n't - a !, 
  tldr : i 'll begrudgingly concede that it can be a safe and positive experience for kids . 
  i 'm still not convinced but , alas , that 's what my commons sense tells me . 
  it 's like the predator-prey mathematical model : when there is a large population of prey , the predators start eating the prey and the predator population thrives while the prey diminishes , which provokes scarcity of food in predators and therefore , the predator population diminishes while the prey population replenishes due to lack of predators . 
  but would i leave the last bunch of endangered animals next to its predators !, 
  the science 's telling me no . 
  but my common sense ... my common sense is telling me yes !, 
  oh , come on ... 
  this thread is a repost . 
  somebody needed to karmawhore and the classical sas came up generously , as expected . 
  let 's wait for an exciting new event , like ... trump supporters defending trump after he declares the anschluss of mexico or something like that . 
  but of course this is is n't racism and whire supremacism . 
  calling it out is why trump won !, 
  is it because of him that beer is called `` booze '' ? 
  i did n't know they had to recite a pledge of allegiance in france . 
  * they 're fault, 
  they do n't like it so much when the king calls for austerity provisions and then gets hurt in a leisure trip to africa . 
  did n't notice when c-3po became so cool . 
  you put quite a bit of effort in defending the us . 
  i agree with you on this . 
  however , i think we should be critical of what constitutes a hate symbol ; racists love to adopt completely unrelated symbols as banners and then abandon them when they 're spotted like if they were thinking `` tee-hee , nobody knows we 're here ! '' . 
  like the 14/88 . 
  for somebody who lives in a country without the american-european kind of racism , `` 14/88 '' means `` 0.159 '' . 
  and if we scrutinized every single symbol they have hidden behind , you 'd notice that there are lots of innocuous symbols that normal people use as they were intended but some activists would falsely decry them as racist . 
  this breed of americans is a curiously special one : they need to have their feelings * validated * . 
  sure , the confederate flag is a symbol of racism and the defense of inhuman treatment that supposedly is unamerican , but if they sanitize it to pass it through as `` southern culture '' then it is good and should not be questioned . 
  that way they can display their symbol of racism and use it as a symbol of racism but claiming that it 's within the social norms ; that way they can feel * moral * while satisfying their vicious hate . 
  same for the `` justified '' use of the word `` nigger '' . 
  there 's also the bunch that circlejerks hard to being a southerner and does n't care it 's a symbol of racism and genuinely likes it , though . 
  by now it 's already been removed . 
  was it reddit_penis ? 
  [ is irax ] ( https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/proxy/kr9wkndfx5wh9jhs3hp7uyuktzvq_t2qbzkkztuxwadhz_k7fgid5nbjycoiiekipq0icg1hxdvrqebwjfr22nsbfaby5mps_3vu9ujpb2xusb0lcf9pmionufps0pp1etrlf-4ab4pjmid2gwwdsdawouwuxb6q08hmskematvyb5yq97djd0yohzpvv0ymshchd-707i6bsgsoia=w354-h415-nc ) populated by robots ? 
  tried to engage those guys , and even earned my own post !, 
  though , it 's less flattering because it was viking who did it , so ir kinda does n't count because he gets triggered easily . 
  well , that works sometimes ; we were all scared to death because of [ patricia 's magnitude ] ( http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/ws/660/amz/worldservice/live/assets/images/2015/10/23/151023025513_sp_patricia_624x351_ap_nocredit.jpg ) and suddenly a druglord ballad singer told her to not do it , so she listened and then dissipated . 
  i just hope may does n't become mexican heritage month . 
  although we already know it wo n't because he hates mexicans . 
  on mental health : why are rightwingers ( especially their racist contingent ) so adamant on shutting down healthcare when the only argument they can come up when explaining why it 's curiously white people who do most of the shootings is `` the deplorable state of mental health in this country '' ? 
  in order to be at least a little coherent , they should strive to have psychologists/psychiatrists/therapists around every corner . 
  we have the best subreddit , folks . 
  and they complain about hayden , come on ... 
  a minute or two before the squirt she tries to get the dude to suck the dildo but he just laughs like he 's thinking `` no way , crazy bitch !, 
  lol '' . 
  it ' refreshing to see a change !, 
  glad to read that ; now i can rest assured that the pledge of allegiance actually meant the us is under the rule of law and not some middle eastern deity . 
  maybe that person was thinking about western sahara but they fucked up . 
  brazil is not divided by race ... even though white brazilians are really white and some black brazilians are really black . 
  is n't the patriot act basically a de-facto overturning of the 4th amendment , the one that supposedly prevents big brother from becoming a reality ? 
  what is it with wanting to rule the world for 1000 years ? 
  i remember some chinese emperor declaring his dynasty would last that long . 
  it was either him or gengis khan ; maybe both . 
  did n't hitler say that the reich would last 1000 years as well ? 
  they said they would n't be burning bibles in other languages , but it makes me wonder if the kjv is the authentic word of god , since versions in other languages were published first by pious men , like the glorious version from casiodoro de reina in spanish . 
  finally , one piece of sas that we would actually be contented with if it were true . 
  fair point . 
  now try to get it across these people . 
  nice . 
  huge military and lots of money would be my call . 
  is this an * actual * colin powell quote ? 
  it 's shameful that the robber was killed , but i ca n't blame the homeowner 's decision . 
  nor i can blame the commenters ; in a certain sense , this is the 2a working in righteous glory . 
  a piece of legislation in which many americans have invested far too much time , money and energy . 
  these celebrations of death seem like a natural ( though questionable ) reaction from a public that wo n't be open about sensible changes in gun laws . 
  when cognitive dissonance kicks in with sadddening news about fathers killing their daughters because they thought it was a robber or statistics piling up about the deadly role of guns in family violence and tragic accidents involving toddlers , you can be sure these events of defensive gun use will be applauded to the max . 
  do you still have it ? 
  srd is religious ?
