  i find that woman so sexually attractive that even her sheer stupidity and age do n't turn me off yet . 
  sorry , i had to say it . 
  do n't judge me too hard , my sas comrades . 
   whos nailin palin, 
  lmao . 
  i see where you 're coming from , the point you want to make , and i acknowledge that being called a racist wo n't help at all . 
  yes , they can be a troublesome demographic in that area , but talking about them is only relevant * when discussing an effective action plan * to raise their living standards to lower america 's crime rate to practically zero . 
  to present them as an excuse for america 's not-so-stellar performance in comparison to other countries because `` it 's their culture/blood '' it 's indeed racist because :, 
  * you 'd be assuming that there 's an uncontrollable element in their nature that makes them behave that way , and also that white people ca n't be prone to violence simply because of their race ; which is simply not true . 
  * you would be alienating an important segment of the american population that deserves to be paid attention , as they are americans as well . 
  * even from an evolutionary standpoint , saying that culture and habits are inheritable would be indulging in the lamarckian mistake , which has been long discredited . 
  we are a dramatic sub . 
  sorry if our tone was overly dramatic . 
  you are welcome , in both meanings of the expression . 
  do you mean that alabama deals with serious drug addiction issues or that the sales will do very well within that state ? 
  for what i have read , it seems that idaho is an honorary southern state , north as it lies . 
  would you say that idaho is more conservative than montana ? 
  ok , that 's cool and all but what 's the sabaton song that describes that event ? 
  imma leave this [ here ] ( http://www.barefootsworld.net/seattle.html ) . 
  great explanation . 
  my favorite amv so far . 
  all right ... 
  so how will they explain [ alicia villareal ] ( http://www.kebuena.com.mx/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/alicia-villarreal.jpg ) , [ vanessa huppenkothen ] ( http://image.vanguardia.com.mx/sites/default/files/field/image/bc57589738573cc_145f9690e569d68de83e43bd2f378cc5.jpg ) and the shit ton of brazillian people that could pass as `` european white '' any time of the day ? 
   faith goldy [ ... ] virgin mary . 
  i have the slight feeling that she is * not * a virgin . 
  i wonder if how many truly moderate muslims turned terrorists not because of religious fanaticism , but of hatred spawned because of the hatred shown to them in the first place . 
  that 's some sad sad . 
  it 's also shit americans endure , you got ta give some credit to the defenders for that . 
  tactical advice :, 
  * find an effective way to calm your mind ( like a breathing or relaxation technique that works for you ) . 
  * keep blocking people who post stuff you find outrageous . 
  * devise conversational escape routes if you 're confronted with political discussion . 
  * refrain yourself from looking for stuff that makes you angry . 
  * block news feed related to trump policies . 
  * when having face-to face interactions with your family , assertively convey that political discussion takes a toll on you and * respectfully ask * them to discuss trump at their leisure when you 're not around . 
  * at work , act professional and tactfully remind your colleagues to keep their opinions to themselves . 
  be consistent and do the same thing , as much as you feel the need to vent . 
  emotional support :, 
  ok . my consolations may not be of much help but perhaps at least keeping some perspective may help . 
  i have n't set foot in the us ever , but if what i read on the media is right , then there 's little chance that the country could possible be * even more * polarized than it was before the election . 
  this election cycle was a complete shitshow and even us foreigners had no escape from it . 
  since i 'm mexican , it 's understandable that donnie got full coverage in my country as well , [ for reasons ] ( https://youtu.be/uo-7ismwai0#t=1m21s ) . 
  it could have been worse . 
  i remember the venezuelan election when maduro took office . 
  now * that 's polarization * . 
  in the us at least there was some kind of nation-wide consensus that the establishment were the bad guys , so hillary and jeb !, 
  were evil incarnate but at least they were professional , capable politicians while donald was a total dumbass but something something maga . 
  there was also the `` scorched earth '' crowd who believed that some sort of political catastrophe sparked by donald would somehow allow for a cleanup of the corrupt political system . 
  what ( i believe ) most people disagreed with was : what 's the lesser of the two evils ? 
  many people voted for donald trump , but the reasons why are very diverse . 
  it 's sad that the us system allows for fanatical voter bases to push their candidate to the main election . 
  however , is that so bad ? 
  having the ability to put and outsider is usually seen as a staple of democracy . 
  perhaps all of this is a natural course of events and you just played your part by voting democrat , and none of this is your fault . 
  know that people feel a raging need to valudate their opinions and morality ; as logic has been long gone from political discussions ( in my biased view , i think republicans lost it long ago , but now you can start seeing it on the democrat side as well with media like the young turks or mother jones ) . 
  this too shall pass . 
   explains their vile attempt to create a 4th reich . 
  [ proposed anthem ] ( https://youtu.be/p5julqsdylw ) . 
  but i thought his policies were redpilled , politcally incorrect , and gender/racially realist ... 
  he said that at [ this event ] ( https://cdn.qwertee.com/images/designs/product-thumbs/1495032042-87151-zoom-500x600.jpg ) . 
  i hope she does n't get hurt . 
  the latest mexican scandal involves a russian neo-nazi who was lynched . 
  condensed course of events :, 
  * mentally ill , agressive russian arrives to mexico and insults mexicans nonstop . 
  * aggressive mexican youth attacks the man . 
  * he survives because he 's over 1.80 m. tall and at least over 120 kg . 
  kills the agressor in self defense . 
  * lynch mob finds out and comes to get him . 
  survives yet again . 
  * mexican authorities place him under medical arrest for murder . 
  all of this shit is wrong . 
  yet still , i 'd like to see how she manages to survive a lynch mob or the attack of a single , tall and muscular black man . 
  to be fair , the lower right panel does have a point : it was a common opinion of diehard democrats that `` if you voted for trump , you 're racist , sexist , homophobic , etc '' . 
  surely most democrats did n't share this opinion , but just like most of those people heard the loud opinions of the fringe right , rightists would most likely only listen to the opinions of the fringe left ; further entrenching negative opinions about one another . 
  the best defense is attacking ; nobody will try to impeach trump for his * admitted * tax evasion ( which makes him smart ) . 
  that will work wonders for the precise good guys with guns dealing with multiple terrorists or mentally challenged people at once . 
  edit : did ... did they just mimicked the pornhub logo for gunhub ? 
  i had never seen such an abbreviation , but i 'm adopting it , tbqh . 
  to be fair , my uninformed impression of the outcome of wwii leads me to think that stalin would have taken all of germany if he could . 
  how come american presence on west germany was n't instrumental on keeping the soviets at bay ? 
  i do n't know if this was an intentional photo shoot or people were just really amused by that burly man and his mismatching dog . 
  to my understanding , nato is the us led military coallition originally formed to stop the soviets , so it kind of falls on the line with the idea of the us helping west germany to recover as quick as possible in order to prevent the soviet expansion westward ; especially right after the surrendering of nazi germany . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  it 's a good headstart for futher research . 
  lmao !, 
  while upvoted , your thought is fallacious . 
  if a candidate is a total asshole , but has proven to be a competent leader , then you ca n't just waste your vote because you vote for the person you morally identify with ( do n't we complain about single-issue voters all the time ? ) . 
  e.g : people who were pro-gay marriage could have voted for romney despite his ant-gay views because they thought he could have managed the economy better than obama ( chill , it 's just an example ) . 
  does that make them homophobic ? 
  tl ; dr : become a buddhist and achieve nirvana . 
  it depends on where you live . 
  some cities are cheap , others are expensive . 
  endorphines are a tricky thing : explore your feelings when you go to the movies or go out and with a friend ; those instances both cost money but we 're willing to pay for it because it feels good . 
  yes , you can stay at home and listen to music on youtube or free spotify , but it 's not the same . 
  needing an external agent to make you feel good is pretty much like a drugs , and it 's like we need them : think about the entertainment industry ; it 's logistically pointless in your life , yet we consume it and it 's an incredibly profitable business . 
  people voted for trump for a myriad of reasons . 
  one of those being that `` he 's a successful businessman '' . 
  while perhaps lacking some perspective , it 's not fair to judge trump supporters who were desperate . 
  have n't you ever voted for somebody on a false belief that he/she would fix somerhing based on a hunch that turned out not to be true ? 
  we 're all druglords on this blessed day .
