  people who support the rights of women . 
  that 's not to say the person they 're celebrating does n't also support the rights of women , but i do n't think the right conclusion to draw from their support of her is that kia is anti-misogyny so much as anti-anti-misogyny . 
  because of the considerations taken into the paragraph above , i 'd take the `` outspoken activists for women '' words with a great pinch of salt . 
  do n't you think that , if they were truly a misogynistic subreddit they would * never * upvote a quote that read like this [ `` when you think something is wrong only when it is said to a woman , you 're not treating her like an equal . 
  we 're just as tough as you . '' ] ? 
   their stated objective is to denounce corruption in gaming , propelled by the social justice crowd . 
  it 's reasonable that achieving social justice goes to a secondary plane to them . 
  more so when they perceive their active opponents do seek to achieve a distorted view of social justice where the `` oppresed '' groups get unfair benefits and can not be question or they risk being excluded ( i 'm not saying this is what actually happens , i 'm intuiting that this is the way the vast majority of kia feels about what they call sjws ) or `` blacklisted '' . 
    i do n't understand how this adresses my point , could you elaborate, 
  you said they do n't care much about how women are being discriminated . 
  this has nothing to do with them being a hate sub , yet i still pointed out that fighting for women , although noble is not their primary objective ( question : do you believe that not fighting for women equals denying or downplaying the injustices some women face ? ) . 
   no it 's not . 
  it was a sarcastic remark using a `` buzzword '' ( privilege ) that is commonly associated to sjws in a thread that discusses the bad behavior of a stereotypical sjw who urges a reporter to leave and calls him a `` fucking white male '' ( note : they are making fun of a person who made a sexist , racist and censoring remark in a single sentence ) . 
    what evidence do you have that it 's sarcastic ? 
  i 've met many kia supporters who genuinely and wholeheartedly believe that women are more privileged than men . 
  do n't derail the argument . 
  that last bit was to counter your view that kia thinks misoginy is n't a serious issue , and that a snarky comment has `` obvious and real consequences against women '' ; when they only circlejerked and did n't say something like : `` women never face any type of violence '' or `` pregnant women can hold their own at work ; they should work the 9 months straight . 
  no paid leave '', 
   firstly , you 're yet to demonstrate how this arguments are fallacious , can you ? 
  i 've been that the whole day by now , by providing links so you can see how the author of the hsrotd manipulated the quotes to make it look like kia is a hate subreddit , when it 's at worst a circlejerky subreddit that is simply not afraid of calling out lies by staunch feminists . 
   you do n't say that context means that they 're were n't devaluing misogyny or something similar , you say that context brings in some other factor : another user disagreeing , for example . 
  but that was never the point . 
  it 's late for me now . 
  if i said that it was some other factor and not context what matters , i 'm sorry ; it was my mistake . 
  however , i do think the context is chief at understanding why kia is not a hate subreddit despite their less than bright jokes . 
   the point was that kia frequently rewards users who make women 's issues out to be unimportant , false or irrevelevant . 
  the context does n't alter that . 
  the point with `` implicit violence '' ( or downplaying of issues , or whatever it 's implicit and you feel is against women ) is that there is no possible way to objectively judge if a subreddit if being hateful . 
  think about this : anybody could cry about implicit violence and get what they wanted banned if that was the case . 
  it 's not fair . 
  only when there is substancial and compelling evidence of the sub being a hate sub is when you can call it as such . 
  you base your evidence upon the hsrotd article that despite the effort and good formatting , its poorly written , as it cherry picks the quotes to fit into their view of kia and does n't make the case for quality evidence supporting the systematic hate shown towards other groups like coontown , the_donald or european do . 
  true !, 
  identifying hate subreddits it 's important to stay out of them and keep an eye of them for the case their activities go out of hand and it 's necessary for the admins to step in and ban them . 
  while other deliberate hate groups target a certain population , kia 's stated mission focuses on calling out the lies of media and then calling out the lies of the feminists that have no problem attacking other people to push their agendas ( see the disproportionate reactions to dr. matt taylor and especially tim hunt , that had * real consequences * for them -- a common feminist talking point -- because they perceived -- felt -- an innocent joke or shirt was `` oppressive '' ) . 
  if you call that hatred , we are in disagreement . 
  hatred are deliberate , direct assaults -- physical , verbal or otherwise -- designed to target a person or groups ( the `` niggerfaggot '' example in hsrotd 's article is the only example of direct hatred that can not be justified with context in any way ) . 
  kia 's circlejerk ( albeit reproachable ) is not nearly close to that definition . 
  but given the topics an people they are now associating with -- roosh covering them from the `` red pill '' perspective and the general approval of milo yiannopoulos -- i would advice more strict mod enforcement ( as those are known alt-right friendly topics and there are a lot of people who overlap the alt-extreme right to hate subreddits and they may pour in , like it happened with european and the_donald ) . 
  currently , i do n't think they are a hate subreddit * but i acknowledge they can become it , if they are not careful * . 
  in the end my premise is this : you can not accuse a community of being hateful just on `` feeling the climate and negative energy '' . 
  consistent , continuous and undeniable proof that direct assaults to people are happening and will continue to happen -- are needed ( at least for me ) to judge if the community is hateful or not . 
   this just begs the question , it does n't address my argument, 
  does n't matter , we agree . 
   the fact remains . 
  that new fact renders nothing in what i said false . 
  now we do n't agree . 
  i do think new pieces of evidence must be taken into consideration to invalidate other ones . 
  the original citation was them thinking that r/rape and r/rapecounseling were worse than coontown ( a stupid remark ) . 
  then , another user wrote a more sensible response where they said there was no comparison , and got a heavy amount of upvotes . 
  this is just as valid of a consideration about what kia approves as the reply that said that r/rape et al were as bad as coontown . 
  but still , how is that stupid comment hateful in the first place ? 
  it 's not like they are saying something like `` ha !, 
  these bitches are denied in that fucking subreddit . 
  i hope they caught aids when they were raped '', 
   refusing to accept testimony simply because its testimony is almost impossible to apply consistently, 
  i 'm refusing testimony because if i 'm going to judge their behavior i need proof from within that group that hate speech is taking place . 
  outside sources can lie to their convenience , and citing in reddit can make me watch what they wrote without makeup . 
  if i knew that media outlets displayed thorough , veritable and objective facts regardless of the situation , i 'd acknowledge their evidence in a heartbeat . 
  but we know it 's not the case ( and pointing this out is the stated goal of kia ! ), 
  there are plenty of people who call themselves feminists who themselves harbour a great hatred for women . 
  that 's not what we were discussing . 
  my premise was that it is extremely unlikely that a hate group would upvote a quote that puts the group they hate in a positive light . 
  it 's like if the_donald upvoted an image macro of a mosque and an islamic message . 
  not sufficient nor necessary conditions , true ; but certainly quite telling ones . 
   oh , you 've misunderstood me : i never said that they ought to do more for women , i pointed out that they commonly actively and explicitly downplay the importance of women 's issues , and often simply deny they exist ( see : the pay gap , sexual violence , ` male privilege ' ) . 
  these are very different things . 
  ok , now we 're making progess . 
  could you link to one or many posts/comments in kia that explicitly talk about the these issues , are massively upvoted and there 's no possible way to justify this ill behavior ? 
   it 's ok to insist that men are the real victims, 
  why are we looking for victims in the first place ? 
  #comments from part 2, 
   i think i misunderstood what you meant by ` fallacious ' then , i thought you meant they committed some actual logical misstep ( be it formal or informal ) , not merely that you thought the quotes were taken out of context . 
  no , you 're actually right , i was indeed talking about formal or informal logical errors . 
  but i thought providing context would have been enough for you to see them for yourself . 
  if you want , i can explain the errors i found and my justification to call them so to your satisfaction . 
  just a little later , as i have some things to do . 
   because it 's the evidence you supplied . 
  no , that 's what you chose to build your argument on when replying to me supporting the original article , as you said :, 
   i doubt you 're going to find a better case than the one you linked to , that hatesubredditoftheday post is pretty comprehensive . 
  from the very start i cast my opinion that is a very poorly written and misleading article ( despite the effort and good formatting ) that has little worth as evidence to support the claim that kia is a hate subreddit due to its many errors . 
   i do n't understand your accusation of ` cherry picking ' at all : it was literally written to explain why kia is considered a hate sub , it 's not supposed to provide some counter-argument to its own position . 
  regardless , and this is really my main point , you have n't addressed my argument to you with regards to the importance of context , which i think addresses what you 're saying here, 
  the context is really important because speech taken out of proper context can be easily misinterpreted in a very negative way , when that 's not actually an accurate representation of its reality . 
  at this point , i think it would be more productive for us to discuss * your arguments * for kia being a hate subreddit , completely independently of what hsrotd 's article said . 
  ahhh , you got ta be shittin ' me . 
  the circlejerk is great and all , but there 's a person who is desperately looking for their little 14 year-old sister . 
  they must be worried to death and this guy chimes in to trumpet american superiority ? 
  this is just * not the time * for the tacticool brigade to s.w.a.t in . 
  damn ... look at those hips . 
  just like bad english by japanese people !, 
  thanks for explaining that to simpletons like me !, 
   speak american, 
   ** speak american **, 
   #speak american, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zf_1hvygajw#t=5m35s ), 
  awesome !, 
  could you name an example of that ? 
  i do n't understand what 's the ` murican stance to ethnic/racial homogeneity . 
  do they think it 's good and a source of strength or bad and a cause of division ?
