   hired me to take the fall, 
  but you 're an unpaid convict intern !, 
  [ * thundering might * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u06jlgpmtqs ), 
  by that metric , most americans have never `` seen american '' in generations . 
  most of the `` i ca n't believe this person seriously believes this '' posts are legit , though . 
  a story of love , tragedy , and unfulfilled promises that leads to a worse tragedy without closure which furthers the pain , the drama and -- admit it or not -- the entertainment value . 
  this may sound dumb ( and it most likely is ) but i feel like major political events like this can be described by an epic captain price rant . 
  we , as people -- yes , that includes you as well -- are very judgmental and primitive for so to speak . 
  if you wear a mask ( does n't matter how neutral or friendly it is ) , people will have intense reactions and jump to conclusions about it because they will feel `` freaked out '' , or see you as `` creepy '' , or think you have something to hide/you are dangerous . 
  think about it for a moment : it 's a typical thing in movies for assassins or bank robbers to wear masks in order to not be recognized ( and i think such a simple device can hinder police investigation for a while ) , so it does make sense to wear one if you 're into that ( hopefully not ) . 
  it may actually be illegal in your country for a start , so check that out if you 're going to give it a try . 
  i have thought about it as well . 
  congratulations , you are now agnostic . 
  life is too short to worry about the eternal state of death , so try to stop thinking about it and do what you can to enjoy and live to the fullest . 
  you may try mindfulness meditation if it 's hard for you to stop thinking on that ( or any particular subject for that matter ) . 
  i do n't think this thread will be helpful to clear your hypothesis because the scope is too large and the replies to few and perhaps irrelevant . 
  but i guess the insight is cool . 
  well , i kind of did , i am very conflict averse and i 'm living in a family of 4 extroverts and me . 
  three of whom are extraverted feeler sensors . 
  i have overprotective parents who ca n't stand each other -- recently divorced -- and my dad is very prone to get really mad and yell ( i feared him for a long time , though he never engaged in physical violence on us ) . 
  both of my siblings feel imprisoned in my house and all seem to unload on me . 
  do check it out before you find/make a mask . 
  you may also attract the attention of a very dangerous individual/get loads of irrational hate because of it . 
  consider that there are extremely unappealing people ( with congenital defects ) who do n't feel the need to wear masks despite their adverse condition ( s ) . 
  but if you feel it 's the only way , then give it a go my friend . 
  cheers . 
  can i know what 's the problem with her ? 
  she looks amazing . 
  which makes sense , as hispanics are pretty much a mixture of all races , or at the very least a great derail from the defining features of a given racial group . 
  well , at first i let my facial hair grow because of carelesness ; then i did make some minor adjustments to my beard and let it grow and regularly trim it as personal style . 
  my advantage is that if i shave completely , i 'll grow a beard in less than 2 weeks . 
  expanding on this : mbti is a useful tool to know oneself , but one should get a sense of their functional stack to know their type and also know their outliers . 
  interesting !, 
  yet still i do n't know how this is tied to mbti . 
  fucking sjw beta cucks ruining europe and america with their socialism and the institution of sharia law by the rapefugees . 
  now , in all seriousness ; social justice is a natural reaction of bigotry and ignorance . 
  but it 's also natural for the movement to reach ridiculous lenghts like the very concept of `` safe spaces '' . 
  in the end , it all condenses down to tribalism . 
  for a moment , i read it in british accent like : `` shite-europeans-say '' but that would be spelled with double `` e '' . 
  well , you know what they say :, 
  `` there are two kinds of people , [ the beautiful and the poor ] ( http://www.beforeandafterceleb.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/cristiano-ronaldo-plastic-surgery-before-and-after-pictures-1-300x193.jpg ) '', 
  maybe it 's the photography style or something but i actually did n't feel any real sexual stimulus by looking at her picture . 
  she looks so innocent and playful , it 's like looking at a naked child instead of a full-grown adult ( albeit she is , of course ) . 
   if they made a concerted effort with actual structure and funding to become the best at football they could be in with a shot for the world cup in about 30 years . 
  fun `` fact '' : a country could become an economical world power if they made a concentrated effort with actual structure change to become it in approximately 30 years . 
  e.g : israel , singapore , japan and germany post wwii . 
  this is the body type i love ... good god . 
  i understand mein f\u00fchrer was fond of the muslim warriors ( not sure about islamists , though ) , as he percieved them as fiery , red-blooded killers with little to no fear . 
   if they were less religious, 
  there are countries like jordan that are full-on religious and have no religious issues whatsoever ( as far as i know ; call my bullshit out is it 's the case ) . 
  it 's when religious fundamentalists want to impose their faith on others that religion is problematic . 
  does n't bode very well with [ this ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/99/bc/ab/99bcab5756c4865d0f4d11c06ad053b1.jpg ) masterful piece of propaganda . 
  yeah ... for some reason , mexican tv . 
  channels decided to make the weather about ridiculously sexy anchors . 
  does that happen in other countries ? 
  they are * necessary * . 
  engineering used to be one of them , but college burned me out . 
  currently studying russian . 
  i doubted about my intelligence and capacity for learning , so i picked that language because :, 
  * it uses a different writing system . 
  * it is used by a culture that i 'm drawn to . 
  * it belonged to a major historical empire/superpower, 
  * [ call of duty impacts some people more than others ] ( http://www.motifake.com/image/demotivational-poster/1003/call-of-duty-cod-demotivational-poster-1268168885.jpg ) . 
  i have decided i want to get `` really good '' ( just enough to make cool cartoons ) at drawing in order to animate and upload my imagination to youtube . 
  i daydream way too much . 
  holy . 
  shit . 
  what 's the name of that porn actress ? 
  good lord ... 
  guys , we found the definition of pear body shape !, 
  because people ask questions for reassurance and validation , as opposed to getting factual or logically coherent answers . 
  e.g : obese girl comes with tears in her eyes and asks you : do i look fat ? 
  while the factual answer is simply `` yes '' , you 'll want to tell her something along the lines of `` well , you do need to work around a bit to look like a model , but hardly anyone looks like that !, 
  you look beautiful and i like x , and y , and z ( proceed with a list with her * actual * beauty assets ) '', 
  saying a simplistic `` yes '' would probably shatter her ( as she is completely aware that she is beyond fat , which causes a self-esteem meltdown in her ) . 
  think about other examples of questions where you should lie : a narcissistic boss , angry girlfriend , violent asshole , etc. 
  i know ; i used to think like you but then experience showed me it 's sort of a technological advance for your social interactions to talk while minding the human on the other side . 
  that 's the reason why i try to talk in some sort of fe mode , unless my ti screams ( blatant logical incosistency ) or i find someone who i know for sure that is more factual/performance based and can speak freely . 
  yes . 
  not using them could have preventable negative consequences for me . 
  so , from a social performance standpoint it makes sense to me . 
  i have to point out that it 's not always easy . 
  sometimes -- even being aware of what 's next -- i 'll respond in the way i see as truthful if my moral system ( fi ) , factual data ( te ) or inner logic ( ti ) gets compromised . 
  cestuses not allowed ? 
  [ dang it !, 
   people call us baja california norte , just because a bc sur exist, 
  i 'm guillible from doing that ... 
  this just in : extremely violent criminals who dismember people/dissolve people on acid * may * become mentally ill . 
  almost relevant userame . 
  unless you are muslim . 
  this image should be on the moving banner . 
  i love how your ass bounced while uncovering from the shirt . 
  thanks !, 
  sourceeeeeeee ? 
  i thought we got to call it `` fu\u00dfball '' for the time being . 
  granted : they lost two world wars , but won four world cups !, 
  cringe should just steal this . 
  #here are told the most outstanding deeds of samwise gamgee : friend , loyal companion of the fellowship that departed from rivendell and gardener of frodo baggings ; he who destroyed the ring of power and prevented an age of the orc . 
  * wounded a mythical , giant spider -- presumed descendant of ungoliant -- who was considered by sauron himself to be the acceptable guardian of an unprotected entrance to mordor ; which he did not reinforce with many towers and barracks . 
  this accomplishment earned him being confused by the orcs for an `` elven champion from the first age '' *,
