  i read a comment that said something along the likes of : `` the debates were unfair : hillary had to look relatable but competent , professional but not stiff and intelligent but not corrupt . 
  trump just had to not outright declare war on china '' . 
  and him not throwing a very loud tantrum was declared as `` presdiential behaviour '' . 
  there was one specific moment when i just throwed the towel about trump supporters : on the 3rd debate , hillary accused him of tax evasion , to what trump answered `` that makes me smart '' . 
  i love most things british but i think i could never live in britain . 
  i need suuuuuuuuun !!, 
  the nhs works because # 300 million are now being funneled to it because of brexit . 
  every single piece of theory about reddit gold has now been torn apart . 
  it 's difficult to really pinpoint what are the decisive factors in elections . 
  in my point of view , obama was change incanate , something fresh from the tiresome republican shenanigans pulled by w . they gave him a less enthusiastic confidence vote , especially with all of that post-housing bubble/auto industry crisis that he had to deal with . 
  that 's how you got michigan to `` betray '' the democrats for trump . 
  that 's the reason why i do n't bash trump supporters so much , yet still i do n't try to share points of view with them either ; there are all kinds of trump supporters . 
  so you have disenfranchised voters on the middle and the left ( by american standards ) and the fanatical branch of the republicans got to choose trump for the primaries . 
  maybe all of this avalanche is just a natural consequence of social dynamics and there was little we could have done to prevent it . 
  the only thing that irks me is that americans are good at exporting shit . 
  i 'm glad you managed to somehow bewilder the wilders , but other countries do n't do it so well when it comes to stuff like evangelicals or getting people to eat unhealthy amounts of fast food . 
  holy shit , r/badwomensanatomy is so great . 
  to be fair , i was scared by the brexit-trump combo . 
  i thought maybe most countries were going to fall for their respective far-rights like a domino . 
  what do two little girls in swimsuits holding ice-cream cones is remotely iconic or representative of america ? 
  well , stereotyping is fun to the people who do it . 
  not so much when its done onto them . 
  exaggeration tastes better when seasoned with a tiny drop of truth . 
  damn . 
  looks like we are quite the self-righteous bunch . 
  but i do n't think the admins will ever dare to shut us down . 
  i mean , they ca n't be that hypocritical . 
  right ? 
  were the people who did it regulars at this sub or did you spot many sock puppet/throwaway accounts ? 
  do you say that because of the rest of the english in particular , because of the rest of the britons in general , or both ? 
  i ca n't fathom how in the world caitlyn jenner could possibly be hateful towards the lgbt . 
  unless of course it 's just another attention-grab mechanism in which case i would understand but not condone it . 
  overlord , this is uss carcrash . 
  coordinates confirmed ; requesting permission to fire on target , over . 
  i know how emotional opinions work and i already know that they 're totally divorced from reality but come on ... this is on such a great level of stupidity that i ca n't stop feeling bewildered . 
  i mean , let 's assume you 're right . 
  so all of this prudish , socially conservative people who passionately hate marriage equality on the grounds that ** it 's unnatural , against god and an attack on family ** suddenly looked at him and say : `` girl , you can be whomever you want !, 
  follow your dreams ! '' ? 
  wtf . 
  just for reference : on what grounds is she against marriage equality ? 
  i think i see it now : for some reason , as bruce she was raised with a set of conservative values but for some itty bitty reason changing her entire gender physique is not in conflict with those . 
  we , on the other hand , see lgbt as a collective of disenfranchised and oftentimes vulnerable group that needs to stand united for society to recognize them with the same rights as other people . 
  an interesting world the human psychology is , huh ? 
  i have read time and time again that even in the same city , people from different districts have somewhat different identities . 
  come on ... they 'll ban us but not t_d ? 
  that 'd be some serious bullshit . 
  golly gee ... who would have thought that the people indiscriminately citing orwell to demean opposition would make america orwellian . 
  but i 'd say they 're hellbent on that because of muh morality , not because they 're evil , self-conscious pawns in service of their king . 
  i do n't know either , but it 's one of the talking points of the jeovah 's witnesses . 
  they call it `` the kingdom of god '' . 
  i think they do already spill to other subs , after all , the reason why they did n't shut down after trump won was to keep herlading him . 
  i think the admins are afraid of another fattening . 
  even though i 'd understand the admins from a logistics point of view , banning other subs for brigading while not doing anything about t_d seems very disingenious and unfair to me . 
  hmmmm ... do you live in tenessee ? 
  i 've always thought that people from tenessee are the most stubborn of southerners ( cause stereotypes ) with north carolina being a close second . 
  i see it as hangman embracing the sweet kiss of death, 
  spanish used to have that rule , which some old-timers hold on to for dear life . 
  though it has been abolished in modern day spanish grammar . 
  this picture is like america itself . 
  guns are loud and visible - just like cars - and there is some spanish and japanese sprinkled here and there . 
  also some famous people ... 
  meanwhile children and climate scientists are neglected on the far sidelines . 
  in which state do you live ? 
  is the shit being said by the guy in red or the one in green ? 
  usually we mock flag praise , but most of the time that 's from crazy people who blatantly fail to observe the flag code . 
  the one in green is actually right about the code and the sc ruling . 
  also , he does n't seem too fanatical on it , just pointing out correct stuff . 
  i do n't know much about the specifics , but i think it 's not that hard to see that evil merica is not to take for the blame for this one . 
  the refugee crisis started after the arab spring turned wrong in syria , not because of bush 's and obama 's war on terror . 
  the post seems legit . 
  is this a repost ? 
  i saw somebody complain about the `` selective breeding '' comment before . 
  might as well save it to yankbot . 
  it 's just as unsafe , it not worse . 
  imagine a kid wanting to be cool and trying to lift the thing but failing , and you can imagine what a nasty cut comes next . 
  i get the whole soldier-citizen roman stuff ; and it 's cool as fuck , but it was an ancient concept proper to ancient times and modern citizens do n't have any business being armed in modern times . 
  i 'm not talking about isis . 
  the us is almost directly responsible for their rise to power in irak , and it 's obvious that they made the syria problem exponenially worse . 
  but it 's also false to say that the refugee crisis started because of isis . 
  it was already in motion with the outbreak of the civil war . 
  well , i do n't think having a flag code is shit for a start ... it 's just a way of conduct and etiquette regarding an important symbol ( and also the military and politicians need it for normative purposes ) . 
  being an ass about it is what makes it mockable . 
  however , as i pointed out earlier , most people who are an ass about the flag do n't even mind the flag code , aka the convention on how to respect that symbol . 
  different people have different attitudes about it . 
  just keep it classy . 
  i do like abiding with my flag code because i like to follow those kinds of rules ( i 'm also a grammar enthusiast ) , and it does n't really hurt nobody if i do . 
  since failure to comply does n't hurt anybody either , i would n't make a fuss or even complain about it . 
  go through sad flag material on this sub and you 'll find out that what you 're saying is not true . 
  particularly with the folks who display aggresive messages on their trucks ; they violate almost every rule on the code . 
  really ? 
  is it the [ oxford comma ] ( https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/explore/what-is-the-oxford-comma ) ? 
  i think there are no language regulators for english , which makes grammar a little bit difficult to improve , lacking an official aurhority . 
  i arbitrarily follow oxford conventions , as i think they are perhaps the most situable institution , due to seniority , prestige , etc. 
  you know , i 'll just leave it like that , so your comment makes sense . 
  i 'm glad that the grammarenfeldmarschall took some time to correct my mistake . 
  just like the sissies getting offended by a man not standing up for the national anthem as a reasonable sign of protest , or by people exerting their right to desecrate a flag for the same reason . 
  well , to be fair , decapitation was already a big part of french culture way before its muslim invasion ... 
  this is the most unusual politician 's picture i 've ever seen . 
  breaks the mold in every way . 
  young , attractive couple who looks more akin to movie stars than politicians are wearing fancy casual outfits while the prime minister 's facial expression looks like gotten straight out of a catwalk model .
