  ^ ** this ** , goddammit . 
  i , for one , welcome our kenyan and jamaican overlords . 
  i 'd rather have her mend her attitude . 
  i do n't think violence is acceptable in any way . 
  or have him guilliotined . 
  that usually brings stability . 
  people are very prone to tribalism . 
  justifying physical harm for words is an excellent way to consolidate stereotypes and engage in a self feeding cycle of hatred and violence . 
  is n't this the entire thing with islamic terrorism in europe ? 
  white nativists hate people of muslim descent because they fear them , muslim youth gets sick of being hated on , add some lies and you get yourself a brand new terrorist ; which will in turn commit an attack that will validate the nativist sentiment , turning more people towards nativism , and more people towards terrorism on the other side . 
  is having the emotional intelligence to not harm others for being taunted too much to ask ? 
  do n't be so judgmental ; it could happen to any of us , given the right situation . 
  can we go sail together to gibraltar and in a wooden ship like lord nelson did on his glory days and sing `` spanish ladies '' to their faces ? 
  i really really really doubt that mein f\u00fchrer would have accepted these clowns to serve in his glorious army . 
  may have fed them to the soviets , though . 
  not illegal , but an especially distasteful and disrespectful display , especially considering the date and place . 
  fun fact : at the french meltdown over the burka ban , attires that covered the face just like one in the picture were banned , as the description made to fit in the burkas ans niqabs also dragged those types of costumes down . 
  you have rather uncommon date topics . 
  but that 's great !, 
  maybe he was n't a genius , but al least many of his domestic policies did put germany back to work . 
  also , he painted nice urban landscapes . 
  he might have been cruel , delirious , stubborn and megalomaniac but i do n't think it 's fair to call him stupid . 
  and if you 're thinking about moscow , they were just about 30 km shy of getting there . 
  why should n't they learn a language to allow their teams to play competitively rather than just for the fun of it ( and i 'm talking funhouse type of gameplay ; just goofing around ) ? 
  just for the sake courtesy they should n't spoil the gameplay . 
  there are several options though :, 
  * stick to linguistical ignorance ( which is uncool and we actually bash americans non-stop for it ), 
  * stop playing altogether ( but that 's not fun ) . 
  * find and stick to a team of members who do speak your native language . 
  * learn english , get good at it and behold how your scope is infinitely broader than before . 
  i know that learning a language is not easy , especially when such language is distant in terms of culture and grammatical structure , but actually videogames are a wonderful way to learn , as the exposure and the need to understand make the language sink in more and more as time goes by . 
  sadly lol is known for having a remarkably hostile userbase . 
  as ` merica can remember , the soviets dominated in a wide range of sports , but they sucked at soccer . 
  trump would be more like `` hold my taco bowl '' . 
  lmao i love the internet scandinavian wars . 
  i 've never seen norwegians flinging shit at denmark , sweden or finland . 
  also , everyone `` hates '' sweden with burning passion . 
  are they more easy-going or something ? 
  he has humanity to spare . 
  lol , italy just makes fun of itself and also why does hungary mock the scots ? 
  holy shit , i spoke without facts . 
  they were actually pretty good . 
  guess some patriots actually * can * see soccer as a commie joke . 
  at least on the soviet side . 
  delet this . 
  so a cross-eyed emoji kills the entire thing ... 
  convenient . 
  super long rant incoming . 
  tl ; dr : i believe that if we were born in the us , or any superpower for that matter , it would be pretty natural for us and for many people to be very easily impressed into an exaggerated opinion . 
  the entire bingo card as it is gets old ; we literally have the same because that 's what sub is based upon ; there were many bullshit liberal talking points on this election cycle but none were taken into account . 
  the bingo card provides a stereotype and it does n't matter if you 're are a feminist or a redpiller , a corporate shill or a tankie , all of the metasphere subs * looove * to see their stereotypes validated . 
  that 's the reason why we 'll keep having more of the same . 
  we 're humans . 
  speaking of humanity , i really ca n't blame americans for all of these bullshit opinions . 
  people share popular opinions because they 're likely to be impressed in the same way by a striking stimulus . 
  eg : [ how would n't you feel protected and proud of such a massive and advanced military ? 
  how would n't you feel overwhelmed by the vastness of its size ? 
  the strength of its economy ? 
  the importance of its science ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/wbedzkfyegs#t=34s ), 
  i hold this belief : american psychologists and publicists have discovered the keys to our fears and desires and have learned to exploit to the max ( am i a top mind ? ) . 
  this extends to the entire world because of commerce , entertainment , politics , you name it ; but naturally , the epicenter is in the us . 
  you guys are the guinea pigs and also get hit the hardest . 
  telling between feelings and rational thoughts is difficult . 
  it requires emotional intelligence and perhaps some basic knowledge of logic and the topic at hand . 
  my personal defense mechanism ? 
  do n't be too passionate , you 're not a soldier of your beliefs . 
  if you 're rational , you just want what 's best for your country , and that 's it . 
  therefore , if you 're proven wrong , then you accept you were , and lightly and skeptically accept the new standard . 
  the problem with debates is that nobody wants to build a solution , instead it 's more akin to a damned colisseum deathmach where if become speechless you die in embarrassment while the other emerges victorious like a champ . 
  this mindset does n't help at all . 
  if people did n't make politics a part of their identities , it would be easy to say `` i was wrong and i 'm glad to have been given the chance to give my position a try but it 's time to move on '' . 
  [ check this out ] ( https://youtu.be/uhdymortz6m ) , and if you have time , i 'd strongly advise you to read the corresponding breitbart article ; notice how some fact tweaking , combined with a heavy dose of emotional impact can turn the ludicrous into something credible ( as a layman with just a basic high scool notion of how climate works , i have to accept that it was convincing enough ; luckily this lady is an expert who can guide us ) . 
  they 're * good * at blurring reality . 
  it seems to me that we do n't live in the age of information . 
  at best , we live in the age of instant communication . 
  at worst , in the age of instant gratification . 
  do n't worry : i too thought that the presidential debate between don and hill being advertised like a literal ufc match was surreal and really worrisome . 
  you 're not alone . 
  * stripped jaime of his cockiness . 
  * ordered cersei to shut up and spread out . 
  * left tyrion speechless . 
  * negotiated with oberyn . 
  * enraged doran . 
  in the series :, 
  * outmaneuvered the thorn queen . 
  * saw through arya 's deception . 
  i 'm reading the 5th book and i swear my gurl dany needs to tywin the fuck up . 
  reporting a possible shooting ( terrorism !! ), 
  is unamerican ? 
  let 's rephrase that : preventing your fellow countrymen from dying is unamerican ? 
  also , why does every person in the world apparently hates comic sans ? 
  change sheep with goats and then you 'll be able to feel every isis ' fighters ' pain . 
  i wonder what 's is the common londoner 's opinion on sadiq kahn . 
  i do n't know much about the guy but he appears to be doing one marvelous job . 
  i mean , it must be really tiring to manage all of those daily city problems that all other majors have to deal with * magnified * with the fact that it 's cosmopolitan metropoli * magnified * with the fact it 's the capital city of both england and the uk and also houses it 's seat of government and other important government buildings . 
  if this was n't enough stress already , you have idiots hounding his back nonstop because he 's brown and muslim . 
  i 'll put the blame on sgt. 
  colon . 
  ever since he became a mod of this sub the ire of god has flooded our entire world .
