  nevertheless if you gave people a subject to express on their own words you 'd have 0 % probability of two people writing the exact same thing , that 's why we 're evolved to detect tone in different media ; even a deception through a routine seems implausible because if the context changes a tiny bit , the routine falls apart . 
   while i 'm not looking for a love life right now , i guess it 's worth a look . 
  heheh . 
  ehhh ... 
  if you do venture at your own risk ... maybe it 's not the best thing . 
  but what can i say ? 
  i have n't seduced anybody yet . 
   so in other words , i 'm just supposed to take emotions at face value , without overanalysing why people feel that way ? 
  i 'd say yes . 
  you happen to have a developed fe ( which is a blessing on its own ) . 
  so use it !, 
  there 's a user here on r/intp whose username is afaultyrobot . 
  i do n't know the context in which he/she chose that username but it makes sense to me : animals at large need to make extremely complex decisions extremely quickly ( e.g : escape from a predator while factoring the best route , the terrain , one 's physical condition , the predator 's physical conditions , a natural hazard to use at advantage , natural hazards to avoid , etc. 
  and the decision to escape , freeze or fight has already been taken ) and we are as quick as computers to do so . 
  the difference is that we rely on feelings to achieve that while computers get it through analysis . 
  perhaps a quick analysis of feeling * might * be of some profit to you but in my experience , analyzing others ' feelings is a good as trying to drill a hole using a screwdriver ( you can do it , but is awfully ineffective ) . 
   heheh , thanks !, 
  i never really regarded myself to be that great in writing generally , it 's just not my thing . 
  i just list down my thoughts and try to put it on paper ( or computer screen ) , as accurately as possible . 
  have you ever seen harry potter and the order of phoenix ? 
  dumbledore uses [ the pensieve ] ( http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/harrypotter/images/e/e7/pensieve.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20100314021624 ) to clear his mind and revisit his thoughts and memories . 
  i use reddit in the same way to share my thoughts to others and vent once in a while . 
  i like your writing because i find it similar to mine . 
  that alone binds people at a certain extent ... 
  edit : lol , the pensieve reminded me of [ the cauldron of spoilers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bswzun4dksi&amp;spfreload=10 ) . 
  soul sista ? 
  [ \u266b lem me hear ya flow sista ... \u266b ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqa7svvcdzk#t=0m8s ), 
  hey , he 's fucking 100 's of thousands of women in order to get his life right . 
  got ta respect that . 
  jokes apart it 's obvious he 's going through an emotional landslide . 
  perhaps he 's hit rock bottom or perhaps he has n't yet . 
  the good part is that you can only climb up when that happens . 
  if it 's on its way , let it happen and enjoy it if you can/want . 
  you ca n't stop it anyway . 
  you ca n't prevent him from posting either , so if you care too much , perhaps the best thing to do would be stopping to visit this sub ( a shame , as you 're a regular contributor to it ) . 
  a crises is not such a bad head start for a new year , as it makes the new year a period of learning and valuable experience . 
  `` sadly '' yes . 
  new year resolution : caring less about people . 
  i 've come to think humankind is still very underdeveloped . 
  the most caring and civilized people , prone to helping and not violating have hard times living pretty much anywhere because people are still quite primitive as a whole in many areas . 
  so what we want to do is to adapt to such primitiveness to thrive on the areas of life/places where is worth doing so and reserve your niceness to the cooperative environments that allow you to unleash it freely . 
  this has absolutely nothing to do with it but one of my dreams is to go to argentina to watch a river vs. boca match one day . 
  do you support any soccer teams ? 
  hmmmm ... 
  i think the bulk of your post has already been addressed but i 'll add an extra thought : we can become stuck in the relationshipzone . 
  the relationshipzone yes . 
  it 's like the inverse friendzone : once your brain process that person as a loved one , if the breakup does n't end up badly and both separate because of logistical problems but both love each other and are still sexually attracted to each other , every time you see him you might do relationship stuff together ( sex included ) which makes a true friendship hard to keep and build ; not counting that future mates could become highly suspicious -- and rightfully jealous -- about your [ hobbit-tiered `` friendship '' ] ( http://24.media.tumblr.com/bd96c76f3d16fc187edf3a3279c886f0/tumblr_mh57myoo5x1rqg00io5_r1_500.gif ) . 
  but both parties agreed a relationship is impossible because of insurmountable barriers , right ? 
  well , just break up already ; be logical and consistent . 
  it 's not so easy ... 
  it 's never that easy . 
  my beautiful family :, 
  * 1 esfj - dad, 
  * 2 esfps - mom & younger sister, 
  * 1 estj - older sister ( yet still i 'm the oldest brother ), 
  mom ca n't stand even the slightest disorder in her house ( and i can stand a pretty unreasonable amount of messiness ) , dad uses his fe * the wrong way * and stresses me out when telling his improper jokes -- that work marvelously on his coworkers , though -- young sister is an absolute diva ( hot and gorgeous and age 17 going on 18 ) and sometimes i think she feels like nobody deserves her . 
  older sister is now quite cool , i really mesh with her t . but she was the worse pain in the ass you could ever ask for as soon as two years back , perhaps having my niece helped her cool down . 
  i was discussing this with other intp on this sub . 
  everybody writes with a certain tone and style which conveys much more than words ; for what i can see yours is quite ... colorful and daring . 
  i was struck by your statement about fucking hundreds of thousands of women . 
  yes , i understand you were using a hyperbole to illustrate your stance . 
  i 'm not a naysayer , actually i do support you and understand you because although i 'm quite more reserved within my statements i recognize overthinking has got a great grip on my life ; a grip hardly anybody understands , except my intp brethren . 
  so go out there and live your life , you deserve it . 
  but i 'd advice you to just be careful ; we live in modern times so take advantage of them with responsibility : use condoms , do n't drink and drive , evaluate situations quickly and go for it but if you can spare yourself much grief by using a small security device/habit that does n't hinder you , why not doing it ? 
  brain activity is a double bladed sword , in the right context it can boost us but in the wrong one it can chain us . 
  do n't disregard it , just learn to use it in the right situations and hinder it when proper ( that means `` do n't think and just act '' ) . 
  well , i baptized that situation `` the relationshipzone '' to put it into terms . 
  i think it could happen of you love your partner deeply but outside constraints do n't let you be a couple but still want to keep a friendship . 
   is it because they are trying to force logical principles onto their true desires ? 
  more than logical principles , moral rules : you do n't hold hands and intertwine your fingers or french kiss your female friends , right ? 
  but keeping yourself from doing that with your girlfriend-became-friend is really difficult ; it feels unnatural to have a true friendship so you 're stuck in a friends with benefits kind of relationship and feelings are not consistent to the title bestowed to them . 
  most likely this hurts both parties in the long run . 
   ahem ... just asking for a friend , 
  this observation of mine leads me to think that it 's true that friends can never become a couple ( as we know it ) , and a couple ca n't become a true , romance-less camaraderie . 
  friendship and romance are truly mutually exclusive places . 
  it 's not a hard and fast rule . 
  yet still for every love like yours there probably are one hundred badly `` friendzoned '' guys , hence the generalization . 
  good for you !, 
  do n't worry , it does ... 
  i had n't seen it under the scope of cognitive functions . 
  perhaps you 're right . 
  in my experience , no . 
  i mean , when i go out with my ex-girlfriend -- who i ca n't help but treat like a girlfriend -- perhaps she tries to respect my fragile boundaries ( she 's an enfp ) but when she crosses them i do n't object , and when i cross them she allows it . 
  so it 's something we both do . 
  like a couple ... 
  i do n't think the relationshipzone could be kept if one party was hard about the rules ; that would be a true breakup . 
  but to whom ? 
  the first order has a strong , overbearing guidance ; true . 
  but that does n't mean it 's a capable or good one . 
  i saw emperor palpatine rise and chose to devote my allegiance to him . 
  now the rebellion ( or does it have a new name ? ), 
  re-instituted the galactic republic and everybody can govern itself , like before . 
  the wise hand that guided us vanished and now the first order rules with iron fists . 
  governor tarkin did what had to be done a long time ago and destroyed one planet . 
  he used fear to subdue the alliance * because it had the political control and ground troops to do so * . 
  hux destroyed five on a whim . 
  these rascals did n't learn from our mistakes ; i do n't want to become part of a new imperial gimmick that wo n't make a proper use of our vessels ( thus not defending the critically weak thermal exhaust ports ) to defend their superweapon . 
  i wo n't join the new rebellion , but neither i will join the first order . 
  not because i 'm a coward , but because i was loyal to the institution that held me under it 's wing : the first galactic empire . 
   figure out a better way to diffuse heat energy than through x-wing sized exhaust ports,
