  not prone to offend others for the sake of offending , it 's just that it 's somehow difficult for me to let go of the ti-ne and embrace fe and * use it * . 
  example : fat girl ( not plump , not bbw , nor any of that shit but ** undeniably fat ** ) walks in with tears on her cheeks and asks `` do i look fat wearing this '' ? 
  if you 're a heavily underdeveloped intp your going to tear her existence apart by softly saying : * yes , you do * . 
  it 's evident ; why are you asking this ? 
  with any intention to offend or demean ; just using logically consistent , standard english . 
  the catch is that it 's easy to fall into the trap of thinking that knowledge is absolutely paramount and the greatest thing ever to happen to humans ( i ca n't blame you , there 's evidence literally anywhere of that ) . 
  yet still ti gets easily invalidated in many situations ; dealing with people is one of them . 
  suggestion : stop considering facts and gathering information ; just consider what is important to other people and take care of that . 
  e.g : you 're not a christian and somebody bashes their christmas spirit on you , you ca n't see how christmas is important to you so you simply do n't give a fuck about it , which upsets them . 
  why not giving it a try and get in the mood to better socialize with people ? 
  disregard what you know , do n't seek more information , just comply with rituals and actually try to enjoy them . 
  in the end , if you did things well , people will grow fond of you because of that time you became part of the group and shared experiences . 
  but i need no-one you may say . 
  i trust you . 
  nevertheless you 're going to have a much easier time if you 're not in friction with your immediate surroundings . 
  i can guarantee you that , people are emotional , vindictive and immature . 
  we all are . 
  we 're also capable of forming awesome bonds and grow together to reach common goals and fulfillment . 
  choose the one you please , however not choosing is letting `` fate '' choose at random for you . 
   i figured out later on in the night was trying to pull this red pill/pua nonsense on me . 
  it was about as subtle a sledgehammer, 
  i remember the first time i did it . 
  i think i was a subtle as [ mjolnir ] ( http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/marvelmovies/images/2/25/mjolnir.png/revision/latest?cb=20131123204720 ) . 
   any man/woman/person ~ ~ of any worth to you ~ ~ who happens to be a fi/ni user -- usually most women -- will be perceptive enough to immediately see through these phoney baloney wannabe-jedi mind tricks . 
  fify . 
  both , but perhaps if you elaborated in your argument about worth , i 'd be convinced about it . 
  [ priests know better , do n't they ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yztdyfqiree#t=2m41s ), 
  thank you !, 
  this means perhaps a middle point is more convenient to understand the most widespread range of arabic speakers . 
  do you think egyptian arabic would be such case ? 
   you know , whenever you type something to a group chat only to find no replies after at least an hour , even though the message was nothing offensive or socially awkward to read . 
  to put salt into wound , another group member messages the group chat and suddenly droves of people started spamming the chat . 
  this is your fe screaming for human contact . 
  in pua/manosphere/redpill terms is what 's call `` neediness '' or need for validation . 
  not sorry for being a fucking human being wanting to be loved and admired by other people ... 
   i 'm not sure if this is because my opinion is weighed less heavily or as valuable as others . 
  what 's valuable ? 
  perhaps they dismiss your carefully tailored walls of text that contain interesting or relevant information to praise the one-liner meme post . 
  what can you expect from such people ? 
  it 's known that what we say conveys little information ; it 's what we * project * what conveys the most . 
  people do n't have to speak to each other to form a concept of each other : silence communicates something , and in the hypothetical case you wanted to hide behind a cloak and a mask with an in-built speaker programed to speak in monotone with pauses so that the person who listens to you could n't decipher your mood then you would be communicating a * huge * thing , even when you poured many resources to achieve the exact opposite . 
  the point with that is that non-verbal communication or `` meta-communication '' happens in every single interaction between people -- that , as we know it , does n't even need to be face to face speech nor know the face of the writer ; e.g : reddit -- and you provoke emotions in others just by mere contact , in the same way everybody else provokes emotions in you . 
   to add , it 's this sort of thing where it 's a slippery slope of social suicide . 
  because of low self esteem , i start seeing people and things negatively , and ironically people start seeing me as the epitome of negativity and will start treating me with the cricket treatment , which leads to worse self esteem . 
  it 's like a black hole of sadness . 
  what do others value ? 
  being fun and happy , because since life is harsh happiness is a scarce resource and perhaps they subconsciously believe sticking with fun people will make them happier , whereas sticking with depressed people will make them depressed ; so the reason why they adore the dumb fun person and be repelled by the smart depressed person is the `` energy '' -- perhaps a more appropriate term could be `` non-verbal mood expression '' -- they project outwardly . 
  ok , definitely not the reply i was expecting but a rather insightful and well structured one . 
  keep it up !, 
   you do n't want it to be too tight to the point where it brakes , right ? 
  sigh ... what if i told you not even alcohol lets me loosen up ? 
   i 'm not sure what your particular tone is trying to convey the type of attitude you have towards that issue . 
  are you suggesting that it 's not wrong to seek acceptance from other people , or are you insinuating otherwise ? 
  ok , i recognize i was a bit ambiguous : i was suggesting there 's nothing wrong about seeking acceptance from other people , nevertheless the ironic tone referred to the irony of being rejected if you actively seek it . 
   though , in your hypothetical example , would n't the intent of going through all that work be perceived as ` off ' or odd , given that the person being addressed knows what i 'm doing ? 
  yes !, 
  wearing a full mask and robes would make others form an instant concept about you as a person who 's hiding something or who ca n't risk to be seen ( among many other possible interpretations ) , therefore dangerous . 
   even right now , your post alone induces this sort of mild feeling which i ca n't describe well , but i know it exists . 
  developing feeling cognitive functions is the hardest for me to explain , but i think you 'll develop them in time if you devote yourself to it . 
  when you do , you 'll become much more receptive and know what other people interpret and feel about certain stimuli . 
   hypothetically , if there are two different people who messaged the group about the same thing , the only thing being different is that one of them is depressed and the other one is a normal person , then realistically , the response should be about the same . 
  i do n't think this ` energy ' can be conveyed given the limited ways to convey expression like that . 
  according to me , the opposite should happen : the depressed person 's tone ( and content ) should reflect their pessimism , even in written speech . 
  being a dweller on such subreddits i suggest you to visit r/seduction . 
  you will find enthusiastic people , depressed people , angry people , `` powerful '' people , `` wimps '' and many others with different writing styles . 
  i dunno bout you , but . 
  i wouldnt like , taek bery seriously a person who writes liek dis . 
  lol . 
   intriguing , nonetheless . 
  i try to always be rational about why people behave like that to me , but sometimes i just can not find a conceivable reason as to why they decide to do this . 
  you just answered yourself : you 're having a rational approach to people emotions . 
  emotions and feelings are largely -- if not by definition -- logically inconsistent , so analysis has a very reduced scope of helpfulness on this particular case . 
  edit : i find your writing style elegant , precise and concise ; keep it up . 
  or do it the hard way and shut the voices in my neo-cortex without intoxicating myself ... 
  five years ago ... great scott !, 
  * the neo-cortex is what gives you advanced rational skills , but it also controls your morals and restraints , real or perceived ; use it when you should ( solving engineering problems ) otherwise do n't think and just act on instinct , or you 'll miss on a lot of things . 
  * actions of confidence come first . 
  feelings of confidence come later . 
  * we 're all animals , therefore we 're susceptible to conditioning . 
  use that . 
  reward yourself to create habits and punish yourself to dismiss old ones . 
  we need to create the habits we need in order to craft the life we want for us , following our personal definition of success . 
  * marriage is not so hideous you should avoid any relationship or sex for fear of the institution or having children . 
  with reasonable care you can live awesome experiences whilst being responsible . 
  * driving a car gets emotional , idiotic , drunk people killed for the most part . 
  you 're not one of them , i repeat you 're not one of them . 
  so invest those $ 200 dollars and go to that driving course already , you 'll appreciate the freedom that driving skills grant you . 
  * now we 're talking business , do change those beautiful canadian dollars into american ones , they 'll be worth more . 
  also hoard dollars : you never know when the mxp/usd will be even more uneven because of chinese oopsies . 
  ^ . ^ . ^ dragon-fuckers . 
   i do n't know . . 
  i had the impression that i can read other people 's feelings much better than my own , to be honest . 
  i can detect slight snarky , sarcastic , and sneaky slips of annoyances , or feel a bit of animosity among certain people . 
  if that 's true and my concept of fe is correct then you have a developed fe . 
  nevertheless it probably still itches for others ' attention ( it 's ok , you 're human ) . 
   i was actually thinking if both people said the exact same thing , word for word , character for character . 
  theoretically , would n't people treat both messages the same , and it does n't matter who typed it , yes ? 
  i 'm aware of how sentences and the choice of words can reflect the attitude of the person typing the message out . 
  putting it that way , then i think you 're right .
