  pre-edit : the title is not clickbait , the nazi stuff develops itself later and most likely is going to be a long post . 
  no , i do n't encourage any political agendas nor it 's a talk about history . 
  i just told someone that no matter how particular your situation is , someone is going to read the stuff you write , so the goal of this post is to help whoever relates to my story . 
  first of all , general description of myself :, 
  23 , close to 24 . 
  mexican , i do n't have any disabilities or diseases , ( i 've read some of you guys have autism or asperger 's ) i 'm not even socially awkward , as i have a handful of friends ( can safely count 10 ) but i 'm not so socially `` proficient '' to really get what i want . 
  i do n't have economical problems either , i can say my life has been easy . 
  on high school i avoided women , big time . 
  and that was because i had seen marriages fail and crumble onto a downward spiral of the couple depending on each other but not being able to tolerate themselves in the first place , destructive relationships if you may . 
  so i was afraid of relationships and most importantly of children . 
  i saw conceiving as the apocalypse . 
  so eventually i met this girl and i fell in love for her , and i ended having up sex with her . 
  it was n't good but i thought it would get better in time , fast forward a year and a half and i break up with her . 
  i 'm very grateful towards her because she showed me a very important thing : it 's not worth it . 
  i 'll get back to that point later . 
  so there 's a big festival on a nearby big city famous for it 's abundance of hot women , and that festival is known for said women becoming wild ( read : willing to have sex ) if you played your cards right . 
  and i did n't go . 
  i sat in front of my computer and then i had an idea that required me to go to my favorite pirate sites and typed `` seduction '' and sort to books , just to see what happened . 
  that marked my journey as a pua . 
  of course . 
  there are many men who `` pull it off '' and knowledge is power , once i know , i 'll be able to lay countless hotties . 
  yess !!, 
  so i went to bars and screwed it , because , theory and practice are very different things and what you need is ** abilities ** . 
  intentions are not going to be good enough . 
  so i try and try and try and read and read another theory and keep going on , reading forums and the like . 
  but my reading was n't all that useless . 
  on a general panorama i got the whole red pill overly-generalizing women , and i got a hold on it . 
  because it showed me how terrifying this world is . 
  my idea was :, 
  * learn your stuff/groom . 
  * apply tactics . 
  * lay girl . 
  * keep in touch with her , perhaps for subsequent lays , or developing a romantic relationship . 
  so reading seduction forums i was amazed by the level of categorization of people , i mean , i just wanted tips for doing this but this was a whole new level , and i discovered the principle of hypergamy . 
  which basically means women will use their sex appeal to secure the male that can provide the best , and protect the best ( physically , economically ) but , since this is a free society , they get entitled to this while not compelled to satisfy their husbands sexually , and in that environment of control they even * cheat !, 
  * to get sexual gratification from the so-called alpha males . 
  the most disturbing piece of literature i read was `` why men love bitches '' on the chapter of the `` dumb fox '' , it 's basically manipulation 101 . 
  so males want to use their apparent power to attract women and fuck them , women want to use the promise of an awesome sex to attract men and bind them to their will . 
  ( ring of power , anyone ? ), 
  so it 's a vicious zero-sum game after all ... 
  but the thing is we have way more to lose than them . 
  i 've heard about men saddled for the rest of their lives with alimony and child support , both in mexico and other countries , and i 've seen men live in unhappy marriages just because they 're so used to that person , they ca n't stay away from them , even if they loathe their partners . 
  and then there 's the thing about 3 ^ rd wave feminism and how there are so many different types of rape ( date rape , birth rape , stare rape , etc ) and i read about how girls lie about being raped ( rape is a hideous crime , and important one and it must be prosecuted , but i 'm talking about immoral girls that will brandish the word to get what they want at the expense of real rape victims ) and how they feel threatened if a guy wants to hit on them , but wo n't feel threatened if they 're in an actually dangerous situation it the guy who assaults them is a stud . 
  but women are not to blame , the aforementioned system is a natural byproduct of liberties . 
  it 's better that to be forced to marry someone in an arrange for cultural or religious traditions . 
  i would n't want to be married to a woman i 'm not attracted to and i ca n't blame women who are not attracted to me for the same thing , it 's a fair deal , thing is that does n't solve our problems , only we can . 
  apart of the stuff i mentioned above i have 2 extra blessings, 
  * i 'm comfortable with living alone, 
  * i had sex with this girl like 6 or 7 times and they all sucked . 
  ( so i 'm not a virgin that wonders how does it feel / man , i must be missing a lot of stuff ), 
  * so there comes a point where i put all of this together and say : ok , i 'm not a stud , i have n't got what it takes . 
  but if i ca n't satisfy my primal needs ( sex ) then i do n't have to satisfy a woman 's primal need either . 
  ( security ) and besides , i 'm `` sacrificing my life '' for sex that i know it will suck ? 
  sure , i still feel the urge , but it diminishes quite a bit when you realize she wins a lifetime of security for 30 minutes of sex so unpleasurable literally playing call of duty is more rewarding . 
  ( i 'm dead serious on this ) i thought that in order to douse the flames of sexual thirst you had to meditate to the level of an enlightened shaolin monk or something , but no . 
  simply realizing how vicious people are , how we 're living on a neo-caste system that rates you on the basis of success ( looks for women ) is enough to turn you down . 
  ( or at least that 's what happened to me ) we are creatures of habit , and it 's likely that we 're on a vicious circle because of random events that became important on our minds and shaped our lives . 
  and of course it 's very hard to escape vicious circles . 
  but what we can learn from nazi germany is that ideas can be so powerful , they can change you life overnight when enforced properly . 
  your life can be changed by your habits , and your habits can be changed by ideas and hard work . 
  change habits ( that 's the toughest thing and you will notice progress , take you time , explore new things to do , notice what is affecting you , and small and steady work your way up ), 
  change your ideas : germans were defeated and miserable , the joke of europe . 
  an idea kicked in and then europe was terrified of the country they mocked about . 
  japan rebuilt itself after wwii to become the 2 ^ nd economy in the world for many years . 
  of course they had a context on their own , but , who says you ca n't `` build yourself up '' and face the world ? 
  ( please do n't victimize the world btw . ), 
  are all women wolves in sheep 's clothing ? 
  are all men vicious beings that will only use women for our sexual satisfaction ? 
  is there somebody capable of love ? 
  yes . 
  but to see the world on negative terms is my lie , and i know it 's a lie . 
  the funny thing is that even though i know it 's a lie , the more i think about it , the more i 'm convinced of it . 
  and that lie helps me despise sex and relationships to protect myself , and i 'm not being violent or harmful towards anyone . 
  i 'm just living my own way . 
  end of post . 
  extra : i like to think in terms of a `` cretacic '' metaphor : there are lots of dinosaurs out there , carnivores and herbivores . 
  the herbivores get eaten by the carnivores because that 's how nature works , and usually the herbivores are pretty much defenseless . 
  but not me . 
  [ ankylosaurs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ankylosaurus ) are tough bastards , and the harder the shell , the better . 
  so i 'm the most protected when my shell is tougher . 
  and any t-rex who approaches me will have a bad time if it 's foolish enough to try to eat me . 
  it 's gon na get it 's jaw crushed . 
  so my job is to harden my shell ( improve my physique to have better chances of defending myself from violent people , get money to shield myself from poverty , etc. ), 
  but that will attract parasites . 
  so it 's a never ending watch just for doing your thing quietly . 
  such is life . 
  [ removed ], 
  e.g : perhaps you like leon 's voice from sf64 better that his voice from assault or fox 's design from melee over adventures , etc. 
  context : i live alone , and i take a one hour a day cleaning task approach , as opposed to trying to get everything done in one sitting ( eg : today i 'll clean the bathroom . 
  next day : today i 'll mop and sweep the floor , etc. ), 
  usually i tend to procrastinate house chores a lot , so i tried a new strategy and i think this is it . 
  * step 1 : play music you love . 
  ( in your mp3 or stereo , whatever it suits you , and for the love of god refrain from thinking before getting your hands on the task ! ), 
  * step 2 : do your chore . 
  ( i tend to work in one of two frames depending on my mood : limit the chore to an hour or take all the time necessary to complete it ), 
  besides reddit , listening to music is one of my most time-consuming ways to procrastinate . 
  because when i listen to music i picture cool stuff in my mind , like my inner youtube , and get animation ideas from it that i can rewind over , and over and over ... 
  this process can absorb my mind for literally over 5 hours if i let myself go . 
  most likely you know the feeling already . 
  the music acts as a distraction from the fact that i 'm spending energy in non-mental activity , and at the same time , the chores distract me enough to prevent getting lost in daydreaming .
