  i said it --, 
  i literally walk faster in a pool than i swim . 
  even though i pour much energy into it , i 'm the least hydrodynamical person in existence . 
  once i challenged a 50 + age , severely overweight aunt of mine to a race . 
  she won ( to be fair she was an swimming athlete in her youth but still ) . 
  apparently , this subreddit 's favorites are esfj 's ( our opposites ) and entps . 
  the only girlfriend i 've had in my life is an entp . 
  i see . . 
  so you and the person who lives with you are both physics teachers ? 
  sweet !, 
  lol i assumed you were a native spanish speaker , having so many books in spanish and all . 
  i hope that stormtrooper in the frontline is alive and well . 
  the value of small talk lies in the fact that 's a `` standard '' way of creating trust and emotional bonding on another partner . 
  perhaps this example would be useful for illustration 's sake : do you like to eat pork meat ? 
  perhaps you do , and to maintain basic mental health and prevent waste of mental and emotional resources you never think about the pain and suffering of the animal and the fact that barns are in essence nazi concentration camps for animals ; if nazis made jews breed in order to slay them afterwards . 
  and if you adopted a pet swine for whatever reason would you still eat pork meat ? 
  perhaps you 'll still do , although some people would n't because they would `` feel weird '' knowing that their beloved pet is made of the exact same thing they 're eating . 
  if you developed a strong emotional bonding with your pet pig , would you kill him for food if you were n't starving and therefore it was not necessary ? 
  most likely not , and if you did , you would become scarred for life -- assuming you 're a mentally healthy person -- because of the emotional investment you had . 
  sure ; a friend can kill a friend and people get murdered by intimate partners and relatives all the time , but this emotional connection is a great filter that reduces the probabilities of being harmed by this unknown -- to some degree -- person . 
  ** edit ** : just remembered this : psychopaths have an underdeveloped use of the frontal cortex , the part that ( if i remember correctly , you might as well research further to your heart 's content ) regulates moral behavior , when you bond with another person , the brain chemistry starts working and now it 'd be immoral to harm that person or being for that matter ; when otherwise you 'd have filtered the action through and justified it , war being a classic example . 
  even though its a satire of what i just said , this [ austin power 's clip ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hd3w_vdtg30 ) jokingly pinpoints the difference about not bonding emotionally and doing so . 
  or hit you in the face ... 
  if i could animate this priceless moment , i 'd picture you entering the elevator turning around and sporting a sly grin as the elevator doors close down rather than your actual response . 
   i feel like a total ass for the whole thing but everyone i work with thinks it 's pretty funny . 
  she begged for life to teach a lesson like this , and even though what you did was logically consistent , you felt bad . 
  you 're the real nice guy op . 
  you seem genuinely caring and disinterestedly considerate . 
  agree . 
  more than a music video , it 's a scientific experimentation . 
  plus , that techno reminds me of contra . 
  sjws have gone too far if they think written or spoken standard english is offensive ( and it 's not even my native language ) . 
  true : sticking to grammar rules , good diction , large vocabulary and concise expression of ideas makes you sound more intelligent * because the grammar rules were established to convey messages in a unified way * . 
  if grammar did n't exist , the logical structure of a given language would n't be possible because everybody would write and speak in their own way . 
  having read the article , i think there 's a valuable thing to point out : the article is not so much of a crusade to ban good grammar so that uneducated people do n't feel inferior . 
  in my perception , the goal of the article is to convey that some people 's social structure has evolved into thinking that full stops sound insincere and `` rude '' . 
  this is just a shot in the dark but my induction is that people now equate good grammar with a somber , strict , serious ( and sometimes dickish because of grammar nazis ) personality ; certainly not a welcomed one on this emotion -- praising society . 
  but now that we have that insight , why not taking advantage of missing connectedness on purpose once in a while to come off as more friendly ? 
  -- thus effectively improving our social endeavors once in a while --, 
  i like singing and dancing . 
  even though i 'm a bad dancer i wish i had a couple with whom learn to dance salsa , cumbia and other mexican party genres . 
  i 'm also sociable in the sense that if someone comes over and shows interest on me i can disclose myself and engage in good conversation but it 's hard to reach over and do that , or break other 's walls . 
  i 've also learned to recognize other types ' needs and act accordingly even though my needs are more intellectual . 
  nevertheless instead of seeing this as a natural development of fe , it 's more like a survival tool ... 
  ok guys , game red vs. game cynthia ( any version ) who would win and why ? 
  ( as a person who leans towards analysis , i 've to tell you that you do n't have to be extremely thorough if it 's not convenient for you ; i 'd just like an overall sketch ), 
  yeah , i could n't find the video of jack 's bad drawing on youtube ; but the priceless , timeless music video is [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2wh8mhjnhm ) . 
  hmmm ... 
  i hope you find the way . 
   the only place i feel comfortable and like i am thriving is with my wife . 
  if she feels the same way about you , then i 'm glad to read there are still good marriages in existence . 
  i have seen only two kubrick 's movies but i like the guy ... no wonder his movies are remembered as classics . 
  in my particular case , reddit has made me improve my writing skills . 
  i try to use proper writing and whenever i 'm dubious about a grammar/punctuation rule , i check a website that shows those rules ( even though i recognize my source is a website rather than an oxford book , which is the most reliable source , in my opinion ) . 
  i 've also noticed that it 's hard for me to spell many words , but since i 've just started to actually write regularly in english , i guess it 's not so bad . 
  there 's one observation that 's worth noting : some people write homophone words implying other meanings ; -- like writing `` their '' instead of `` they 're '' -- this happens when you have n't had much contact with the language you 're learning . 
  it happens to me a lot when i try to write russian , as i can remember how words * sound * but not exactly how are they * written * . 
  i do n't distrust rodians , they have economic struggles and i understand that . 
  look , greedo was no angel , he was a criminal in service of jabba the hutt . 
  nevertheless , as a former resident of tattoine i know how hard life gets , especially near mos eisley . 
  i was about to join him when i received the pamphlet that changed my life forever : an imperial recruitment flyer . 
  -- it 's still one of my most prized possessions -- his death could have been mine . 
  sometimes , in the warmth of out units with access to education , health benefits and a guaranteed plate of food on our tables we forget about those who ca n't escape the grip of crime . 
  that 's the reason why we must keep on fighting in spite of all odds . 
  beyond lord vader , without the guidance of our emperor and in absence of admiral piett . 
  thanks !, 
  person in black lending a hand with an arrest ? 
  man , talk about some ground support right there . 
  thank you for serving . 
  it 's an honor to have you guys on our side . 
  oftentimes i do n't get well with the ground hogs but everybody knows those walkers have some serious firepower and are essential to ground operations . 
  having said that ; i am a tie hunter and tie interceptor pilot . 
  the reason why i have n't taken courses to get credentials to fly more advanced ties like the interdictor or the defender is that interceptors are more maneuverable and hunters are faster , while the defender has upgraded lasers , life support and broader arsenal to compensate for its downsides having a skilled pilot on the cockpit . 
  my question is : is it possible to install the interdictor 's life support system on an interceptor or the defender 's arsenal chambers on a hunter ? 
  feels powerless does n't it ? 
  our men needed our firepower to fight those traitor savage furballs and rebel scum . 
  we were told it was an ambush and a trap * for them * . 
  that the ore was going to be fully operational ( it was , it destroyed a cruiser ) but then it suddenly stopped kicking ass . 
  i was escorting bombers to raid the medical frigate ( if only i knew the super star destroyer command bridge was attacked in such a way ... ) usually i hunt rebels , but since we were lacking defenders i got assigned to that . 
  i still have chills when i remember the fall of the super star destroyer and the explosion of the ore. . 
  what did you do after the explosion , commander ? 
  i received the emergency broadcast of admiral ves terrek , rallied what i could of our men and jumped to hyperspace with them set for muuninlist , near mygeeto . 
  where were you at the battle and how did you escape ? 
  i try to not get depressed for knowing we left our ground troops behind and that other thing ... 
   are you a native speaker ? 
  yes !, 
  as a mexican student of engineering , i find it odd that it 's easier form me to study in english than in spanish . 
  spanish is a beautiful language but i find english quite more concise . 
  finish that grad school !, 
  i hope you 'll do fine !, 
  it is a very useful tool if you know how to use it . 
  even in engineering ( that uses exact sciences ) there are numerical/approximation methods that yield solutions to problems after a number of iterations , or formulas that simplify computations by taking considerations into account . 
  the fact that it does n't yield the solutions in the first input does n't mean the methodology is invalid . 
  besides ; psychology is a human science , not an exact one . 
  so do n't expect being described like an element from the periodic table . 
  being `` social '' is not exhausting for me at all if i 'm going out with my buddies or if they know other friendly people who share my interests and i can get introduced to . 
  oh , but i get thrown in a situation where i have no excuse to start rapport with people i do n't know ( or worse : if there 's a sexually attractive lady in the group i 'm longing to meet ) , and i have to socialize -- or the point of being there is socializing in the first place -- i 'll get ko 'd . 
  til we can end up in deep hell when looking for a snack if we let the ti-ne combo get too far . 
  nicely written . 
  i hope she really gets the meaning of your text .
