  sorry in advance . 
  childhood memories ... 
  let me put it to you this way :, 
  i ca n't remember how i managed to live with my parents . 
  ( or with people for that matter ) for 18 years . 
  some people advice me to get roommates so that i can spare money . 
  i tell them that some of them need the extra cash for living and others want it to spend it on booze . 
  the fact that i can have a single story house with three rooms just for myself ( and [ ver\u00f3nica ] ( http://imgur.com/899qvyr ) ) is priceless . 
  they spend the money on booze , and i spend it on quietude and solitude . 
  `` it 's a soul ( ... ) it just floats there . 
  it does n't give a fuck about ** fuck ** because * it ca n't * '', 
  merlin , fish wizard - 2015, 
  darth jar binks . 
  and the answer is ... ? 
  thanks for sharing your experience . 
  yes , i admit it . 
  thanks to the influence of porn i 've always envied the guys who have huge dicks , even though i know the g spot is right on the very entrance of the vagina , having a big dick that widens the vagina and reaches to the deepest wall sounds like an inviting idea , in the light of pleasing her . 
  turns out it can be very unsafe , and that `` physical incompatibility '' is a real concept . 
  i hope she has a swift recovery . 
  ukraine is the country that is the most loyal to our cause in the whole planet earth . 
  when we hold complete domination of our galaxy and the ultra-drive is refined , we will bring stability to the milky way . 
  and we shall start by offering protection to the ukranians from enemies . 
  i think life would be much easier if we were guardians . 
  estj , mostly . 
  but fuck it , now i 'm aware of the nuances of being an intp i can be more cautious about the toxic behaviors natural to our type while maximizing the beneficial parts of it . 
  besides , when i read our typology description ( on 16personalities and another book ) i was impressed that it said `` intp 's comprise up to 3 % of all types , which is good for them because they would n't like to be tagged as `` common '' '' . 
  you 're god damn right . 
  * pointing out how pointless some of their best kept traditions are . 
  * thinking trough all the possible angles of a given problem and then , when the conversation about said topic comes into play in a social situation/event , lead a person trough the socratic method of persuasion in front of their acquaintances and finally unleashing our previously and carefully well-thought logic in the discussion , while blissfully unaware of the social onslaught we 've just done . 
  alternatively pointing all the flaws of any system of thought or problem solutions proposed by other people ( whether they 're logistical , logical , moral , etc ) while failing to provide any possible solutions to the problem in hand or improvements to the system ourselves . 
  which basically is ( but does not limit to ) taking a logical dump in other people 's system of beliefs . 
  ( and or/work ), 
  disclaimer : i 'm not formally educated in psychology , just a fan . 
  having said that and taking into account the mbti 's configuration the fact that the cognitive functions are the same on both archetypes but follow a different order is what , i think , makes us different . 
  them having ne as their primary function means they 're constantly making connections about the information they receive from the outer world then meditating , rationalizing and refining those internally through ti and projecting , complementing and communicating those internalized connections trough fe . 
  and then comes si as their fourth function which i read is the one that can cause trouble if not handled correctly . 
  in my experience , fe makes me awkward in social situations , and pressured if i can not escape one that makes me feel cornered ( like on that damn obligatory formal graduation party where i was expected to dance and interact ( all of this in front of my parents ) with my fellow high school peers whom i disliked ) with the entp 's my guess is they probably go through the same mistakes over and over again because they fail to observe the cues from life and also forget things a lot ( but this because of their inferior si , although forgetting things is very intpish , that is most likely caused because of our primary ti in conjunction with our secondary ne ), 
  perhaps you can shed a light on my analysis , if you please . 
  i do n't think that you wrote something stupid , in a first glance it seems plausible , plus i think we 've all suffered from the lack of fe . 
  ( perhaps you can roughly translate that symbol as `` social skills '' ) but beware no type is perfect , we 're just different and we have different challenges . 
  imagine how would it be to be a feeler who has little control of their actions due to intense feeling . 
  that rarely happens to us . 
  but we have other problems . 
  intuition perception inception : bwaaaaaaaaaa !!!, 
  but not actually , because i did n't point out an exception to your statement , in fact my comment derives from yours . 
  it 's just another coverage of the point you made originally . 
  true . 
  well , yes . 
  it depends on the person and the situation . 
  you might want to take revenge at someone or maybe you did it for the sake of stubbornly proving your point while not caring about the social norms . 
  damn , on that side of the equation , we * are * kinda sick . 
  but that 's the way we analysts like it do n't we ... 
  [ well ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3f1d3qwsyk0#t=2m23s ), 
  contain youselff ... be strong ... do not ... start ... 
  argument ... 
  argghhh !!!, 
  i have to prove you right by proving you wrong . 
  if i was n't proving exceptions to your previous statement , i have to point out an exception to your * current * statement . 
  some other folks have mentioned other possible situations of intp annoyance that do not have something in common with pointing exceptions to other 's statements . 
  before we return to complete normality i have to tell you that your username is the finest i 've seen on reddit so far . 
  great approach . 
  i have n't thought it that way . 
  returning to your wife 's example you just optimized resources in a fine manner ; even if you plan to spend the same amount of money in the experience you want her to feel , ( and assuming you hit the nail perfectly which i trust you will because you 're her partner ) she will value the experience more than the jewelry , and you can save money while you 're at it if you choose to . 
  with cautious calculation , this approach can be for further optimization in other instances of life . 
  has the threat been contained ? 
  what is the casualty number ? 
  have the bothans and other rebels been apprehended ? 
  in which system did this happen ? 
  this is a terrible event . 
  another confirmation of why we have to stand tall , strong and united . 
  may those who died rest in peace and those who live find strength to survive . 
  good lord . 
  reading these comments makes me appreciate my mom more . 
  sometimes she can be annoying because of her being very observant of societal rules , coupled with the fact that she is very emotional and irrational at times . 
  answering to the question and being intuitive about what you mean ( that means i 'm not bothering to define `` nurture '' ) i have to say yes . 
  she was ( and still is ) a loving mother who ... 
  chose to be a mother . 
  she told me that from the moment she became pregnant on , she decided to dedicate her life to raise her children . 
  a `` professional mother '' if you may . 
  not everyone have that sort of privilege , and we sometimes take it for granted . 
  thank you . 
  keep up the good work . 
  i 'm just shocked by this information . 
  i get the feeling your intp is evil !!, 
  i ca n't make much of a conjecture here because i do n't know you . 
  nor i know the context you 're saying it but . . 
  it sounds like vengeance to me . 
  a planned vengeance . 
  he/she had some expectations about you and you let her/him down , so he/she set you up so you had sex with the guy for his pleasure , perhaps trying to hurt your feeling if you 're not into casual sex . 
  but ... she made everything possible for him to have sex with you and presumably dump you after on the right time according to his/her vengeful desires . 
  machiavellian stuff indeed . 
  take this as entertainment , it 's your life so you call the shots , we just have fun thinking about it . 
  besides , take into account that even when there are no logical contradictions in an intp system it is still susceptible to error . 
  damn , your cat is gorgeous . 
  i have a black cat too , but her fur is not so shiny . 
  which brand do you feed it with ? 
  well , i ca n't blame him . 
  brazilians tend to pull off quality stuff like that . 
  the translations on this gif are very accurate . 
  your humor was quite noticeable .
