  i 'm a responsible user of alcohol who has never driven drunk and has never done anything uncivil under its influence ; i love the disinhibition i got from it when i was a shyer person but i 'd give up that right happily if that meant tenths of thousands of my fellow countrymen were still alive because the actions of people who are less responsible than me never took place because they did n't have the means to be completed . 
  could it be that the countries with the least amount of alcohol-related traffic deaths are islamic ? 
   i 'll say this , / u/bootyboots2 ; you 're probably one of most respectful people i 've seen on the side opposite me . 
  it 's a pretty small club , and i 'm glad i can count you in it . 
  one of the advantages of being subscribed to a `` drama '' subreddit with an idea you oppose is that you get to see new perspectives and you can get to read people who sensible on the other camp just like you ; likewise , you can find out how irrational the people on your side can be . 
  sorry for the parenthesis abuse . 
  so much for a misread ... 
  however , the article by mr. schulman features an interesting grammatical interpretation by prof. copperud . 
  i think there are not so many people who can interpret english grammar that way , as most of us use it to write coherently , rather than analyzing ancient texts . 
  [ we can always dream ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9bnonfkcbi ), 
  call of duty : modern warfare 2 did that with shepherd . 
  at a certain point of mw3 , price acknowledges the struggle of russians who helped his cause . 
  i 'd really love to play a good game where you embody a soldier of any nationality against evil americans , but i 'd favor russians since they 've been getting the flak for the cold war . 
  to be fair , it 's a pretty cool commercial , and i liked the lighting and overall the way he delivered his message . 
  i 'm still confused about what does assembling a rifle while blindfolded has to do with anything . 
  i understand that it 's incredibly important for the citizens of a country to have a guarantee that their property is safe , but i do n't understand how human life and integrity are negligible over property . 
  you can very much do without the heavily dramatic tone if you want to have the slightest hope to not be immediately discarded as an sjw , eurocuck , or whatever word you choose . 
  besides , you 're speaking about the european theatre of wwii to americans . 
  that 's a * deeply * emotional subject -- i think -- because it 's the one time they can claim they saved the world from evil incarnated . 
  unless you 're like me and your idea of fun is to spend hours on pointless debates just for the sake of interacting , go ahead . 
  but be conscious that you 're most probably not changing any minds , not even if you were considered an authority on the subject and presented incontrovertible evidence supporting your claim . 
  that was a reply to somebody asking what did some people yell near then end of the anthem and another person replying they said `` hit somebody '' , which is absolutely not disrespectful since it 's a hockey tradition . 
  but remain seated while the anthem plays and you 'll start a shitstorm . 
  if that expression was originally taken from a comment , could somebody provide the link to it ? 
  if you hate that so much , why not voicing your opinion to the government so they dramatically decrease the military to non-raegan levels ? 
  i 'm sure that americans can put that money to a much better use than having troops to chill out there while waiting for that `` imminent '' russian invasion . 
  it definitely warrants its own thread . 
  post it for the sweet karma !, 
  damn !, 
  i thought there were no expropriation laws in the us , being so defensive of property and all . 
  i think even in mexico you can get a small compensation if that happens . 
   allowing people to find guns online that they can , after arranging with the seller , then purchase without a background check ( in many if not most states ) certainly helps `` prohibited persons '' buy guns without a check . 
    your lies is that you can buy a gun online without first going thru a background check ... 
     literally never said this . 
  i did comment on how i think most people view such a situation , but that 's clearly not the same thing . 
  english is not my first language and i may have missed something but , does n't the first comment directly contradicts the third ? 
  speaking from a safe and comfortable environment , i can tell you that i would only risk my life and the thief 's and confront them in a fight if my life was at risk , but not property . 
  of course , i really do n't know what i would do if i was in that situation . 
  even if i did confront the thief i 'd try to incapacitate them using non-lethal ways , but of course , i 'd be jeopardizing myself because they 're criminals and chances are they are armed with guns . 
  my preferred method of protecting my property would be installing locks and metal bars on windows and [ door frames ] ( http://www.homedepot.com/catalog/productimages/400/0e/0eb0cb2a-2be6-4d30-9f15-2406adb9441d_400.jpg ) , not having a machine gun ready to mow thieves down to pieces . 
  this sounds more like frank underwood 's america , to be honest . 
   if human life was unconditionally more important than property , there would be no risk in robbery , do n't you agree ? 
  i did n't say that nobody should ever be killed in the instance of robbery , less so if done by competent authorities ( that 's what i interpret from your extract that i cited ) , but if you are saying that robbers would have it easy if everybody thought like me , then yes , it appears to be that way at a first glance ; they would still run the risk to be identified and then hunted down by authorities in a functional country or the property holders could have trained , intimidating dogs for protection , or hire private security ( thinking about the police force is ineffective or non-existent in a certain place ) . 
  i think that , in the end , to commit a robbery or any crime for that matter is reduced to a balance of risk vs. reward in the criminal 's mind : the more apparent or real effort or risk there is , the less prone is the criminal to actually commit the crime . 
  i advocate for visibly increasing the effort it takes to complete the crime rather than surprising the thief with death . 
  i thought my countrymen were offended by them calling the mastretta mxt `` the tortilla car '' , not the one you said . 
  it 's not so bad to wake up and remember you 're mexican lol . 
  i think i 'd like to meet this person ... 
  gun laws in mexico explicitly specify the right for citizenry to use guns for sportsmanship and protection * only * in rural areas , and of course , it permits gun carriage for police , military officers , and security personnel ; all other usage is heavily restricted -- legally -- and the federal law of firearms and explosives ( www.diputados.gob.mx/leyesbiblio/pdf/102_12nov15.pdf ) states as soon as article 5 that `` the federal executive ( president ) , the states ' governments , the federal district ( mexico city ) and county authorities will undertake permanent education campaigns to reduce possession , carriage and use of firearms of any kind '' . 
  as you can see , the legal interpretation of the mexican law and the 2nd amendment differs in that there is no `` inherent right '' to keep and bear arms . 
  there are many countries -- if not most of the un -- that use mexican-style restrictions and are very safe ; if mexico is unsafe now is not because of its gun laws , but because of the inefficiency and crippling corruption of our government , and the amount of guns circulating does n't help at all . 
  near rhyme . 
  you 're actually right , i take it back . 
  the last modification to article 10 was in 1971 , when the massacre of corpus christi took place , so chances are that echeverr\u00eda was legitimately fearing a revolt at the time . 
  still , i 'd argue that the american government is strong and not nearly as corrupt in comparison to the mexican one : in the us , authority abuse means an unarmed black person gets killed while in mexico it means politicians can get away with literal massacres of hundreds . 
  i do n't think it 's out of fear of revolt but to prevent incidents like the pulse massacre . 
  every time a publicized event like that happens , people get emotional and it appears to me that they just want anything banned without putting much thought in what . 
  for what i 've seen in fbi reports , the vast majority of deaths by firearm are done by handgun , not rifles . 
  so rifles getting banned may prevent dramatic shootings , but a ban wo n't reflect much improvement in terms of reducing violence ( because other firearms are in circulation already , not to mention the black market ) , and will only further the ire of gun owners . 
  you mean it because of the sexy scene , right ? 
  how about the word kimono ? 
  it would be better if you picked between :, 
  [ he 's sending a special 5 de mayo message ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxiut5zd8do ), 
  #to arizona . 
  hi , used to be a genwunner and decided to play all generations of the game and i 'm now at sinnoh . 
  i 'm ev training my pretties to level 80 to whip cynthia 's ass good but i 'd like yo know if i could disable the wild pokemon battle entrance animations ( not just the battle effects ) to get the job done much faster . 
  thanks in advance . 
  i get it already , alolan exeggutor really caused quite the stir ... 
  the mouse pointer does n't match the palm leaves , though . 
  seems like spain is starting to export good actors . 
  there 's her and blondie fesser , for a start . 
  them using such anglo-saxon-like nicknames makes me surprised to learn about their nationalities ; blondie fesser , for example , parsed perfectly for an american , and her great accent did n't help as much to pin her down to e'pa\u00f1a . 
  such is porn ... 
  my opinion ? 
  you 're one lucky mofo . 
  american flag above soviet flag ? 
  [ to siberia you go !, 
  ] ( http://www.msktambov.ru/wp-content/uploads/taisia/2013/06/bio-stalin.jpg ), 
  out there , strolling by the seine !, 
  * what does america need ? 
  #s t a m i n a, 
  thanks for the effort post . 
  rice 's name is `` condoleezza '' , though . 
  in my opinion , this is why this particular election cycle is so terrifyingly dangerous : it 's entertaining . 
  politics are to be taken seriously and with a cold , rational mind ( even if that entails them being boring ) . 
  this shitfest is entertaining as fuck , but people are not being rational and that does n't lead to the intelligent -- nor civilized -- discourse that is needed when electing the head of government of the country with the most dominant military in the entire world , let alone the important social/domestic issues . 
  another thing that is valuable to add is that the mexican voter 's licence acts as the most common form of official identification ; it 's pretty useful . 
  something that worries me a bit is that people will be too emotionally tired to pay attention to the antics of any of those two once any of them rises to power : and the whole energy-draining narrative is that none of them are trustworthy but at least they 're not as bad as the one on the opposite team . 
  sadly , it seems politicians do n't give a fuck about it ... 
  or maybe reliable , well paid , well equipped , uncorrupt police with a side of economic prosperity ? 
  ok , just gim me that 9mm ... 
   even the most indigenous people that i have known here in m\u00e9xico considers it their right and get angry when there is supply shortage or ca n't get it as soon as possible . 
  which is a lot to say considering the indigenous peoples ' culture oftentimes gets radically different from that of the majority of mexicans , thus creating conflicts from time to time . 
  as a mexican redditor , one of my favorite debating subjects is the second amendment , and i 've come to the conclusion that in the end , the core argument is collectivism vs. individualism : people for gun control have a more collective mindset whereas people fo gun rights have a more individualistic mindset . 
  other than the burn , this picture is great . 
  karma system , in my opinion is a core feature of reddit ( maybe akin to military decorations ) : a systematic way of rewarding submitters for their posts , which is convenient to the admins because having submitters post content that other people like makes them stay on reddit longer , which increases ad revenue . 
  so perhaps it 's the folks at century club who are the real plebs , instead of regular users ( we 're more like the wheat they pick up ) . 
  are n't all countries morally bankrupt , though ? 
  not being able to expect everyone to do the moral thing ( asuming morality to be a centralized system that everybody agrees with ) is the reason why countries have penal justice systems . 
  just curious , on which part specifically are you stuck on ?
