  well done op . 
  i 'm a person who avoids drama like plague , but reading your post i noticed there 's heavy emotional involvement from the players and you . 
  for me it 's simple : he was called a child in a patronizing way ; that 's and ad-hominem attack . 
  i automatically dismiss the arguments of anybody who uses such a low resource . 
  true , it 's important to take care of your feelings ; nevertheless if something is offensive to you , you 're free to leave/avoid the place and league of legends appears to be a nasty place : [ on and off reddit ] ( http://idibon.com/toxicity-in-reddit-communities-a-journey-to-the-darkest-depths-of-the-interwebs/ ) . 
  true , you got me . 
  so true ... 
  [ totally stupid - andrew wk ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2p7redbwsyi ) ( be careful with the volume at the start if you 're using headphones ) . 
  this song , unlike u/ceph8 's does n't resonate with fe , but rather tries to take her out for a ride so you go to get what you want !, 
  six years after i discovered this song and i still ca n't tell where stupidity comes in . 
  from 3:16 on it becomes an anthem for the people who have lost confidence in themselves . 
  if you want a food comparison check this one out : imagine you 're baking a cake and the cake has several ingredients , but the ingredient that makes the cake delicious and special is a flavored coating ; so delicious you can eat it before pouring it on the cake , so you decide to do it and eat the coating beforehand and now you do n't have coating left to pour on your cake when baking . 
  when you 're done baking the cake you 'll be able to taste the other flavors , and that will be ok , but you 'll have stripped yourself of the experience of tasting a delicious cake : now an ok cake is what you have left . 
  spoiling is eating the coating of * others ' * cakes . 
  tststs ... bad girl . 
   i 'm being authentic with them and not giving them special treatment and consideration just because of a personal bias . 
  but you do . 
  and if you have n't yet , you will . 
  true , we want to live in a perfect rational world we crafted but this is incompatible with thousands of years of evolution : our reptilian brain still calls the shots when needed . 
  that 's the reason why statistically , people making an altruist sacrifice is much more likely to be done to `` save '' their kin than strangers . 
  besides , as long as you 're not being a doormat i do n't think there 's anything wrong with treating your so specially . 
  it makes a lot of sense to treat them differently ( or preferentially ) because they 're not the common folk you do n't have any emotional connection with . 
  no no no , do n't !, 
  god damn it . 
  look around you , it seems like everyone feels the need to have their `` perfect '' masks on : perfect facebook profile picture ( the one that highlights their better looking features the most ) , perfect career resume , perfectly decorated house , perfect -- witty -- speech , you name it . 
  try to see beyond the coating of perfection and check if those people are really perfect or they 're just trying to desperately cover their weaknesses to try to make an illusion of something they 're not . 
  surprisingly enough , we 're not unlikable : ask any married intp . 
  this does n't mean you should n't make an effort to improve , but that you should rethink if it 's worth it to pour effort to force a major change in your personality . 
  think if your significant other would push a major change for the better for you as well . 
  i applaud your formatting skills and i thank you for the time poured in writing this lengthy , yet orderly and entertaining post . 
  i 've been thinking about relationships for quite a bit right now , so this is what i think :, 
  we live in a new age , an age of change . 
  structures we 've never seen before are rising and changing the way we are and this has never seen before in the history of humankind ( there have never been so many groundbreakings in such a short period of time ) . 
  now we 're stuck in an age where our inner , impressible child is overfed by impressions of perfection . 
  so now wearing masks is the new norm ( i 'm perfect and therefore hardly anyone is worthy of me ) , and then you have people who feel lonely and miserable because they never found a couple to love/being loved by or they feel lonely and miserable because they nailed social expectations and saw how superficial were the people they attracted . 
  power . 
  what does power have to do with love in the first place ? 
  true , when people meet there 's usually one that takes the lead -- nothing wrong with that -- but usually people equate power with superiority and lack thereof with inferiority . 
  feeling attracted to power and repulsed by the lack of it is totally valid in an environment where life is harsh and depends on strong leadership for survival ; not a safe environment where food is accessible and happiness is sought for ( i presume it 's our current state ) . 
  you 're attracted to intelligence . 
  but when intelligence does n't shine as much as you wanted you become turned off in your relationship because your expectation was n't met . 
  now i know why romantic movies are such a hit : they portray a story in which two people become infatuated with each others ' * essence * , not each others ' * external qualities * . 
  this world overvalues external qualities too much ( they 're not to blame , as nobody ever fully relinquishes their primitive seek for perfection but this age of communication is also the age of exacerbated superficiality ; something that had n't been seen at this level before ) . 
  i loved freaking titus . 
  i think what paralyzes you is the fear of failure ( because this is what happened to me ) . 
  i wrote [ this post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/intp/comments/3x8j0u/failure_is_sin/ ) yesterday . 
  perhaps it 'll be of some use to you . 
  how to overcome it ? 
  stop judging yourself . 
  a way to stop judging yourself is not thinking at all ( careful , not just not overthinking . 
  i 'm saying not thinking at all -- about your performance -- is necessary so you break the bad habit of judging ) . 
  edit : about procrastination , i also posted [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/intp/comments/3s5qxo/science_behind_procrastination/cwueub1?context=3 ) . 
  ok , i perceive we have a slight misunderstanding :, 
  you pointed out two oversimplifications/generalizations ( i 'd suggest you spared people of being called `` gross '' no matter how much you disagree with the statement ) . 
  you 're right , i actually did that because i consider that 's representative of much of reddit ( and i suspect of the anglosphere and americanized countries ) . 
  when i said people bestows too much importance to perfection these days i was n't talking about intps per se : i had the populace at large in mind when i wrote that . 
  but still , even though we 're much less prone to follow mindless social norms we 're still not invulnerable to them , mind that . 
  about power , i was n't talking about absolute power ; i just wondered why people -- namely women -- seem attracted to power as an asset . 
  i can even accept wealth , but power ? 
  ( understood as the capacity to exert your will onto others , and in this case it works inside and outside the relationship ), 
  about shine/function what i wrote is a byproduct of masking oneself as perfect [ which may vary greatly from person to person yet still there are broad general conventions of perfection ] : when the cover falls apart one becomes disillusioned because expectations are not met ( remember the example you provided ) . 
  how can one use a function he/she never had in the first place ? 
  about essence i think we 're both in the same frequency but we have n't clicked : by essence i meant the core features of yourself . 
  those features -- i think -- are not positive nor negative : if you 're an introvert he 'll love your introvertedness , if you 're crafty he 'll love your craftiness . 
  are you talking about a perfectible/external/positive / negative trait or feature ? 
  ( in my conception ) that 's not your essence , these are just ornamentations of people . 
  so when you said people get off on romantic comedies because they want a partner that will love them in spite of their essence i agree with you , just in a different semantic : what you consider essence i consider to be external traits that the particular social environment one is set in considers negative or unlikable but can be changed albeit difficult to do so . 
   in real life , shitty people attract shitty people . 
  needy people attract people that get off on being needed . 
  abuse victims attract abusers ( this is actually a well-documented phenomenon ) . 
  this all happens due to the actions of said people , and their unwillingness to change themselves both externally and internally, 
  not challenging that idea . 
  i know it 's well documented . 
  edit : could it be that text wallers attract other text wallers to read their walls of text and reply a text wall in return ? 
  agree with the subtext , agree with the edit . 
  you 're all ... race traitors !!, 
  i perceived myself basically as qui gonn jinn ( incapable of feeling rage ) until the day our school strike occurred . 
  we went on strike -- just mexico things -- and we worked hard to contact the other campuses , speak to the press , sending people to mexico city ( we 're in a state roughly 250 km away from mexico city ) and discussing long and hard with the anti-strike students . 
  when the anti-strike party demanded answers from us -- and we did answer -- they turned a q&a into a witch hunt . 
  since i poured so much mental , physical and emotional resources into that strike , when an over-accomplishing girl called us `` unworthy '' of being the representatives i snapped : my fists were clenched , my blood was boiling ( my skin temperature rose ) i was walking like a caged lion with my stare fixed on her . 
  if i wanted to beat her to death i would n't have been able to do so because my rage was so great i felt tingling in my arms ; like when you sleep for several hours over your arms : i felt physically weaker instead of stronger . 
  add up that i was n't even able to articulate words because i was breathing like a bull ( seriously ) . 
  i wanted to destroy her by getting the mic and letting her have some of my extra-refined , carefully aged venom upon her but wisely , the strike leader played dumb and ended the q&a session even though the public -- who was fed up with her too -- cheered me to get the mic . 
  that was ok because if i had gotten that mic i would have said things i would n't have been able to take back later . 
  that day i learned that i am not incapable of rage and that actually i do n't know how i 'll react in crises : my true self will show himself when the time comes . 
  alternatively r/dumbevilplans . 
  show yourself as you truly are , talk about what you like , etc. 
  perhaps your significant other is like a perfect elf to you but mind you : most likely he/she is not , so in case you do `` screw it '' there 's nothing to fear . 
  perhaps the most useful advice i can give to you is not thinking about your `` performance '' -- how you look , what 's the other person going to think/say about you , that sloppy thing you did , etc. 
  we played with your heart got ta lost this game . 
  bloody right we do . 
  well , the message on the sidebar leads to think otherwise . 
  god damn . 
  wow . 
  your story is inspiring to me !, 
  there is no such thing as luck ... 
  your comment is clearly not trending . 
  awesome !, 
  thank you !, 
  we love you back !,
