  whoa ... 
  i once saw a post on facebook that said that an nfl owner walked up to the team and said that he owned the team and that he was going to immediately fire anybody who kneeled during the anthem . 
  money-wise , i ca n't blame the man . 
  still , it 's really screwed situation . 
  thanks for replying !, 
  well , i 'm not so interested in his employment policy but in the replies the people posted , regadless of veracity . 
  most were praising him . 
  tl ; dr ( sort of , more like a warning ) : not actual advice , not positive either . 
  may help you understand an aspect of male psychology . 
  i would appreciate comments and points of view very much . 
  foreword and note to moderators : hello !, 
  i 'm a 23 year old male . 
  i firmly believe knowledge is power so even though this does n't have anything to do with seduction tactics getting to know another perspective may help you deepen the male psychology . 
  i 've read the rules and i 'm new to reddit , i think i comply with the rules but case i break a major etiquette rule , feel free to delete it . 
  i recently gave up dating , i used to go out for the bar scene with buddies to flirt with girls but all efforts were unsuccessful . 
  i was closed off to the idea of having a girlfriend because i was terrified of marriage . 
  ( i 've also always thought that a relationship is the first step towards marriage , there ca n't be one without a previous relationship ) and i was terrified of marriage because i saw how marriages crumbled in the families that surrounded me ( e.g relatives , family friends and my own ) as most of them had unhappy marriages or were divorced . 
  but then a beautiful accident happened and i met my ex-girlfriend ( the only one i 've had ) in a very romantic event . 
  after that event we had a sexual encounter that was actually not very satisfying ( namely , no orgasms ) but what it lacked in bodily pleasure it exceeded in binding us in a loving relationship . 
  one month after that sex encounter i asked her to be my girlfriend , and we started a year and half long relationship . 
  that i ended , mainly because she had very high expectancies ( that she did n't show when we were on the first stages of courtship ) that i tried to live up to , but could n't and secondly because of distance , as i live 200 km away from her . 
  so after that , in last year 's ( 2014 ) november i thought i should use the youth i still have and live up . 
  that meant seeking to have sex with hot girls with the chance of maybe starting a relationship with one of them ( but mainly focused on sex , in honesty ) so i started reading a lot of material on pua and communication skills and memorized techniques and concepts with the aim of putting them to practice , i should have known though , the field is very different from the description of theory , and it 's hard to follow things like `` the 3 seconds rule '' why did i quit `` the game '' ? 
  first i have to explain some theory : ( that is probably well known already but i 'd like an opinion on it ), 
  we are humans , but developed as we are , we still seek to satisfy primal instincts ( keyword : primal ) in the case of men , spreading our genes as much as possible , naturally by having sex ; women on the other hand seek to satisfy their primal instinct to be taken care of , and `` kept '' economically and in other aspects of social life , this due to their vulnerabilities when pregnant and after pregnancy , when babies are very fragile and need the mother 's attention the most . 
  those primal interests are completely opposite , so they collide . 
  ( preserving yours means preventing the other from fulfilling ) this does n't mean women can not ( or should not ) be able to have sex for the sake of the pleasure or men can not seek for a fulfilling girl to whom start a family with and raise children ( if western , most likely in a monogamous relation ), 
  nevertheless a `` problem '' arises : in progressive societies women are now able to do many things that were taboo or downright prohibited ( like working on the military , voting of having sex for the pleasure of it ) so they have the upper hand in dating because they can select who they want to have sex with from a large pool of men and who they want to seduce for a relationship . 
  moreover , you can have twice the sexual pleasure than us and multiple orgasms !, 
  and way more control over sexual impulse than men , if that was n't enough they have a major trump card : christian marriage . 
  ( understood as the civil union ) the awfully difficult to break bound for two people who ideally have to live together in monogamy , one of its major goals being reproduction . 
  now , female psychology ( then again , broadly speaking ) has its `` weak points '' and those are the ones that players use to have sex with girls without compromise , those are the `` alphas '' and i think that 's what most of the guys on seddit want to achieve ( i was on that strife as well ), 
  so i went out to hit on girls on bars , my expectancy being : approach them , talk something witty , stay alert for courtship signals , touch and escalate and finish with hot sex . 
  my ex-girlfriend opened the gate for me to a new world ( relationships and sex ) and maybe the relationship did n't turn out to be what i wanted , and sex was very infrequent for my taste ( i recall 5 times over year and a half ) and never as satisfying as the media ( and my damned 5th grade natural science textbook !, 
  lol ) promised ( never experienced and orgasm , neither my couple ) maybe if i tried with different girls i 'd get a hold of such experiences , and i was somehow rushed because i wo n't be young forever . 
  nevertheless , i think i came off as `` needy '' because of a high sex drive and i strongly fall upon the category of a `` beta male '' , as i tend to ask for other girls ' opinions , not forcing my decisions upon nobody , ( preferring communication ) and being very careful when touching . 
  i have noticed that women are naturally armed with `` intuition '' that is , a natural mastery of picking up body language cues . 
  ( i memorized 3 books on the subject and i 'm still no match for an ordinary woman ) and `` smell '' the `` need for sex '' miles away . 
  i 'm puzzled and discouraged by the fact that both male and female pua deal with the notion of `` value '' so much . 
  women seem to judge men on the base of looks , income , and `` social value '' to rate us , while we have rating system based on looks ( she 's an 8,9,10,6 ) we have grown so much as the west , now homosexuals can marry , ( in the us ) women can become presidents , we are on a strife to eliminate racial discrimination , and we 're regressing to a quasi caste system ? 
  wow ... 
  in conclusion : i ca n't satisfy my primal necessities , but i do n't need to satisfy any woman 's primal necessity either , so i 'm currently working on being genuinely disinterested in the hot women i see at college or streets and being able to reject them ( as smoothly as possible , of course ) if they try any advances regarding a relationship or sex . 
  i know nature is capricious and the sexual desires of hot women are reserved for the alphas , so i 'm resigned to that . 
  i 've been told i 'm handsome , but that does n't make any difference . 
  but still , sex is a risky activity in the sense that the woman can get pregnant , and there are no 100 % effective contraceptives . 
  and since i consider myself a civilized man , i 'd take care of the girl and the baby had i impregnate her , but why risking it on the first place ? 
  why risking an herculean amount of time ( 20 years , minimum ) money and effort in a marriage ( or a de-facto simulation of it ) that would be life sucking for sex that may not even be good ? 
  i do n't consider myself a misogynist , but maybe my judgment is clouded . 
  this is an article of opinion so feedback is welcome . 
  i was born in tatooine , and raised in that place of filth and violence called mos eisley . 
  my childhood was difficult , and i was on the verge of joining jabba and his thugs for the sake of survival , and then i saw recruit posters of the empire , and decided to `` take a shot '' at it and join the ranks of the pride . 
  it 's the best decision i have ever made . 
  after i graduated i was sent on missions to other planets and systems such as cato nemodia . 
  i was dumbstruck by the amount of progress and financial achievement held by the nemodians . 
  so i thought of my people , back in tatooine . 
  i have come to think that one of the reasons they 're so ridden with lawlessness and poverty is that they simply do n't know any better . 
  how can i blame them ? 
  neither did i. 
  but the empire brings a new hope . 
  the hope that finally , those planets and systems will be enlightened and structured to prosperity , wealth , equality and progress . 
  and its our mission to achieve this under the strong leadership of emperor palpatine and at a lesser extent , of lord vader . 
  every time i dress up in the uniform , every time i sit on the cockpit of my vessel , every time i receive and order from my superiors i know i 'm bringing progress and civilization to those poor planets that would otherwise be kept in the dark ages , kept under the yoke of their own harmful traditions had we not step in and do what 's right . 
  ladies and gentlemen . 
  it is my honor , my pride and my pleasure to be a part of this empire and i bow to passionately prosecute the rebel scum until it 's no more . 
  i will not compromise our achievement . 
  i 'm a guy , who has a strong sex drive . 
  i read a helluva lot of books on pua but although i know lots of stuff i actually have n't `` achieved '' very much . 
  ( sex or another exciting sexual adventure that does n't involve actual penetration ) the plan ? 
  * meet girls . 
  * have a good time with them . 
  * escalate into sex . 
  * keep in touch with them , maybe it could turn into a relationship . 
  did n't work . 
  turns out female intuition works in a way similar to how sharks can smell blood from kilometers away . 
  but it seems there are guys who can pull it off !, 
  they go out and really do have sex with the hot girls !, 
  so the logic is `` there must be a logical , methodical way to do it '' anyway i dropped it off . 
  i 'm fucked because i 've no problem to talk to girls i 'm not sexually attracted to , but if i try to talk to one of them i paralyze . 
  big time . 
  i still have a problem . 
  i wo n't be young forever and i see my precious time fly . 
  ( i 'm 23 , going on 24 next january ) i guess i 'm supposed to live all this things because ** this is the time for it **, 
  but then i read the women 's comment 's and they actually do have a point . 
  we can be dicks sometimes , and it must be frustrating for them that we 're so hungry for sex they ca n't be friendly without us thinking that girl wants to fuck us . 
  so i get the impression girls do n't want to be approached or feel harassed by us most if the time . 
  but then fall for the * je ne sais qoui * that the muscular , rich guy has . 
  and he gets the sex . 
  it is also frustrating when you fellas tell you you had a clear shot at the girl you like and she liked you back ( sexually ) * and you failed to read her body language and wasted it * damn . 
  so now i feel like claude fucking frollo from hunchback of notre dame . 
  ( the disney movie , not the book , would n't torch a girl though ) i do n't want to make girls feel bad . 
  but i 'll never be having such `` adventures '' as the girls desires are reserved for the `` alphas '' . 
  it 's ok , i 'm resigned to it . 
  and yet nature burns in me and punishes me for giving up . 
  the worst part is that i 'm not a virgin . 
  i 've had a single girlfriend but the sex was not good , at least not how the media portrays it 's supposed to be . 
  i literally get more pleasure playing call of duty than having sex , so i know it 's not fulfilling . 
  why do i crave it ? 
  anyway . 
  ha anyone of you got some technique to belittle the importance that sex has in a male ? 
  like in asceticism or the likes ...
