  i went to canada for two weeks and i absolutely loved it . 
  i have n't been to the eastern provinces ( and or/territories ) , but the saskatchewan , alberta and british columbia are gorgeous ; i will eventually live in canada for a few years , as i loved the country . 
  still got homesick . 
  when i returned i ravaged mexican food like there was no tomorrow . 
  [ hello ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7uabjbjs18#t=7s ) . 
  no , if they are able to explain hurricanes , i think they 're mentally able to be respectful as well . 
  to be fair their self-righteous tone did irk me a bit . 
  just like yours . 
  wonderful body , horrible safety advice . 
  nice ... 
  u/jewdank , who 's the girl at the welcoming picture on the right of the subreddit ? 
  one does not simply stay and cuddle , waiting for it to pass ... 
  basically get the hell out of there if the hurricane is as powerful ( or more ) than matthew . 
  [ but these guys know better ] ( https://www.ready.gov/hurricanes ) . 
  thanks !, 
  they deleted the castration comment . 
  i 'm for gun control , but i 'm always blown out by how some people link gun ownership to male insecurity . 
  worst of all , some of them are openly admitted sjw 's but they make overt sexist remarks like this ... 
  amen to that . 
  in the same sense that cooking , swimming , modeling , lifting weights or knitting is nongendered . 
  it 's just the way in which people culturally attributes masculinity or feminity to some actions ; this makes even more sense when we 're talking about something as basic and primitive as protecting one 's life . 
  which is quite confusing , as they should be able to tell where their preceived gun paradise is located and where the caliphate is . 
   where ? 
  uk , france ? 
   maybe in spain or italy but ukip and le pen have abundance of pro-russian sentiment , wo n't be surprised if they go as far as forbidding french as a language in france and make russian official one ... or ukip doing the same with english lol . 
    of course i was joking about the language thing  . 
    yet , the so called alternative right are very pro-russian/pro-putin and there 's no other way of looking at it . 
  there are ways to explain it but not downgrade it into `` we just want good relations with putin and china '' . 
  while being in a relaxed stance , laughing and having his arm raised to the point where he ca n't see exacty where he 's aiming at . 
  boundaries shift , new players step in ; but power always finds the way to rest it 's head . 
  what 's up with linking firearms to male insecurity ? 
  i mean , some guys in the picture are even holding small pistols . 
  not taking into account how potentially sexist and homophobic that particular kind of shaming is . 
  i thought stormfront is racist . 
  this is all about guns and religious prejudice . 
  thanks !, 
  call me a conspiracy theorist , but i think cwm 's plan is at play here : the new `` hotness '' algorithm does n't allow them to hijack r/all like they used to , so they just need to spam many subreddits and just upvote like they regularly do at t_d in order to spam r/all yet again ... 
  cwm 's plan originally involved creating an alt-right political network , but then drama happened and he was kicked out of t_d for the second time . 
  sorry , i meant * sexual * insecurities specifically . 
  still , that image does n't strike me as insecure at all : they may hold life at a very low value if they 're willing to kill over property and they may be violent , irresponsible and unapollogetic about it ; but definitely not insecure . 
  the self-righteousness in your tone does n't help the gun control cause at all , actually , it just radicalizes gun nuts further . 
  why not trying to not write like a stereotypical sjw ? 
  no , i do n't own a firearm ; nor i want to own one . 
  because of butthurt about how incongruent is the idea of bragging about being a democracy and having the electoral college at the same time . 
  which is a relief ... 
  i dislike the man and i do n't agree with his ideas at all , but i have to give him credit : he did understand how negative emotions work and how to excite them . 
  he 's also pretty good at rallying people and creating/decorating subreddits ( or at getting people do it for him ) . 
  his plan was too ambitious , but i wonder if we would be permanently littered by his agenda , had he been more patient . 
  founder/distinguished contributor to the red pill subreddit , creator of the subreddits r/the _ donald and r/altright ( as dylan-w ) , and confessed rapist . 
  edit : it was n't r/altright ... it was a subreddit somewhere along the lines but not that specific one ; last time i checked they had a nature scenery banner featuring a snowy mountain and a lake . 
  [ fine , i 'll have it your way ; gim me that bait ] ( http://images.fineartamerica.com/images-medium-large-5/great-white-shark-lunging-out-of-the-ocean-with-mouth-open-showing-teeth-brandon-cole.jpg ) . 
  [ from oxford dictionary ] : ( https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/insecure ), 
  * insecure * ( adjective ), 
  * uncertain or anxious about oneself ; not confident . 
  just look at these men , all smiling to the camera with their relaxed stances . 
  [ male insecurities actually have been exploited by bushmaster ] ( http://static.thefrisky.com/uploads/2012/12/17/bushmaster-ad1.jpg ) , true ; but it 's definitely not relevant to the particular image being shown . 
  how do you expect people you do n't agree with to not make sweeping generalizations when you do exactly that ? 
  i do n't need a degree in psychology ; i think facts and an open mind are enough to discuss ideas ... 
  i did n't call you an sjw , i said you wrote like a stereotypical sjw . 
  sweeping generalizations ( do cisgendered female gun owners feel their masculinity reassured by having guns ? 
  ) , and incorrect guesses ( i do n't own a gun ) based only on perceptions written in a loud , uncivil tone are exactly what reassures the negative stereotypes on the other side of the equation ; validating their beliefs even further . 
  of course that linking gun ownership to male insecurity so broadly is both sexist and homophobic : people who make those kinds of comments are harassing ** men ** about their sexuality ; when there are cisgendered female and lgbt gun owners/users . 
  plus , even though you ca n't deny america 's worrisome racial violence , this particular post does n't deal with racism at all ( the man in the red shirt just right to the slanted pole actually looks hispanic ) : it 's about them graphically conveying irresponsible behavior regarding guns ( and , if you think about it , that image alone does n't tell you how any of them behaves about their guns in real life ; maybe they staged it to appear reckless ) . 
  i try to hear myself as often as i can , and i recognize i do say some shit once in a while ; so it 's refreshing when people point it out because i think we all have some degree of bias ; we can just attempt to control it . 
  report them . 
  is she sunburnt ? 
  her shoulders seem like needing lotion rubbing ... 
   they literally told children to bring stolen guns to school . 
  source ? 
  [ the video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qia4nkqxm8y ) never `` encourages '' children to steal their parent 's guns and hand them over to teachers : there 's a message that says `` stop gun violence now '' , not `` make a difference in the adult 's world '' or anything . 
  plus , even as propaganda , the commercial is a terrible fail because :, 
  * the emotional impact of the message is off : he lives in a clean , nice household and the shot to the reading mom makes it look absolutely peaceful . 
  why did n't they show a heated argument with , say , a violent dad which would give the child a legitimate fear of the gun ? 
  * the child 's acting looks more like being depressed ( which is a waste because suicides are an important public health concern among people for gun control ) than being afraid , the old schoolteacher 's surprise gesture looks forced as well . 
  * if stealing a gun was n't a terrible idea , to begin with , he takes it * to school * ( how about the police ? ) . 
  come on ... 
  it 's a terrible commercial with a terrible concept but is not nearly as dramatic as the washtimes makes it look . 
  edit : on a second thought , the banner `` stop gun violence now '' after the visuals in the commercial may have intended to encourage that behavior because it could be parsed as `` sometimes you have to go over the law to do the right thing '' . 
  it 's still terribly executed , though . 
  could somebody enlighten me about how this is sgcs ? 
  i 'm so brainwashed , i ca n't even notice the propaganda ... 
  of course i did , that 's why i 'm asking ; i even analyzed it and posted my thoughts on this very thread . 
  i thought that in another media outlet they explicitly said : `` kids , you have to take a stand : go turn your parent 's guns to a teacher '' , or something like that . 
  because you used the word `` literally '' . 
  they did n't literally tell children to steal the parent 's guns , although this poorly done video did imply that . 
  accusing somebody of literally saying something must be backed with factual information . 
  and it 's wrong ; that video is very poorly done -- as propaganda -- and conveys a terrible idea ( let alone illegal in many ways ) . 
  the point i was trying to make was that it did n't * literally tell * children to steal their parent 's guns ; it tried to * suggest * doing so . 
  i did n't say they were `` well adjusted '' , just that they did n't look anxious at all . 
  being the judge , jury and executioner does n't necessarily mean they 're afraid , in fact , they may be just bloodthirsty ( which is really bad , but not what we 're talking about ) . 
  i really do n't get what 's racist in this picture : they 're threatening * looters * , and anybody could be a looter , regardless of their race . 
  perhaps they 're racists , but if they are , there 's no way to use this image alone as evidence . 
   what you 're saying is n't biased , it 's just plain ignorant . 
  if striving to use facts rather than perceptions to back up my assertions is ignorance ; then i declare myself proudly and willfully ignorant . 
  it 's funny how it seems like the only amendment clause some people care about is the second , while they 're willing to violate any other to suit their beliefs . 
  has someone got that gif ? 
  i ca n't download it . 
  even though that 's shitty , it does make sense in the american context : it could come off as political pandering due to the atmosphere ( no pun intended ) of this particularly insane election period . 
  maybe americans should ask themselves if it really makes sense to not being able to broadcast science because it politically harms a party 's platform . 
  it 's an emotional issue , like many others :,
