  i yielded to my lower , uncivilized desires . 
  provided i was born in an english -- speaking country . 
  i 'm mexican . 
  this could actually be of much use as a structure of growth . 
  level 1 : acquire x ability and test it . 
  be capable of performing y number of tasks that need x to unlock further levels and stages ( aka more fun ) . 
  i appreciate your compliment . 
  she snuck off the transport vessel when we were introduced on our base -- imperial destroyer * indomitable * -- approached me on my way to the pilot 's lockers , pressed her body against mine -- she already knew how we humans work -- and grabbed my hands to caress her headtails while she lusciously looked at me in the eye . 
  i do n't think it was rape . 
  i know it was unworthy behavior on my behalf . 
  it does n't mean much now , because of the dissolution of the empire after endor but i had to get it off my chest . 
  well , you * do * have to take care of your reputation . 
  being black ops and all ... 
  her transport was leaving and it was mandatory for rescued twi ` leks to remain their designated transport . 
  this girl , however , was extremely adventurous and well ... 
  sex slaves do learn a few stealth tricks on their own , as it can make a difference between life and death . 
  you also know that guard posts are assigned to the least experienced troopers , so she made her escape . 
  we finished our intimate act and we rushed to get her back in unnoticed , we almost got caught . 
  up to this date i wonder if a dishonorable discharge was worth keeping in touch with her . 
  no human woman has ever made me feel what i experienced with her . 
  i searched far and wide through ryloth in a glimmer of hope of finding her ... fruitlessly . 
  i even thought about hiring a bounty hunter to find her but it was crazy ; bounty hunters are mostly violent and savage people who deal with high-profile criminals ( being themselves high-profile criminals in service of their own convenience ) , not juvenile , hormone ridden , passionate , free and feminine spirits . 
  i 'm content with the thought that i did n't betray the empire to pursue my happiness . 
  artisans do n't get 99 % of the girls . 
  99 % of girls are evenly distributed between artisans and extroverted sentinels . 
  resting your chin on the palms of your hands ( or a single hand tilting the head ) is a clear sign of boredom and disinterest . 
  resting your chin on the back of both hands ( placed one on top of the other ) is a clear sign of female courtship behavior . 
  covering the mouth is usually associated with lying ( although not necessarily , as you may cover your mouth while thinking about lying or thinking about doing something that does n't correspond with your values ), 
  none of them seems like good interview material ... 
  not `` de jure '' indeed . 
  but it certainly dissolved `` de facto '' . 
  it 's strange , is n't it ? 
  one intense moment makes you feel so alive , you become aware how dead your life has been , or is being , or will be . 
  and then the joy becomes pain and longing . 
  but we imperials seek stability for others . 
  we march or fly towards the structure we need to safeguard the people of the galaxy , regardless of their species ; we have adventures and profound feelings in our lives . 
  but not love stories . 
  not those interactions that flesh you out from the inside . 
  not those encounters that make you live more vivid and intimate times by knowing other person for 5 hours than squadmates you 've served with for thousands of hours . 
  true ; there are very intense stories of true friendship and camaraderie , but it 's not the same . 
   you can use alcohol once a week with little damage to your body . 
  if taken daily in small doses , alcohol consumption is actually very healthy . 
  i try to not have expectations of anything : i 've learned to make plans , validate them , follow them and evaluate if the desired outcome was achieved or not . 
  having expectations met means you slightly pat yourself on the back for getting what you want . 
  having your expectations not met means being frustrated -- huge intp issue -- so it 's better not have them : if i do n't have expectations then i can just enjoy the positive outcomes and not be frustrated when the desired ones are not met . 
  actually i am now more cautious about this whole force thing with light and dark sides . 
  i care about stability and progress , not about an invisible magical force field that grants telekinetic powers . 
  lord vader and emperor palpatine were great leaders but i suspect their ramblings with the force helped to bring doom upon us . 
  we are not sith . 
  we are imperials . 
  this . 
  my only girlfriend was an enfp and like yours , mine was a pearl . 
  yet still , she was n't such a drama queen but she had sky-high expectations of experiences that i simply could n't deliver ; and when i worked hard to please her , she was unimpressed or did n't value what i did because it did n't give her the feels she expected to have . 
  i suspect you have to make that stuff look * effortless * to make it count . 
  confront them only if they violate your rights with their religion . 
  if not , just watch for media that aligns with your newfound beliefs . 
  god , i 'm grateful i was n't raised in a religious environment , i really do . 
  to share my experience of 4 foul years of college i have to warn you about being eager to achieve mastery : even though it 's ok to think this , in practice ** you ca n't limit yourself to excel at something before moving on ** . 
  sometimes you grasp difficult concepts or abilities on the go . 
  cognitive functions are not mutually exclusive . 
  since some are more energy-costly than others , behaviors tend to drift apart . 
  functions and habits are like [ desire paths ] ( http://farm2.static.flickr.com/1168/1307255998_d6f93d39e3_o.jpg ) : the more we use them , the more defined they are ; therefore the more efficient , better performing and energy-cheap they become . 
  you * can * be proficient at meetings and a more valuable asset to your company -- and of course this is worth doing just for your own growth -- if you develop the functions used at meetings ( fe , te , se ) more . 
  in summary , having ti does n't prevent you from developing te or fe . 
  same for the other seven functions . 
   god forbid a woman is in public and breastfeeds , you know , using the breast for what it actually is biologically there for . 
  the male equivalent would be peeing in public . 
  you know , using what our dicks are for in a non-sexual way . 
  breastfeeding is also an intimate act of bonding between a woman and her baby ; it does n't have to be public . 
  i have called out women who breastfeed in public , but then again , it 's my sense of civility . 
  one does find insightful stuff here on r/intp and it 's over 19,000 subscribers ... 
  how do you measure rationality percentage anyway ? 
  well , i see dead people . 
  now , seriously i 'd like you to elaborate on your ability . 
  being intps we do like demonstrations because that 's how we know you 're correct , more so it provides a platform where we might copy or acquire your ability ( which must be hella useful ) . 
  by the way , i recommend you practice mindfulness meditation or simply get the habit of stopping your train of thought . 
  also , slowly but surely ditch the negative labels of yourself . 
  just saying . 
  red flag right there . 
  if you 're so stand-offish people will sense your barriers and will naturally avoid you , * even those you want to converse with * . 
  more so , it will be increasingly harder for you to socialize . 
  there 's nothing golden about silence . 
  some people are not very skilled at socializing , this technique probably works with some types -- exfxs i presume -- or people ; so they think it 'll work most of the time . 
  if i discover a socializing technique i 'll undoubtedly annoy some people , regardless of how good my intentions are . 
  there 's hardly any way to know in advance who will be receptive to you and who wont . 
   silence is golden to me , only because there 's no necessity to fill it . 
  neither there is for me , and i do enjoy it . 
  yet still , having this attitude towards conversation will make harder to develop fe ; so i suggest loosening up towards conversation , for your own profit . 
   do n't force yourself , do n't pretend to be anyone else . 
  be yourself , and if you 're slow to get into socialising that 's fine . 
  yes . 
   you 'll get more comfortable the more time you spend with these people and if they 're cool you 'll end up getting on with them , if they all happen to be stuck up dicks then fuck 'em and read a book . 
  yes !, 
   you 'll probably be pretty nervous at first but you 'll ease into it . 
  yass !!, 
   be prepared for small talk though . 
  maybe practice your `` i 'm not zoning out i 'm dedicating 100 % of my attention to the boring shit you 're telling me '' face . 
  well , maybe yes ; but i suggest changing attitudes a bit . 
  if you 're very fact/systems oriented ( like we are ) then `` mundane '' things will be indeed boring . 
  personal info is not boring anymore when you genuinely desire to meet new people , this gets reinforced if you care about them .
