  the one from the burning crusade ? 
  the green guy who tells me that ** i am not prepared ** ? 
  he should hang out with rita repulsa though . 
  he goes full epic drama for being locked for so long [ and rita is like ... ] ( https://youtu.be/hkps2sdu2io ), 
  that harley quinn image is sticking , though . 
  yes . 
  but if that happened , i do n't think makarov would have had any chance against all the might of ` merica and shepherd with a blank check . 
  also , soap saved himself * and * price . 
  price would have died as well and then who would have delighted our minds and ears with his epic military poetry and thick british accent ? 
  basically what infinity ward thinks about you . 
  good . 
  we do n't have any friends , that 's why we build computer programs that simulate human contact so we can satisfy that little primitive side of our mind ( but just while we find a surgeon to remove our amygdala ) that you feelers cherish so much . 
  take your upvote . 
  i am very confident in some things and very unconfident in others . 
  i am confident in my language skills ( even when i am in the learning stage ) because i know i 'm following every rule . 
  when an exception comes in , i do n't feel bad because there was no way i could have known about it , and i 've been following the rules ; step by step , all along . 
  i do make mistakes , but i care little about them in that regard . 
  something that it 's difficult for me to import to other areas of my life , quite frankly . 
  another one is having a way to measure your success , then you can notice that you 're doing things right . 
  one of the answers said that practise gives you confidence but i differ : the more you fail , the harder it is to get up an keep trying . 
  start with the easy stuff demonstrate yourself that you 're capable and then move to a more challenging level . 
  not that republicans could * ever * be be expected to rally behind a democrat . 
  it would be in the inverse republican automobile . 
  a mini van filled with the most agressive leftist american messages . 
  until team metal came in to save the day and bomb * one * jamming tower . 
  after that , they infiltrated a nuclear submarine with suspiciously low security personnel and bam , the entire conquest of america vanished . 
  you are feeling bad because of other feelings that you have . 
  that 's terrible ( do not feel bad about this !!, 
  ) , and that 's in part what 's driving your suicidal thoughts . 
  we are all emotionally vulnerable because we 're humans , but if you want to tuck mbti into this , then istps and us are the ones whom this behavior is the most justified , as our inferior functions are fe . 
  and well , you have pretty much recognized that you 're substituting the perception of being loved and being happy with booze and weed . 
  and it 's a huge leap forward for you to have recognized that those habits have stopped being healthy in your life . 
  i believe that in your particular case , perhaps you should quit those drugs because if you do n't you may generate chemical addiction to them , and then your body will need those substances , making recovery extremely difficult , so better distance yourself now you can . 
  hang on . 
  you 've been through a lot already ; do n't throw the towel just because things look grim as of now . 
  if you punch through this , you will see that life can shine upon you , and that you can and deserve to enjoy it and live to the fullest . 
  i assume that you and the other person who provided the suicide hotline are americans . 
  if you 're not , please contact any other such hotline in your country if available . 
  we gladly pay taxes so that precious lives as yours are not lost . 
  good bot . 
  ra ra rasputin lover of the russian queen . 
  i identify the most with the lawful neutral stereotype . 
  i was a leftenant back then , doing some wetwork . 
  i think that putin 's russia is keen on somewhat controlling the former ussr . 
  it would be stupid to enter a war with europe . 
  plus , everybody has nukes . 
  conventional war as we knew it ended in 1945 . 
  nixon wanted to nuke vietnam ( there 's a tape where he 's telling kissinger to `` think big '' ) and the gulf wars were no contest in terms of securing land . 
  fortunately , there has never been a war between nuclear powers . 
  i had the delight of listening to him speak english in person . 
  you can have him * anytime * you want , america . 
  like ... * anytime * , seriously . 
  the supreme court of sas has spoken !, 
  yes , but bush played his cards extremely well . 
  his speech at ground zero and that perfect opening pitch got pubic opinion on his pocket . 
  hey , the subjunctive mood is elusive . 
  that woman in glasses is really attractive , though . 
  i just love how the world is portrayed as an histerical mom and america is portrayed as spoiled little girl . 
  what if we try it out as men ? 
  do n't take it too seriously , though . 
  women can and do approach men who are interesting for them . 
  [ mfw reading this comment ] ( https://youtu.be/7r5a0pg4on8 ) . 
  it ca n't be worse than in middle school . 
  i get how you feel , but ... people commenting on their suicide ideas is a sign that they could muster up and actually do it . 
  maybe if we had good modding , we could open some periodic suicide threads a la r/shitamericanssay . 
  and i thought that the chinese charging murderer 's families ' with the expenditure of the bullet used to kill them was brutal . 
  seeking company , perhaps ? 
  i thought robots worked better alone . 
  the thing is that while nukes rain upon every single sqare inch of nk , kim needs to throw one itty bitty nuke on seoul to create an economic catastrophe . 
  `` the west '' can not afford that . 
  that of course excluding the human tragedy that is millions of civillians dying because of a couple of men 's egos . 
  do n't worry , you guys still have [ the australian secret weapon ] ( https://media1.britannica.com/eb-media/13/154513-004-1a3e9e0e.jpg ) . 
  same spot as you : not american , not black . 
  as a person who has been perhaps too much time in shitamericanssay i notice that a very common belief is that ethnicity and/or race rather than upbringing makes up your culture . 
  i thought that it was mostly a white people thing , but if black people tell others that they are * acting white * , it 's because they too link race with cultural habits . 
  i wo n't say we do n't have racism in latin america , because we do , but i feel like overall it 's more like some of us link ethnicity to a certain social class , rather than culture . 
  it seems to be that guardians are the most common type of americans in general . 
  i do n't think that being black has something to do with type . 
  i love her acting and her demeanor . 
  i think she 's very beautiful too . 
  i do n't get why are olympic medals so valuable to begin with . 
  all of the other items kind of make sense in terms of productivity , but you can be an old person without speaking english , without investment plans or education and still get in the us , according to this plan . 
  you 'd just have to earn a certain salary . 
  well , lotr orcs * did * have quite some engineering skills ( like the the troll-powered doors of mordor ) . 
  because nk is built upon the kim regime . 
  it only takes him to decide if they go to war or not . 
  even though he must have a base of fanatical siupporters , i do n't think that thr majority of north koreans support the guy ; they just do n't dare to contradict him . 
  or warren buffet and probably the first 15/20 richest people in the world . 
  china and india have smallpox !, 
  the left ventricle ? 
  he may or may not be crazy , but i think we should n't believe he 'll never do anything just because he has n't done it yet . 
  never underestimate human stupidity . 
  welcome to our beautiful place . 
  you 're gon na see a loooooot of our favorite brand of patriots here . 
  i just pictured a huge statue of him in the middle of ny . 
  lol . 
  i just pictured a huge statue of him in the middle of ny . 
  lol . 
  they depend on the aca , yet hate obamacare . 
  but he did that on the 60 minutes interview right after he won ... he even told the cameraman to point directly into his face to tell alt-righters to cut off the violence .
