   the fbi 's uniform crime reporting ( ucr ) program defines murder and nonnegligent manslaughter as the willful ( nonnegligent ) killing of one human being by another . 
  the classification of this offense is based solely on police investigation as opposed to the determination of a court , medical examiner , coroner , jury , or other judicial body . 
  the ucr program does not include the following situations in this offense classification : deaths caused by negligence , suicide , or accident ; justifiable homicides ; and attempts to murder or assaults to murder , which are classified as aggravated assaults . 
  [ fbi ] ( https://www.fbi.gov/about-us/cjis/ucr/crime-in-the-u.s/2014/crime-in-the-u.s.-2014/offenses-known-to-law-enforcement/murder ) . 
  when you said `` killed '' you meant `` lives taken by guns '' ( my bad ) . 
  preventing deaths because of carelessness , recklessness and depression are important as well . 
  for what i understood , it includes all murders police departments discover , since the data is collected from them , not from courts . 
  nevertheless , the argument gun supporters use that crime is decreasing -- very slowly -- each year albeit the increase in gun ownership seems to be true . 
  yet we do n't know if such decrease is given thanks to the increase of gun ownership or not ; we will only know when the us government publishes a scientific , comprehensive and rigorous study using inferential statistics on their pool of data ( the most reliable , in my opinion ) . 
  come on cryochrome , i know you want it ... 
  i 've always wondered how do the people to whom i speak to here on r/intp look like . 
  do what makes you feel better , but this is just fun !, 
  ( says one of the most attractive people who submitted a picture . ), 
  u/intp -02 , u/drunkmushrooms , u/aspiringmuse , u/lav-man , u/insanoname , u/hungryneko , u/imanipulatedeezhoez , u/thedrock21 . 
  i summon you !!, 
  i 've always been curious about how you guys look like . 
  i 've noticed i 've chatted with you somehow regularly here on r/intp, 
  u/dilemac , u/lemwell and u/hairam already did that -- you guys are good looking ! --, 
  i saw that u/interfecter , u/zakuzen , cryochrome and u/lucas _ berse commented on this thread but did n't submit a picture , come on guys do n't be shy !, 
  ( but if you are , i get you lol ), 
  [ well , it 's all practice what you preach , i guess ... ] ( http://imgur.com/fcxa2lk ), 
  no i did n't !, 
  i wondered how you guys look like but i did n't click on the post , until now . 
  why 're we not so confident !, 
  perhaps in a a few millenniums ... ( assuming humankind 's still around ), 
  strange ... 
  i was almost certain you were a man , judging by the way you write . 
  turns out to be you 're a feminine woman ... 
  depends on the person . 
  we have some `` natural bonuses '' where in average , women are naturally better at taking care of others or being more elastic -- i do n't know -- while men are supposedly stronger and better at stuff like chess or math , stereotypically . 
  does n't mean there ca n't be kickass female chess champions and male olympic gymnasts . 
  at the end of the day it comes down to what you like to develop . 
  nooooooooooo !!, 
  meh , it 's ok ; you 're 18 . 
  context : once each semester there 's a big party thrown/hosted by my group of close friends ; it 's pretty much the only ones i 've gone . 
  a friend of mine told me i 'm a totally different person when i 'm in `` party mode '' ; here 's the deal :, 
  i 'm minding my own business and talking to the friends who organized the party or others ( strangely i 've become somehow popular in my college because of wearing my trademark industrial boots and being known for activism within school ) , when another friend of mine just pops up with a shot of tequila out of nowhere and challenges me to do shots . 
  so he stirs up the public around me and instead of stressing because of attention , i go full [ maximus ] ( https://stilettosstoliandscribbles.files.wordpress.com/2013/01/not-entertained-meme-generator-are-you-not-entertained-is-that-not-why-you-re-here-37ff6c.jpg?w=459&amp;h=347 ) and stir the populace even more , letting myself -- partially -- go ( i can loosen up , dance , talk to people and tell jokes ; still ca n't flirt ) . 
  to answer your question , it depends how much of that precious liquid courage i 've drunk . 
  nevertheless , i 've observed that people who are apparently stand-offish become super fun when being drunk on the sweet spot where one does n't feel bad but loosens up . 
  one of the curses of being shy/too introvert is that we 're missing awesome interactions because of fear , thus preventing other to check out on our own awesomeness . 
  mexican here : because our police force is an utter mess . 
  a country with a strong , * realiable * , scrutinized police that has zero tolerance on criminal behaviour on its corps is necessary to safeguard the people of any country , actually . 
  each time a new president assumes office he changes the name of the police to institute policies where their cronies can get benefitted somehow or they start to mindlessly create new branches of police departments . 
  they unifiy and dive police to their convenience ; the police are usually outgunned and outnumbered by criminals ( they even have to buy the bullets they use for work out of their meagre pay ) . 
  so they become corrupted and join the cartels * while keeping their police fa\u00e7ade * . 
  double fuck up for us . 
  you can only have a gun if you 're a law enforcement/military officer or if you live in a rural area . 
  ( unless you live in michoac\u00e1n , where you can get racketeered to death by the obviously superiorly armed criminals with high caliber , high capacity guns and armored suvs ) . 
  there was a militia attempt by fed up countrymen , but it failed as the government arrested the leader , but then again , the cartel of jalisco-new generation was initially self-promoted as the `` zeta killers '' ( los zetas is an infamous cartel in mexico : best known from being rogue military -- thus maintaining ranks and military structures within the cartel -- deeming them especially dangerous ) . 
  they did n't turn to be so nice after all . 
  this is why american politics drag me so much . 
  the us is a country that the people can still act upon . 
  here in mexico , it appears we 'll need to capitalize on the next world catastrophe to start over and get a move on . 
  i try to be fair on both sides . 
  descriptive statistics are waged by both sides carelessly -- at least the fbi is a an official government source -- and i personally consider they have access to the best quality pool of data . 
  if you say crime is going down because of security cameras , then provide the study that mathematically proves the correlation between the use/improvements of security cameras and contains the justification of certified professionals in law enforcement to back why the correlation they provided is also the * causation * of the phenomenon . 
  needless to say , this pertains * inferential * statistics . 
  not you average tables and pie charts . 
  needless to say also , i support gun control laws and i never attributed the apparent trend of decline in murder to the rise of gun ownership . 
  descriptive statistics let you have a quick , systematic overview of the current situation . 
  predictions , forecasts , correlations and tests of hypothesis -- amongst other tools -- pertain inferential statistics and let professionals suggest courses of actions by assessing the probable causes of a given phenomenon . 
  i strongly urge americans to have the law enforcement agencies prepare a comprenhensive study about the factors that promote gun violence , to link violence to possible couses and de-mistify scientifically which factors contribute to gun violence and which do n't . 
  finally release the study to public scrutiny and call for politicians to enact laws on the basis of hard science . 
  never self-diagnose , girl ; go see a doctor if you feel bad . 
  othewise go out there and feel the [ sunshine ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipume-tne5u ) !, 
  lol !, 
  i 'm also one of those people who owes its knowledge about guns to cod . 
  i wonder if the weapons do feel in real life the way they feel in the videogame -- then i detest the ak-47s and love acrs , the scar-h/l 's are very comfortable as well ! --, 
  i hope i did n't sound * too * enthusiastic about the subject . 
  you 're a reasonable guy/girl . 
  it was a pleasure to talk to you !, 
  i * think * there 's a disturbance in the force . 
  the future is always changing , and my * prospecting * is clouded . 
  i 'm almost certain that the [ entj 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h7c-n4k3xru ) are up to something !, 
  that 's certainly the most elegant belittlement i 've ever got in my short lifetime . 
  i skimmed trough the numbers you provided because your fantastically right , broad-sighted and marvelously well-prepared argument does n't even include a link to the study you cited to begin with . 
  ok , i admit it , i clumsily inferred stuff from descriptive statistics ; the only thing they show is that the ratio of gun criminal death ( murder ) vs gun justified death was 34 to 1 for 2014 . 
  to drag conclusions about the dependence of gun violence to gun accessibility from these figures is incorrect . 
  the proper treatment of data pertains inferential statistics . 
  -- this means my ill approach is just as wrong as yours --, 
   now , some of this is old data . 
  it makes no difference , however , as homicide and gun related violence have dropped sharply in the past 20 years . 
  i would n't say that . 
  an objective study should -- in my opinion -- include data as old as possible to observe a general trend and model it mathematically , so that we do n't cherry-pick the data that makes our views look good . 
  in order to illustrate that i 'll pick a favorite example of gun control advocates : [ australia ] ( http://www.aic.gov.au/statistics/homicide.html ) . 
  for some reason , murder peaked in 1999 , but the general trend looks like steady decline ; and yet , we can not be so sure about that because we do n't have information from 1997-2015 according to this old data chart . 
   large , high density , low income population centers continue to lead the nation in gun related homicide despite having some of the strictest gun control measures --, 
  sound feasible to correlate general crime to poverty , but then again ... 
   it would be more worth our time and money investigating those correlations, 
  if you care to read the rest of my conversation with thedrock21 , you 'll find we reached the same conclusion . 
  ps : the next time you eloquently judge somebody superficially , please care to check your links so they lead you to actual information , as opposed to an internet service provider commercial . 
  it 's true , i did n't read the instructions nor the citation . 
  i thought it was just another source based on journalism . 
  got ta me more careful about apparent non-official information and interactive maps and charts . 
  this is also a more complete chart than the fbi 's since fbi 's counts murder only , while sidney 's account for suicides and accidents too . 
  would you like me to delete my misleading comment ? 
  we can all enjoy sunshine our way , [ even if we 're not getting actual sunshine ] ( http://img2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120408195633/mario/es/images/d/dc/sms_plaza_1024.jpg ) . 
  i just * loved * arrested development . 
  its has a unique kind of humor .
