  so differences between dialects are much more pronounced than to say , american english and british english ? 
  i 'm mexican but genetically speaking 1/4 spanish , the rest is a mixture . 
  ( probably even more spanish heritage there ) a friend of mine says i have a conquistador beard . 
  my nintendo 64 . 
  i grew with that thing . 
  friendly reminder : the last time that bald eagle sharpened its claws with rage , a dictator was killed and a terrorist organization filled the void . 
  now it runs an important piece of the world and has pushed it 's people to europe , bringing the perfect cover to create an atmosphere of fear , hate and uncertainty and a perfect cloak to hide . 
  actions have to be taken . 
  yes . 
  but take them with a cold mind , not with a blazing heart . 
  i 'd guild you if i had gold . 
  fellow progressive libertarian here . 
  i agree . 
  nevertheless i 've come to think that every single country in the world has cultural problems , ( and the us in not short of them , no sir ) some nations have more and deeper problems than others and simply welcoming them with the hopes they will adapt to the country that receives them is not the solution . 
  ( and neither is invading or droning them to eternity ) another one has to be reached . 
  but what to do ? 
  they say the terrorists are not 0.5 % of the entire muslim population . 
  that 's worse than finding a needle in a haystack . 
  and how do we get the moderates to help us fight them ? 
  the slightest `` provocation '' is enough for a vicious attack . 
  they did it because they wanted and they could . 
  and they share their theme song with this sub . 
  you 're dead right . 
  this is fight for us all . 
  shias , sunnis , christians , jews , buddhists , europeans , americans , africans , asians . 
  now it 's a concern of world security . 
  which means everyone should have a say in this , not just the us crying freedom and bombing everything wholesale . 
  but we already know it 's not going to be that way . 
  * bon appetite * . 
  well , if the us learned its lesson with irak they 're not going to do anything stupid , but if not and they go on a rampage and then call for `` collateral damage '' . 
  people may start to say stupid things , ( even those that may sound intelligent ) and then the time will come for the moderate muslims to help us . 
  by not joining them . 
  if anything happens we need you to not lose faith in the west , like we have hold desperately to not lose our faith in the good will of the muslim people . 
  i think the da'esh strength lies in the ease of replacements . 
  but in order to get replacements they need to indoctrinate them , and isolate them in an environment they control for their radicalization . 
  in order to achieve that , they 'll bait jaded muslims that have already covered their share of suffering in this life , but still have to put up with more . 
  they will abuse the freedom of expression our countries enshrine to attract this moderate muslims ( and non muslims psychopaths , but that 's another issue ) to radicalize them . 
  that 's the time you kick in . 
  you become vocal . 
  you thank the governments that allowed you to live a life where you can enjoy life protected by the declaration of human rights , as opposed to sharia law . 
  does this undermine you as a muslim ? 
  but it lets muslims live their faith in accordance to their own principles while guaranteeing their safety . 
  ( 200 people died in beirut yesterday ), 
  200,000 does n't sound like much * to mexico * , ( we 've got around 120 million people here ) but it must be a very sizable number for the swedes . 
  ( in addition to the refugees previously accepted ), 
  now , my take on this is that i think every country in the world has cultural problems ( even the seemingly most advanced ones ) some countries have more and/or worse problems than others , and this is reflected in an individual way by the `` neural paths '' . 
  if you live in a violent country and then you move into a peaceful country there might be a very strong shock and unconsciously you 'd want to make your new home like the old home . 
  ( so that it feels like home , naturally ) neglecting that those are the very same differences you were escaping from for a start . 
  now , if immigration is done in small numbers , the recipient country can benefit a lot from it , because a fresh perspective of it can be available , just like new ideas and the like . 
  but when people immigrate in large numbers , they 're not forced to integrate to the country that receives them , which may in turn push them to adopt the lifestyle of their old country . 
  ( that sadly in most cases was of severe violence ), 
  but i do n't know . 
  this is venturing in futurology and psychology at the same time . 
  and i 'm not a psychologist and with respect to futurology [ dr. brown knows better ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfsdpelzjvs ) . 
  edit : it 's fucked up that people calls you a racist for expressing a civilized , non-aggressive opinion these days . 
  you know you 're too far on the spectrum of left or right when you ca n't even use the right of free speech freely . 
  yeah ... 
  i feel you . 
  the us is leaning too far left , and it 's becoming more evident as time passes . 
  anita sarkeesian 's rants , the yale incident , tim hunt 's joke ... 
  the slightest thing can provoke a horde of people to become mindlessly vocal and saying fallacies indiscriminately . 
  you 'd just ignore them and carry on * but authorities respond to this nonsense *, 
  in our brittle defense there are mexicans who look like [ this ] ( http://i2.esmas.com/galerias/fotos/2014/01/14/d_9c3b7d03_61a7_befb_4d8c_ec6a13bd8f5f.jpg ) . 
  even [ la barbie ] ( https://news-images.vice.com/images/articles/meta/2015/09/30/untitled-article-1443654395.jpg?crop=1xw:0.8421052631578947xh;0xw,0.043859649122807015xh&amp;resize=700:*&amp;output-format=image/jpeg&amp;output-quality=75 ) himself does n't look like your average mexican either . 
  ( hence the alias ), 
  sorry about the mess . 
  we 're trying our best to correct our beloved homeland . 
  regarding the us , you 're in your full right to do whatever you see fit to secure your borders . 
  wall up or whatever . 
  but then again it 's easy for a middle class mexican who has access to basic services , college education , is not being harassed by cartels , lives with a decent amount of money , etc. 
  to say so . 
  edit : never mind , la barbie is actually american , ( born in el paso ) but probably one of those american people like rey mysterio or selena . 
  ( whom you can , in all certainty , call mexicans ), 
  well , i 've heard much of him . 
  his proposals sound reasonable . 
  his approach to socialism sounds like the one of [ c\u00e1rdenas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/l%c3%a1zaro_c%c3%a1rdenas ) rather than fidel 's . 
  ( by the way , i 'm mexican ), 
  what i 'm saying is that there is a tendency to outrage for everything : tim hunt 's joke , the yale incident , anita sarkeesian , you name it ... 
  the problem is this has hampered ( in my opinion ) the liberty of expression . 
  and , as we know it , liberty of expression is key to functional democracies . 
  now , how does this hamper the liberty of expression ? 
  because the far left outrages probably will make people second-guess their opinions if they 're not politically correct , as outraged people can demonize yourself and overreact to the point [ of asking for your destitution ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2015/11/the-new-intolerance-of-student-activism-at-yale/414810/ ) * for expressing a rational , civilized , non violent opinion * . 
  but then again , the us has a context of its own , and so do we . 
  do n't worry , i 'm not offended at all . 
  we know how this thing works . 
  but i differ regarding rome . 
  more than the loss or morals i blame the fall of rome to the government stripping citizens of their citizenship in order to fill their desires . 
  rome fell in the age of the empire , not on the republic . 
  reddit has taught me that every single thought , action or attitude i 've had can be classified in a labeled box ... :|, 
  they already took credit for the attacks , but at the time you wrote this , we did n't know for certain ... 
  it 's just that their guessing was right . 
  guildling worthy . 
  the indifferency speed of my mind is painfully slow . 
  no , no , no , not just that . 
  this goes far beyond mbti . 
  it extends to pretty much any thought , action or attitude humanity has had . 
  i do n't even know who sam harris is , but it seems i share his opinion , i 'll google his controversy . 
  hmmmmm ... 
  your reference article makes me realize how much of a poor user of computers i am . 
  i agree on the fact that there are laws that have to change or point blank be removed , but i do n't think that can be it when it comes to privacy .
