  anyhow , like it or not it 's a question a lot of people are asking in the uk now . 
  more than ever before probably . 
  for the record i agree with your answers . 
  is n't it better that their educated people stay where they are and they build the countries themselves ? 
  seems to me educating people for free only for them to come and work in london is terrible for eastern europe . 
  if you 're a young unemployed person in the uk you 'll get $ 324 ( # 57 a week ) . 
  what would a young german unemployed person get ? 
  100 to 200 euro each for a million refugees seems very generous to me . 
  especially with free housing . 
  i know people here in the uk who do n't get that . 
  edit . 
  maybe that was a slight exaggeration . 
  a young unemployed british person gets # 57 a week . 
  exactly . 
  we 've got a young lad at work who had no family , grew up in homes and ca n't afford to do a seven week course in order to kickstart his career properly . 
  there will be 1000 's like him . 
  when do we stop though ? 
  nearly 50 % of my borough is foreign born already . 
  many british people do n't want to be a minority culturally . 
  especially not the older generations . 
  personally i used to love the melting pot but now i 'm sometimes feeling foreign . 
  your sentiments are all very well and admirable but immigration has become a problem to many and is a huge issue . 
  to the point it 's the single most discussed issue . 
  it may well be possible that british citizens will start needing residence / work permits in many foreign countries but we are a democracy and we want to choose what 's best for ourselves . 
  whatever the decision of the referendum may be . 
  brits who are n't even living in the uk wo n't be high on many peoples list when they vote to remain or not . 
  ( if the majority of the population want something then it 's bad luck for the minority . ), 
  our eastern european cleaner who has been cleaning our house for 7 years ca n't hold a simple conversation . 
  honestly , i do n't like her for it . 
  why come to a country to settle and not learn the language ? 
  nobody in japan or korea would give a shit about it either . 
  what 's the explanation here ? 
  i 'm with you on that one but what are we doing ? 
  opening the door and permanently meddling . 
  time is to stop telling our children lies . 
  oh i totally agree . 
  nor will i get it from tin foil hatted redditors . 
  i try and keep an open mind in the sense i do n't totally believe anything . 
  too many people here lean to far in a certain direction . 
  so he was lying ? 
  i also dug up this ... [ the director of the national security administration today told congress that more than 50 potential terrorist attacks have been thwarted by two controversial programs tracking more than a billion phone calls and vast swaths of internet data each day . ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/politics/nsa-director-50-potential-terrorist-attacks-thwarted-controversial/story?id=19428148 ) . 
  i wonder how many of the foiled british plots were from mass surveillance and how many lives they have saved . 
  apparently very effective ... [ the director of the national security administration today told congress that more than 50 potential terrorist attacks have been thwarted by two controversial programs tracking more than a billion phone calls and vast swaths of internet data each day . 
  ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/politics/nsa-director-50-potential-terrorist-attacks-thwarted-controversial/story?id=19428148 ), 
  maybe not in paris , so far . 
  in london all of the 21/7 bombers were refugees from africa . 
   but if you want to blame muslims and islam instead of the actions of our governments to make yourself feel comfortable . 
  i 'll be blaming is and not our governments for this particular one . 
  many years ago i was on business in santiago and king juan carlos had the top floor of the hotel . 
  drunkardly i chose to ignore the signs warning us not to use certain lifts at certain times and the doors opened to reveal the king of spain . 
  i apologized in english and he smiled . 
  i 've been to the hyatt in shanghai . 
  it 's fucking incredible . 
  the sunday buffett halfway up was only # 50 a head . 
  all you could eat crabs , steaks and lobsters . 
  do we need it in the uk ? 
  is there a case it would lower crime / act as a deterrent ? 
  i agree with you there is no excuse . 
  my question was not rhetorical though . 
  i 'm trying to find a reason , a motive . 
  would sweden have a lower crime rate without mass immigration ? 
  would sweden have a lower crime rate without mass immigration ? 
  cheaper to use a non uk company . 
  why would you do that ? 
  the irony in that . 
  as someone on r/uk eloquently put it , # 3 for that is neither a meal or a deal . 
  what am i looking at ? 
  are they 000 's ? 
  what would they look like if they were adjusted for population or miles driven ? 
  firstly i contest that the people who have trampled across europe to get to germany and sweden are refugees . 
  they are economic migrants . 
  secondly , whatever fuck ups us ( or our own ) foreign policy has caused over the years since wwii they are n't the direct cause of the mass migration we are seeing . 
  the people are migrating for the promise of a better life which is a pretty fucking huge incentive . 
  millions of people have been told they will be looked after in europe and they are right . 
  if you 're somalian and you make it to the uk you will be given a house , front of the queue , free money for life , schooling and top rate medical care . 
  all for free . 
  and we wonder why they keep coming . 
  edit . 
  i agree with everything you said . 
  i 'm just adding some more . 
  they look like tiny figures compared to the total figures of 500,000 or 800,000 immigrants or more being bandied about . 
  even if you are deporting so many it 's a vast waste of money . 
  germany seems to have an attitude of letting everyone in and then sorting it out , which seems crazy . 
  is that a serious way of thinking in germany ? 
  that waves of african and middle eastern immigrant will reignite your industry ? 
  i just got back from a business trip to cologne . 
  under the station there i saw people living in some of the worst depravity i 've ever seen in the world , let alone europe . 
  i 'm talking old men living in pools of shit and piss . 
  why is n't germany helping them ? 
  i was there as a cameraman shooting a documentary on how oil has changed the kurdistan region of iraq . 
  we travelled throughout the region interviewing a cross section of society and anyone of interest . 
  we visited the camp only for a few hours and i spoke to nobody personally , nor am i connected in anyway with anything to do with the camp other than just an observer . 
  and that was very brief and limited to one camp . 
  now that 's out the way . 
  of course you must be right . 
  these people have had their future taken away from them and are no doubt living in conditions they would rather not . 
  ask any one of them and they would surely prefer to be out of the camp with a home and a job . 
  however i do n't care about their wants because they already have a reasonable life . 
  i care more about people who do n't have a reasonable life in the first place . 
  what an idiotic and childish comment .
