  you really ca n't blame them can you . 
  i know we are all finding it reprehensible but if one country is offering s better life you may as well take it especially if it 's a few days extra travel . 
  i do n't understand this either . 
  maybe it 's other countries media . 
  i live in england and do n't really see anything that i perceive would make them feel entitled . 
  they have been dire for my entire lifetime . 
  starvation , civil wars and massive movements of refugees . 
  the only thing that 's changed is that they have heard that we will look after them if they get here . 
  when millions starved in ethiopia we did n't offer them all homes in europe . 
  germany and sweden are welcoming the people who actually make it there . 
  the weakest are still crawling around in the sand . 
  green and pleasant lands for desserts ? 
  they have created a dangerous race across europe with little thought to the inhabitants . 
  you 've got to admit saying we will help you if you manage to get here is unbelievably irresponsible and short sighted . 
  remember the poor and the weak wo n't be able to come . 
  you 're right of course but they are n't exactly helping themselves . 
  way over half of british muslims languish on benefits . 
  contempt has bred on both sides and the past decade or so has just made it worse . 
  after charlie hebdo muslims marched in london to protest against the cartoons . 
  ( freedom of speech ) . 
  mostly the men leave their families in the camps and make the journey alone . 
  safer and faster . 
  fuck you and everyone like you who uses that word incorrectly . 
  even the bbc misreported this . 
  then the pull down was included at 10 o clock . 
  we often seperate our kids according to religion here . 
  i went to catholic school but other kids in my street went to protestant . 
  we used to fight tooth and nail too . 
  now you add islam and medieval attitudes , racism , sexism , homophobia into that mix . 
  you are probably right . 
  they obviously just packed their cars and drove to safety . 
  i was there shooting a documentary about kurdistan . 
  nothing to do with the war or relief aid . 
  of course . 
  i hope you understand us english are n't just being a bunch of petty cunts . 
  it 's just that immigration has become life changing here for too many of us . 
  my area is now 46 % foreign born . 
  the natives are literally being displaced . 
  i visited a camp in erbil two years ago and saw the opposite . 
  most were dressed in decent quality clothes and many had cars parked up too . 
  children were playing and it was all ok . 
  often the only time they see us europeans is when we are on holiday spunking money left , right and centre and dining out like kings every night . 
  i 've explained a few times to the locals that i 've saved all year for those two weeks and the other 48 weeks a year i 'm working a darn sight harder than they do . 
  i think the british government were largely hijacked to act last week by that stupid petition . 
  bbc interviewed a german journalist earlier and she said that what germany were doing was without doubt the best thing germany had ever done as a nation . 
  i 'm lost for words . 
  the wars been raging for years . 
  millions displaced for years . 
  what 's changed now ? 
  the refugees hear about a better life . 
  merkel confirms . 
  refugees race to western europe and who can blame them . 
  it 's such a backwards culture compared to ours . 
  gender equality , child sex abuse and incest ( if you can call marrying your family for generations ) are all relatively normal . 
  we should n't be that surprised when stuff like this happens really . 
  it 's also pretty sad that generations later many still havent integrated . 
  they have less respect for a lot more than women and children . 
  they do n't respect much about the uk or its people . 
  me too . 
  from 100 % to doubtful although i 'm glad i have time to see what happens so i can take a measured opinion . 
  if i voted today it would be to leave . 
  see the amount of upvotes their comment got though . 
  they bombed my mother and father . 
  this is the bit that disturbs me most . 
  if i said to one of my friends i had some child to fuck i would n't have that friend anymore and i doubt i would last a day before the police knocked on my door . 
  whereas it seems their whole communities accept it . 
  london . 
  my friends are leaving because my schools are second language english . 
  at least tackelling the problem at source will help the weakest . 
  it 's disgusting what merkel has done . 
  creating a race across europe which the strongest will win and people will die trying . 
  not to mention the poor countires in between . 
  if you are going to offer shelter then you should provide safe passage . 
  and merkel is n't short sited and reactionary . 
  we 're sick of mass immigration . 
  it 's affected all our lives too much . 
  my area has gone from 25 % foreigners to 46 % in 10 years . 
  all my friends are leaving . 
  call me racist but i 'm english and want to live with people i relate too . 
  merkel agreed to take syrian migrants before that photo too . 
  it protects the citizens too . 
  they just showed the full incident on the 10 news . 
  do you think it 's possible the reporter reported what he saw ? 
  then saw the video afterwards . 
  but as someone pointed out many refugees are gaining citizenship and coming here because our benefits are better . 
  if you lived in a camp in turkey and germany invited you to go and live there you would fight to get there too . 
  you ca n't blame the refugees . 
  the genie is well and truly out of the bottle now . 
  how are they arriving from turkey ? 
  scheduled passenger ferries ? 
  i was at a camp in northern iraq in 2013 and most of them had their cars with them parked up outside their tents . 
  when you think about it they are n't going to escape on foot when they have a car on the drive . 
  i presume many have left houses and land behind . 
  i feel the opinion in the uk is that most people actually think its really sad and empathise with the immigrants yet they perceive our country ( wrongly or rightly ) to be full to breaking point . 
  there is a definite groundswell of opinion against the immigrants but it 's not hateful or racist on the level of jpaolo 's post . 
  also we have less tolerance of people breaking the law to get here . 
  the majority of british muslims are unemployed and many are third generation . 
  why are syrians getting preferential treatment ? 
  the people of many north african nations are surely just as desperate . 
  in scotland democracy was the only winner .
