  i agree to an extent . 
  although sadly i believe islam is a bad influence . 
  they expect free passage and complain when they are refused . 
  how is n't this entitled ? 
  i know . 
  how do mexicans integrate ? 
  i come over there every year but as a tourist so it 's hard to gage . 
  that 's surely because it 's not policed well enough ? 
  it 's possible to totally secure a border . 
  the majority of muslims in the uk do n't bother working . 
  it 's the religion and culture . 
  the vast majority of muslims in the uk are unemployed even though many are british . 
  yet non muslims integrate and do well . 
  yeah . 
  thats stands to reason . 
  although to be fair who is n't these days . 
  most of my pals in london are on 60 + hours a week . 
  we are all coining it but 60 + hours ?!, 
  that 's more than a tube driver . 
  that 's an amazing salary for managing a shop . 
  whats the moroccan problem ? 
  it 's fucking merkel . 
  put yourself in the shoes of a migrant having been promised a better life in germany than the camp you 've been in ... they all hit the road and are now desperate to get to germany . 
  the average migrant , and they are migrants and not refugees anymore , is fucking indignantly trying to get to the promised land . 
  anybody inbetween trying to stop them becomes an enemy . 
  same as taking a baby on a boat across the ocean in big waves . 
  thankfully most leave their families in the relatively safety of the camps . 
  all my local taxi drivers are from afghanistan . 
  fuck putting your kids in with them . 
  i know what you mean . 
  i blame the eu more though . 
  if you dangle a carrot of a better life to millions of refugees of course a fair percentage are going to come . 
  they think they are going to have a house , benefits and eventually a job in germany or sweden , leading to a high standard of living . 
  i think this has led to entitlement . 
  `` let us come through , we want to get to germany '' . 
  edit . 
  the genie is well and truly out of the bottle now as far as europe is concerned . 
  white flight . 
  was n't the dead kid after merkels acceptance speech ? 
  the dead kid certainly prompted an online petition in the uk which influenced our pm . 
  how do you confront them ? 
  that should include the working class , non academic perspective then too ? 
  what 's done to make sure that money is spent on those in need ? 
  so you vote me down for having to explain his thought . 
  prick . 
  i lived there 15 odd years ago up in isan . 
  my observations were far from scientific . 
  if the shit hits the fan the europeans may get real and actually see the wood for the trees . 
  he is firmly on his countries side when he hopes for something bad to happen . 
  is it true they have big families to ensure their future ? 
  in the sense the more children they have , the more money and support comes in when they are old . 
  this is something i observed whilst living in thailand . 
  it was only a few generations ago we westerners had much bigger families . 
  if we leave the eu you 'll still be able to work in europe . 
  was sarcasm . 
  they should really cancel it out of respect for the immigrants . 
  these people are economic migrants not refugees . 
  they are healthy and rich enough to cross europe . 
  if you want to save lives your helping the wrong people . 
  i 've only ever been to the airport . 
  time for a proper visit i think . 
  where are they putting them then ? 
  hang on . 
  you invited them to germany causing a stampede across europe and you have n't even got houses for them to live in ? 
  i thought germany had put a figure of 800,000 . 
  then i heard 500,000 per year . 
  now they are closing their border . 
  i ca n't understand how merkel could have got it this wrong . 
  most clear thinking people think you guys are doing the right thing . 
  arriving business class from heathrow would n't look good . 
  not for fraudulent purposes of course . 
  i think the lack of arabic may let me down thinking about it . 
  where are the muslim ghettos in london ? 
  tower hamlets maybe . 
  i could pass as a syrian . 
  do you reckon i could just fly to germany , fake an accent and get a house and some cash ? 
  semi serious question . 
  i could make it a documentary . 
  i was a cameraman for 15 years . 
  these little children are saying in the classroom that the hebdo killings were justified and you tolerate it ? 
  teenage boys say they will fuck german girls but never marry . 
  you tolerate that ? 
  you tolerate the fact that they teach their children that homosexuality is a sin ? 
  i think it 's probably true to say that it 's easier to make the journey if you have some money and are physically capable . 
  this is born out by the great majority of the migrants being young and male . 
  whether that makes them more suitable i ca n't answer . 
  what is true is that merkel by inviting them but not providing safe passage has contributed to a race of the fittest . 
  i 'm funny how we have to tolerate the intolerant lest we be labelled intolerant . 
  racist is not a word that we should use because it 's to do with their religion and culture . 
  political correctness is not politically correct . 
  you have to have certain resources to hit the road and start the journey in the first place . 
  you need to be in good health and have money . 
  this is what staggers me about the german position . 
  we 'll give you a better life but you have to get here on your own . 
  fuck the poor and the sick . 
  merkel is n't stupid she knows full well this is the case . 
  edit . 
  also fuck the law and all the nations in between . 
  point out the false information . 
  sure ... http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/8054403/britains-coping-classes-at-breaking-point.html,
