  i visited a camp in the dessert just outside erbil in iraq . 
  it really was n't what you expect . 
  they had food , clean water , children were playing and they had makeshift schools . 
  many had cars . 
  some range rovers or mercedes parked up outside their tents . 
  yet on holiday in india one sees children begging in the streets and in africa people are dying because they ca n't get clean water or afford medicines . 
  why is it the syrians who are so entitled to our help when there are infinitely worse off people all over the world ? 
  i was discounting those answers . 
  seriously what is it with the syrians ? 
  i 'd like to know because i 've personally visited a camp in northern iraq and i saw nothing remotely bothering whereas i 've seen real grinding poverty , sickness and people without clean water in other countries . 
  if your going to spend billions why not spend it saving children from dying . 
  i would wager a syrian camp is safer than an afghan village yet they choose the syrians !, 
  why ? 
  check his potential replacements ... http://www.espnfc.co.uk/blog/fifa/243/post/2683528/rating-the-potential-fifa-presidents-post-blatter the favourite according to the above is a south african who was imprisoned alongside mandela and had made # 130 million in diamonds and oil . 
  i agree with you but if we are digging through 80 years of history hitler had a lot more to answer to than the uk and us ever did . 
  i only see the light of day when i 'm not working . 
  our ancestors were idiots . 
  you mean the [ reliant robin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reliant_robin?oldformat=true ) . 
  they were actually quite a common site in the 70 's and 80 's . 
  it 's funny because we are capable of producing seriously high end shit . 
  not just some of the best cars in the world but also incredibly complex things like jet engines . 
  yet you are right in what you are saying too . 
  we also produced stuff like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lyhkuds.jpg ) . 
  i ca n't even stretch my mind into why speaking about volumes is racist . 
  why should we be absorbing the worlds poor all of a sudden ? 
  there have been wars all over africa and the middle east for all of my 45 years and many have been far worse . 
  why is it right now that we feel that we must offer them a home ? 
  and why the relatively well off syrians ? 
  i 've visited a camp in 2013 and it was fine . 
  i just ca n't get my head round why people want to help the syrians when elsewhere there is real grinding poverty and starvation . 
  children working on landfills scratching through the filth to survive or worse , not enough food and no clean water . 
  why not fly all the way to germany ? 
  exactly . 
  it 's up to the eu , not germany on her own . 
  what 's happening in the mediterranean which is like auschwitz ? 
  edit . 
  why the downvotes ? 
  it 's a serious question . 
  if civilians suffer any ` consequences ' i ca n't see it ending well for the immigrants . 
  will syrians be covered for free ? 
  they wo n't make enough to pay for that . 
  # 5 a day on three in germany just for data although i had truly free roaming in america and spain earlier in the year . 
  in many cases they have had centuries to heal their countries , if not millennia . 
  long may that last where you live because the scaremongering has basis in fact . 
  i worked in cologne a few weeks ago and saw a woman with two kids at the station who looked syrian . 
  that was it . 
  the society seemed a lot more homogenous than most british cities . 
  certainly german . 
  for me it 's coffee . 
  is that even anywhere near a living wage for them ? 
  i presume / hope the wage would be pretty good when they have a few years under their belt . 
  yeah . 
  what about intermarriage ? 
  seems to me without that you will never achieve integration . 
  i would keep an open mind until we 've seen what reforms are going to be made . 
  if you ca n't house them , why invite them ? 
  and is the plan to house them all eventually or keep them in camps and send them back eventually ? 
  seems to me they were better off where they were . 
  especially considering all the deaths and crime that 's occurred . 
  here in the uk ours close because of similar things . 
  it 's actually good to hear we are n't alone . 
  i think because of the brain drain . 
  take the nhs service for example . 
  we have doctors working here from all over the world . 
  which is what i alluded too . 
  do n't think the syrians are n't used to freezing temperatures though . 
  they look better and they get beautifully warm when they dim are two possible reasons . 
  they are hugely fashionable in the uk . 
  would all those billions spent rehousing the worlds poor here in the west be better off channelled into helping them at source ? 
  syria gets pretty cold in the winter too , although probably not down to swedish levels . 
  many will be used to snow . 
  exactly . 
  when i left school in 1986 i could make over # 100 cash per day labouring on a building site . 
  you could buy a home in london on that money . 
  indeed my girlfriend bought her first london flat on the proceeds from waitressing . 
  immigration has massively affected the low income working classes in my city as well as helping to make houses totally unaffordable for anyone who is n't rich . 
  not to mention a large percentage of the cities housing stock is lived in by foreigners . 
  was wondering what that meant . 
  is this relatively recent ? 
  even if you are correct these extra percent keep chipping away . 
  they eat away at our prosperity that we gained from working hard . 
  we should n't be encouraging or demonstrating that people can come here and not work . 
  it 's damaging to us and them . 
  if this is true and i 'm not saying it 's not , then it 's crazy that one of the worlds foremost nations is having decisions based on irrational thought . 
  why ? 
  i just got back from germany and i like you guys very much . 
  i do n't know enough about you to answer the question i asked though . 
  how can exponential growth be sustainable in the long term though ? 
  deputy ceo kassim tokan from bradford is white ? 
  unless they are extremely skilled then they would n't get that much work in the uk from mainstream companies . 
  if a syrian electrician came to the u.k. 
  they would have to study pretty much every exam which would mean learning english first . 
  same with a plumber or any trade for that matter . 
  to train and certify for a trade is n't cheap either . 
  you ask why we do n't have open boarders in europe then call someone an idiot . 
  it 's not a modern phenomenon . 
  i remember a sexual predator preying in the grounds of wolverhampton university in the early 90 's and the union refused to give a description because the perpetrator was black . 
  i do n't know for certain but i would think this is one of the primary reasons for the recent influx . 
  and there always have been terrible places and always will be and its not our responsibility to rehouse the people from them . 
  the fix would have been and still is to seal our borders .
