they have and they do and they are dignified and sociable people but they still rather live in their own communities . 
  which i suppose you could call multiculturalism working . 
  i quite liked them . 
  the older ones were a tad grotty but you could stick your head out into the mountain mists . 
  they will be have to stop this one day surely . 
  in 2013 , after bangkok i started in ho chi minh , muni , da lat , nha trang , da nang , hue , hanoi and ha long bay . 
  then we flew to hong kong to visit family . 
  i got the standard tourist buses up country . 
  here 's a photo of the buses ... http://imgur.com/wvrdej5 edit . 
  it was 2012 . 
  i 'm terrible with years . 
  nice blog . 
  i think vietnam is awesome too . 
  went 15 years ago and returned a few years ago to a very different country . 
  i did n't know so i youtubed them and saw a regular bloke testing them with some ballistic gel . 
  just that told me what your saying is correct . 
  still an interesting line in the article although it proves nothing . 
  in my mind it 's more likely professionals rather than rivals who shot those rounds . 
  they are all american links . 
  op would be treated like any other aussie here in the uk . 
  loads of ribbing about sports mainly . 
  those concerned about mass immigration are n't racist and generally very welcoming of people like op . 
  and the hydra-shock rounds ... 
  post a picture and let us decide . 
  too right . 
  i really enjoyed that . 
  i would have used a london pub too because i live there . 
  and the price is all relative . 
  we are n't all poor because things cost more . 
  well . 
  the discussion was that different cultures have their good and bad . 
  with all the bad being reported left , right and centre i was enquiring what good the current wave of migrants were bringing . 
  can you name something good that the muslims of the middle east and north africa are bringing ? 
  of course i hope so too . 
  just to be clear i 'm not saying you 're communities are all evil and disgusting . 
  just pointing out a few problems . 
  seriously you still marry whom your parents consent ? 
  that 's why there are so many birth defects in the pakistani communities . 
  your communities are backwards and revolting because of this racism . 
  pakistani lads are happy to shag everything that moves but girlfriend or wives have got to be pakistani . 
  same with indians . 
  my old landlord was indian and he had hundreds of houses according to the agent . 
  our senior politicians are letting it happen . 
  thats sort of alright . 
  coming from london anyway . 
  do you have to pay to get in ? 
  way over half of all british muslims are unemployed and that includes the second and third generations . 
  bringing in 10 's of thousands of syrians who do n't even speak english is just going to make things even worse . 
  `` half of muslim men and three quarters of muslim women are unemployed . '', 
  i hate christmas and nye . 
  my beloved pubs fill up with noisy and screaming arseholes who ca n't take their drink . 
  what sort of prices are we looking at ? 
  really good question . 
  personally speaking i would be lucky to pass the course now myself because i 've largely forgotten it . 
  for example i had to know that in a delta system the line current is 1.732 times greater than the phase current and is calculated using a formula and to be able to use that formula . 
  ( this is just a simple level 2 example . ), 
  thats one of hundreds of examples of things i needed to know to pass the exams but have never used and will never use ever again . 
  no normal electrician needs to remembers all the dates the laws were passed or the formulas . 
  it would and should be easier the second time though . 
  i looked it up . 
  you need to contact an [ agency ] ( http://www.naric.org.uk/naric/ ) who compare qualifications . 
  ** if ** the qualifications compare then you still probably need to take some or all of the qualifications listed below which would n't be easy . 
  they were n't easy for me and i 'm english with a university degree . 
  all 4 of those qualifications is pretty much the whole course too . 
  i 'd guess that most of the countries that are comparable are western countries though . 
  also you have the cost . 
  i saved hard for a year to do my course . 
  where are these guys going to get the money from ? 
  you ca n't just pay for random immigrants to do it for free when there are english people who ca n't do the course because they ca n't afford it . 
  you can see how complicated it all is just for what everyone thinks is just a normal everyday job . 
  - 17th edition of the wiring regulations bs 7671:2008 ( city & guilds 2382-10 level 3 ) - city & guilds level 3 certificate in inspection , testing and certification of electrical installations ( 2391-10 ) - nvq level 3 in electrotechnical services ( 2356 ) - am2 or achievement measurement 2 edit . 
  i 'm obviously comparing this simply with the situation here in the uk . 
  i know it 's not the same exactly but i 'm an electrician . 
  a foreign electrician ca n't come over here and wire a house and certify it legally . 
  on the surface they can do the job but our training and regulations are very different . 
  they need british qualifications to do anything other than simple work . 
  of course . 
  nothing particularly has changed other than the masses have heard that they can have a way better life in europe . 
  gaddafi is n't around to act as a buffer zone in the south and syrians have leeanrt that they wo n't be deported if they reach greece . 
  nobody can blame them for coming ? 
  i would too . 
  assuming they are all syrians . 
  that 's good to read although i will remain cynical i 'm afraid . 
  i 'm saying that your recent migrants wo n't be all that suitable for your apprenticeships . 
  lack of language skills and education will hinder many . 
  if you had millions of low skilled positions you would be better placed . 
  one hundred thousand apprenticeship positions is n't going to help the majority is it ? 
  is n't that a destructive system though ? 
  for one you have created a stampede across europe leaving all really poor and needy still in camps . 
  also you ca n't take 10 's if not 100 's of millions or you 'll ruin your country . 
  you 've got to draw a line somewhere . 
  finally why syrians ? 
  there are a lot worse off people on this planet than those travelling across europe to germany . 
  even then this is going to ruin it all because once they are in they are free to move . 
  must have been prison . 
  there can be no other reason i can imagine . 
  efes fund . 
  will they eventually get a house and free money in turkey ? 
  serious question because that 's what happens here in the uk . 
  you 're right .
