  i can see the same happening . 
  one side will end up pissed off that 's all . 
  plentiful labour . 
  why do you say that ? 
  when i 've visited i would say the culture is different to that in france or italy . 
  not a gulf country but many have fled east into northern iraq . 
  i was in erbil in 2013 and we drove by a camp . 
  i suppose you escape any which way you can . 
  true . 
  also just because we have n't been hit on home soil does n't take away the concern . 
  remember 30 britains died in a single attack in tunisia earlier this year . 
  just because the personal risk is absolutely minute does n't mean one is n't concerned about terrorism and people dying . 
  they were n't far off finishing an explosive device either . 
  people seem to conveniently forget about all the foiled terror attacks and all the convictions for them . 
  within the hour we 've had [ another ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-35198500 ) . 
  although in this particular case they ( terrorists ) were asking on twitter which target would be best so my mates mum could have solved that case . 
  `` it is legal for a male to urinate in public , as long it is on the rear wheel of his motor vehicle and his right hand is on the vehicle '' that and others [ here ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/wales/6204511.stm ) . 
  feelings are so polarised that the natives are protecting the ` rights ' of illegal immigrants living in their neighbourhoods yet on the other hand burning down any possible place that gets earmarked for them . 
  besides . 
  what are britains responsibilities ? 
  to take in anyone who wants to come here ? 
  i read somewhere recently that birmingham will eventually be majority pakistani . 
  reality tv . 
  strictly come dancing . 
  dancing on ice . 
  big brother . 
  celebrity big brother . 
  masterchef . 
  masterchef professionals . 
  the great british bake off . 
  i 'm a celebrity get me out of here . 
  x-factor and britain 's got talent . 
  mind blowingly well shot natural history programmes . 
  and no top gear . 
  ` workers ' ? 
  i 'd be interested to see how many can read let alone work . 
  why no reasons to worry ? 
  do you think , tables turned we would allow that shit in dover ? 
  i like to think we would n't but obviously i do n't know . 
  why are the italians putting up with this shit ? 
  serious question . 
  no entry . 
  there are so many variables . 
  a punch is total chaos theory . 
  angle of knuckles , which knuckle catches ( first two transfer force through arm ) , where precisely they land ( temple or thick skull ) . 
  whether he was breathing in , how his body was moving that moment . 
  his stance . 
  etc etc. 
  why would the french like to turn a blind eye ? 
  there 's sadly a lot of truth in that statement although slightly exaggerated . 
  if there is one city to use as an example of its failure its london . 
  people live in zones all together . 
  indians have areas , bangladeshi etc. 
  i can take you to many areas of london where you will hardly see a white face . 
  thats multiculturalism for you . 
  hang on . 
  so there are only 2432 reddit users in the uk ? 
  this just backs up what they always said . 
  good point . 
  they may have missed you and i for starters . 
  we demand a recount . 
  one mans trash is another mans art . 
  the report talks about the immigrants committing crimes such as theft , robbery , fraud as well as sex crimes . 
  how can that not have increased the crime rate ? 
  yeah . 
  it 's so contentious . 
  i 'm pro banning for all the reasons you 've heard before but i 'm not stupid enough to blind myself to the other side . 
  everything you 've said makes perfect sense . 
  before universal healthcare i believe british in spain had special insurance cover for emergencies or to cover cases they could n't fly home . 
  it was never a problem anyway and wo n't be in the future . 
  i doubt the spanish would want to loose them just like the brits wo n't want to loose huge sections of their immigrant society . 
  why are you happy to migrate but not accept immigration ? 
  are pensioner benefits different from state pensions ? 
  because state pensions are listed separately . 
  just saying those statistics are wrong is n't exactly a convincing argument . 
  state pensions are mentioned separately . 
  why do we spend so much on welfare ? 
  would n't we be better off spending more on health and education and cutting the welfare budget ? 
  edit . 
  i live in an area of london where there are somalian people on welfare living in houses i ca n't possibly afford to live in . 
  wtf is that about ? 
  thats correct and the crux of the problem . 
  if the majority of people wanted to rejoin ireland it would have happened decades ago . 
  great answer and one thats difficult to answer but i 'm sticking with criminalisation . 
  why tolerate something that is clearly wrong ? 
  they are always in favour of the man . 
  you punish everyone involved . 
  hefty fines and imprisonment . 
  your comment works both ways quite strongly . 
  is it true that a great many greeks do n't pay taxes too ? 
  if you read what i actually said , i was giving a point of view which many people think . 
  i do n't agree with it myself . 
  just to make myself clear . 
  hang on . 
  homeless people on the streets of london has steadily increased over the past 30 years . 
  labour was government for at least half of that and nothing changed . 
  in fact housing went more mental under them than ever before . 
  a mate of mine left uk to live in budapest 10 years ago . 
  he swapped his tiny flat for a big old pad in the city , a country cottage and a great looking mrs. 
  it 's easier to whine about sending out cash abroad when you can look outside and the streets seem ever more full of homeless people and you ca n't get a doctors appointment in under two weeks .
