i am sure that poland and the others would be thrilled to death to hear that they have to be offered up on a silver platter to placate putin . 
  they sure as hell were n't consulted regarding germany 's promise to russia about nato . 
  negotiating with a nation state that has a long history of meddling in eastern europe and a man who sees the soviet union as a terrible loss would not be wise . 
  the smartest thing would be to isolate him by slamming the door shut on any expansionist dreams . 
  he can not take an armed eastern europe and he wo n't be able to afford to starve his country of european investment . 
  with a guarantee of western europe willing to aid the east , it could shut him down . 
  russia is the physically largest country in the world . 
  since ivan the terrible it 's strategy has been to keep others away by gobbling up vast tracts of land . 
  the effect has kept away hitler and napoleon , but it also speaks volumes about its paranoia . 
  stable countries with a history of stable rulers do n't need to keep oceans of acres around them to protect their core because the core itself is strong enough to protect the entire realm . 
  russia and especially putin have to come to grips with the bottom line : ** eastern europe does not belong to you . 
  ** i do n't see slovakia , the czech republic , poland , slovenia , and so on jumping up and dancing like snoopy from peanuts at the prospect of becoming russian property ever again . 
  moscow pretty much enslaved these nations for 50 years and putin is a revanchist who needs to sabre rattle to justify his continued grip on russia : how else do you get russians to ignore he has ruled like a czar for 25 years ? 
  eastern europe needs the guarantee of the rest of europe 's support or else it could threaten an already delicate situation in brussels . 
  a bigger question is poland 's right to join nato and also the right of the others to join , because that was not discussed after german reunification with any of them ; it was a deal where not all parties were present . 
  to russia , their joining nato is a clear rejection of the influence of moscow in the long term . 
  for putin , that is a bad thing . 
  he has set himself up as some sort of strongman . 
  he likes power above all else . 
  me , i think that europe has to double down somehow by arming eastern europe and calling for removal from ukraine entirely or partition will follow . 
  sanctions will hurt the people more than putin and only should be a short term fix . 
  drawing a line in the sand and then seeing if vlad is stupid enough to cross it is a better strategy : we clobber him only if he tries something further . 
  castro no planeaba bien por su pais , especialmente su futuro . 
  i agree with you about saudi , but please look forward to the next 25 years : saudi arabia and many states in mena have one asset . 
  one . 
  that is it . 
  iran only cares about the straight of hormuz because something like 85 % of its economy is based on crude and other petrol states plus or minus a few banking states face the gulf and the straight . 
  just one problem . 
  people are not going to need the petrol in the future and even if they did the wells will be dry by century 's end . 
  renewables become more and more profitable every year and it is a fair prediction they will replace combustion engines . 
  this is bad news for the whole region , and the fallout is going to hit like a ton of bricks . 
  the house of al saud wo n't last very long with no way to pacify the people since they have made the public dependent on oil money handouts . 
  iran wo n't be able to fund even the most basic civic projects and the decades of hidden pollution are chickens that will come home to roost . 
  states like bahrain and dubai are not going to fare well when their are fewer sheikhs who can stash petrodollars into bankers ' pockets and with less opportunity to profit foreign countries will pull out . 
  ( you should note that german companies support states like iran that are just as bad under the table and in fact germany never cut off diplomatic relations with iran because of that reason . 
  on top of that it has its own little chamber of commerce in tehran . 
  this is a regime that is nothing like the persia of old and it pretty much takes any rights for women and gays and wipes its rear end with them . ), 
  the education of many in this region leaves much to be desired since many are quasi-theocratic in outlook and deny basic tenets of science . 
  there are a lot of folks living in the boondocks with almost no education but have lots of kids and have lived off subsistence farming for generations . 
  add to the monetary crisis the fact that the region is running out of water . 
  the states of mena have been very improvident regarding the aquifers and are not building desalination fast enough nor divesting from the very crops that guzzle water and got the region in trouble in the first place after wwii . 
  meanwhile , right now , turkey , saudi arabia , and iran are playing bumper cars for power and supremacy in the region as we speak through multiple proxy wars . 
  to make a long story short , america dropping saudi suddenly and too quickly might not be a good idea right now as it could add more fuel to the fire with the three way fistfight . 
  in the long run however there is going to be hell on earth coming out of the middle east when the bottom drops out and a wiser position for ** both europe and the usa ** is to batten down the hatches and slowly isolate themselves from the whole mess . 
  ps-did the castro regime crumble ? - no , but havana is crumbling to dust because fidel castro and his whole family wo n't let people have private businesses , like contractors , architects , carpenters , and so on exist . 
  raul castro is not going to live forever and when he dies there will be a vacuum since that generation will die with him . 
  most reports about the younger castros show a cavalcade of dilettantes . 
  none of them have any interest in government . 
  as for the un , i can only say that many less than scrupulous corporations want to cut deals with the devil and make money in cuba and take advantage of the fact that fidelito wo n't allow private business . . but said little about foreign investment . 
  and it will be even worse for cubans as the world gets more heavily invested in renewables . 
  cuba up until recently was heavily dependent on venezuela for petrol . 
  the last time a new car was sold in cuba was probably when my father had braces on his teeth . 
  they are uncommon and they guzzle gas . 
  neither economy will do well with a large underclass completely uneducated in the use of new power sources . 
  i got those from german sources , other european sources , and the internet . 
  read my other post . 
  and i do n't read fox , breitbart , or any of those publications . 
  refute anything i have written with facts . 
  surely if my `` moronic '' statements are false , they can be refuted with true ones . 
  you are looking for a way to discredit my sources . 
  that would not be necessary if what i wrote can be disproven . 
  very well , a few facts : muslims make up 9 % of berlin 's population , but make up [ 70 % of young repeat criminals ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/spiegel/print/d-51448987.html . ), 
  [ 46 % of berlin 's juvenile serial criminals are of arab descent , while 33 % of them have turkish ancestry ] ( http://www.bz-berlin.de/archiv/jugendkriminalitaet-article961342.html . ), 
  43 % of gays in berlin have experienced hate crimes perpetrated by muslims in particular , while two thirds of turkish high school students in berlin display [ homophobia ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/0,1518,562638,00.html . ), 
  a target for young muslim men seem to be [ native girls . ], 
  ( http://www.zdf.de/zdfmediathek/beitrag/video/1507644/mit-liebe-in-die-falle - gelockt # / beitrag/video/1507644 / mit-liebe-in-die-falle-gelockt ) the conservative estimate for those held as slaves in amsterdam is 6,000 . 
  britain already had the rotherham scandal and has thrown anjem choudary in jail : this was a [ charming man ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/9875954/muslim-preacher-urges-followers-to-claim-jihad-seekers-allowance.html ) who claimed it was the right of muslims to demand jizya out of the kaffir in the form of dole payments . 
  germany is not immune . 
  muslim feminist seyran ate\u00fe explains that young muslim men use the word hure as an abusive term for german girls as a matter of course . 
  another favorite is deutsche schlampe . 
  ( german bitch . ), 
  [ der spiegel ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/0,1518,654921,00.html ) has reported that a staggering 50 % of berlin 's turks live on the dole ... but if you consider that most turkish women do not work since their culture and religion demands they be housewives , that figure rises to 70 % !!, 
  63 % of immigrant preschool children in berlin 's kreuzberg district speak little or no german . 
  this is after up to four generations of living there and my citation is time magazine . 
  thus far it is the only non european publication i have used . 
  similar empirical observatons can be made in france where walking through a banlieue shows hordes of north africans speaking broken french and the same demanding women leave cafes in spite of french law saying they have a right to be there . 
  germany 's population is largely graying and the total is about 83 million . 
  according to census figures , of those , five million are muslims . 
  about 4 million are turks , 500,000 are arabs , 300,000 albanians , and the rest of mixed identity . 
  this does not count the hordes that are living illegally in germany and living off the black market or duck their scheduled deportation . 
  similar figures are likely in france and the uk ; in the former [ jews are leaving paris ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/jews-are-leaving-france-in-record-numbers-amid-rising-anti-semitism-and-fears-of-more-isis-inspired-a6832391.html ) for israel or the united states and in the latter there are marches of men who demand sharia law and act like [ brownshirts ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rq4el7gypas ) . 
  the most disgusting story of them all is the rape of a little boy in a public pool in austria and how he said he was entitled to do it because it was a `` sexual emergency . '', 
  his sense of entitlement would be the most shocking of all if it were n't true that in afghanistan bacha bazi and prostitution of boys is common . 
  similar stories have leaked all over europe , and cops unwilling or unable to confront the perpetrators because of gross incompetency or the blind insulation of the political elite from reality who stupidly did not demand integration into an overarching culture as a condition of continued residency . 
  they refuse to punish the guilty and apply the law equally . 
  there is often connection in brussels to the rich and moneyed elite who do not want to lose their ties to businesses in iran , lebanon , pakistan , and so on and prioritize profit over human rights . 
  neither of these have to live in neighborhoods or near refugee centers where , rather than be grateful to be alive , the new neighbors throw stones at ordinary germans , steal from them in pickpocketing schemes , and treat the girls and women like shit . 
  a school in bavaria actually asked students not to wear miniskirts `` out of respect , '' but the real reason is more likely `` out of fear of provoking '' the new refugees . 
  ( http://www.i24news.tv/en/news/international/europe/76383-150627-fearing-syrian-refugees-german-school-bans-miniskirts ) and in spite of everything , the europeans pay for them to live . 
  they wo n't get up off their butts to work for love or money . 
  the grasshopper learned too late that those who think the world owes them a living wind up in trouble for their improvidence . 
  when the ants of europe rebel against the idiots who are so isolated from the trouble it will be ugly . 
  they are n't going to support people whose only intention is to live off of them like parasites . 
  then refute anything i have said with facts . 
  present me with facts if it is baloney . 
  not casting aspersion on my nationality . 
  i see . 
  so when americans get stereotyped as knowing nothing about the modern world , we are idiots , but when we take an interest in what is beyond our borders and attempt to speak intelligently , we are put down ? 
  ca n't have it both ways . 
  and you never answered to the charge of the grasshopper and the ant .
