  does the following question seem familiar ? 
   why does everyone always look at these things from an economic perspective ? 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  our fertility rate is just below 2.0 . 
  the immigrants will not be unemployed forever . 
  you clearly have a point you want to make , but it 's equally clearly based in ignorance . 
  it 's like a poorer english online version of aftonbladet . 
  that is prone to sensationalism and crappy journalism . 
  unfortunately , since it 's in english , it 's the go-to source for news about sweden for foreigners . 
  maybe we can convince them that it 's really switzerland they 're thinking of ? 
  let them take the burden of unsolicited worship and subsequent scorn . 
  you still pay a fee when you go to the doctor though . 
  it could also be that the tax does n't cover all the expenses , so there 's a need for both . 
  that way , the person using the service is n't forced to pay the full price , nor is the population forced to pay for all the expenses . 
  maybe ? 
  fees such as ? 
  i can think of a fee for getting a passport . 
  is that the kind of fee you 're talking about ? 
  we do n't seem to be that far from the uk in vat either , except of course for the things they have no vat for at all . 
  and it 's almost guaranteed that finland does the same , just not as openly . 
  do you know what vkoel is doing ? 
  monitoring communications is the rule , not the exception , and no , that might not make it morally ~ ~ wrong ~ ~ right , but it does make it naive to expect anything else . 
  your butthurt is showing , pekka . 
  please calm down and act civilized . 
  oh , and the peace prize is awarded by norway , and norway alone . 
  oh come on !, 
  that 's not even slightly correct or based on facts . 
  even redditors usually do a better job . 
   in the light of the last revelations what revelation ? 
  everything you mention are just baseless assertion from assange or people near him . 
  there 's no `` revelation '' here unless you consider assange to be a source of spiritual enlightenment . 
   assange fled from overblown charges the charges are public and plain for anyone to read about . 
  there 's nothing overblown about them . 
  the circumstances are also known . 
  anyway , these are the actual accusations : * unlawful coercion * sexual assault x 2 * rape ( sex without consent due to altered state of consciousness ) these are the best translations i 've seen btw , but not 100 % correct . 
   charges that he claim come from sleepers agents i have n't personally seen this claim , but i know one of the women was accused by some ( ca n't recall hearing it from assange ) to be a cia operative because she worked with the organization women in white in cuba , which is/was partially funded by the cia . 
  that link is weak to say the least . 
   how long are we going to let him rot in that embassy ? 
  probably until the charges are dropped or he gives in and faces the music so to say . 
  pretty much everything 's better than the current situation though . 
  seems unlikely . 
  he was in his apartment when he was shot , but he was out earlier in the day threatening the same kids who are now rioting with a knife . 
   besides , it has been established that assange did not steal the information that wikileaks circulated , exposing washington , published by media around the world - like the united states nyt ; el pais of spain - which have echoed it and were never ever sued or tried for it . 
  and that 's relevant how ? 
  what a fucking joke this all is ... 
  it 's a reasonable request because america . 
  were you on an extended break from reddit ? 
  i do n't know when that word entered the finnish dictionary , but it might very well have been at a time when the sea was both to the east and the west of the country , making either correct . 
  if you call it the gulf of finland in your own language , you ca n't really complain , now can you ? 
  it should be gulf of suomi then , since `` finland '' is n't very finnish . 
  how about norway gives itself back to the our king first ? 
  there was a revolt , but we can all learn from our mistakes . 
  how about no ? 
  how about you hand over bornholm , which is geographically obviously not danish , and does n't even speak danish , but some inbred form of scanian . 
  many lives were spilled in the name of dominium maris baltici . 
  not sure if we 'd want that again . 
  so i was wrong about the length of time in one case . 
  big deal . 
  is n't that how it usually goes ? 
  i 'm fairly sure several armies have reached moscow , but no one can keep it for more than a day or so . 
  ah , the majestic `` broken link '' banner . 
  ( inline expansion ), 
  well , yes , it would be quite the coincidence if another country conquered moscow the same year . 
   i was two somali people though . . wow , what happened ? 
  did you have surgery ? 
  what 's the problem with one thing costing .5 $ in one part of the zone , and 5 $ in another ? 
  if the first part used another currency at the exchange rate 1 $ = 10 $ , then the prices would be 5 $ and 5 $ , but the cost would be the same , would n't it ? 
  this seems like a separate issue to merchants abusing the switch to get a one-time increase in price . 
  yes , it 's all germany 's fault . 
  if germany had n't exported so much , the other countries would n't be forced to buy so much . 
  if germany had n't wanted to increase the value of the euro to limit their exports , the other countries would n't have to use such a high value currency . 
  if germany was n't keeping the faith in the euro on a relatively high level , the other countries would n't be forced to take loans they ca n't possibly pay back on the back of that faith . 
  if germany did n't germany , the other germany would n't have to germany . 
  germany germany germany , germany would n't germany . 
  germany germany ww2 germany germany . 
  do they have the know-how or means of productio ? 
  several markets are getting saturated , and breaking into a field which already suffers from overproduction might be hard . 
  i agree that it 's better to help create jobs , but it might not be all that easy in a country geared towards tourism with only agriculture and perhaps shipping to fall back on . 
  it certainly seems a lot more patriotic . 
  is n't it the greeks job to enforce their own laws ? 
  how is it anyone else 's problem to sort out ? 
  seriously , just leave . 
  you do n't want to be here , and we 're getting sick and tired of the constant whining . 
  take your `` special '' island and sail off . 
  we 'll find a way to live without your rebated fees and exceptionalism . 
  you may leave scotland if you want . 
  it 's easy for the fool to be brave , for he knows not his own limitations . 
  - madeup quote, 
  so the greeks would be glorified window cleaners on massive solar farms ? 
   regardless of whether it 's fair on the people of the ez to reduce greece 's debts , nobody wants greek nazis . 
  i do n't know , it might be quite fun . 
  like when italy failed to invade france after it had already been conquered by germany . 
  it was not for their lack of organisation and industriousness nazis were feared . 
  generally speaking , is the danish thelocal as bad as the swedish ? 
  i 'm a bit confused , i must admit . 
  i think that 's what i meant too . 
  the bolivian president traveled from russia to bolivia but was forced to land in austria after being denied access to french airspace ( among others ' ) . 
  france was not the host country , and it 's unsure when they would 've given the plane diplomatic status even if they were . 
  two problems with that . 
  the first is the one i described in the post you replied to .
