  i 've heard of both , but i 'm not the one suggesting he actually will be black bagged , you are . 
  i 'm just wondering when . 
   then sweden wanted him in indefinite pretrial imprisonment . 
  at this point he left for the ecuadorian embassy . 
  that 's a bit dishonest , would n't you say ? 
  the prosecutor did n't change her mind about wanting him in custody . 
  that had been the plan the whole time . 
  what happened just before ( a few days ) he left for the embassy , was that he lost his final appeal . 
  he no longer had any legal way to avoid an extradition , so he chose an illegal one . 
  it 's all very mundane really . 
  the crime he 's accused of ( `` less severe rape '' ) carries a maximum punishment of four years in prison . 
  but i do n't think that is what matters . 
   if i was raped , i 'd know when i woke up , and i certainly would n't wax on online about my `` wonderful '' time rife with violations . 
  you seem to have confused the women ( and time frame ) . 
  the supposed rape victim was n't the one who tweeted . 
  close to six years , and yet he has n't been black bagged ... how much longer do we have to wait for it ? 
  he 's right there !, 
  the embassy is just an ordinary office building , and before that he lived on a remote estate in the country side . 
  what are they waiting for ? 
   except he did submit himself - but the old prosecutor dropped the case she only dropped one out of four cases , and it only remained dropped for eleven days while being appealed . 
  at no point was he free on all suspicion . 
   and explicitly told him he can leave sweden . 
  she told his lawyer that they did n't need him to stick around in sweden . 
  that does not mean that he could leave and then refuse to cooperate , and no , he has not been cooperating . 
   also , if he was n't charged , how come they already sent an arrest warrant after him ? 
  guilt until proven innocent much ? 
  because he 's under investigation . 
  do you really think leaving the jurisdiction during the investigation , before being charged , means you 're scot-free ? 
  in the eyes of the court he 's innocent , but we 're not there yet . 
   have you followed the case from the beginning ? 
  because i have and back then nobody was even questioning the motives of sweden and us . 
  i ca n't speak for him , but i 've been following it since before the current prosecutor took over , and what you 're saying is a blatant lie . 
  there were a few hard-core apologists , sure , but they were not that many . 
  they still are n't , but since they 've been working unopposed for five and a half years , there are now people who think that `` it 's all about a condom '' , and `` he 's not even charged '' are valid complaints . 
   shows how easily our society is manipulated . 
  not at all like people who get all their information from justice4assange , and who have been shown to be severely misinformed a number of times in this thread alone . 
  why do n't you look yourself in the mirror and consider why you believe what you believe ? 
  is it hard facts , or is it because it fits in with your world view ? 
  because you want it to be a grand conspiracy ? 
   yikes , that 's kind of scary . 
  is that common in sweden 's judicial system for charges to be dropped then brought back up again ? 
  apparently it 's not common but not unheard of . 
  i assume you never hear about it in most cases since it 's part of the prosecutors job . 
  i do n't see how it 's `` scary '' for the victims to be able to appeal decisions to drop `` charges '' though . 
   is there no laws against perjury either ? 
  there is , but the case has n't gone to court yet , so it would n't have mattered yet . 
  if it was n't obvious by now , millz does n't really know what he/she is talking about . 
   if i was julian assange i would be afraid to ever have sex again . 
  as long as they 're willing and awake , he should n't have any more problems . 
  hopefully . 
   the reason for the misquotation is that until 2012 you had to be sterilized to undergo a sex change operation well , to legally change sex , was n't it ? 
  still bad , and it was good that it was changed . 
   directly linked to cia that is what you said . 
  that 's hardly what i would write to describe an extremely weak second degree ( i.e. 
  indirect ) connection . 
  it also does n't leave much room for uncertainty . 
   you instantly believe wild accusations of two women directly linked to cia , the accusations are far from `` wild '' . 
  in fact , they 're quite believable in the light of assange 's previous behaviour . 
  then again , why would you care about the truth ? 
  not only do you actually believe the absolutely ridiculous link between one of the women and the cia ( i.e. 
  working for an organisation that was at one point partially funded by the cia ) , you even managed to extend it to apply to the other women too , despite there being no such link whatsoever . 
  that 's hardly the hallmark of a critical thinker . 
   who specially went through channels allowing them to not face persecution in case of lying , but you do n't believe the biggest whisteblowing site in the world , which has never so far been proven to lie . 
  they did n't `` go through channels '' . 
  they reported what had happened , and the rest is normal procedure . 
  you might wan na look up `` absolute duty to prosecute '' . 
  it 's not some shady loophole . 
   sweden has already broken this rule again , no , the extradition laws protecting assange were not broken , because the two egyptians were not extradited . 
   uk public is generally in favour of assange the population of the uk mostly does n't give a shit either way . 
  this is true in sweden too of course , but hardly to a greater extent . 
   no , it implies usa can strongarm it 's ` partners ' to fit it 's goals . 
  well , or trick them , like with the little incident known as the iraqi war . 
  what cables ? 
  he just linked to justice4assange and this ridiculous page of excuses , and to a wiki page that 's barely relevant . 
  he is still running wikileaks , and i do n't think he would very much appreciate that you 're belitteling his involvement . 
  in fact , he ruled it wich such an iron fist that many others others involved got sick of it . 
  we can be fairly sure that he is in direct control of the twitter account too , so it 's not like he is n't the public face too . 
  the molestation charge has been dropped . 
  assange has effectively managed to wait the statute of limitation out already . 
  the sexual assault charges were dropped for the same reason . 
  the rape charge is the only one remaining , and there 's most certainly prison time on the scale of possible punishments . 
   except uk wo n't extradite him , when he can and will face death penalty . 
  that 's part of eu regulations . 
  it applies to all countries in the eu . 
  futher more , you ca n't be extradited from sweden for any crime of a political nature . 
   afair sweden has some secret extradition deals with usa , which where already used few times before . 
  it 's also much easier to strongarm . 
  no such deals have been shown to exist . 
   '' sweden has in the recent past violated international treaties in relation to surrendering foreign nationals into us custody to be interrogated and tortured ( case of extraordinary rendition , agiza v. sweden at the european court of human rights ) . 
  agiza is one of the two egyptians mentioned later on . 
  that case is always brought up when discussing assange , but it has nothing to do with his situation whatsoever . 
  they were n't extradited , so none of those laws applied . 
  they also were not sent to a third state , but to their home country . 
  btw , neither of them had been granted asylum . 
  one has now , i believe , but presumably not zery since he used a false passport when applying . 
  never mind that similar planes , just making a pit-stop , have been grounded and searched since that regrettable incident . 
  smart . 
  everything in moderation . 
  until next time : god forts\u00e4ttning . 
  why ?
