  the second one is that france was n't the host country , russia was . 
  the plane never even entered france . 
  lucky you . 
  with all the weapons flowing in from balkan , there 's hardly an unarmed criminal to be found around here . 
  what diplomatic immunity ? 
  and since diplomatic immunity is something that 's offered by the host nation , does n't such an action automatically mean it 's implicitly withdrawn ? 
  the us is n't looking for him . 
  at least not officially . 
  besides his bondsmen , not really . 
  he 's also not charged with betrayal/treason . 
   hence the main problem was not the sex , or even the `` sex by surprise '' which i think is the legal term , but the lack of condom . 
  it might 've been the original concern for the women , but the law is not limited to the perception of the victims , and for good reasons . 
  and of course , `` sex by surprise '' is bloody obviously not a legal term . 
  if anything it 's a meme . 
  it was brought into this mess by a mark stephens , assange 's lawyer at the time , to belittle the accusations made against his client . 
   he then waited some days in sweden to talk to the police and they said he was free to leave . 
  then some months later the gothenburg prosecutors pick it up again and get interpol involved , resulting in the extradition trial in the uk . 
  that 's not exactly the complete story though . 
  the two women went to the position police on the 20th of august , three days after the alleged rape took place . 
  the next day , the investigation into rape is dropped , but the investigation into molestation continues . 
  the decision is almost immediately appealed by the two women 's legal counsel , and eleven days later , on the 1st of september , the investigation is reinstated . 
  it is now transferred to a prosecutor specialising in sex crimes . 
  on the 15th of september , assange 's lawyer asks the prosecutor if there 's any legal hindrance for assange to leave the country , and is informed that there is none . 
  six days later , on the 21st of september , the prosecutor contacts assange 's lawyer to request a second interview . 
  on the 27th of september , more than a month after the investigation was opened , assange leaves sweden . 
  the lawyer claims to have been unable to reach assange in the period between the 21st and the 27th , but he then also lied about being connected by the prosecutor . 
  on the same day assange left the country , a warrant for his arrest was issued . 
  since he had left the country , it was forwarded to interpol . 
  as you can see , you got the order of events and lengths of time slightly wrong . 
   the fact remains he should have been interviewed in the uk , then charged as needed . 
  that that did not happen makes the whole thing look weird as hell . 
  there are several problems with that , not least legally , and in the end he would still have had to be extradited to stand trial , so it would 've made little to no difference . 
  i disagree about it looking bad , but i also know a lot of people have worked really hard to make it seem weird , so i understand why it would appear as such . 
   assange is a idiot ( and many of the wikileaks people think so as well ) , but i think he has a well founded fear that something else is going on , and that thing could involve him in us prison . 
  it 's not impossible , but there 's literally no reliable evidence for any such conspiracy . 
   you need to compare beyond motive . 
  it 's a bloody country . 
  that does n't change the subject . 
   by giving assange and snowden asylum , they perform an action that could be the start of several actions in the same venue to come that does n't answer the question . 
  what difference would it make ? 
  they both already have asylum . 
   define `` childish '' . 
  because it seems extremely subjective to me . 
  to me calling someone or something childish in derisive manner is actually childish . 
  1 . of , like , or appropriate to a child . 
  silly and immature . 
  to me , typing the equivalence of '' he who smelt it dealt it '' is childish . 
  using the dictionary definition is not . 
   learn to read then . 
  there 's nothing wrong with my reading comprehension . 
  you argument can be changed to be about anything , making it arguing the irrelevance of itself . 
  it really does n't mean anything . 
  it 's just words . 
   yeah , iran was not attacked because they pissed off the us . 
  iran was n't attacked , period . 
  the others were , but not because they pissed the us off . 
   that 's semantics . 
  they attacked the us and in effect pissed them off , causing them to invade . 
  in other words , it 's dangerous to piss off the us . 
  it does n't matter how you do it . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  are you really accusing me of arguing semantics when you 're tying yourself into knot trying to make an act of war fit into the same category as giving asylum ? 
  who 's playing the semantics game here ? 
  it sure as hell is n't me . 
   yes , according to the one trying to describe any world view that does n't agree with his as `` childish '' and `` that of a teenager '' . 
  i have n't described any worldview as childish . 
  i 've described actions coupled with motives as childish . 
  and the persepcitve was that of an * angsty * teenager , not just any teenager . 
   i think i am done here . 
  we 'll obviously go nowhere when you are so thickheaded and incapable of simple reason . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  such mental gymnastics must be exhausting . 
  i 'm happy you found the strength to throw in an final projection . 
  it speaks volumes . 
  when you start , you 're in the uk . 
  that 's one country . 
  when you arrive , you 're in france . 
  that 's two countries . 
  in this case the uk is the problem . 
  too hot . 
  well , since that 's where the titular assange is , and since its the only place where diplomatic vehicles would be relevant , i guess . 
   no , they 're not . 
  russia and ecuador are have been antagonistic towards the us for a long time and france is an ally of the us . 
  and now france is too . 
  that said , the context should 've been clear enough for you to tell that i was specifically talking about ecuador and russia . 
   they are completely different beasts and lumping them together like that is meaningless and thus pointless . 
  only if you insist on comparing them beyond motive , which i never did . 
   i seriously have to explain the meaning of the word `` start '' to you ? 
  no , only how that would be one , which is what i asked . 
   it 's childish when you know there is no consequences . 
  when there is consequences it is not childish , it is a gamble . 
  it 's childish if it 's childish . 
  the risks make absolutely no difference . 
   you can literally debase any act into being `` childish '' with some ludicrous narrative , but that does n't make it so . 
  this sentence does n't mean anything . 
   you 're ignoring the realities of the situation just so you can paint it as `` childish '' . 
  no , i 'm seeing this hypothetical situation for what it is . 
  denying a country something to get back at it is childish . 
  it does n't matter who does it , or how much risk is invooved . 
  it 's only the motive that matters .
