  if anyone is ignoring anything it 's you , ignoring what 's plain to see becuase of an obvious bias against the us . 
   i brought up the list to show just how dangerous it is to piss off the us . 
  i already addressed that . 
  they were not attacked because they pissed the us off . 
   and let 's not forget that the invasion of afghanistan was because the taliban did in fact piss off the us . 
  no no no , they were invaded because they ** attacked ** the us . 
  they 'd been yelling death to america for some time and were not invaded . 
  simply pissing them of by being annoying brats is not enough . 
   no , it shows perspective , one that you apparently do n't agree with . 
  no it does n't . 
  stop kidding yourself . 
  it shows the depthness of perspective of an angsty middle class teenager . 
   you 're obviously trying to make a correlation between them , their motivations are obviously far from the same . 
  i listed three countries who had one thing in common . 
  you 'd have to try really hard to get that to mean that they 're `` the same country '' . 
  and yes , their motives are quite obviously the same . 
  neither are known for they love of openness and human rights , but both are known for hating the us . 
   i 'm not saying it is sufficient , but it is certainly a start . 
  how ? 
  how is it a start ? 
   snowden is symbol now , it 's not about whether or not he is useful . 
  if france gives him asylum they are actually saying they give other asylum seekers in the same conditions asylum as well , which is a very good thing . 
  it would be a good thing , but they 're not going to do it , and the only reason this one politician brought it up now seems to be to `` get back '' at the us . 
   i just explained to you why it is n't , but i suppose it has n't quite made its way in . 
  no you did n't , which is why i 'm stating it again . 
  doing things simply to piss someone of , or to get back , is childish . 
  it 's what children do , becuase it 's childish . 
  it has no place in any functioning legal system because it unworthy , because it 's childish . 
  i really do n't get how this is so hard to understand . 
  it does n't matter if you think it 's justified . 
  every child in every sandbox who felt wronged has felt justified in his or her rage-induced revenge plot . 
  they never are . 
   the us government is the one i was referring to , obviously . 
  and it is far from harmless to piss off the us . 
  see vietnam , afghanistan , iraq , iran etc. 
  just because you can do it then it does not mean it is without danger . 
  i gave you several examples , of which only france has any kind of bite . 
  your list is lacking though . 
  none of the were invaded because they pissed the us of in a manner comparable to what were talking about . 
  iraq is a possible exception , but that 's balanced out by iran which is basically untouched . 
  to call the us government `` tyrannical '' is a joke and reveals a serious lack of perspective . 
   how is that spiteful ? 
  it 's not , but that 's not the scenario we 're discussing . 
  in reality it was never going to happen . 
  i think your first description was better and more factual than your analogy . 
  hmm , well , i guess theu do . 
  we do n't use definite article with country names so i 'm not quite sure where it would be used . 
  we also only have two grammatical genders , common and neuter , where common is a merger of male and female . 
  apparently just about all country names are neuter though . 
  well i think i covered that , no ? 
  russia would not disagree , and the vehicle would not have diplomatic status in any of the countries in between russia and france . 
   oh , yes , france , ecuador and russia . 
  the same countries . 
  i do n't think i claimed anything of the sort . 
  russia and ecuador are very much comparable in their hatred of the us though . 
  the question is if france is too . 
   it is not done to piss off the us . 
  yes , it might be a response to their spying , but the reasoning is clearly that what the us is doing can not go on . 
  it has to stop . 
  and to help that along then assange and snowden are both key players . 
  giving them asylum will not achieve that . 
  it will only serve as a cheap comeback . 
  this is especially obvious in the case of snowden , who , far from being a key player , has nothing more to give . 
  the only thing giving him asylum would achieve , would be to prevent the us from prosecuting him . 
  if you are right and this is some kind of measured attempt at stemming american spying , then i can only conclude that the france would 've ( remember , this is all hypothetical ) been quite misguided . 
   and as an addendum , there 's nothing childish about giving people asylum to piss off the us anyway . 
  yes !, 
  yes , there is !, 
  if that 's you motive then it 's nothing * but * childish . 
   at the end of the day you might be able to pass it off as such , but it is obvious that not only is it extremely dangerous to piss off a superpower , then there is nothing childish about stopping a tyrannical government from getting what they want . 
  i might be able to pass this it of as such because that 's what it is . 
  i have no idea what tyrannical government you 're talking about , but it 's fairly harmless to piss of the us , as long as its minor things like this . 
  ecuador is doing it , so is france . 
  we 've done it before . 
  cuba has been doing it for decades . 
   assange was n't wanted by anyone when he left sweden : actually , he was . 
  there was an interview scheduled for the day after he left . 
  it 's unclear whether assange knew about it since his own lawyer claims to have been unable to reach him about it for a week leading up to his departure . 
  at the very least , that 's suspicious . 
   he was questioned by swedish police , then let go , the warrant came after he left . 
  yes , he had had his initial interview . 
  there are usually a minimum of two interviews , but often more . 
  in between , if you 're not deemed a flight risk , or liable to temper with evidence , you are free to go where you want . 
  the warrant for his arrest was a reaction to him refusing to return , so yes , it would come afterwards . 
   if the swedes thought they had a case against him they would 've kept him because he would 've been a definite flight risk . 
  however , you ca n't flee if people are n't prosecuting you . 
  if the prosecutor did n't think she had a case , she would 've dropped it . 
  as it was , she did n't , and assange left in the middle of an on going investigation . 
  as long as assange cooperated , it would n't have mattered if he spent his time in between in sweden , the uk , or north korea , just as long as he returned when asked to . 
   also , by now the swedes did offer to question him in london , and he and his lawyers agreed , dunno what came out of any of that yet , though . 
  still , it 's quite a couple of years late . 
  yes , as a compromise since 3/4 of the accusations meet their statute of limitations this fall , not because it would necessarily progress the investigation . 
  the prosecutor does n't believe it would , and based on what we know , neither do i. 
  it 's been postponed btw . 
  you should n't get too hung up on a word . 
  especially when it is one biased persons interpretation of a translation of a legal term . 
  the prosecutor is interested in prosecuting . 
  at this stage , it 's hard to see how going there would be beneficial to the case . 
  the exception might be the lesser accusations ( the parts of the case which were never dropped ) which will reach their statute of limitation this fall , and then it 's basically just as a last resort . 
  yes , the situation is irregular , but that is hardly the prosecutions fault .
