  the prosecutor did n't force assange to leave sweden under suspicious circumstances , nor did she force him not to return when asked . 
  she did n't force him to appeal the extradition at every level of the british and swedish legal systems , and she certainly did n't make him jump bail and seek refuge in the ecuadorian embassy for three years . 
  edit : oh , and she did n't make him make requests he must 've known could n't be granted , such as immunity to hypothetical extradition requests . 
  try googling : russian violations of airspace, 
  it 's always hard ( for me at least ) to find the right legal term to describe something happening in another legal system . 
  there 's an active ( sorta ) investigation , but there has not been any written request sent to the court yet . 
  but yes , the bail was for the extradition request . 
  there 's no such thing as bail in sweden . 
  either you 're a flight risk/liable to temper with evidence , or you 're not . 
  it is a thing in the uk though , and failing to appear can put you way for a while . 
  wow , thanks for the explanation . 
  it just seems so wrong to me . 
  they did n't request him extradited during the two and a half years before he took refuge in the ecuadorian embassy though . 
   since it was at first closed but then suddenly reopened so , there were several accusations involving two women . 
  each would be one line of investigation . 
  one of these was for rape . 
  at one point , that line of investigation was dropped by the prosecutor . 
  this decision was almost immediately appealed by the women 's legal counsel ( a person appointed to guard the best interest of victims ) . 
  this is not uncommon . 
  about a week later it was reinstated . 
  so yes , part of the investigation was dropped , but not for very long , and it was n't `` suddenly '' reopened . 
   add to that the nearly unpredecented use of a interpol `` red notice '' ( important fugitive alert ) just to get someone to testify i would n't call it unprecedented , and it 's actually : `` to seek the location and arrest of wanted persons with a view to extradition or similar lawful action . '', 
  the rape charge is that he , allegedly , initiated sex with ( i.e. 
  penetrated ) a woman while she was still asleep . 
  he did not wear a condom , but that 's not the main accusations . 
  besides , not all that much has been done on the prosecutors end . 
  most of what has happened is the result of assange 's actions , such as the numerous appeals , bail jumping etc. 
   or someone from sweden could move their ass over to the uk and do with assange what * assange * claim they want to do : question him . 
  i fixed it , but it still does n't make a lot of sense . 
  to what end ? 
  if they were to `` charge '' him , they 'd still need to get him to sweden for trial , which he would still refuse , only now there 's a time limit , * and * the previous extradition request has been rendered null and void . 
  it took two years last time , and that was within the eu . 
  this time it 's from ecuador , which sweden ( coincidentally ) does n't even have an extradition treaty with . 
  what the help are you on about ? 
  they violate the airspace of soveriegn countries all the time . 
  probing away at the defences . 
  the only transit country that matters here would be the uk . 
  russia and france would not disapprove , and it would n't be a diplomatic vehicle in any other country . 
  if the uk knows he 's in the car , they have every right to stop it and search it . 
  `` the france '' ? 
  as opposed to `` a france '' or just any france ? 
  no , that 's exactly what it 's about . 
  do n't kid yourself into thinking that this ( which seems to be without substance ) , the ecudaroian , or the russian asylums are in any way not about `` sticking it to the us '' . 
  if it was completely unrelated to current events , then no , it would obviously not be childish , but it was assumed to be earlier in this thread . 
  consider this a what-if discussion . 
  so in conclusion , giving people asylum for being whistleblowers : not childish , giving people asylum to `` piss off '' the us : very childish . 
  it 's the fact that it 's `` payback '' rather than justice that makes it childish . 
  yes , it international politics does appear childish at times , but that does n't mean we should n't expect more . 
  especially when it 's mature countries like the us and france ( or so i thought ) , and not some backwater dictatorship . 
  and no , our politicians are no better than those in other countries . 
  it 's not about the motive , but the way it 's done . 
  it would only serve one purpose , and that 's to piss the us off . 
  doing things to spit others is childish . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  on the other hand , prosecuting a person who released thousands of classified documents is perfectly reasonable , no matter what ethical values you apply . 
  if someone steals your car , you 'd want that person to be caught , prosecuted , punished , and you 'd want to be reimbursed . 
  what you should not do is go to that persons home and spitefully steal his dog . 
  that would be childish and spitefull . 
  i assume the reasoning is that the entire ( bail ) system is built on people cooperating and that it would fall apart if people did n't . 
  edit : if you ask me , it was lunacy to give assange bail to being with . 
  i was referring to the uk . 
  i do n't know what the situation is in sweden regarding not appearing for a sentence or trial . 
  i assume it 's not punished for the reasons given . 
  it would be symbolic , yes , but of a petty attitude . 
  doing things out of spite is not mature . 
  i really ca n't understand how people ca n't see that ? 
  are we really all that immature ? 
  the difference is , of course , that manning is an american , was in the military , and quite obviously committed a crime . 
  none of that can be said about assange . 
  very few things are entirely impossible , and neither is this . 
  does that mean that we should assume they 're true ? 
  the us would probably love to get hold of assange , but on what charges ? 
  he 's not , nor has he ever been , wanted by the uk government or the swedish government for that matter . 
  he is , however , wanted by the judiciaries of both countries . 
  failure to surrender is punishable by either a short prison sentence or a fine . 
  are they armed ? 
  is n't that rather unusual for british police personnel ? 
  snowden is american , but if we 're focusing on assange , then i 'm not saying he 's guilty of anything . 
  guilt is not a prerequisite for extradition . 
  spying would also be a political crime , but really , assange is more of an editor / publisher than spy . 
  saying `` na-nana-naa-nah !, 
  you ca n't have him ! '', 
  to `` piss off '' the us because they were mean to us is , by my reckoning , a prime example of childish behaviour . 
  would it be acceptable on an national scale ? 
  i think not . 
  i think it would at best be called petty , and at worst vigilantism . 
  i might be a stuffy old guy , but i think those consequences should be related and proportional to the wrongdoings . 
  this is a unrelated ( and quite feeble ) reaction more akin to how injustices are handled on the playground . 
  edit : happy cake day . 
  a train driver ? 
  politicians are just people . 
  they do n't always speak on behalf of the state . 
  in this case she said she thought france would ( not her decision to make as minister of justice ) , and then apparently the prime minister said no . 
  it 's not `` france '' announcing this , it 's one politician . 
  ok , that make sense . 
  treason and espionage are both political crimes , so they are not grounds for extradition from any eu country ( that i know of ) . 
  give him back ? 
  yes , basically exactly what 's stated in the european convention on extradition . 
  it 's the same with just about all eu countries , and has been deemed insufficient by assange . 
  what compound ?
