   using the verb `` raped '' in this case is ridiculous and insulting to actual rape victims it simply means that there was no consent , implicit or explicit . 
  take from that what you want . 
  * that girl * . 
  it 's only only one of the women he 's accused of having raped . 
  and no , this really should n't have anything to do with wikileaks . 
  yes and it 's another quantifier . 
  far from all criminals are convicted . 
  hess did a lot more than `` extrapolate from available data '' though , so that 's hardly supporting your claim . 
  even br\u00e5 has done studies on the subject , and they have n't been condemned for hate speech as far as i know . 
  every assault rape that resulted in a conviction , and :  it 's also dangerous to try to extrapolate from available data as you can easily be condemned of hate speech . 
  i have no idea what gave you that idea , but it 's not true . 
  you ca n't compare statistics like that without taking into the difference in methodology into consideration . 
   you can call yourself whatever the fuck you want , but notice no one is sterilizing you . 
  which is also the case in all the those countries . 
  it 's when you want your * sex * changed legally ( that is , in the eyes of the state ) that you have had to change your ` sex * . 
  you can change your gender daily , and no one would care . 
  that literally says that to change your sex in our register , you have to actually change your sex . 
  notice that it 's `` sex '' and not `` gender '' . 
  it might seem unfair and necessary , but it 's far from illogical , if a bit simplistic . 
  edit : * unnecessary * !, 
  damn it . 
  facts never go out of fashion , boy . 
  it 's hard to not be self-important when you 're just so damn important . 
  yeah , i want ireland to win every year too . 
  i do n't see how not understanding the lyrics make the song less boring . 
  it 's nothing inherently interesting in languages you do n't understand . 
  maybe if you 've never heard any of them and do n't know what they sound like , there 's something to be gained from it . 
  they were in the second semi . 
  it was part of the interval act . 
  they did have a song that sounded a lot like a esc song though . 
   does n't a high risk also mean high rewards , if you pull it through that is ? 
  not generally , no . 
  you 'd be stupid to invest if it does n't though . 
  i guess so . 
  that 's not what i 'm hearing , but i ca n't say i 've delved into it , so i guess i only hear the more radical stuff . 
  that 's over a decade ago . 
  now russia has a new kind of non-western democracy , and europe represents nothing but immorality and decadence . 
  they 're classified as commodities in some countries though . 
  but there was a lot of criticism of azerbaijan two years ago when they hosted it . 
  europe can count on us to do what we do best . 
  produce weapons and steel . 
  why , yes . 
   moray eel well , it does n't fit , unless it 's been renamed correct information eel . 
  we do n't joke . 
  you should know that . 
  a moray eel . 
  i-is this some danskj\u00e4velmeme i should know about ? 
  that 's not an insult , it 's just the demonym for citizens of denmark . 
   evil soviet communists of russia what are you talking about ? 
  this map clearly says according to putin , and he 's no communist . 
  if he 's evil is a philosophical question . 
  i ca n't know for sure , off course , but it is the impression i 'm getting . 
  the lady doth protest too much , methinks . 
  you seem to think that the fa\u00e7ade they display outwards reflect their true feelings . 
  it 's my experience that the more eager people are to seem unfazed , the more they 're trying to hide their insecurities . 
  their bravado sounds hollow . 
  as long as they are n't planning on importing anything , they should be fine . 
  if they just had n't lost ww1 , all this could have been avoided . 
  that 's good . 
  they are targeted sanctions after all . 
  they are meant to hurt putin and his wealthy friends , not the general public . 
  some very ripe cheeses actually have a smell that 's fairly close to surstr\u00f6mming . 
  minus the fishiness off course . 
  no , the whole of europe is not dependant on russian anything . 
  far from it . 
  it 's mostly asylum seekers . 
  they are not in sweden to contribute to the economy , but to not be killed . 
  that does n't mean they 're expected to contribute of course , but it 's not primarily why they are invited . 
  you are making several mistake here , but i will limit this post to two . 
  first , you assume that all immigrants from mena countries are muslims , which is far from true . 
  the actual number is about 1.2 % . 
  secondly , you thing extrapolation actually says anything about the future . 
  it clearly does n't , or we 'd have over 100 % muslims by 2100 , which is impossible . 
  that 's what bacon is for . 
  no , but danes certainly are big on pork . 
  and pigs are electrocuted . 
  i 'm not sure about the beheading since decapitation would mean that the chicken is killed unstunned . 
  but you ca n't deny that judging sentience is a bit tricky , can you ? 
  you could try to claim that , yes , and they usually do , but it does n't change the fact that they were both technically losses . 
  russia even got more land after the winter war than they had demanded before the start of the war . 
  could be worse . 
  could also be better if all these bloody foreigners stopped projecting their dreams and butthurt onto us . 
  well we 'll see about that !, 
  \\* turns around and throws feather boa over shoulder \\*, 
  foreigners call your country a utopia . 
  you never asked for it . 
  other foreigners get upset and call your country a hell-hole . 
  you never asked for any of it . 
  a innocent bystander , used as a pawn . 
  i 've had more than one finn get upset when i point out that finland actually `` lost '' both the winter war and the continuation war . 
  it 's as if they actually did n't know that . 
  then again , finns can always strike back with the old `` you did n't help '' line , which can get quite upsetting if you do n't like it when people are wrong on the internet . 
  i 'm sorry , but not all stereotypes exist for a reason . 
  if all swedish males were in fact gay , as you finns like to claim , then we would most likely have died out , as a nation , hundreds of years ago . 
  maybe you could say that all * good * stereotypes exist for a reason . 
  people do n't seem to get what being neutral means . 
  i 'm not saying that sweden is neutral ( that 's not even the official stance ) , but selling weapons does not make you not neutral . 
  neutral is not a synonym for isolationism . 
  if the author was aiming for hypocrisy , well then he failed miserably . 
  the immigrants are not here because we need workers , they 're here because they risk being killed if they 'd stay were they were .
