country without military equipment , great beaches , communicative people and pretty much conservative . 
  well that 's called stupidity , they had to protest in that primitive way instead of just leaving the room . 
  they should be hooligans not politicians . 
  nazi salute ? 
  you 're so triggered , it 's kinda cute tho . 
  that was fair . 
  slovenia deserved it and yeah , finally a fair court decision . 
  not yet . 
  by whom ? 
  by everyone . 
  serbia would be the next syria . 
  superpowers would have indirect fight on serbian territory . 
  keep in mind that almost every country on balkans is in nato , except serbia , macedonia and bosnia , between these three countries russia has only interests in serbia . 
  `` the outcome would be more in our favour '' what the hell ? 
  serbia would be literally destroyed and there would be a lot of dead civilians . 
  greece land . 
  it 's pretty nice and warm there , definitely a good place to visit . 
  wait , they claim to be responsible for 30 % of victims ? 
  so their fault is death for about 300 victims . 
  lol whats up with that kekistan type flag ? 
  russians ? 
  lol, 
  do n't do things that you would n't like others do to you . 
  noup . 
  this time is just a conspiracy . 
  i 'd like to see him in turtle 's position, 
  yeaaah right sureee, 
  thanks for the correction i really appreciate it, 
  please speak english , this is / r/europe if you did n't noticed . 
  soros paid them to keep their mouths shut hehe, 
  nothing important . 
  terrible . . it 's a shame . 
  i am not saying that they were the only victims , but they also the victims . 
  actually serbia had nothing to do with war in croatia , people keep saying otherwise and it 's wrong . 
  croatian serbs started to get discriminated when tudjman got elected as a president , people started to get fired from their jobs and to get molested on the streets and boom . 
  oh dear , i remember kosovo , people going to defend their land , to fight terrorists , i 'm proud of them . 
  dear desireux do you know anything about jasenovac ? 
  they got killed by croats !, 
  no one is talking about that and no one is talking about burning monastery on kosovo , dead kids laying around without heads . 
  i am not saying that they were the only victims , but they also the victims . 
  actually serbia had nothing to do with war in croatia , people keep saying otherwise and it 's wrong . 
  croatian serbs started to get discriminated when tudjman got elected as a president , people started to get fired from their jobs and to get molested on the streets and boom . 
  oh dear , i remember kosovo , people going to defend their land , to fight terrorists , i 'm proud of them . 
  dear desireux do you know anything about jasenovac ? 
  they got killed by croats !, 
  no one is talking about that and no one is talking about burning monastery on kosovo , dead kids laying around without heads . 
  serbia is not a good guy here but croatia is n't too . 
  croatia keep denying ethnic cleansing and that 's the main problem here . 
  that was just for their safety , that was n't forced . 
  people who did n't evacuate and leave their home they were killed ( mostly old people and disabled ), 
  dude , they were charged in croatia , they have been like 2 days in jail and that 's it . 
  you need to go deeper in that . 
  44 dead civilians ? 
  haha , oh my god , i should n't laugh but this is so wrong . 
  they literally published their names and you still do n't believe ? 
  stop lying and acting like ethnic cleansing did n't happened . 
  the fact that battler were not lead in serbia does n't change anything . 
  so that 2500 + people who were killed are nothing to you , just propaganda ? 
  croats peacefully entered villages and polite asked people to leave ? 
  oh dude , you got serious problem in your head if you believe in that . 
  we will never forget 200 000 serbs who were forced to leave their home and more than 2500 dead serbian civilians . 
  say whatever you want , you ca n't deny the facts . 
  oh , we got one butthurt fella here !, 
  you 're wrong , actually only a few people were punished , but the rest did n't , for example take gotovina . 
  first , get your facts together and then comment you uneducated prick . 
  we need justice . . 
  is this that chick who posted picture on twitter that glory bombing and killing innocent people in serbia ? 
  good job morons , they should be in jail by now . 
  throwback to the good old days, 
  europe is my country . 
  we 're waiting for you !, 
  beautiful country . 
  she has that sad face , kinda make me sad too . 
  actually they stole what they wanted from mexico ( texas ... ), 
  i wo n't tell you , that 's secret . 
  just extradite him and let the justice do the rest . 
  he would be isolated . 
  too soft move . 
  it would be funny if russia put its troops on mexican-us border, 
  of course it should n't be left ignored , but that 's not job for one individual , it should be removed by some authorities, 
  it 's just wasting time . 
  she could do better things instead , maybe start visiting orphanages and talk to kids and help them understand nazism, 
  stupid thing to do . 
  always hated to see that . 
  pretty much saying bunch of stupid stuff like he always do and wiping vucic 's ass . 
  he probably yelled `` long life jesus '', 
  man , i 'm going to write my side of the story and my view of everything , especially about bosnia . 
  serbs are guilty as much as others . 
  there was one guy named arkan , who went to war just to steal and kill , not alone , but with his group of people . 
  in my opinion he deserved to be killed . 
  but , let 's be real , he was n't the only one , there were people like him on both sides . 
  sarajevo used to be multi - ethnic city where all people used to live together without any problems ( serbs , croats , bosniaks ) and when the stupid , very very stupid politicians started to motivate people to kill each other everything has changed . 
  i blame them . 
  without them people wo n't do such things to each other . 
  and the thing i said about arabs in bosnia , yeah , now if you go to sarajevo there are bunch of arabs who are ruling the city . 
  there is no sarajlija anymore . 
  here , in serbia people love russia and russia does n't give a fuck about serbia . 
  ` beograd na vodi ' is another stupid decision of our corrupted government which will end unfinished . 
  i 'm just tired of seeing everyone talk shit about serbia and serbian victims , it 's like they are not important , every victim is important and we shall not give any nationalist any power if we do that we are going to lay in blood again . 
  i talked about sarajevo because my neighbour was from there and we used to discuss about that .
