i 'd say that hillary is more likely to start a war . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  i would like to attend hhs , yes . 
  but i do n't think that i will get good enough grades , at least not without complementing them . 
  average of exact b in first grade , so i should be able to read them up to a 's quite easily later . 
  if i score only a 's from now on , that could be good enough for 19,7 . 
  i do n't think i will get 1,95 on the test either , because i 'm not very good at math . 
  luckily , i 'm really good at `` hard '' swedish words , and reading comprehension in english . 
  i 'd definitely be content with going to another school , hhs is just optimal . 
  maybe i 'll study abroad instead , sadly it can easily get expensive though . 
  my parents were/are quite well off , yes . 
  but most of the people they met in italy was through work , and therefore i suppose that they had a similar job to my father ( my mother did n't work there ) , and similar wage . 
  in swedish currency , they are millionaires , yes . 
  most people are , considering the most basic apartment with 1 room can easily be one million . 
  in euro , not so sure , maybe . 
  keep in mind that they did n't own the house in italy , merely rented it ( for about 2000 euro a month , around 2000-2002 ) , partly with the money they made by renting out the house in sweden . 
  back then university was n't really necessary to get a good job , so my father started working at that company at 15 . 
  full time at 19 . 
  so he had 15 years to build his career to that point . 
  today that would mean you are about ( 23 +15 ) 38 . 
  that money at 38 is not strange at all today . 
  you 're probably right that some people lie about their score , but i know for a fact that every single person in my class got an a in social sciences , because our teacher told us so in front of the class , so no lying there . 
  math 1c , 79,3 % got an a or b. 
  that seems like high enough that i would n't hesitate to say that almost everyone got a or b. 
  and i was speaking about a swedish test , which at least i personally find easier . 
  yes , lots of people change programmes . 
  i do n't see that as dropping out . 
  i see dropping out as just blatantly quitting school , starting to work instead or just be at home . 
  i think people do get worse grades in high school than in 9th grade , in general , yes . 
  in 9th grade , some people get greatly inflated grades because of all the bullshit subjects , that for some reason matters just as much as something like math in the final score . 
  some people get a 's in arts , music and other stuff that does n't really matter , while getting bad or mediocre grades in subjects like math , english etc. 
  when these people then get to high school , and do n't have arts and music anymore , their grades drop . 
  good on you for getting such a great score on the h\u00f6gskoleprov !, 
  i 'm doing it next saturday , it 's my first one ( first term in second grade ) , got any tips ? 
  that is my dream outcome , getting a really high score , so that i can go to school to learn and have fun instead of just focusing on grades . 
  i think that 's a huge problem in the school today , it 's so grade oriented that we do n't actually learn anything . 
  this test was just this spring , so i do n't know if the results are public yet . 
  if they are , tell me where to find them and i will look it up . 
  as for the other stuff you wrote , i disagree . 
  your experience in 9th grade just seems like you are salty that someone more popular got better grades than you . 
  or you just had shitty teachers , but atleast that 's not the experience i had . 
  there are no dropouts in my school . 
  we had one girl that got burned out and had to , but she had an a in literally every subject except english in 9th grade , so it really was n't because she was n't good enough . 
  and iirc , the year i applied , there were 200 something applyants , for 60 spots . 
  so not really many vacant spots there . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.google.se/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=https://www.grkom.se/download/18.4e85091914e1a80913daf6c1/1473862113560/antagningspo%25c3%25a4ng%2boch%2bmedelv%25c3%25a4rde.pdf&amp;ved=0ahukewjix_vcspdpahwjipokhqmedeiqfggbmaa&amp;usg=afqjcnflwj09wbxtnm_berztasfiikcjda&amp;sig2=d9npsg4ttprsokrprlhbcq ) are the stats for my school . 
  to get accepted into `` naturprogramet '' you needed 313 points , and the average is 325 . 
  if you have a b in every subject you have 297,5 points . 
  so it 's not really surprising that everyone would score b or a on one test . 
  also , you said that it 's all easy as shit , so why is it hard to believe that we get good grades ? 
  i agree that it 's probably quite bad for those that do n't perform very good . 
  it is quite good for higher performing students however . 
  of course there are n't only super good schools and really shitty ones . 
  most are in between . 
  could be improved if the schools got more funding and attention from the government . 
  more funding = higher wages for teachers = more people wanting to be a teacher = better teachers = better students in all schools . 
  41 % of tax money goes to `` social protection ( economical support to people that do n't work and disabled people , pensions , health insurances , financial support for parents etc. ) '', 
  while 13 % go to education . 
  i heard that a reality show like big brother had more applicants than the teachers education in 2015 or something . 
  this system creates quite a pressure on performing good at a young age too . 
  you are supposed to have your good grades when you are 15 or 16 . 
  if you do n't , it will be very hard to catch up . 
  i have a friend , he had very good grades when we went to school together , but he did n't have good enough to get accepted into the really elite school . 
  therefore he chose the local one . 
  when i tried that one out , i was in his class . 
  the teacher returned some national test results that day , and half the class had failed , including my friend . 
  in my school , i do n't think anyone in my class of 30 people got worse than an a or b ( extremely hard to get an a here , the worst grade is an f which is failed . 
  the worst acceptable grade is e , then d , c , b and a. 
  so getting only a 's and b 's is pretty much the same or harder than what americans call `` straight a 's '' ) . 
  yes . 
  i could go to one that is 5 minutes away , but it 's a shit one , and i 'm quite tired of the people in my town . 
  therefore i have chosen to go to a way better school in gothenburg . 
  i do n't know how it works in italy , but here you have to get admitted into school , based on grades . 
  if there are more people applying than there are spots at the school , they only admit the people with the best grades . 
  say there are 100 spots for the economic program ... and 300 people want to go there . 
  only the 100 people with best grades will be accepted . 
  if you go to another school with 100 spots , but only 60 people apply . 
  everyone gets in , regardless of grades . 
  this makes it so that some schools consist of exclusively really good students , creating a very good environment for studying , while also making it more sought after for teachers , so that they can choose the best ones . 
  no teachers want to teach at a school that everyone gets into , if they instead can choose to work at a school with only smart kids that are all motivated ( do n't fuck around in class , do their work etc. ) . 
  therefore i have chosen one of the `` elite '' schools , which makes it worth the commute . 
  i actually got quite tired of commuting last year ( waking up at 5:30 every day does that ) , so i decided to try out the local school for a few days . 
  figured it could n't be that bad . 
  it was , it was day and night . 
  i no longer have any doubts about the commute being worth it . 
  buy one instead . 
  save up for the direct fee , probably will be faster than waiting for an apartment to rent . 
  then , when you want to move out you can sell it , most likely for profit . 
  when you rent , it 's just money out all the time . 
  the most fancy unis are in stockholm actually . 
  as an example , i 'm quite keen on going to stockholm school of economics . 
  if i 'm accepted and choose to attend it , i 'm gon na have to move to stockholm ( from gothenburg ) . 
  this means that i 'm moving away from home at 19 . 
  we have considered the possibility of me moving to gothenburg ( from where i live about an hour away ) to shorten my commute to high school . 
  i 'm 17 . 
  the only real reason i do n't is because my parents do n't trust me to eat healthy , go to bed in time , wake up in time for school etc. 
  family ties are not that important that we want to live with eachother for half of our lives . 
  parents always joke about kicking us out at 18 , stuff like `` my biggest wage increase will be when the kids move out '' . 
  since you are italian , and i and my parents have lived in italy , i 'll tell you what my parents have told me . 
  the italians were absolutely shocked to hear that they had a kid , a villa in italy , one in sweden , two cars and a boat , before being 30 years old .
