and britain ... 
  country is just a piece of land . 
  we just call the regions of the uk `` countries '' for historical reasons . 
  the uk is the sovereign nation with a seat at the un . 
  sucks you were downvoted . 
  you should n't have been even if it was n't a joke . 
  you clearly know what youre talking about . 
  i 'd listen to what you have to say on language design . 
  why is garbage collection a problem in a modern language ? 
  i think its because most germans speak very good english . 
  us brits are also quite globally focussed and so see the advantages of french and spanish in south america and africa as well as europe . 
  you think ? 
  most people seem to think the future of systems languages are in the c++ replacements ( go , d , rust ) , otherwise use general purpose scripting languages ( python , ruby ) especially with jit like pypy . 
  i think people often forget that london is more populous ( 8.7 mil ) than scotland ( 5.3 mil ) and wales ( 3.1 mil ) combined . 
  you mean by 10 % of the population ? 
  that 's pretty significant . 
  they wo n't stop trading . 
  it will decrease though due to the large tariffs the eu will impose in order to make an example of the uk in order to discourage more leavers . 
  that 's an endorsement of the liberal democrats more than the tories . 
  what ? 
  all the posts here are right leaning !, 
  if anyone is gon na yell conspiracy it should be the left . 
  how do you define a computer though ? 
  i mean just look at the examples before babbage [ here ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/mechanical_computer#examples ) . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.arts.ac.uk/media/arts/research/documents/sizeuk-results-full.pdf ) the average uk male height at 20-24 years old is still 178 cm ( 5 ' 10 ) . 
  that 's only a cm taller than the national average of 177 cm or 5 ' 9.5 '' . 
  this does n't surprise me , people always tend to overestimate differences in height between generations , simply because they are more likely to notice taller people . 
  fair , they seem pretty [ even ] ( http://whatukthinks.org/eu/questions/in-highsight-do-you-think-britain-was-right-or-wrong-to-vote-to-leave-the-eu/ ) . 
  i must have read some bullshit . 
  why assume laziness instead of apathy ? 
  most votes in parliament have a large amount of abstentions . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i 'm not the person you originally replied to . 
  it 's a fact that the majority of people did not vote for brexit . 
  i was simply correcting you . 
  if you want my opinion though , people voted to leave the eu , fine . 
  they did not vote to leave the single market . 
  many prominent leave politicians said outright lies , including that remaining in the single market was an option . 
  then when leave won , ms may said that we only leave the single market because that 's what had been voted for even though * it absolutely was n't * . 
  polling [ suggests ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/nov/16/uk-voters-want-single-market-access-and-immigration-controls-poll-finds ) that the vast majority of people want to remain in the single market . 
  so i tend to agree with the lib dem position . 
  there should have been a second referendum on the nature of brexit , because the ** majority ** of people are not getting what they asked for , whether that 's stay in the eu or stay in the single market only . 
  more than 50 % were n't for brexit . 
  it was 70 odd % turnout , and it 's not an unfair assumption that the other thirty percent were ambivalent . 
  also , since the vote , opinion polling has suggested that the majority of the country are actually against brexit ( although think it should still be carried out in order to respect the referrendum ) . 
  it 's a strange situation and you 're oversimplifying it . 
  how do you define a civilian in the troubles ? 
  is n't an ira insurgent technically a civilian because they were n't part of any truly organized military group ? 
  the lines were probably pretty blury . 
  oh please . 
  you probably use a word every sentence that has mutated from its latin/greek origin significantly enough to mean something else entirely . 
  you and everyone else who read that comment knew what i meant by it . 
  and yes , homosexual couples do not have the biological prerequisite to naturally procreate . 
  but neither do a damn site more other people but the fact you were ignoring that was homophobic / homosexual-ist / biased against homosexuals / whatever . 
  frankly i find it baffling that you accept your inconsistency and yet still oppose same sex marriage . 
  a darn site more heterosexual couples are married who never will have children ( by choice or otherwise ) than homosexual couples . 
  we 're talking about 1 % of the population at most here . 
  are you not disturbed that pretty much every atheist in the western world is pro-homosexuality and same-sex marriage . 
  does that not heavily imply to you that all arguments against it stem from religious motivations ? 
  i think they do , and you are simply trying to justify your own religious motivations ( dogmatic or not ) . 
   it is natural in the meaning that it exists in nature , you are right . 
  but in this context , i refer to `` natural '' sexuality because reproduction is the reason it has evolved so - it 's a meaningful definition of natural . 
  your use of * natural * sounds an awful like eugenics then . 
  the reason something evolved is frankly irrelevant . 
  just because you view something as an evolutionary disadvantage ( homosexuality in a species being a disadvantage is up for debate but ignoring that ) , does not mean that trait should be discriminated against . 
   anything with `` phobia '' is an illness ; any kind of phobia is a very specific clinical condition listed in the dsm with well defined symptoms , while the neologism you are talking about is often used as smear word to saddle people you disagree with with some sort of negative connotation . 
  you 're confusing the root of a word with its modern meaning , it is the correct [ term ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/homophobia ) . 
   goes without saying that opposing same-sex `` marriage '' does n't falls into it . 
  no , opposing same sex marriage does n't automatically make you a homophobe . 
  your use of `` biological requisite '' was . 
   logically speaking yes , it should be denied benefits associated with having children ; the reason this was never enforced , again , is because it is more cumbersome to implement than the benefit it brings . 
  either way , this is not an argument in support of ssm , nor this is relevant to my objections . 
  what ? 
  have you ever taken part in a debate ? 
  the entire point is to show inconsistencies in other viewpoint . 
  there is an inconsistency in yours . 
  i have shown it . 
  according to your own reasons ( and even admission ) , your views on homosexual marriage can be just as equally applied to heterosexual marriage between infertile couples . 
  the fact that you are not against these anywhere as vehemently as you are against homosexual marriage shows a inconsistency in your argument . 
  a couple of questions . 
  are you religious and where are you from ? 
  homosexuality is just as * natural * as heterosexuality , one is just more common than the other . 
  but even if was n't , why is being natural any better than not being . 
  and homophobia is not an illness . 
  just because the root comes from the greek for `` fear '' , it does n't mean that anymore . 
  homophobia is to homosexuality as racism is to race . 
  but you know that , you 're just being facetious . 
  it is currently not possible for a post menopausal woman to have a child , should she be allowed to marry ? 
  but why even do that ? 
  why not just have child benefits and remove all marriage incentives entirely ? 
  then you can have polygomous marriages as well . 
  if there are no legal or financial incentives , who gives a shit ? 
  under your ( thinly veiled homophobic ) definition of `` biological requisite '' , heterosexual couples who are too old or have a medical reason why they ca n't have children should not be allowed to get married . 
  in addition , before you argue about `` curability '' ( i do n't see how a woman with no uterus could have a child ) , it is perfectly possible with the right technology for a homosexual couple to have a biological child . 
  soccer has some serious classist connections in the uk , so football . 
  also football is the name of the sport pretty much everywhere . 
  well ... 
  no , it refers to the fact that it 's a ball sport played on foot , as opposed to say , polo , which was played on horseback . 
  there are many , many variants of `` football '' , including rugby football , american football , australian football and association football ( soccer ) . 
  i also think color is the better spelling,
