  hofer would cause economical damage by trying to severe relations to countries that are the most important to us while bowing down before a country that offers no perspective for us except how things looked 50 years ago . 
  the current results are mainly from rural areas . 
  urban areas tend to be more left . 
   i fear hofers turnout will be better this time the point of challenging the election was that the fp\u00d6 hoped to be able to change voter mobilisation . 
  voiding the election was the real manipulation in this case . 
  he said `` vertrieben '' , which is more like beeing explused for ethnical reasons - which makes no sense considering , that the were czech . 
  yes , they moved to vienna in the late 19th century . 
  strache claimed for years , that they were displaced from there which makes no sense and is just another example of how the fp\u00d6 uses resentiments to make themselfes look sympathetic . 
   but with a difference of only 30k votes the fp\u00d6 had a very strong argument that even limited manipulation could have swung the result there no evidence of manipulation . 
  this was not about the electoral process - it was simply about the fp\u00d6 wanting to repeat the election that they lost . 
  the constitutional court sided with a sore loser who gambled on the the wording of the law . 
  they did not raise their concern in the first round of the election and it appears that they have prepared the plea to void the election a year ago . 
  the voiding of the election was a strategic assault on democracy . 
  the fp\u00d6 knew very well that it could base a second election campaign on their party funds , while vdb had to gather donations . 
  they also hoped that their party apparatus would give them a benefit in getting their message spread . 
  not beeing able to accept loosing the election and hoping to get an advantage from repeating it makes them look just as bad as they are . 
   elections ca n't have the shadow of a doubt . 
  there was no shadow of a doubt . 
  there was never anything that pointed towards manipulation . 
  no , after the vote . 
  [ source ] ( https://kurier.at/politik/inland/brexit-fpoe-hofer-will-auch-in-oesterreich-ein-ausstiegsreferendum/206.473.186 ) . 
   yeah because some county officials are not the really an authority when it comes to law but the highest court is . 
  the court decission did not follow the wording of the constitution . 
  the constitution calls for an election to be voided , when manipulation has been prooven . 
  the court had argued that a maniuplation could have been theoretically possible , which goes against every evidence and the statistical examination . 
  in reality , this was a political decission . 
  the court did not probably not want the fp\u00d6 to go on any anti democracy yelling spree and they may have been trying to appease to them to some extent . 
   i always thought hc strache was worse ... strache does n't use the two faces-trick . 
  he always appears rather rude and simply . 
  but hofers sliminess is unbelievable bad . 
  spreading rumors about vdb beeing sick while at the same time using his disability to gather sympathy and knowingly spreading lies about the opponent is something we did n't have before . 
   yeah , hofer has pretty much moderated so much on the eu he called for a referendum on the eu membership this year , so not , he has only eaten chalk but not rethought his ideas . 
   without changing the modus of counting those votes it was bound to blow up sooner or later the problems were purely formal and the court decision resulted from an interpretation of the law that none of the legal expertes of the state authorities shared . 
  the formal problems also often resulted from members of the fp\u00d6 not showing up to monitor the counting of the votes when they were supposed to do so . 
  two statisticans have analysed the mail in ballots . 
  their conclusions are [ here ] ( https://cms.falter.at/falter/2016/09/06/eine-mathematik-lektion-fuer-den-vfgh/ ) in german . 
  from their analysis , we can see that there was no potential for manipulation . 
  hofer is by far the most disgusting person on the political stage . 
  never before has a campaign been operating with that kind of maliciousness , that hofer and his supporters have shown . 
  they had less arguments for themselfes than rumors about their opponent . 
  at first , they started spreading rumors about vdb suffering from chancer and dementia . 
  in the later phase of the campaign , they started calling vdb a nazi , a communist , a spy of the eastern block ( while always claiming that hofer had better relations to russia ) and a neoliberal . 
  this right-wing candidate made a point of telling lies and becomming outraged when beeing called out . 
  in an earlier debate , he claimed to have gotten into a terror attack while visiting the temple mountain in jerusalem during an official visit in the parliament of israel . 
  the tv station found out , that there was no official visit to the parliament and the police did not know anything about the attack hofer claimed to have witnessed . 
  he and his supporters later started a witchhunt against the presenter of that debate . 
  it later became known that while hofer was at the temple mountain , someone tried to climb over a barricade and was shot at by the police , but this was not identical to hofers description of an assault with granades and machine guns . 
  he was not near that , but he spun a story that should make him look like the heroic surviver of a terror attack . 
  a few weeks ago , he claimed that there were no muslimic nurses . 
  when beeing called out for that , he cited a masters thesis which prompted the author of that thesis to come forward and deny that her thesis offered any basis for that claim . 
  telling lies with a straight face is what hofers campaign is based on . 
  hofer tried to make himself look sympathetic , but he could not hide his choleric second face that became visible in the last debate when he started yelling `` lies '' when vdb started citing him . 
  there is a real danger that should he get into office , he would be confronted with foreign politicans and diplomats with different points of view . 
  if he should have a similar mental breakdown as in the last debate , he would fall into isolation and ridiculousness , taking austria as a hostage with him . 
  the really dangerous thing about hofer is , that he is working against the eu membership while claiming that he would priorize relations to russia and serbia . 
  both of these countries are economically unimportant to austria . 
  hofer would cause economical damage by trying to severe relations to countries that are the most important to us while bowing down before a country that offers no perspective for us except how things looked 50 years ago . 
  i presume that the relative lack of beggar gangs may be responsible for that high rates . 
  this building was created by theophil von hansen , who has also created many landmarks in the center of vienna . 
  an overview over his works can be found [ here ] ( https://www.commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/category:theophil_hansen?uselang=en ) . 
  this building was created by theophil von hansen , who has also created many landmarks in the center of vienna . 
  an overview over his works can be found [ here ] ( https://www.commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/category:theophil_hansen?uselang=en ) . 
  this building was created by theophil von hansen , who has also created many landmarks in the center of vienna . 
  an overview over his works can be found [ here ] ( https://www.commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/category:theophil_hansen?uselang=en ) . 
  there has never been a real proof of this effect . 
  most of these cities have far more immigration per year than properties rented to tourists . 
  look at the white spot in the middle left , this is sch\u00f6nbrunn . 
  the red area follows the g\u00fcrtel , ehich is somewhat accurate . 
  the very red spots are around quellenstra\u00dfe , an area where shop signs are not in german . 
  the open arms has been crossing into libyan waters which could be obaerved on the tracking websites . 
  see i.e. 
  onto the trashyard ofhistory he may proceed . 
  i 'd at one poont like to see reliable statiatics about airbnb . 
  the numbers of properties listed , especially whole properties is too small to make an impact on the rental market . 
  it is an open secret that the default german subreddit / r/de bans users for beeing against this form of immigration . 
  this causes a filtering effect which results in german users which oppose immigration leaving reddit as a whole if they are not participating in special interest communities . 
  it is an open secret , that the default german subreddit / r/de bans users for beeing against this form of immigration . 
  this causes a filtering effect which results in german users which oppose immigration leaving reddit as a whole if they are not participating in special interest communities . 
  sweden has a lutheran former state church , which probably ordains females . 
  afghans are definately the group we should priorise to deport . 
  and as it turns out , there is no right to enter a country and force oneself upon its citizens and its finances . 
  this has surely nothing to do with claims , that there is are gangs imposing sharia law in british prisons ( [ bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/av/uk-36437686/sharia-courts-in-british-prisons ) , [ telegraph ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/law-and-order/7428933/muslim-gangs-imposing-sharia-law-in-british-prisons.html ) ) . 
  this shows very well how much space motorways require . 
  the best strategy would have been to ban the demonstration . 
  it 's not as if such demonstrations , especially with the black block participating would have ever stayed peaceful . 
   vienna-bratislava the rural conservatives have been blocking this section for years . 
  now , there are at least concrete plans to improve that line to 160 km/h . 
  this appears to be the river enns in the ges\u00e4use mountain range . 
  this resulted in the 2/3-majority for the state government . 
  [ according to ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lagan_valley_ ( assembly_constituency ) wikipedia , this is a mixed member constituency in northern ireland , that has a somewhat own system . 
  dobrindt is simply disgusting and incompetent . 
  he deserves hate for continuously blocking the improvement of rail connections from austria to germany , including the accesory line to the brenner base tunnel which will not be able to be used at full capacity due to the line on the german side that is already over its maximum capacity today . 
  [ this map of high-speed lines ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bf/high_speed_railroad_map_of_europe.svg ) shows what could be achieved if the boarder-crossing lines could be improved . 
  the mobile version of reddit tends to duplicate posts . 
  all of these posts have the timestamp 12:23:04 . 
  webm should be capable of doing so . 
  the top post in that thread is a foto of someone waving the flag of the so-called `` free syrian army '' , that was claimed to be taken at a macron speech . 
  if this was true , then it would be giving unnecessary propaganda material ( the `` fsa '' was overtaken by islamist groups about two years after the start of the war ) and it should therefore have been removed . 
  the point about the collection of the mentally ill on the sub in question is that they are on a similar level of bad . 
  they have a frequently used `` kek '' - flair , that has a reichskriegsflagge in green .
