  the gdp per capita was 30 % lower than today . 
  the so called `` reform of the pension system '' along with its propaganda for private retirement insurance failed . 
  those who bought private retirement insurance saw nothing but losses . 
  the `` gruppenbesteuerung '' cost the federal budget 500 million per year . 
  assets were sold under dubious circumstances for too low prices and despite claiming to do so , that government never achieved a budget surplus even in the best parts of the economic cycle . 
  no , as statistics show , their lack of education might make them gullible to populists . 
  this is all just the fault of those crazies that opened the boarders . 
  the fp\u00d6 is a right extremist party that has prooven several times that they are corrupt and incompentet . 
  the last time , they were involved in a federal government , the country suffered intensifly . 
  their last state government lead their state into a financial disaster . 
  their politicans are populists that lack education and are unable to do anything but to yell dumb slogans . 
  people may be aware , that they would cause chaos . 
  however , the damage that the fp\u00d6 would cause may be seen as less bad than the damage that the mass immigration causes . 
  it also does n't help that some migrant groups are turning public spaces like the train station vienna praterstern or the metro line u 6 into no-go zones . 
  they are corrupt and incompetent . 
  they have prooven this several times . 
   rumors are placing christian kern , general director of the national railway system ( \u00d6bb ) , as favorite . 
  kern is rhetorically well suited and would be a better lead figure than any of the current ministers . 
  what may benefit him more is , that he has restored the federal railways from the disasters , the the previous oevp-fpoe-government caused . 
  the federal railways are in a very well functioning state now . 
   the sp\u00d6-vienna fully backed him at all times the leading functionaries did so . 
  the party base - if i take the sample of active members which i know as representative - appears to have been very opposed . 
  especially in vienna , the base knew exactly , why people were voting for the fpoe . 
   that 's the first time i 've read '' ( neo - ) conservative '' and `` neos '' in one sentence . 
  given their position in economic questions , i think that the perfectlz fit the neoconservative level . 
   the sp\u00d6 has additionally lost their last 19 out of 21 ( or something like that ) elections , so faymann was bound to resign one way or another . 
  for our foreign participants : it gets worse than this : the spoe won the styrian state elections , but freely gave the position of the governor to the second-scoring oevp . 
  noone nows what was supposed to be achieved by doing so . 
  yes . 
  look at the sch\u00fcssel-governments , k\u00e4rnten , y-line , buwog , the eurofighter-purchase etc. 
   what i do n't understand about your kind is how you can seriously be so afraid about a party that wants to strengthen national identity and the enforcement of laws , every time they got into a government , they spread corruption and nepotism . 
  how anyone can still vote for them is beyond my understanding . 
   he pissed off much of the rest by closing them , while few of the former group forgave him . 
  according to [ this poll ] ( http://www.oe24.at/oesterreich/politik/76-prozent-fuer-asyl-stop/219840551 ) from january , just 17 % were in favor of further immigration . 
  this small share divides itself upon probably 3/4 of the greens 11 % , some of the neoconservative neos ' 6 % , roughly 2 % of unaffiliated leftists , mostly communists and some of the spoes electors . 
  in the elections in 2013 , the spoe got 26 % . 
  from this poll , we can guess that the spoe 's pro-immigration course had at best the backing of 1/5th of its voters . 
  because the decision to allow these ammounts of immigration was made without support from either his party or the electorate . 
  the closure of the boarder following the west balkan conference was seen as too little and too late . 
  the things the government did before autumn were sometimes right and sometimes wrong , but the decission to allow mass immigration was an unprecedented act against the will of the population , that has damaged to governments position . 
  as we could see from the first round of the presidential elections , there is widespread distrust against the government and apparently faymann is not seen as credible enough anymore to solve the problem, 
   the article suggests it was closing the borders , which made his party dislike him . 
  there was never a majority for allowing nearly unlimited immigration , not even within his own party . 
  in the last years , the spoe kept loosing voters to the anti-immigration-party . 
  this problem became urgent in the last election . 
   his party hated him for caving in to conservative pressure . 
  appart from the unimportant student orgnaisation , noone in the spoe backed the pro-immgration course . 
  it was no surprise . 
  opening the boarders to the mass immigration has damaged the governments position too much . 
   at this point it is all research money , which is generally reclaimable as a tax break if it is being done by a company with profits to set against it . 
  this does only shift the source of the money , but it does not change the fact , that the company is trying to sell a product of which it does not know how it is supposed to work . 
  to make this even worse , the whole concept is filled with loopholes like propulsion by a turbine in a vacuum or a track that does not allow entering or leaving the vehicles . 
  4chan may be one of the most obvious signs for the lack of access to mental health care in the us . 
   there is no doubt assad did this . 
  then where is the proof ? 
   just the same conspiracy bullshit over and over again . 
  you apparently did n't even take a look at the sources i and others mentioned . 
  you are also ignoring the fact , that the so called rebells used sarin to attack both government troops and ypg/sdf in aleppo . 
  pictures that came from the al-quaeda affiliated al-nusra-front or the american military are not sufficient sources for anything . 
  but as you use the word * `` conspiracy '' * : do you remember , who used the following words : * `` we know where they iraq 's weapons of mass destruction are . 
  they 're in the area around tikrit and baghdad and east , west , south and north . 
  trump was elected through russian interventions in the days and weeks before the election . 
  he apparently received a 19 % stake in rosneft in exchange for the promise to make favorable deals to russia . 
  if you defend trumps agression , you are defending a russian puppet and are by logical induction a russian shill . 
  really ? 
  this is how low your argument gets ? 
  what you are doing is warmongering for the poor man . 
  and as a fact , the claim in the wikipedia-article , that only the government had chemical warfare agents [ is false ] ( https://www.lrb.co.uk/v36/n08/seymour-m-hersh/the-red-line-and-the-rat-line ) . 
  the wikipedia article you cite is highly biased , as it completely ignores the findings on the incident by others as the un , which is a mostly political actor . 
  for the incident in ghouta , the gas was found to have a different composition than stockpiles of the government troops . 
  a review by two scientists at the massachusetts institute of technology concluded , that the used missiles could not have been fired from government-held areas ( [ source 1 ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=de&amp;sl=de&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.dw.com%2fde%2fassads-giftgas%2fa-38326578 ) , [ source 2 ] ( https://s3.amazonaws.com/s3.documentcloud.org/documents/1006045/possible-implications-of-bad-intelligence.pdf ) . 
  the wikipedia article has a list of supposed incidents , that is one part mostly based on sources that cite the `` syrian observatory on human rights '' , which has been found not to be a realiable source . 
  however , the list also has a number of toxic gas attacks on the ypg/sdf in the area of aleppo . 
  the ypg/sdf are on mutually positive terms with the government troops and been leading the effort against islamists of any variety in northern syria . 
  how are those attacks supposed to make sense if they were conducted by the government and not by the opposition , that had been attacking the same places at the same time ? 
  it is prooven , that al-nusra had access to toxic gas since 2013 . 
  and how exactly are the us , who have been supplying anti-vehicle missiles to the so called fsa for years different from russia , that supports novorossija ? 
  there is no proof of the government beeing responsible for the release . 
  the last use of toxic gas in 2013 was likely commited by the opposition . 
  your point was , that there was widespread fear of or opposition to assad . 
  but despite beeing a main battlefield , aleppo still is a stronghold of government supporters - the occupying rebel troops came from the neighbouring , rural idlib . 
  there is [ only one poll ] ( https://www.orb-international.com/perch/resources/syriadata.pdf ) , it was conducted by a serious polling agency last year and it holds assad as the most popular political force in syria . 
  it is important to notice , that syria was not a third wolrd country before the conflict started . 
  gdp-wise , syria was on par with the worse-off members of the former eastern block . 
  people who know developed life do n't buy the idea of a caliphate . 
  and appart of the ypg/sdf who are not interested in controll over the whole country and on more positive terms with the government , there is no group that is fighting for a democratic state in syria . 
   you are glossing over the fact that civilians have been helping rebels in their territory do you hold proof for the claim , that non-sunnite civilians supported the rebells offensive to capture allepo , that was named after ibrahim el-youssef , who [ massacred alevites ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aleppo_artillery_school_massacre ) in aleppo in 1979 ? 
   as for his motivation , assad has a long and well documented history of using fear to control the population . 
  the government does not require any other fear than that of the rebells winning . 
  assad still has widespread support . 
  despite predictions about a mass exodus from aleppo in case of the expulsion of al-nusra , nothing like this happened . 
  before aleppo was completely retaken , rumors of attrocities were spread in the media - 500.000 civilians were said to be starving , civilians were claimed to be murdered , so called `` activists '' were calling for a military intervention . 
  aleppo was retaken and none of these claims was ever attempted to be proven . 
  the media and political instances have gone silent on aleppo . 
  i did n't hear a single report about the per estimations 1 million people fleeing from the rebell-controlled parts of aleppo , when it was still safely held by the so called opposition . 
  at no point did the media or the political decission makers complain about people having to flee from rebell-controlled areas , rebells calling for genocides against non-sunnites . 
  before the insurgency , syria was a mostly functioning state where people of various ethnic background could coexist . 
  neither the eu , the us or any single eu state have ever voiced concern about the cleansing of rebell-held areas from non-sunnites . 
  the `` people are scared of the assad-regime '' narrative only works , if the character of the insurgents is overlooked : they are sunnite extremists whose mission is to terrorise anyone who does not belong to their own sect . 
  for the same reason , the christian population in iraq has nearly vanished and due to similar motivations , the lebanese civil war has lead to a shrinking of non-sunnite demographics .
