  had the uk any form of legitimation for beeing in syrian airspace ? 
  this is , what syria would look like now if the us had gotten their will of removing the government for the pleasure of the anti-shia agenda of their weird wahabite friends . 
  i would like to see the faces of / r/de now , that it has been confirmed that despite all cirklejerking , it was not a reactionary german . 
   voted against the quotas : 3 262 804 ( 39.49 % ) voted for the quotas : 55.624 ( 1.68 % ) it is truly ridiculous to try to reclaim people who did not vote for a position . 
  the participation for the last election for parliament was just 60 % . 
   look at the bka statistics . 
  it explicitly states that afghans commit distinctly less crimes ( crime rate ) than othrr refugee groups , together with syrians and iraqis i looked at the [ crime report for 2015 , p. 173 ] ( https://www.bka.de/shareddocs/downloads/de/publikationen/polizeilichekriminalstatistik/2015/zeitreihen/hinweisezudendaten_pdf.pdf?__blob=publicationfile&amp;v=1 ) , which shows - exluding offences against immigration laws - a number of 10.032 afghans beeing suspected for crimes in 2015 . 
  as of december 2015 , there were 131.454 ( [ source ] ( https://www.destatis.de/de/publikationen/thematisch/bevoelkerung/migrationintegration/auslaendbevoelkerung2010200157004.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ) ) afghans in germany . 
  summarized , this shows a rate of 7631 per 100.000 afghans beeing suspected of a crime . 
  for germans , [ according to this source ] ( https://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/3463/umfrage/entwicklung-der-anzahl-von-tatverdaechtigen-seit-1993/ ) , the same rate is 3064 . 
  i doubt that the numbers are in any way different and that germany has for some reason received a better batch of afghans . 
  yes . 
   i think a big part of that summary is that the tale of criminal refugee is a myth . 
  in fact on the one side people from the balkans , tunisia , algeria and morocco are more criminal than germans , but tbh i do n't really see a reason why they are refugees in the first place.on the other hand people from syria , iraq and afghanistan are less criminal than germans . 
  this is statistically wrong . 
  in austria , 6 out of 100.000 persons with austrian citizenship were reported for rape in 2014 . 
  for germans , the number was 12 per 100.000 . 
  serbians : 27 , romanians : 32 , afghans : 119 , nigerians : 136 , pakistanis : 440 . 
  afghans also appear as problematic groups for other crimes . 
  * comment : * the source can be found [ here ] ( http://diepresse.com/home/panorama/oesterreich/4900717/sexuelle-gewalt_wer-sind-die-taeter ) , it is in german , but any online translator will at least give meaningfull results . 
  the market for holiday appartments is not that large . 
  immigrants have however concentrated themselfes onto large towns . 
  they can not finance their own construction projects , therefore they are in ccompetition with the rest for the limmited ammount of flats . 
  the idea , that even 10.000 new flats could be built in any town in the next years is not realistic . 
  prices will continue to rise due to increased demand that mostly results from immigration . 
  it is also worth noting , that there are 10.000 listings on airbnb in berlin . 
  this number includes shared rooms and rooms in a flat . 
  i 'd be surpriaed if more than 1.000 flats are solely rented out to tourists without any permanent resident . 
  the scarcity of flats might be caused to a larger degree by immigration . 
  * edit : * it appears that prts of my comment dissapeared . 
  in brief , there are 10.000 airbnb listings in berlin of all types ( shared rooms , rooms ib a flat and whole flats ) . 
  i doubt that more of 1.000 flats are solely held by their owner to never reside there , but to rent them to tourists for the whole year . 
  conpared to hundreds of thousamds of immigrants , which concentrate on large towns , this number is insignificant . 
  there was a call to brigade that thread in / r/de , which has turned to a radical pro-immigration subreddit in the last months . 
  the states have influence on federal legislation via the bundesrat . 
  a state also has some power on i.e. 
  deciding how many immigrants could be relocated to and and how and where they are accomodated . 
   saying that climate change is n't real climate change is an abstract issue that is not directly relatable for many voters . 
  but when your local train station becomes a gathering point for gang or crime rises by 1/3 - such as in linz , the town where i spend half of the week - people start feeling strong negative effects on their daily lives . 
  it is natural that people will vote for the party that vows to relieve the worst and most obvious problems . 
   into perspective , this was an election for community councils where the main issues are farmers roads , parking lots and communal utilities . 
  the election in meckelnurg-vorpommern was for the state parliament , which actually has legislative powers . 
   blame everything on the \u00d6vp-fp\u00d6 government they introduced the need to hold tenders for things like the printing of postal ballots . 
  once again , the tender was won by the cheapest bidder . 
   who ca n't be bothered to take the time on that specific sunday . 
  people with higher education tend to have more responsible jobs that often require sudden changes of location . 
  that beeing said , neither the state nor any party should have a right to dictate , where one has to be on the election day . 
  voting is a right , not a duty . 
   it 's commen that postal votes favor `` greens '' ( vdb is kind of a green ) postal votes always favor more liberal candidates or parties . 
  this phaenomenon is not limited to austria - liberal voters tend to be more mobile . 
  due to this , we could argue that making postal voting more difficult would be voter suppresion . 
   austria follows the legal tradition of a `` st\u00e4ndige rechtsprechung '' which does however not stand above the legal framework . 
  the case from 1927 was also somewhat different . 
  the protocoll for the polling had been opened and closed several times and it was not clear , what was  in 1927 statistical methods were not developed in 1927 . 
  statistical tests were devloped in the 1930ies . 
  it takes some sort of special ignorance to not only ignore statistical evidence but also refer to a verdict , that has been made in a period when data analysis did not exist . 
   it was also voided for the pre mature release of the results by the interior ministry to the press which was a dubious decision , as it has no real basis in the constitution and happens likewise in other states . 
  and if you listen to the verdict given by the court , they did say that responsible are those higher up who failed to organize the counting according to the law . 
  the verdict has the problem that it claims that manipulations could have been possible when a statistical analysis shows , that this could not have been the case . 
  the verdict also claims that the possibility of a manipulation was enough to void an election while the constitution says that a manipulation must be prooven in order to void an election . 
   the ( mis ) handling of postal votes is what lead to the second round being declared void . 
  it is in question that there was any mishandling , as the verdict was about the hypothetical possibility of mishandlings - a thought that has received criticism by jurisprudents ( [ example , in german ] ( http://kurier.at/politik/inland/anwalt-noll-wahlaufhebung-als-erziehungsdiktatorische-vorgabe/208.047.073 ) . 
   whether or not fp\u00d6 representatives are to blame for the invalid election is not really that interesting if a party has its delegates sign the confirmation for the correct handling of the individual polling districts and has then the same delegates complain about errors , that they had often caused themselfes . 
  every of those errors occured in districts , where hofer was ahead . 
  often , members of the fp\u00d6 were responsible for these errors ( i.e. 
  signing something that they did not read or not showing up for something ), 
   under surveillance for being against the free and democratic order . 
  such things should be easy to proove . 
  but such a proof is not visible . 
  they have not called for any systematic changes that would be associated with nazism , i.e. 
  a totalitarian system . 
  in am currently on a solaris bus in aarhus . 
  it appears to be built quite well . 
  it is obvious that the denography of g\u00f6teborg is not sustainable any more - at some places , i.e the streetcars to places like angered it becomes difficult to find any european-looking person . 
  that beeing said , i spent some time in an area near the biskopsg\u00e5rden-quarter and although i never walked west of the tramway lines to l\u00e4nsmansg\u00e5rden , i would not have called it a problem area . 
  it is however very intereszing to see how g\u00f6teborg is divided in several areas with elder blocks of flats and a high immigrant population ( i.e wieselgrensplatsen , v\u00e4gm\u00e4stareplatsen and biskopsg\u00e5rden ) and many quarters with smaller houses and gardens where an often affluent swedish population lives . 
   austria there is already the invasive pastifastacus leniusculus , which causes similaar problems in fresh water . 
  stockholm is worth it for djurg\u00e5rden and gamla stan . 
  such moatly intact old quarters are rare to find in other countries . 
  this is the weekly test of the siren system . 
  no , i think the kampfposter on the forums of standard and probably presse have read about this theory there and relayed this to him . 
  such a complex thought is too much for strache and the fact , that he comes up with this nearly a month after the coup attempt is telling . 
  several people have made this before , there were some threads about this here . 
  he is citing stuff that others voiced two weeks ago . 
  he is literally unable to get along with anything original . 
  the police is now making details on the culprit public in a press conference . 
  * the culprit has been collecting material on shooting sprees . 
  * his gun was probably illegally purchased as the number was filed out . 
  * he appeares to have been in psychiatric treatment . 
  * his father was from iran . 
  * there are no hints on any other persons beeing involved . 
  the rumor on two additional shooters resulted from a car leaving the scene of the shooting with high speed . 
  the persons in the car were contacted and have nothing to do with the shooting . 
  * the culprit has hacked the facebook-profile of an uninvolved person and posted messages that should lure people to the scene . 
  something should be done about the spread of especially political islam . 
  the pro-erdogan-demonstrations took the issue somewhat too far . 
  actually in the video at 0:08 , he yells `` scheiss t\u00fcrken '' . 
  but after that he says , that he grew up in a `` hartz iv-region '' and further `` in der t\u00fcrkenregion , hier in hasenbergel '' ( in the turkish area , here , in hasenbergel ) . 
  there are in fact some interesting decissions on this issue . 
  but as he lacks any accent and appears tonspeak in anregiolect which i would locate in either franconia or the rhineland area , i assume that he was born in germany and raised speaking german .
