i find it genuinely surprising just how many people on this sub are anti free trade . 
  the fact that something which is simply an unbiased * fact check * of the claims made about ttip ( and even includes differing opinions saying that the benefits will be much smaller ) is on a 57 % up/downvote rating says something . 
  god made heaven and the earth , but the dutch made the netherlands . 
   do you think it is going to be beneficial in general ? 
  or is it going to a tread for the sovereignty of european people ? 
  i think that it sounds like a good thing . 
  people who do n't know what isds is seem to think that it means that any regulation a government passes can be dismissed . 
  [ all water is considered british waters ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xphl4q86t4 ) though more realistically it depends in what sort of area that you 're talking about . 
  if gas was found off the coast that could be fracked , it would be ours as long as it 's in our eez . 
  if it 's fishing , then that 's covered by the eu 's common fisheries policy . 
   the deal is a compromise between countries like the uk , willing to stretch to 50 % by 2030 , and poland and others which heavily rely on coal . 
  i think that you might have misread the sentence with regards to the uk , it 's two parts is it not ? 
  it 's rather unclear writing by the bbc , but adding a 1 ) and 2 ) :  the deal is a compromise between 1 ) countries like the uk , willing to stretch to 50 % by 2030 , and 2 ) poland and others which heavily rely on coal . 
  indeed , it 's the very fact that the uk is not dependent on coal that has peeved off some of our politicians . 
  the main target being used is renewables as a percentage of total electricity generated , not co2 emissions . 
  that means that some countries have very high percentage of renewables but , to reduce the cost , also use a lot of coal . 
  germany is one example of this and actually emits more co2 than the uk per capita because we use bugger all coal ( figures are on eurostat iirc ) . 
  til, 
  if ` net ' means after taxes then presumably it 's because we pay less in tax . 
  i too was surprised . 
  according to wikipedia a british person has won on four occasions , working out at slightly less than one per 10 million . 
  iceland is kind of off the charts though . 
  they have 300 medals per 10 million people 0_0 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world's_strongest_man, 
  well that 's what happens when you prioritise renewable energy as a percentage of total instead of reducing co2 emissions . 
  is it better than a similar google chrome app called hola better internet ? 
  she does in fact top the polls for best pm . 
  she also tops the polls of worst pm . 
  a polemicist is n't going to be the most popular politician though , so probably churchill . 
  tbf , i think that ` osterreich ' sounds cooler than laustria ' . 
  i 've seen the words ` free market ' misused so many times that i 've stopped caring . 
  these days people seem to just use ` free market ' to refer to any sort of capitalist market where prices are n't fixed , in which case his statement is correct . 
  wages dropping are the other side of the coin to having a liberal labour market policy . 
  wages drop more easily than countries with strong labour protection meaning that unemployment also tends to fall quicker and to lower levels . 
  more or less the cost of a pint in london . 
  france has n't had a budget surplus since the 1970s , but nor have they had unemployment below 7 % . 
  france needs more than a fiscal stimulus . 
  i 'd say that the french have got it right ( until renewables become cheaper than nuclear that is ) . 
  compare how much fossil fuels the french burn to how much [ the germans do ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2htbeq/germany_electricity_production_since_1985/ ) . 
  is there any reason nuclear is much more widely accepted in france ? 
  source : asterix and obelix . 
  ca n't the problems of competitiveness not be solved with structural reforms rather than leaving the euro ? 
  so germany is an england football fan ? 
  did you read the cebr report in the comment above ? 
  it accounts for that , including adjusting the figures to account for the scottish oil receipts . 
   the beneficiaries of the uk 's centralisation will not give up easily on the contrary , every time devolution gets offered to regions of england it gets refused , both the regional assemblies in 2004 and the mayoral referenda in 2011 . 
  and when devolution is forced on somewhere ( like the pcc elections ) they get incredibly low turnout . 
  gibraltar 's an overseas territory m8 , not a colony . 
  if it were n't for the wage drop then unemployment would be higher . 
  bless , but this comment chain is without a doubt the most crazy that i 've ever seen on this sub :') i 'll try go through everything you said :  this is the great neoliberal lie . 
  the austerity folks wants you to believe that cutting public spending is the only way to increase revenue . 
  i 'll give you the benefit of the doubt by presuming that you meant ` pro-austerity people think that cutting spending will reduce the deficit ' , not ` pro-austerity people think that cutting spending increases revenue ' . 
  in reality , in the debate amongst economists , there is no ` pro-austerity ' and ` anti-austerity ' camp . 
  people do n't debate whether expansionary fiscal policy exists ( because it is the logical consequence of deficit spending ) , they argue whether it is * appropriate * to a specific scenario . 
  britain at the moment is one example of a country that is not in need of a stimulus . 
  running a structural deficit to reduce the cyclical deficit is fine , but arguing that a country should run a structural deficit to reduce the structural deficit is insane and will lead to an overheated economy and a massive crash . 
   there is any number of things you can do that does n't cut welfare :  \u2022 nationalize major companies so that their profit might be used to finance the welfare state . 
   \u2022 increase taxation of corporations . 
  i should remind you that the very same people who are calling for cuts in public spending to increase revenue are spending that extra money on cutting taxes for corporations . 
  nationalise major companies then tax ... the private companies that you just nationalised ? 
  in any case , the nationalised companies would n't run a profit as there is an insane quantity of peer-reviewed literature that nationalised companies are less efficient . 
  this is n't an ideology or even a debate , it 's simply something that 's been observed . 
  speaking of which , when you were asked about examples of sucesfull nationalisations :  sure . 
  there were massive nationalization programs initiated by social democrats in both denmark and britain during the latter parts of the first half of the 20th century . 
  this included nationalization of banks , infrastructure and some key big companies . 
  this helped create the social democratic welfare states which we have today . 
  the post-war nationalisations in countries such as britain are examples of failures , not successes . 
   there were massive nationalization programs initiated by social democrats in both denmark and britain during the latter parts of the first half of the 20th century . 
   also if nationalization caused collapse than i 'm surprised that britain and denmark did n't collapse in the 50 's . 
  or that venezuela has n't collapsed now and has , in fact , reduced poverty by staggering amounts . 
   there are no problems . 
  the standard complaint is that it 'll provoke brain drain - this effect has however never been demonstrated . 
  in fact , countries with high taxation and big public sectors are more likely to attract educated people because such a system is viewed as more humane . 
  denmark and norway are great examples of this . 
   as i said neither of this has happened in denmark or norway for that matter . 
  would you care to explain to me why your hypothesis of brain drain does n't explain the fact that no educated labour is emigrating from denmark , norway or iceland en masse ? 
  denmark and norway do not have mixed economies , they have capitalist economies and do not have a greater proportion of their economy nationalised than you would expect to find in an oecd country . 
   nationalizing major companies costs no money unless the state desires to recompensate the people who lose control of the business such as investors . 
  even if they do this , the one-time expense of giving people recompense through a state determined valuation of the assets by no means exceed the enormous profits to be made for the public sector . 
  in economics the technical term for this is '' * going full retard * '' . 
  if you violate property rights this bad then investment will drop and the one-off `` profits '' made by the public sector will slowly be drained away by the extra running costs over many decades of inefficiency  apparently , you 're unaware that this so-called `` flight of capital '' has never been proven . 
  the latiff curve is a theoretical framework , created by chichago and austrian school economists and it has no practical foundation . 
  hence , it is not - scientifically speaking - even a theory . 
  a theory requires some form of practical observation of phenomena and the latiff curve has no such thing . 
  this is also wrong . 
  the tipping point at which revenue decreases is often a lot higher than some politicians admit , but it does exist and in the past sweden has been observed as an example of a country above the revenue maximising point ( but the revenue-maximising point is n't necessarily the growth-maximising point so you would n't necessarily want to be at the revenue-maximising point for extended periods anyway . 
   again you 're wrong . 
  increased corporate taxation will only be passed on to the consumer if government allows it to be . 
  it is entirely possible to tell a company that they 're not allowed to raise prices to compensate for a tax increase . 
  they can easily be forced to eat the expense themselves . 
  its just a matter of regulation . 
  ofcourse , the ideal situation is complete nationalization without compensation , since this would counter every single negative you suggest : 1 ) . 
  there would be no cost associated with nationalization . 
  no expense would be passed on to the consumer . 
  the state would garner all profits gained from running the company and could put those money to use on social welfare programs , free tuition , better schooling etc. 
   whatmore , you should reconsider the succes of venezuela . 
  keep in mind that all your information comes from right-wing media . 
  i 'd advise you to check out venezuelaanalysis.com this site is run by a professor of economics who has founded the center for economic and policy studies , as an independent source for analysis on venezuela . 
  ok , so firstly corporate tax rises will cut utility from two groups : the consumers and shareholders . 
  the precise balance between how much of the cost will be borne by consumers and how much will be borne out of lower profits is debatable , but it will come out of both . 
  price controls are terrible and this is n't a left or right wing opinion .
