should be university , but in reality now just church of bullshit . 
  try to make a game , in general game development include a lot of knowledge from different fields . 
  another implementation https://github.com/muromec/consoleargs, 
  it is very interesting what author will post if he tries to learn something more complex ? 
  read the source is most wise advice you can get . 
  php have worst community ever because most people who calls themselves `` php developers '' actually only able to copy-paste code from other place and even do n't care what code actually do . 
  `` use twisted '' means `` read source of twisted and learn how it works '' because it is good way to understand how any servers actually works . 
  i will not protect python docs , often pymotw have better practical examples , but it is not broken . 
  it is not working the php-way , you cann ' t mindlessly copy-paste . 
  you need to read and understand . 
  considering that python have wonderful introspection i totally disagree with article . 
  if you do n't like to read source code then go away and do something else you like more . 
  all the time !, 
  gameloft and ea ca n't stop crying, 
  holodomor is stupid propaganda and absolutely bullshit . 
  do n't trust wikipedia . 
  again , this is what national tv said you . 
  i do n't want to protect stalin , but so called `` holodomor '' is not something special , and want made by him . 
  people die in this area for centuries from starve but it becomes `` national problem '' only when fucking clown juschtschenko becomes president . 
  i made tutorial how to do the same with rauth http://www.vurt.ru/eng/2013/06/using-flask-and-rauth-for-github-authentication/, 
  i do n't think it is . 
  python have virtualenv and pip , ruby and node.js can install packages locally per project , and it is very convenient . 
  i do n't like how it is done in golang . 
  but probably you need to compare with c/cpp , i think then it can be excusably . 
  aslo , you do n't need to reboot windows , you can set different env variables per each command.com window ( or how it named now , did n't use windows for more then 10 years ) . 
  actually i was able to see it after quest return to cho , which was taken in raid zone after garrosh was killed . 
  i have done it in lfg . 
  can somebody explain me why jaina asked varian to kill ( ? ), 
  horde leader in alliance version of cinematics . 
  he changed his mind when saw that vol ` jin is new leader . 
  is n't she is a friend to thrall ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  i did n't played for a year , so probably miss this part of the storyline . 
  thank you . 
  crafting system nerfed , you only can craft [ thing ] , but still need to level to increase chance of getting green/blue or purple [ thing ] ( on highest level ) . 
  on high levels you can get 23g or craft , but you can use [ craft coin ] to try to craft again . 
  i checked , it is . 
  now i hate fb even more . 
  second is more mature . 
  it is my choice . 
  but is still on main page . 
  same here , i wish somebody give me a hug . 
  same here , i wish somebody give me a hug . 
  your calculations actually are not correct , but i like an idea . 
  i 've spent about $ 250 for boosters and i have 23 and 2 gold legendaries . 
  also have dusted dusted 2 or 3 . 
  that sum my collection value with your formula 23 * 50 +2 * 100 = $ 1350 not including all normal , blue and purple cards . 
  i have ipad mini ( 1st generation ) and game constantly crash . 
  another problem that i ca n't make moves the same time . 
  not sure is it only my ipad problem or that was planed , but i ca n't play miracle rogue because it is almost impossible to make all moves before time runs out . 
  every card used i need to wait for sever response and ca n't do anything . 
  icecrown lift after dreamwalker . 
  you ca n't avoid it , but if you survive it spawns whole table of spiders 3 times in a row . 
  i 've spent about $ 300 usd and was happy to pay blizzard every penny . 
  i 'm loyal customer/gamer and love to support them . 
  blizzard games are important part of my life and leisure . 
  ** tip ** : may be this tip will be useful for some people , i dunno can you exploit it in your country , but it works for me . 
  checked for europe region , also i do n't think that it is illegal . 
  with current exchange rates you will get 15-20 % more packs if you will pay in dollars or euros but will top up your blizzard wallet in russian roubles . 
  prices are fixed to looks nice , also exchange rates changed and nice price is not balanced anymore . 
  i found it after i 've spent most of money i plan , but checked 1 or 2 times . 
  i live outside of russia . 
  blizzard want to reward you to play class you do n't play much . 
  i do n't think that it should be changed , you have a choice to re-roll next day , but quests gently ask you to improve your skill with every game class . 
  at least it helps you to understand your opponents . 
  yesterday i hit legendary same way . 
  only one thing you miss :, 
  orgrimmar map :, 
  - ( bl ) click on the chimney to hear someone working and see the forge flames . 
  * one click disable smoke , second enable it again . 
  i know probably it is not convenient way , but we made a lot of aws instances an converted our data using google geo coding . 
  before we found tiger , but it need a lot of space . 
  btw we also needed hospital data and converted bloom api addresses . 
  i 've published my flask project template example , it includes ` python-social ` support and allow to build site that support facebook/github/etc user login https://github.com/xen/flask-project-template . 
  it can be extended , to login user using flask-login you generally need to check database if user from login form exists and does his password hash match one from database . 
  then call ` login_user ( user ) ` . 
  you probably already have seen https://www.openshift.com/blogs/use-flask-login-to-add-user-authentication-to-your-python-application . 
  * just make sure that you do n't store plain passwords in database . 
  it depends on what default python is used , i prefer to use 2.7 for flask , but default ` virtualenv ` on my laptop point to 3 . x version . 
  yo momma so fat that you need 2 sprints to draw her . 
  yo momma so fat tat deathwing ca n't move her . 
  i returns time , not date . 
  you should rename to gettomorrowtime . 
  i 've tried to register on openraid , since they use shitty php i waited for 2 or 3 months until they fixed bug because my chars names contains non latin letters . 
  all this time i 've check for tickets updates , tried to find a way to contact developers , posted on their forum . 
  in the end when i was able to register , i 've tried to join several raids and every time it was canceled . 
  oqueue was a bit annoying but it just work and i was free to decide when and what to do . 
  black prince reputation grind was just epic , in 1-2 hours i was done with random people . 
  youtube have its own chat , btw . 
  i wish blizzard will made philae battle pet in warcraft, 
  this is a reason why i stop play on my ipad . 
  i just give up, 
  just ended with this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhkvsmxbsl8 and can say it is very good and help me a lot . 
  i ca n't promise that i will buy full package , because i already have bought some other courses and got adp subscription but you have done great job . 
  paul , thank you very much for your job . 
  only one sad thing behind all theory . 
  even if you are brilliant player your ladder position depends not only on your skill , but mostly on time you are ready to spend in game . 
  if have only 10-15 hours per month you will never get legend . 
  period . 
  you tl ; dr sums my feelings about whole hunter class .
