  this is like saying : i 'm openly supporting the other guys . 
  or maybe she should go to a similar profession that does not require physically standing up to tipsy north african males . 
  i am sure there are other law related professions where she could make a difference but not dilute the average deterring power . 
  asking for a friend , what is the exact tea brand ? 
  also communism , moldova , transnistria , the treasure , the humiliation and brainwashing our parents and us as young kids were subjected to , gas prices as political leverage , the people forcefully sent to the gulag ( there is a romanian minority in kazakhstan ... of all places ) , ukraine/crimea . 
  shall we go on ? 
  blue ia just old people fondly remembering their youth when russian language and culture where the lingua franca , just like english is nowadays . 
  the russian orthodox church ia just kremlin 's religious wing . 
  because communism . 
  benefits !, 
  both should declare war on the usa and wait to be invaded . 
  then bicker about protestant pagans diluting the one true catholic/e-orthodox church . 
  home alone here in romania . 
  while the rapist can be prosecuted , the woman can not be unraped . 
  so a touch of common sense and self-preservation will help in many cases . 
  +1 funniest comment of the week, 
  so why are n't you leaving it already ? 
  fully agree with your shithole remark though . 
  well , renault is using an ever expanding factory in marocco . 
  so maybe it can be worked around . 
  thing is , a moroccan immigrant to germany is much more expensive than the same person in morocco . 
  think only taxes . 
  question is , did the article had it 's passport scanned or did it slip through . 
  thanks for clearing that up for me . 
  i was at a loss . 
  can somebody eli5 how come a country surrounded by the other balkans states and across a very short sea croaaing from all of italy , not to mention being across a larger sea to half of europe , n africa and the middle east has as main trading partner russia ? 
  this is not of hungarian , this is of idiot . 
  good thing they stopped him before hurting himself . 
  lift , pick up women , learn a language . 
  you got me . 
  also you do realize this was not your friendly bear playfully skirting your airspace on a training mission . 
  this plane was going to deal death to a lot more people than one pilot . 
  the burned bodies , orphaned children kind of death . 
  not the respawn next rond kind . 
  i live next to the ukraine and moldova . 
  yup . 
  it 's a `` false friend '' when speaking ro as the first language . 
  tnx, 
  mistakes happen , yes . 
  it 's not like the us has n't accidentally dropped nuclear bombs over spain , is n't it ? 
  even easier to bomb the wrong side of the border . 
  we would all feel completely different if we were living in the city 80 sec . 
  away from a fully loaded bomber . 
  and russia should return the romanian thesaurus it 's safekeeping for some decades now . 
  are them ruskies fully armed for a bombing mission and 5 min away from a 500 . k people city ? 
  sure looks better than the ambit . 
  but kind of not fitting with the two piece suit . 
  methinks sri = fbi and sie = cia, 
  but they allready can !, 
  what model is it ? 
  next door neighbor here for a more informed opinion . 
  ukraine is just as bad ( if not worse ) than russia but much poorer and less organized . 
  so could a gay person , but this it 's a commonly used argument for gay marriage . 
  it could inherit my apartment should i suddenly die . 
  otherwise the state will assign my possessions to my closest blood relatives who may not like cats very much and could kick my spose out . 
  smart woman  !, 
  god bless her soul . 
  i do get your point . 
  i find legislating `` gay marriage '' is more like switching the weekend to thursday and friday or friday to saturday because a minority of muslim immigrants feels discriminated . 
  you 're arguing around my point and making a lot of suppositions . 
  one of the reasons we ca n't have nice things is not having debate class in school . 
  the fact that i can have a consensual relationship with my cat does n't change the fact that i ca n't enjoy the same legal status as human-only relationships and get the full range of benefits . 
  `` adulterer stoning '' means the same thing as it did thousands of years ago . 
  so does the word sunday . 
  can you also share some material on homosexual relations stability please ? 
  can i visit and marry my cat ? 
  i feel discriminated against in my backwards homeland . 
  but where did glorious agnostic western culture get the word and concept of marriage from ? 
  probably from organized religion . 
  so if we 're into redefining things i 'd like to be a swedish cat and i hope the eu will see the injustice done to me and force my home country to change my id accordingly . 
  or better yet , stop with the redefining , there was enough of that east of berlin in the last 50 years and no good thing came out of it . 
  chill . 
  you will not see one immigrant during your entire stay . 
  first of all because hungary is n't getting them anymore ( praise supreme leader orban ) , second because budapest is a large city , third because you and the immigrants will probably not travel to the same places . 
  forth because it 's many of them only if they are all in the exact same place ( all going in the same direction ) but % wise they are insignificant . 
  austria - the land where people who do n't perform any meaningful work still manage to get 6 months burn out leave of absence for being overly stressed by their heavy responsibilities . 
  just pointing out / u/brichals experience is not unique . 
  yes they are . 
  when you do n't feel like doing work you just browse reddit/facebook and do n't bother anybody else  . 
  first time i ever heard of a `` whole day meeting '' i thought my lowly department is now in charge of eradicating world hunger and this is the day we decide on the plan to implement . 
  efficient in the german speaking world means being on time for the meeting start , not getting any actual results . 
  nope . 
  this is chavy in every culture . 
  how do you recognize the groom at a romanian wedding ? 
  he 's got the newest track suit . 
  the doctors , programmers etc that wanted to leave have long gone and are already employed . 
  or they are coming in by plane and staying with relatives untill they get settled in . 
  the dutch and romanian people should rise up and start working on stopping these brutal companies from making an easy profit and using cheap labour . 
  right ? 
  right ? 
  the water is getting wetter by the day . 
  a red car is a red car irrespective of who does what to it, 
  because they give off that xenophobe asshole vibe . 
  in a village they will be accepted as `` the strange looking dude who works the fields in the summer '' or `` grandma still ca n't believe how black the new doctor is every time she goes to get her subscription '' . 
  while in a capital city there is a big danger that the immigrants start walking around in groups causing trouble . 
  so then romania would get a sizable pro-russia russian-speaking ( * ) population . 
  polite green men may feel invited for the party . 
  ( * ) nothing against the russian-speaking minority living in the middle of nowhere bordering the ukraine . 
  til 95 % of people get handouts in northern europe and feel proud about it . 
  just like computing improvement led to a decrease in the number of sysadmins .
