this is what happens of you overly-integrate . 
  he 's probably also worried about hungarian-romanians asking for autonomy !, 
  yes , the friendship bridge . 
  the reason i ca n't go climbing in basarbovo and kulata as the que stretches on infinity since `` we '' started working on it ... arrgh . 
  so little , so late, 
  enraged europe would fain presa conferences and resolutions on then poor militants, 
  yes , bit working in a callcenter for a french customer might work nicely of you 're from tunisia for ex . 
  but then again , probably no french language call centers in finland , right ? 
  there was no halal at the supermarket . 
  doctors go west . 
  imams go bucharest !, 
  i used to work my ass off during university and would get 120 usd/month . 
  now you understand why we in ee think the refugees are a bunch of ungrateful s.o.b. 
  throwing food back at the police ... 
  send in the riot control , get some sense into them and then off to whatever work you can do i your only asset is speaking english and using a computer . 
  fieldwork basically . 
  io na pot !, 
  can i send my parents as refugees to hungary ? 
  after working and paying taxes all her life my mom gets 300 euros pension, 
  romanian food allowance for a refugee ia 2 euro/day . 
  the bread and water they threw back at hungarian police will be sorely missed . 
  being a civil war , everybody ia a jihadiat . 
  you just get assigned a side and then ho shopt at your neighbours ) . 
  you can be romanian and never speak the romanian language if you live in a county where hungarians make a sizable minority . 
  once a minority goes over a certain % the state needs to speak and write your language , and there is education up to university level thought in it . 
  and nobody blows anybody up . 
  the problem is when your basic understanding of how the world should work differs from the rest . 
  thus the roma . 
  and now the refugees ... 
  integrated roma are most often indistinguishable from the general population . 
  so basically never, 
  romania , in a war , with russia ? 
  moldova was part of the ussr , romania was n't . 
  this man speaketh the truth . 
  also compare georgia to armenia . 
  none are better . 
  and this is how you get either authoritarian regimes or little green men at you door . 
  the population has enough and they demand : a strong hand . 
  or maybe they just lack manners . 
  they will jump their kids and their wives off the ferry first . 
  and then you realise sweden refugee benefits   romanian minimum wage . 
  bad parisian suburbs with a major north african population, 
  cocalar - male pitzipoanca / pitzi - female romania, 
  i personally know a few refugees that now live in romania and they all seem to work for a living . 
  i 'm guessing not having a great welfare system does have the advantage of weeding the wrong people out . 
  worldstarhiphop is on equal terms.with `` only in russia '' videos for providing quality workplace entertainment . 
  friendliest country i ever had the pleasure of visiting . 
  including the evening spent in a police station thanks to a misunderstanding . 
  absolutely outstanding . 
  i will certainly be back many times more as there are mountains to climb and beaches to visit !, 
  also much safer then for example paris at night . 
  being romanian ... russia we do n't like . 
  nothing against the russian people , but russia ... niet . 
  do not worry . 
  shall little green men show up in the baltics or in poland thebeu leaders will issue stern warnings in no uncertain terms . 
  easy solution . 
  jail the husband for child abuse and statutory rape . 
  take the kids , put them in separate foster homes . 
  enroll girl in a women 's studies program . 
  she does get [ remixed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vn24ekgdfbo ) quite often though, 
  conveniently nobody !, 
  if they speak spanish or italian they can easily learn romanian . 
  it took my dominican friend an easy 6 months to be fluent . 
  he has an accent but it 's less noticeable than romanian hungarians . 
  for each it or automotive engineer that has as much spare cash as his uk colleagues there is a poor ex-factory worker from a monoindustrial zone helping to achieve the average . ro salary . 
  as i allways tell my foreign colleagues , ging clubbing in downtown bucharest once a month does n't tell you much about romania . 
  i 've felt more in danger in central paris than ever in the cacasus . 
  hungary is building a fence between them and transylania . 
  so either theybare hinking `` internal border '' or really nobody in hu thinks about transylvanya as hu land . 
  and can you blame them  ? 
  just the title and the content . 
  how uneuropean of them . 
  i 'm shocked russian propaganda has reached this far . 
  - bureaucracy can be self serving , petty and plain `` wrong '' without the need for malevolence . 
  the wheels turn , the kpis are met , the reports are sent out but the end result can be totally off . 
  it happens at any company that goes over a few thousand employees and it can easily happen in public services because civil servants are hired for life ( more or less ) . 
  - i 've seen hjernevask , thank you very much  . 
  what if a magazine would publish gay-bashing cartoons or conclude that women should primarily work in the home ? 
  would that be ok also ? 
  because they all rebranded themselves as progressive left . 
  i say , how about guns without bullets ? 
  lots of synergies in this line of thinking !, 
  but i find pre-bigbang scientific explanations to also be speculative at best . 
  chosing one ot the other is down to one 's worldview and not the other way around . 
  * trusting of the bureaucracy * opaque in arguments * unable to understand differently minded people * oil based economy * high taxes * extreme political correctness/social justice * sheltered, 
  god also created time itself . 
  so there is no concept of before when speaking about god . 
  this ammounts to child abuse . 
  the kid should be confiscated !, 
  yes , but do you see any north african immgrants deep in rural germany ? 
  now looking at bruxelles . . different matter, 
  where is femen when you need them :(, 
  it 's two different things . 
  and there is no shortage of populism in western europe either . 
  but this does not mean poland 's concerns are not legitimate . 
  the refugee problem was largely ignored when it was just spain and italy 's headache remember ? 
  russia can easily establish it 's very own discriminated minority in poland and then scream about it on all channels . 
  and all the useful idiots will cheer on while the eu issues `` stern warnings '' and `` harsh statements '' . 
  i mean no disrespect , by from this side of the continent it looks like westerneu lost it 's survival instincts some time ago . 
  why is the police chief worried about political agendas ?
