  why do people always see ( wrong ) implications . 
  i do n't blindly trust brussels , why should i. 
  but them foreseeing an economical crisis 60 years ago and then waiting for it * just to create a dictatorship * sounds insane to the limit ? 
  it 's a mix . 
  europe needs to be united to survive , this is a fact . 
  either we learn to stick together or we 'll be eaten with chopsticks , i ca n't believe you do n't see this . 
  i upvoted you because you 're like a sad troll as nobody gets flamed over your '' ( indebited country ) pay your debts '' and people laugh instead , so it 's a sympathy karma point . 
  but keep trying , this strategy of `` pay your debts '' has prime ministers shaking and deep rethinking . 
  i smell tinfoil , friend . 
   i do not mean to imply that the media is to blame well i do , they 've got fear to sell and paper to write . 
  and yes , that scares the economy as a whole , not just the consumer part . 
  seriously , why ca n't they cover some celebrity thing instead ? 
  at least it 's harmless , or surely less harmful than this . 
  you know they wo n't be covering this from a serious and expert point of view , that 's not what the common man wants - he wants to feel informed without actually bothering to educate himself . 
   ( that said it should n't be terribly difficult for a native italian speaker to master it . ), 
  it always sounded to me like a drunken sailor swearing , but i always thought `` hey , if this brings the world together , so be it '' . 
  as a fellow ita , this or french since they 're both very close . 
  especially if you know latin . 
  i suppose germans wo n't have a hard time learning nordic languages since they 're related , etc, 
  it 's like / r/europe is a bar where we like to hang and you 're the grandma telling us to get back to work `` demmit '' . 
  i like how nobody really answered your question , 
  if i recall right there was some intention to remove the 500 one because it was mostly used for money laundering . 
  damn dubbing , it 's also a very easy tool for censorship . 
  truly an opiate of the masses . 
  indeed you do . 
  if it 's any consolation italians speak with their hands and are so intuitive you really wo n't have problems as long as you know key words or want to discuss deep philosophy . 
  [ here 's a sicilian singer ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbqn194j0ky ), 
  for example many sicilians consider themselves north african . 
  it also depends on what you mean by white - from a scandinavian pov we 're all blacks etc, 
  that 's more like it !, 
  he 's just being cool and `` correct '' . 
  no , my god they do * not * . 
  at least not universally . 
  here 's someone who 's done his homework !, 
  it really does n't matter who , in terms of name and surname . 
  we even have a saying , `` it 's the occasion that makes the man thief '' . 
  in the end it boils down to convenience , like writing pros and cons on a piece of paper . 
  that 's mostly bad news for countries like spain , italy ... because changing a single politician is easy , changing the whole country is nearly impossible . 
  especially if brains flee . 
  generally criminals this big do n't go to jail , never . 
  it 's complex and besides , who cares in the end . 
  it 's not like putting him in jail would do any good to anybody , he 's just a notorious face of a very entrenched system after all . 
  i 'd trade his incarceration with even a minor radical reform anytime . 
  of course not , much worse . 
  * sigh * ... came here to say this . 
  yes , because the only reason people are unemployed in a wealthy and rich place like greece is because they `` fail at life '' . 
  american propaganda much , or are you plain stupid ? 
  surely the greek people are to blame for many things ( as are italians ) but saying that will just make you look like a fool . 
  * ( i understand the 3 comments above , just thought i 'd add something ), 
  that 's funny , the same happened to me at the same time . 
  except i 'm relatively very near the quake . 
   i used all my brain fibers and focused them on thinkie-thingies lol nice comeback  unfortunately , my sarcasm detection is way off . 
  its get distracted by all the light reflected on the shiny waxed italian asses . 
  i do n't get this one :\\  on topic : i do n't think northern europe is in any way superior . 
  that 's your opinion , friend . 
  you were right , however : nobody should be downvoted because you disagree with him , it 's in the [ reddiquette ] ( http://www.reddit.com/help/reddiquette ) . 
   he is likely referring to his own country . 
  that 's some genius sparkle right there champ . 
  how did you figure this out ? 
  do your cops beat prisoners silly on a regular basis and then cover up everything , with a 99 % rate of success ? 
  are they clearly , openly fascists ? 
  are your prisons so fucked up even the custodians hang themselves ( not to mention the prisoners rate of suicide ) ? 
  this is what i 'm talking about , just to put things in context . 
  that was an interesting read ; i have n't stopped to consider that obviously , even your penal system is superior . 
  makes you wonder why you even want to be associated with a europe that has pigs in it . 
  in some cases , more recent than we like to think . 
  if you want to play this historically , better take a cup of coffee . 
  wait , if bavaria is `` south european scum '' ... 
  first and biggest ball : spqr . 
  why did you just have to invade rome you savages . 
  look what happened after that !, 
  / r/firstworldproblems, 
  after ww2 italy became a republic and in 1947 the constitution declared all the royal dynasty members exiled , never to set foot here again , ever ; the money and possessions were taken by the state . 
  2007 , out of nowhere a prince claims 260 million euros to be given to `` a charitable donation '' . 
  i think this is once again something that could only happen here , of all the places in the world . 
   people complains , but entrepreneurs and families continue to hire those people because they 're cheaper not to excuse the swiss , but this happens all over the world . 
  no exceptions . 
  someday we 'll be waking up to find the rest of europe overrun by pirates . 
  europe is making an economic suicide because they do n't have big brains like us americans , they believe in socialism and are ultracommunists . 
  more news on fox , stay tuned . 
  ( why is this being upvoted anyway ? ), 
  yes but that 's not the point . 
  italy does n't even have that great number of parties ... it 's not * that * our biggest problem !, 
  it 's more complicated than `` many = good , few = bad '' . 
  american politics are n't a joke because of the bipartisan division , either . 
  eurotreasure 's comment is just another quick jab taken in pure ignorance, 
  it was a colony of ours during wwii, 
  well that 's sad . 
  best of luck ... 
  so basically once you 're out of college you got ta run for your life ? 
  is that really bad like i 'm thinking , hicks all around and everything ? 
  not one single bit on this one . 
  on principle , fuck you, 
  yes sorry , i meant that it 's sad that there 's even a small demographic thinking that . 
  german precision , 
   watching them demonstrate is at the same time hilarious and sad . 
  there 's a great term in german , do n't know if it exists elsewhere , of `` champagnerlinke '' ( roughly `` champagne leftist '' ) . 
  spot-on . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/radical_chic that being said , it 's sad that france thinks like that . 
  it 's also unbeliavably offensive to those who lived under ussr et similia ... and told me what it was like .
