i 'm not saying it is n't , i 'm saying that ( most ) post-soviet nations that have n't joined the eu are better than they used to be , too . 
  so i 'm not seeing the huge benefits of joining . 
  what did it ? 
  i 'm not seeing any significant differences in trends from the post-soviet nations . 
  it 's a case of mutually problematic relationship . 
  azerbaijan is an islamic country and a dictatorship ( real one , not the toothless russian version ) , and it 's locked in a perpetual conflict with armenia . 
  so it 's not like anyone 's rushing head over heels to grab it . 
   the bad side it being a political arrangement lacking sufficient supervision and different needs of different countries all locked into this one system as far as i see it , the eu is primarily acting in the interests of the most developed nations , as evidenced by the fate of the less lucky southern nations . 
  ukraine obviously does not belong to those . 
   but it is also being rapidly reformed and hopefully within the next decade , it will become fully functional , coordinated and well regulated . 
  only if it moves from being a confederation towards federalism , in which case joining it will mean giving up sovereignty as a nation . 
   even if ukraine signed a fta today , it would still be 15 years from full eu membership and that 's optimistic - let alone joining the eurozone duly noted ; the trick here is that the pro-eu propaganda presents the agreement as if it means western european prosperity , like , next year . 
  if you remember the late 80ies , the nationalist propaganda in the ukrainian ssr claimed the same : `` look at our coal , steel and grain production numbers compared to germany and france , where is all that going ? 
  let 's gain independence from the parasitic russia and become a second france ! '', 
  see where that led them . 
   ukraine has a chance to enter a fta with the world 's largest market or join an organization where it would continue to be russia 's vasal . 
  a free trade agreement with a much stronger economy , what can possibly be better for building your own production , right ? 
  besides , claiming that ukraine is a russian vassal is just hilariously wrong , it 's not russia ordering ukraine around on its internal justice matters , after all . 
  actually , the members of the customs union are not russian vassals , either : all countries have equal votes in the union council . 
   russia has showed nothing but bullying and cold-war rhetoric towards ukraine so far russia has informed ukraine that the privileges it enjoys for historic reasons , like free access to the russian market ( which makes up a significant part of ukrainian trade , some 30 % ; the customs union countries account for about 70 % of it ) or visa-free access for its citizens ( which accounts for the vast majority of ukrainian labour migration ) are privileges , not obligations , and are not to be taken for granted . 
  a cold-war tactic would be invading the country to remove the forces of counter-revolution from power ; or , say , nuclear blackmail . 
   while the eu and us talk of development aid and joining a massive trade area actually , nope . 
  as yanukovich claims , ukraine will need some 100 to 500 bn to switch to european industrial standards , the eu has openly said that it 's not planning to compensate any of it . 
  as for a massive trade area - see my initial comment , what does ukraine produce that the eu wants , and what does it have that russia wants ? 
  none of the high-tech ukrainian products are needed in the eu - or what , is eurocopter buying motorsich engines , when kamov and mil do n't anymore ; or is the eu switching from airbuses to antonovs ? 
   are european politicians conducting real-politik here from an angle i can not see or are they genuinely considering droping ukraine for a blown-up humanitarian issue concerning one person . 
  no doubt the timoshenko issue will be downplayed if it 's left unresolved , which is why i think this whole story is far from over ; but currently it 's not the eu turning ukraine down , it 's ukrainian government making a sudden u-turn that i ca n't grasp . 
  no doubt . 
  which it does n't now . 
  privileges like twenty years of gas supplied for your internal consumption at reduced prices which you routinely resold , making billions yearly . 
  or open access to the markets of the customs union , which amounts to seventy percent of ukrainian trade . 
  or visa-free access for your citizens , which sends the vast majority of your labor migration our way . 
  should i continue , or is this enough ? 
  as for timoshenko being a putin 's crony , wow , that 's a good one . 
  have you forgotten the peremoga celebrations held throughout the ukrnet when she signed the contract , outwitting the moskali ? 
  in my understanding , blackmail is threatening to do something harmful and unlawful , or not to uphold your obligations . 
  russia is under no obligation to provide ukraine with the benefits it has been providing it so far , so what 's the issue with explaining that those are not to be taken for granted ? 
  even joining the eu , much less a one-sided agreement like the one currently discussed , is far from a panacea . 
  as i said in a parallel thread , yeah , sure , there are benefits to be had , at least from full membership , but look at the baltic states ' industrial and social development , or the pigs in an endless crisis without the most effective monetary instruments of regulating their economies thanks to being in th euro zone , and you 'll see that it can also bring significant downsides . 
  i ca n't see why ukraine would benefit more from the agreement than lose from it , given its current situation . 
  i fail to see how warning that the privileges that ukraine enjoys simply for the sake of shared history can be revoked is blackmail . 
  there is no alternative to buying russian exports that the eu is n't pursuing . 
  no reputable survey agency , independent or state-owned , has ever placed putin 's support below 60 % . 
  there were violations during the elections , but the results are highly consistent with the opinion polls . 
  because it 's a large and relatively poor country , supposedly . 
  at least the rhetorics so far are pretty clear : association agreement is a go , eu membership any time soon is a no . 
  opening the ukrainian market to the eu goods is doing nothing for jobs and economic growth , minding that the european economy is significantly more developed than the ukrainian one . 
  since the ukrainian companies will be at a disadvantage when competing against the european ones , and minding that most of ukrainian high-tech exports go to russia ( and most of ukrainian trade goes to the customs union states ) , it 's easier for me to understand why ukraine would decide against the agreement than why it would choose to sign it . 
  but is there any indication that the eu wants ukraine as a member ? 
  joining the eu could have its benefits , undoubtedly ( although it 's bringing a bunch of new problems as well , as evidenced by the other eastern european eu members ) . 
  the thing is , joining the eu is not on the agenda , and it 's hard to see how the offered agreement is benefitting ukraine in any significant way . 
  pah , i 'm not concerned with imaginary points as long as the core of my argument is not logically refuted . 
  as for not being pro-eu , i ca n't say i 'm not : i 'm all for it , and wish it all the best in setting the periphery countries from iceland , ireland and pigs to the south-eastern new members straight . 
  same as i wish all the best to ukraine : after all , as most russians , i have relatives there . 
  i just ca n't see how an association agreement with the eu is benefitting ukraine , minding that the customs union accounts for most of its trade and the vast majority of its labor migration , and that russian economy , unlike the european , is somewhat dependent on the ukrainian high-tech exports , which makes russia interested in supporting ukrainian industry . 
  or what , is the eu buying antonov planes ? 
  eurocopter buying motorsich engines ? 
  moreover , ukrainian politicians themselves are saying that moving to comply with the eu norms is costing its industry anywhere from 100 to 500 bn , which the eu is not going to compensate - how 's that helping the economy already mostly built on thirty-year old soviet machinery to compete against the european one , the most developed in the world ? 
  same as they had followed stick and carrot from the eu before . 
  this is all turning into a sad farce . 
   lol this above quote is just pathetic you sound like your silly generals ... sorry . 
  nothing to be sorry about . 
  you can gobble up the propaganda if you want , or you can , for instance , [ read how it 's made ] ( http://exiledonline.com/how-to-screw-up-a-war-story-the-new-york-times-at-work/ ) . 
   some captured 18 yr old russian kids were released by the chechen fighters on the promise that they wo n't ever fight again , and they ran crying for their moms . 
  and most captured 18 yr old russian kids were pumped full of drugs , had their limbs cut off , and were stuck on poles around russian fobs . 
   that was an example of a military disaster showing that the army was run by complete morons oh , you mean , at the time an alcoholic backed by the west ruled the country , and allowed berezovsky to make his little side biz on the war ? 
  you do n't say . 
  still , the numbers are there , and i 'm yet to see a more believable alternative . 
   the civilian losses in iraq were mostly caused by other iraqis , who committed suicide bombings , not the us . 
  source , please ( not even mentioning that the suicide bombings and the sectarian warfare and all the good stuff did not happen under the bloody fist of cruel dictator saddam ) . 
   better to compare the two afghan wars then never mind that almost thirty years separate them , or that the terrorists then were openly supported , trained and supplied by the nato and its allies ( and china ) . 
  why not compare the soviet afghanistan war to the wwii while you 're at it , it 's about as far from as the american operation . 
  good going , fantastic and very convincing arguments . 
  10/10 , any loony would believe . 
  how about you eat shit and die ? 
  minding that the georgians ' goal was explicitly eradication of ossetians as a nation , and that 's what sparkled the wars for independence in 92-93 , yeah , had russia not interfered , it 'd be a total genocide . 
  ps : there never was as many caucasians and central asians as britain and france killed in their colonies , to begin with . 
  you 're delirious . 
  soviet union did mass repressions , but none of those were stopped or ended in a genocide - that is , a death of a nation . 
  also , the britain and france who joyfully slaughtered the people of colour in their colonies ? 
  that 's what they did , and they had their genocide stopped . 
  actually , it 's by far not the first case : see the genocides of slavs in the balkans or the armenian genocide . 
    russian troops massacred russian civilians in grozny  i did n't say they were massacred targetedly haha . 
  by the time russian forces arrived , let me repeat myself here , the number of russians to remain was negligible due to the ethnic genocide that had been performed by the chechen terrorists . 
   russian official casualty figures : well i think you know how reliable those were . 
  oh , but the us casualties are the epitome of truthfulness . 
  not once has a us official lied on camera . 
  if you have better figures , though , ones not coming from terrorists , you 're welcome to provide . 
   they claimed grozny is controlled by russian forces while televisions around the world showed chechen fighters dancing around burnt out tanks as the georgian campaign has shown , the televisions around the world show whatever is needed . 
  and no , controlling the city does not mean cleaning out every yard and house . 
   maybe they just more sincere about them in the second one , who knows ... second war casualties are again three to one compared to the coalition one to one ( same again in afghanistan ) . 
  the civilian losses are also in the same proportion - about one and a half to two times more dead from the actions of the civilized west . 
  i heard something about unprecedented atrocities ? 
   as i remember russian troops massacred russian civilians you are delirious , pure and simple . 
  while you could argue there were war crimes against the chechens , this claim is just out there . 
   face it , the russians not only fought very incompetent and were decimated by the chechen fighters first chechen war military casualties : 5732 russian vs 17391 chechen , about 1 for 3 . 
  iraq war military casualties : 24219 coalition vs 28821 iraq , about 1 for 1 . 
  you were saying ? 
   they put the serbs and other balkan war participants to shame regarding the extent of crimes first chechen war civilian casualties : 50 to 80 thousand by different estimates . 
  iraq war civilian casualties : 110 to 600 thousand by different estimates .
