   after france come on over to croatia so you can truly relax . 
  we only have normal people here . 
  really ? 
  where did all the croatians go ? 
  well , i can see why someone crazy enough might want to die for isis . 
  they want to be heroes , they want honor and glory and fame , they think that it 's the right thing to do , and they believe that they 'll go straight to the paradise after they die . 
  but why would anyone want to become a sex slave ? 
  that 's true , but it seems possible to me that some of them are fanatic enough that they actually * want * to die and become martyrs . 
  but i find it very hard to believe that any of the women going there are hoping to become sex slaves . 
  technically it * is * an anomaly . 
  the wast majority of muslims are n't isis members . 
  yeah , but women who go there most likely become sex slaves . 
  i do n't think that 's what most of them want . 
  oh i have many , but being born on the right continent is n't one fo them . 
  yeah , but it 's not my achievement is it ? 
  why would i be ? 
  it 's not an achievement , i just happened to be born here . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  why would i lie ? 
  this is the internet !, 
  we are all anonymous here , and free to share our feelings without worry of social judgement . 
  yeah , that 's true . 
  but i feel neither disgusted nor ashamed . 
  why would i feel disgusted ? 
  except the finns and the japanese , because we happened to be fighting on the same side , which magically made us all racially pure aryans . 
  what do you mean by `` meta-emotions '' ? 
  that depends on the country . 
  i mean , i can believe that many romani are the same color as italians , but i do n't think many of them are as light as finns . 
  the near perfect comics . 
  he probably means arabs and berbers . 
  what the fuck ?? 
   if something is `` too homosexual '' for russia , it 's probably too homosexual for the west , but westerners are more willing to suffer in the name of tolerance . 
  or maybe we just do n't give a shit about what other people do unless it somehow hurts us . 
  yeah , you 're a social democrat . 
  the socialists wanted to get rid of capitalism , and they were also very anti-drugs and anti-gay . 
  yeah , it seems likely to me that the kreml is funding both the extreme right , the antifa and probably the islamists too . 
  second year of * lukio * in 2015 . 
  in the wikipedia article you linked it says that * `` before and during the continuation war finland handed over about 500 pows and refugees to germans operating in northern finland and northern norway , who probably executed all of them . 
  about 10 % of those handed over were jewish . 
  '' * that would mean that about 50 jewish pows were extradited . 
  so my saying that `` some dozens '' of jewish pows were handed over was accurate . 
   it was only recently that it was found out that finland actually deported some jews to nazi germany during the war i learned this in school . 
  eight austria jewish refugees and some dozens of russian jewish prisoners of war , to be exact . 
  i was banned for claiming that finland is an independent country and has the right to join nato should we want to . 
  that 's just sad . 
  stalin had millions of russians killed , and this guy calls him a saint ? 
  shit , i messed up . 
  yeah , hungary . 
  there 's a finnish joke about this : a long time ago our ancestors came to europe . 
  the smart ones stayed in hungary . 
  the stupid ones continued walking to the north and settled in estonia . 
  and the real big idiots came to finland . 
  edit : hungary , not ukraine, 
  that sub is really fucking biased . 
  it * is * a fact though . 
  allow me to explain : intelligence correlates with education . 
  studying and learning new things actually changes a persons brain , because it forces the brain to build new connections . 
  thus a person who completes university education is likely more intelligent than someone who never had the opportunity to learn to read . 
  now , on average white people are more educated than black people , especially on global scale . 
  most black people live in africa , where the education situation is quite dire in many countries . 
  in europe practically all children go to school for at least nine year , while in africa many never have the chance . 
  furthermore , receiving sufficient nutrition during childhood and puberty is good for brain development . 
  many african children suffer from nutritional deficiencies , which can affect intelligence . 
  finally , stress greatly lowers an individuals cognitive capacity . 
  a who lives in a conflict ridden area like congo or somalia is more likely to experience extreme stress . 
  so we can conclude that the differences between races are mostly not caused by genetic factors , but circumstantial ones . 
  because of the same reasons people are now much more intelligent on average than their ancestors were . 
  you know , it 's kinda bad taste to joke about news like this . 
  your comment is n't fun . 
  if you wan na have a conversation or express an opinion , then do that . 
  but your `` edgy '' attempts at sarcasm do n't really contribute to the conversation . 
  i did n't say that . 
  what i said was that if all white people shared a culture , then that would mean that i share a culture with many random americans simply because they happen to be white . 
  it 's the media , it 's * supposed * to make fun of everyone !, 
  you do n't like comedy or what ? 
  do n't forget catholics massacring protestants and vice versa . 
  exaclty !, 
  i 'm actually mildly offended by the suggestion that i share a culture with random swedes , americans , russians and australians just because we happen to have the same amount of melanin . 
  i 'm pretty sure that using swans is prohibited in the geneva convention . 
  those birds are fucking vicious . 
  i do n't mean to nitpick , but ireland was created in 1916 and finland in 1917 , so it would be during ww1 rather than after . 
  cool fact anyways . 
  edit : during ww1 , not ww2 , damnit, 
  what did they do ? 
  what 's `` honorary defense '' ? 
   nobody is willing to go to war with russia !, 
  speak for yourself . 
  if russia invades finland like they did with ukraine , sure as hell there will be war . 
  war is bad , but getting annexed would probably be much worse . 
  i would n't want my country to turn into chechnya . 
  do n't you know ? 
  we * are * the mongols . 
  ukraine did n't attack russia . 
  nah , that 's not the only choice . 
  the finnish army exists to make any invasion too slow and expensive to be profitable , so that whoever is doing the invading will soon decide that it is n't worth it and make peace . 
   i hope they would never be used . 
  well , i hope that the radioactive ashes of my incinerated corpse will fly over the border , and right down your imperialistic throat . 
  so let me get this straight : you think that if russia invades finland and we do n't resign , we are guilty of attacking russia and should all be killed ? 
   that 's why going to war with us is probably not the best idea . 
  but if you or your allies would attack , all means would be used against you .
