  its similar to the front national in france . 
  they 're against immigrants and multiculturalism and support so called `` traditional values '' ( family , patriotism , community ) . 
  they 're very conservative and are against the eu and the nato . 
  however , their views on economy tend to be quite socialist . 
  a lot of neonazis are member of the party . 
  most : good free education and free school lunches for everyone in primary and secondary and gymnasium least : we care waaaay too much about what people from other countries think about finland . 
  we have a huge inferiority complex for some reason . 
  yeah , actually i believe quite a lot of stuff about russia that is borderline conspiracy theory . 
  at least for a while there was a popular conspiracy theory that the kreml hires people to write russia glorifying comments on the internet . 
  now i think it 's pretty much been confirmed to be true . 
  yeah , but there 's got to be something fishy about it , i mean , it just seems way too convenient that none of the cctv 's in that area worked and that a goddamn chechen confessed . 
  i personally think that every child should have the right to free education including university . 
  basic health care should also be accessible to everyone . 
  i guess rich americans think it 's more important to make sure that the lazy poor people do n't get any of their money . 
  i know nutella , prada , ferragamo , dolce gabbana and gucci . 
  i do n't think any of them are very popular here . 
  yeah , i used to know a kid from a super religious family who watched that 2 . 
  nope . 
  i do n't think nationality is about blood , really . 
  it does n't matter where you come from , you belong to the society where you feel at home and which you understand . 
  so an integrated immigrant of somali origin is a lot more finnish than some random american who happened to have a finnish great-great-grandfather . 
  i would n't be surprised to find out that the kreml ordered the assassination of boris nemtsov . 
  edit : association to assassination, 
  partly . 
  part of it is in europe . 
  oh , i misunderstood what you meant . 
  a lot of finnish names originally come from the names of saints and biblical characters , like , like eeva ( eve ) , katariina ( catherine ) , matti ( matthew ) and juha ( john ) . 
  then there are names that are finnish words , like : ( girl names ) aamu ( morning ) , rauha ( peace ) , aura ( plow ) , tuuli ( wind ) , lumi ( snow ) , meri ( sea ) , marja ( berry ) , sini ( blue ) , lempi ( love ) , vilja ( grain ) , ilona ( joy ) , usva ( mist ) , kielo ( lily of the valley ) , kaisla ( reed ) , pihla ( rowan ) , suvi ( summer ) , hilla ( cloudberry ) , sisko ( sister ) , satu ( fairly tale ) , taru ( legend ) , varpu ( twig ) , ( boy names ) oiva ( great ) , uljas ( gallant ) , jalo ( noble ) , mainio ( great ) , urho ( courageous ) , onni ( luck/happiness ) , sulo ( gracious ) , valo ( light ) , otso ( bear ) , touko ( may ) , pyry ( blizzard ) , aatos ( thought ) , aarre ( treasure ) , otava ( ursa major ) , armas ( beloved one ) , veli ( brother ) , vesa ( sprout ) , voitto ( victory ) , heimo ( tribe ) then there are names that come from finnish mythology like ( girls ) aino , rauni , annikki , mielikki , kyllikki , marjatta , terhi , ( boys ) ahti , ilmari , sampo , ukko , sampsa , jouko , kalervo , kauko , tapio , v\u00e4in\u00f6 edit : i added some more names, 
  but are white and black americans that much more different ? 
  or latin americans ? 
  celsius , obviously . 
  celsius is based on the boiling and freezing point of water . 
  fahrenheit is n't based on anything , some dude just pulled it out of his ass . 
  and then there are the swedish speaking finns , the sami and the roma who all have their own languages . 
  there are a bunch of stereotypes about all these groups . 
  for example , finns proper are uptight idiots , karelians are talkative and outgoing , tavastians are really slow , savonians are super laid back , bottnians like to fight and drink and stab people and kainuulaiset and laplanders are uncivilized hillbillies . 
  and the swedish speaking finns are all rich snobs with old money , sami all heard reindeer and roma steal everything and also stab each all the time . 
  and those who live in helsinki are entitled idiots who look down on everyone else . 
  basically a bunch of petty nonsense . 
  seems practical . 
  women in finland do n't have to change their name when they get married though , it 's a choice , as is the surname of the children . 
  a tragic chain of events , alliances , new weapons and weird attitudes caused a war . 
  russia fought in the war , which caused a lot of problems that contributed to the revolution , which helped finland gain its independence while russia was busy having a revolution . 
  i do n't know any . 
  some of the best food i 've ever eaten has been from indian restaurants . 
  i also love traditional indian architecture and clothing . 
  i do n't know much of the indian government other than that they have a huge corruption problem . 
  i think most people uses teflon i.e. 
  we all just watch the simpsons . 
  i 'm pretty sure it is , netherlands is much further away and i really do n't know how we 'd get a loanword from them . 
  even more confusing , swedish speaking finns call them `` semla '' . 
  for finns , `` semla '' is a like bread roll . 
  for swedes , semla is a sweet bun filled with whipped cream . 
  so finns sometimes go to sweden and they wan to order a bread roll with ham , which they call `` skinksemla '' , but swedes get all confused because to them it sounds like the finns are ordering a sweet bun with whipped cream and ham . 
  btw , there are a lot of random loanwords from russian that are slang words in finnish . 
  we have `` voda '' ( water ) , `` pohmelo '' ( hangover ) , `` sontikka '' ( umbrella ) and `` mesta '' ( place ) . 
  then there 's my favorite , `` prenikka '' ( medal ) which apparently comes from the russian word '' \u041f\u0440\u044f\u043d\u0438\u043a '' ( prjanik ? 
  ) , a type of gingerbread . 
  neanderthal too . 
  i 've never heard of it . 
  yeah , they go to estonia to buy cheap booze and give us all a shitty reputation . 
  we have some tiny anarchist groups who like to break shop windows and have petty street fights on independence day . 
  corporal punishment is actually legal in many places in the us . 
  parents get to beat their children , and in some states teachers get to beat their students . 
  no , that 's creepy . 
  it 's not the hair or eye color , but there are some combinations of certain facial characteristic that you only really see on finns . 
  like the shape of the face and eyes and nose . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  sometimes . 
  some people just look very finnish . 
  it 's hard to describe , but there are certain facial characteristics that are a give away . 
  in finland they 're all owned by the state , so no . 
  i do n't really no any chinese people , so hard to say . 
  rich and extremely old culture , beautiful traditional clothing , art and architecture , food is also great 3 . 
  nightmarish human rights situation, 
  it 's the oldest city in finland , as it was established in the 13th century and it was the capital city of finland for 700 years when finland was a province of sweden . 
  it 's a culturally significant city with a huge ass medieval castle and a huge ass medieval church , which are pretty significant in a historically poor country with not many great old cultural landmarks . 
  it 's where the first finnish university was established , and the bishop of finland was there , so it was the cultural center of finland for 700 years . 
  then in the 19th century sweden lost finland to russia and the tzar thought that turku was too far away from st petersburg and made helsinki , a much younger city established in 1550 , the new capital city . 
  so i guess people like to mock turku because of a mixture of inferiority complex and jealousy . 
  there 's also a stereotype of people from turku being uptight and snobbish and the dialect sounds really funny . 
  but it 's just friendly teasing , nothing serious . 
  without the winter war finland would be quite a bit bigger . 
  we lost 12 % of our land area to the soviet union , and never got it back . 
  yeah , apparently it 's pretty common for newly independent countries to plunge into a brutal civil war . 
  the same thing happened in a lot of african countries after they became independent . 
  literally all your comments are defending either russia or the kreml . 
  are you a paid troll or something ? 
  you do realize that not all european countries were lucky enough to be allies with the soviet union 70 years ago ? 
  in fact , many countries were still occupied by the soviet union only 25 years ago . 
  so you think it would be okay for your country to invade an independent country like nepal , kenya or sierra leone if they decided that they no longer wish to have british military bases on their soil ? 
  because russia invading georgia or crimea is the same kind imperialism as britain invading kenya would be . 
  yeah , it 's so stupid . 
  i mean , the soviet union fell ages ago and we 've all been free to criticize russia without censorship for 25 years , so why are we still unable to criticize russia without also criticizing the us ? 
  well you just elected a person who openly advocates torture , i mean what the hell ? 
  also , you seriously need to do something about your prison system . 
  i feel like i 'm learning some new horrifying detail about it every day . 
  who the hell thought that for profit - prisons were a good idea ? 
  or prolonged solitary confinement that makes people go mad ? 
  and i still do n't understand how vehemently americans oppose to free health care for the poor .
