  when i was in school we used to go to the cemetery on every independence day . 
  on the cemetery there was one monument for for both groups who fought in the finnish civil war . 
  we always brought one wreath for the white guards , and one wreath for the red guards . 
  both sides committed horrible atrocities . 
  it was n't about celebrating a pointless civil war or a bunch of people who massacred each other . 
  it was only about remembering the dead and giving them some flowers . 
  how the fuck does a teenager obtain two grenades in france ? 
  that 's weird . 
  oh , now i understand what you mean . 
  i 'd like to visit israel someday if i have the money . 
  everyone i know who have visited israel said they loved the place , especially jerusalem . 
  i 'm very interested of different religions and history , so it would be interesting because of that too . 
  it would be very cool to see the place where jesus worked . 
  i do n't believe that he was a god , i 'm an atheist , but he is one of the most fascinating historical figures that i know of . 
  i do n't know why israel is n't very popular for european tourists . 
  i think that most people just want to spend their whole vacation on the beach , and so going to spain or greece is easier . 
  and i know that some people have visited dubai or some other country and then it 's hard to enter israel after that . 
  and i guess some are afraid of terrorist attacks in israel . 
  but what do you mean with `` source '' ? 
  do you mean that israel is the source of europeans or that europe is the source of israelis ? 
  i 'm not saying that people are any less evil or xenophobic than we were seventy years ago . 
  human nature does n't change and in the right conditions almost anyone will accept hatred . 
  but i think that the target of hatred changes , and i doubt hating jews will become mainstream anytime in the near future . 
  racists and xenophobes need someone to hate , someone to blame for every problem we face , a scapegoat . 
  muslims are just so much easier to blame for many reasons . 
  seventy years ago , i doubt most ordinary people from my country had even seen a muslim in the flesh . 
  now , they 're a hot topic of conversation everywhere . 
  i repeat , i have no expertise whatsoever in this area , and i may well be wrong , but my personal experience is that i have never in my life heard anyone say anything bad about jews . 
  if someone did that , people would probably be pretty shocked , for obvious reasons . 
  btw , i happened to just eat a fruit called `` sharon '' todathat was from israel . 
  i had never tasted it before , it was really nice . 
  yes , but that was very long time ago , too . 
  the people who committed that genocide are either very old or very dead . 
  i 'm an adult , and my parents had n't even been born during ww2 and my grandparents were children . 
  i think that people 's attitudes have changed a lot in four generations . 
  when my great-grandparents were young they probably would never have believed that man would walk on the moon , or that finland would become a rich country , or that the soviet union would one day fall , or that the colonies would gain independence , or that pocket sized computers would one day be invented . 
  times change . 
  yeah , but people who 's great-grandparents were anti-semites are n't necessarily anti-semites themselves . 
  cultures change . 
  many things that are core parts of europe 's history are n't very relevant today . 
  yes , large part of europeans used to be anti-semites . 
  a large part of europeans also used to be extremely religious , superstitious , uneducated and poor . 
  europeans used to believe that the sun rotates around earth , that gypsies steal babies , that kings receive their power from god himself and that there are werewolves and witches living in the woods . 
  now , i 'm in no way an expert and i have absolutely no scientific proof for this , but my personal experience is that anti-semitism is n't common where i live . 
  there are some very fringe neo-nazi idiots who like to spout jewish world dominance conspiracy theories on the itnernet , but bashing muslims is much , much more fashionable . 
  i think there are a number of reasons for this . 
  one is that there are n't many jews here , but there are a lot of muslims , so it 's easier to complain about muslims destroying the country . 
  i do n't think most ordinary people have any opinion whatsoever about jews . 
  most probably have n't met one in real life , and only know some famous american jews like bob dylan . 
  some people have strong opinions about israel too . 
  i 've both heard people say stuff like : `` what israel is doing is practically apartheid , the poor palestinians have done nothing wrong ! '', 
  and `` all palestinians are terrorists and jihadists and they all deserve to die ! '' . 
  but that 's not about jews so much as israelis . 
  i think it looks pretty suicidal already . 
  it 's standing barefoot on a sabre while stabbing itself in the head with a sword . 
  i find that hard to believe . 
  i 've literally never met an anti-semite in real life . 
  i 've met plenty of anti-ziganists , islamophobes , russophobes and all kinds of racists , but never anti-semitists . 
  but most people i know seem to agree that israel should comply to the requests from the united nations and stop building settlements which only cause more troubles . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  they let a power-hungry demagogue rule their country while they themselves live far away and do n't have to suffer from any of the bad changes . 
  depends on how you measure . 
  they still engage in some pretty uncivilized practices , like the death sentence , prolonged solitary confinement , torture of `` illegal enemy combatants '' etc. 
  i read the title as `` stripping terror suspects of british citizenship is ** awful ** '' and was a bit surprised that european law has such a term . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  username does n't check out at all . 
  it 's stupid . 
  it 's like all those americans who are against free health care of the poor , because it 's socialism and will inevitably lead to gulags and orchestrated famines . 
  civilized countries do n't . 
  i think that it 's very dangerous to ban prisoners from voting . 
  i can think of so many ways that could go wrong . 
  a crooked politician could bribe judges to convict his political opponents , for example . 
  or someone who hates some religious or ethnic group could try to influence courts in order to imprison people from that group and ban them from voting . 
  there should be repercussions when russia does this stuff . 
  maybe this will make putin think twice the next time he wants war , because it will be expensive . 
  i kinda disagree with what you 're saying because not all european countries participated in colonialism , and almost everyone who was involved is now dead . 
  so it 's a bit of a stretch to say that all europeans are personally responsible for the state that third world countries are in . 
  however , i think that it 's definitely our responsibility to do something about it , because we can . 
  our countries are rich and stable , and so it 's our duty to help our fellow man to the best of our ability . 
  no one else is going to solve these problems . 
  they 're in france , they 're not starving in africa or anything . 
  i can understand poachers in developing outcries , but not these guys . 
  but the man translating had probably never seen a lion , or even a drawing of a lion , and only knew that it was a big and dangerous animal . 
  when the bible was first translated into finnish in the 1600s , the man translating it realized that there was no word for `` lion '' in finnish . 
  so he inexplicably decided to call it `` jalopeura '' , literally `` the noble deer '' . 
  nowadays we use the word `` leijona '' because it 's a lot less stupid . 
  yeah , but rt has been called unreliable by practically every other big news source . 
  journalists without borders , yle , der spiegel , the guardian , the independent and al jazeera all blame it for spreading kremlin propaganda . 
  rt spreads disinformation like the american fox news and the british dailymail . 
  for some reason the photo here is n't of very good quality . 
  if you click the photo you will see a better version of it . 
  these dresses seem to be some rarer ones . 
  i only recognize some of them . 
  the second dress from the left looks like the dress of maksamaa or [ maxmo ] ( http://draktbyra.brage.fi/site/data/1491/resource/module/bragedrakt/files/84_l.jpg ) in swedish . 
  the dress in the middle with black and red striped and a dark blue apron is the dress of [ kymenlaakso ( anjala ) ] ( http://www.taitokymenlaakso.fi/index.php?k=5688 ) . 
  i think the yellow dress is the dress of pernaja or [ pern\u00e5 ] ( http://draktbyra.brage.fi/brage/folkdrakter/view-47835-107 ) in swedish . 
  the woman on the right seems to be wearing the dress of lapv\u00e4\u00e4rtti-tiukka , or [ lappfj\u00e4rd-tj\u00f6ck ] ( http://draktbyra.brage.fi/brage/folkdrakter/view-47835-9 ) in swedish . 
  i think the man is wearing some kind of a korsn\u00e4str\u00f6j\u00e4 . 
  the rest of the dresses i could n't identify , but they all seem to be western finnish , no karelian ones . 
  edit : corrected a mistake,
