  no ones required to study english . 
  the only mandatory foreign language in finnish schools is swedish . 
  depending on the school you could pick english , french , german or russian as your third language . 
  almost everyone picks english , though . 
  it 's not mandatory here , but almost everyone studies it . 
  but mostly we learn english because we spend our youth and childhood watching american tv series and movies . 
  - the finnish struggle for autonomy in the early 1900s - the finnish civil war - the continuation war and the war-guilt trials ( winter war would be good too , but a historically accurate movie would probably seem too sappy and incredible to be believable ), 
  actually it 's 10,2 % . 
  and yes , we know that it 's much worse in many other countries , but that sure does n't stop anyone from complaining . 
  once when i was abroad someone asked me if i was swedish . 
  i told the that i was finnish . 
  `` but you 're tall and light ! '', 
  she said all surprised . 
  i guess she thought i should look more mongolian or something . 
  oh we just love complaining . 
  the weather is bad , the people are mute , no one helps anyone else , everyone 's alcoholic or depressed , it 's hard to be an entrepreneur , many people do n't have jobs , the bureaucracy is an incomprehensible mess , public projects are slow as hell , all other countries are so much more exciting and cool etc. 
  edit : a typo, 
  oh yes , everyone here loves to bitch about how much finland sucks compared to other countries . 
  but if a foreigner criticizes finland everyone goes crazy . 
  they 're also easy to clean . 
  very ugly but useful . 
  i would never wear them in public , but they 're good to use at the summer cabin . 
  they 're in the eurovision song contest . 
  they try to be neutral . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean ? 
  the ww2 in asia ended with the atomic bombs , but of course they also thought us about the stuff that happened during the war . 
  we 're taught that the situation with jews was n't as bad as in other countries ( there were never any pogroms here ) , but they only got equal rights after finland became independent in 1917 . 
  during the continuation war finland was allies with nazi-germany . 
  finnish jews were however not persecuted and they did n't loose any rights . 
  finnish jews fought against the soviet union just like all other finns . 
  as finland 's forces had substantial numbers of german forces supporting their operations , the finnish front had a field synagogue operating in the presence of nazi troops . 
  nazi-germany offered three finnish jews were the iron cross for their wartime service . 
  naturally , all three refused the award . 
  however , finland did deport eight austrian jewish refugees to nazi germany . 
  seven of them were murdered by the nazis . 
  when finnish media reported the news , it caused a national scandal . 
  after protests by lutheran ministers , the archbishop , and the social democratic party , no more foreign jewish refugees were deported from finland . 
  during the war finland handed over dozens of russian jewish prisoners of war to the germans . 
  the russian jews ended up either getting executed by the einsatzgruppen , or being sent to concentration camps . 
  the situation now : there has never been many jews in finland , today there are 1 800 . 
  i do n't have any view about them and as far as i know i 've never met a jewish person . 
  the wast majority of finns have no particular opinion about jews . 
  some people have strong opinions about israel , though , and of course , some neo-nazi groups like to spout bullshit about zionist world domination . 
  and i think that some of the immigrants here are also a bit anti-semitic . 
  but these are small fringe groups . 
  edit : a typo, 
  many different evolutionary traits affect who we feel attracted to . 
  on one hand , people generally tend to think more positively of people from their own ethnic group : this is a remnant of the times when we lived in small hunter-gatherer tribes and had to stick together with our own . 
  on the other hand , inbreeding is unhealthy and you 're more likely to produce healthy children by breeding with someone who has different genes than you . 
  evolution is completed and there are many different factors at play . 
  not really , but people from mediterranean countries tend to be more beautiful on average than us northerners . 
  voting for donald duck is an old and revered tradition . 
  here 's a hilarious [ list of rejected votes from helsinki inhabitants ] ( http://static.iltalehti.fi/presidentinvaalit/liput22401hl_pd.jpg ) in the presidential election . 
  the third one , `` aku ankka '' is donald duck , who has 24 votes . 
  other candidates include : - a drawing of a vagina ( 7 votes ) - batman ( 2 votes ) - the phantom ( 2 votes ) - kekkonen ( 2 votes ) - a swastika ( 2 votes ) - nikki sixx ( 1 vote ) - captain haddock ( 1 vote ) - peg-leg pete ( 1 vote ) - adolf hitler ( 1 vote ) - donald duck 's dog ( 1 vote ), 
  lots of kids like marvel comics . 
  the sandman , which is a dc comic , is a big cult classic . 
  yeah , mostly they only have influence your life if they happen to break into your house , or if you buy drugs from them . 
  she seems like a real nutcase . 
  pretty small . 
  mostly it 's biker gangs like hells angels and bandidos , that launder money and sell drugs . 
  then there are some russian , baltic and eastern european groups that commit property crimes . 
  russia would have to become a real democracy first , and have freedom of speech . 
  yes . 
  i do n't like her music though . 
  in the 19th many europeans , especially englishmen , believed that masturbation was unhealthy and dangerous . 
  yeah , i was so shocked when i found out that it 's common in america . 
  i thought that only muslims and jews practiced it . 
  it should definitely be illegal . 
  it 's insane that we allow people to mutilate their child 's genitals for religion . 
  religious freedom is important , but it should n't give parent 's the right to slice off a part of a baby 's penis . 
  but of course we can never ban it , because that would be considered islamophobic . 
  both of course . 
  i think that israel should stop occupying palestine and give them the land that the unite nations decreed to be palestinian . 
  and palestine should get rid of their crazy terrorist groups . 
  translation : * yesterday , i saw josseline =  whore yesterday , shit , i saw josseline , brothel !, 
  i do n't think that language is a good definition . 
  finland has two official languages : finnish and swedish . 
  how do you define `` ethnically swedish '' ? 
  in finland many showers are actually on the floor and have no shower curtain , [ like this ] ( https://images.styleroom.fi/image/scaled/full/i9ok/1/724342-kylpyhuone.jpg ) . 
  i prefer these kinds of showers , because there 's more space . 
  i do n't like those claustrophobic shower closets . 
  always , but i 'm very pale so i have to be careful so i do n't get sunburn . 
  that 's true . 
  but it would be kinda weird to call finnish pre-1917 art swedish or russian . 
  test signal : 7 second of flat sound , it 's played at noon on the first monday of the month general danger signal : a wailing which rises for seven seconds and then drops for seven seconds and usually lasts for a minute . 
  it 's used to warn the public of a severe and imminent threat , like a nuclear plant disaster , the release of toxic chemicals , or a war danger over signal : a minute of flat sound, 
  the song * `` vem kan segla f\u00f6r utan vind '' * technically is n't swedish though , it 's originally from \u00c5land . 
  probably yes , i think he 'd be fine in the social democrat party or even the left party . 
  wikipedia, 
  they think they 're the poor proletariat that 's being oppressed by the fascist elite . 
  they obviously have no idea what real fascism looks like . 
  me too . 
  honestly , i 've never met a filipino person and i do n't really know anything about the philippines . 
  so i do n't have an opinion at all . 
  with other asians , it depends on the country . 
  asia is a huge continent with many different cultures . 
  i have very different opinions about japan and saudi arabia , for example . 
  it 's not a monolith . 
  they became part of the eastern block because of bad luck , and the soviet union fucked them over and that 's why they 're poorer than western europe .
