  you pay your taxes so that you can enjoy the benefits . 
  everyone has to do this to keep society running . 
  but the bad and selfish people should also contribute to society . 
  but taxation is much more organized than people giving money to random charities . 
  taxation is the best way to get money for all the necessary stuff , like social security , education , health care , public service etc. 
  he owns a two story house in a city , and two cars . 
  acquired wealth by working . 
  well , what 's the alternative ? 
  we ca n't just let people starve . 
  btw , there is [ a pretty cool photo of alexander 's statue watching as his countrymen bomb helsinki in 1944 . 
  i think that tsar alexander ii of russia is more popular in finland than anywhere else , especially in poland and lithuania . 
  in finland he is considered the `` good tsar '' , and we still [ his state on the senate square in helsinki ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/f9/11-07-29-helsinki-by-ralfr-149.jpg/1200px-11-07-29-helsinki-by-ralfr-149.jpg ) . 
  in 1863 , alexander ii re-convened the diet of finland and initiated several reforms increasing finland 's autonomy within the russian empire , including establishment of its own currency . 
  liberation of business led to increased foreign investment and industrial development . 
  finland also got its first railways , separately established under finnish administration . 
  finally , the elevation of finnish from a language of the common people to a national language equal to swedish opened opportunities for a larger proportion of the society . 
  but alexander ii is famous for suppressing separatist movements in poland and lithuania . 
  all territories of the former poland-lithuania were excluded from liberal policies introduced by alexander . 
  the martial law in lithuania , introduced in 1863 , lasted for the next 40 years . 
  native languages , lithuanian , ukrainian and belarusian were completely banned from printed texts after the january uprising , hundreds of poles were executed , and thousands were deported to siberia . 
  in 1881 alexander was assassinated by a polish activist . 
  sweden : they 're like our older brother , they 're our rival , but we love them estonia : they 're like our younger brother , and they speak a language similar to ours russia : well , we would like it more if it were an actual democracy , and if they would stop meddling in other countries ' business . 
  the people tend to be really friendly , though . 
  also `` siberia teaches you things '' - bad experiences force you to learn, 
  estonia seems to be doing very well . 
  but those are criminals !, 
  you talk as if european states are attacking refugees , when in realities it 's just some criminal gangs . 
  but you keep acting as if people here somehow want there to be attacks . 
  most europeans do n't walk around attacking refugees , just like how most refugees do n't walk around blowing shit up . 
  here those were reasons why people liked him . 
  for obvious reasons few people here think that russia should have the right to annex neighboring countries . 
  obama was criticized for many things , but not that . 
  definitely not . 
  obama was just another president of america , and definitely not one of the worst ones . 
  trump was a shock , few people here believed that an idiot like that could be elected . 
  trump is an incompetent demagogue who knows nothing of politics , a lying businessman who lacks any rhetorical skills whatsoever , and he has shit for opinions . 
  of course our satirist love him !, 
  the man is a walking piece of satire . 
  comedians need only recite a quote from trump , and the public will roar with laughter . 
  your president is so easy to ridicule that it 's almost tragicomic . 
  he 's a walking joke , everything he does and says is comedic gold . 
  we watched as you americans chose this rambling * oaf * to the most powerful position on earth , and we could do nothing to stop you . 
  what can we do but laugh ? 
  british accent sounds cute . 
  as long as he does n't make himself a dictator , there is hope . 
   i mean yeah , it 's their own fault really . 
  i would n't say that . 
  a lot of people either fear or hate all muslims because of terrorist attacks on which ordinary muslims have no effect . 
  where i live bigots seem to hate muslims way more than gypsies . 
  they may look down upon gypsies , but they feel red hot hate towards muslims . 
   eu and rest of european countries are important allies of us . 
  current politicians are damaging our relations seriously with their xenophobic politics at the moment . 
  it damages reputation of my country more than religious incidents . 
  i think that right now the thing that most damages turkey 's reputation is erdogan and all the weird things he says and does . 
  much worse things have happened in europe than a few terrorist attacks . 
  think of what the germans did only 70 years ago !, 
  now it 's ancient history and no one holds it against them , germany is a well respected country with a good reputation . 
  but it 's a two way road : migrants really do need to integrate . 
  i know that most of them do , and that 's great , but there are still some migrants who seem to think that their culture and religion are more important than our laws . 
  a migrant who does n't respect the laws of his host country will never get respect from the natives . 
  here almost all christians are mainstream lutheran , except for those who are pentecostal , awakening , laestadian or orthodox . 
  there are very few anglicans or calvinists , but those are definitely considered separate churches . 
  but no one 's forcing you to interact with gypsies , or anyone else you 'd o n't want to . 
  i 'm just saying that it 's pretty racist to proclaim that all gypsies are assholes . 
  but no one is suggesting we attack them . 
  ah , but there is a difference between saying `` all gypsies are assholes '' and `` all gypsies that i 've met have been assholes '' . 
  one is a racist statement and a gross generalization , while the other is just personal experience . 
  but i did n't say that all immigrants do these things . 
  but some people from some cultures do these things . 
  or do you claim that for example , 98 % of somalian women have n't been mutilated , 38 % of women do n't get married while underage and apostasy is n't punishable by death ? 
  these are all just stereotypes ? 
  problems do n't go away if you ignore them , you know . 
  why do you think it 's racist that i wish that immigrants would abandon practices which are illegal here . 
  it 's not about race . 
  but you should n't hate all dogs before you 've met all dogs . 
   so how many gipsies do you meet or even see on daily basis ? 
  i ca n't say i really interact with them , but i do see a few every day . 
  there are the finnish gypsies who are just going about their day like normal people , and then there are the eastern european gypsies who come here to beg , but they 're harmless too . 
   not liking people who act like assholes does n't make you racist . 
  but if you do n't personally know all gypsies , then you 're just generalizing and assuming that they 're all assholes , which is racist . 
  you asked for a definition for integration . 
  i gave you my definition . 
  there 's no reason to get all offended . 
   wow wow wow , wait . 
  what about we end that first ? 
  well , hitting ones spouse or children is illegal in finland . 
  people who do it are punished . 
   go out , talk to people , meet real different cultures and breal stereotypes brought to us by media . 
  so are you saying that the people who practice female genital mutilation , forced marriage , honor killings or jihad are somehow less real than those who do n't ? 
  i mean , all these things happen in finland , except for jihad . 
  many immigrants who come to finland come from countries where these things are the norm , and they do n't understand why they should stop . 
  i understand that these are an important part of some people 's culture , but they have to stop doing them here . 
  many people think that it 's islamophobic to not let people keep all their religious practices , but i disagree . 
  i think that human rights are more important than religious freedom , and all these practices endanger someone 's human rights . 
  and i do n't think that it 's okay for immigrants to travel abroad to have their daughters cut , or to have a wedding . 
  if i remember correctly there was a black guy who was a candidate for parliament . 
  yeah , that does n't sound racist at all . 
  if i said that greeks are `` a shit people and parasites '' , would you really not think i was racist ? 
  yeah , they 're a bunch of populists who will say anything to make people like them . 
  and they refuse to denounce the crazy neo-nazi scum who follow them .
