  the nationality of the attacker has n't been confirmed , why do you assume he 's palestinian or arab ? 
  also , what the hell does germany have to do with the occupation of palestina ? 
  we have a mermaid road ( merenneidontie ) in espoo . 
  it 's much more boring and not nearly as pretty , though : https://www.google.at/maps/place/merenneidontie,+02320+espoo,+suomi/@60.144435,24.6505598,3a,75y,161.49h,87.61t/data=!3m7!1e1!3m5!1smsuinrdnbleurwug-zbviw!2e0!6s%2f%2fgeo0.ggpht.com%2fcbk%3fpanoid%3dmsuinrdnbleurwug-zbviw%26output%3dthumbnail%26cb_client%3dmaps_sv.tactile.gps%26thumb%3d2%26w%3d203%26h%3d100%26yaw%3d44.973255%26pitch%3d0%26thumbfov%3d100!7i13312!8i6656!4m5!3m4!1s0x468d8b4d7b1132ed:0x4cbad70482fe4622!8m2!3d60.1430006!4d24.650465!6m1!1e1, 
  yeah , estonian is like finnish with some words missing . 
  it 's like drunk finnish . 
  they 're almost never enforced though . 
  it does seem that they 've become more topical recently . 
  i 'm a woman , and i think we are often very specific about clothing . 
  i mean , we have different names for the colors khaki , cognac , camel , tan , beige and sand . 
  if we can make up so many names for different shades of light brown , then maybe we can invent names for a few types of veils too . 
  okay , this is confusing . 
  there should be some kinda established name for different styles of veils . 
  some of them look like you could drive just fine wearing them , but the afghan style thing that only has tiny eye holes looks like it might be safety hazard in traffic . 
  when i was a kid hide & seek was called kuurupiilo , or piilosta . 
  the problem is that the president of the united states of america expresses himself in such a vague way that none of us have any fucking idea what he meant . 
  we should n't have to try to guess the true meaning of his words . 
  he 's a president , he should be more clear about his intent . 
  he claimed that something had happened , even though nothing had happened . 
  the fact that there was a riot later is irrelevant . 
  no , he was n't right . 
  nothing happened in sweden the previous night . 
  he just pulled a story out of his ass . 
  is it for nose surgery ? 
  i hear that it 's very popular in the arabic countries . 
  that 's a niqab , it has eye holes . 
  a burqa , however , is a different matter . 
  i think that something like [ this ] ( http://www.clarionproject.org/sites/default/files/burkafranceip.jpg ) may impair your peripheral vision . 
  but women who wear these kinds of burqas are probably from very conservative families and probably would n't drive a car anyways . 
  i think it may affect your per feral vision , though . 
  monkey is a common slur for africans , so you probably should n't say that an african looks like a monkey unless you wan na come off as a racist . 
  yes , am finnish , can confirm . 
  your joke . 
  it was both racist and shitty . 
  go fuck yourself , your an embarrassment to our country . 
  yeah , those fucking silent vowels would drive anyone mad . 
  friatider is n't exactly what one would call a reliable source . 
  if the true finns do n't want to be seen as racist , maybe they should stop spouting racist shit and hanging out at nazi conventions . 
  the true finns * are * racist as fuck though . 
  you know , the history of germany is a great source of hope for humanity . 
  germany is an awesome country on many different measure , even though it was a horrible shit show only 70 years ago . 
  that germany could become what it is today means that places like saudi-arabia and north korea have hope too . 
  you have to remember that the likelihood of getting raped or assaulted is still very small , as both of these crimes remain quite rare . 
  i dunno , i do n't think throwing bricks is something you should get should because of . 
  carrying around a fire bomb means that you mean to bomb someone , so it 's premeditated . 
  but throwing bricks sounds like something a drunk idiot teenager might do . 
  probably because there are n't any flowers in most countries yet . 
  in finland not even coltsfoots or wood anemones are blooming yet . 
  did n't everyone ? 
  i speak finnish , swedish and french . 
  if i only visited websites that are in those languages i would only get to speak with people from a few countries . 
  english speaking sites are the most international . 
  there are people from all around the world on reddit . 
  besides , i really have nothing against americans . 
  but i do n't think of reddit as an american website . 
  are you a troll or was that a joke ? 
  you 're not making any sense . 
  yeah , but there are n't big english speaking discussion websites that are n't full of american people , because americans are a big english speaking group . 
  i think that the big difference is that only a bit more than five million people speak finnish , so for finnish movies the audience is much , much smaller than movies that are in english . 
  and hollywood has a shit ton of money to produce and market movies . 
  i do n't think that movies and tv shows give an accurate picture of america , though . 
  they tend to portray american wars as justified , american soldiers as righteous heroes who can do no wrong and american people as wealthy people who live in huge ass houses and drive cool cars . 
  there are exceptions , of course , but a lot of young people here think that america is a dream land where everyone is rich and there are no problems . 
  they think it 's like a hollywood movie . 
  no , there is n't an european equivalent to reddit . 
  funny thing is , i never thought of reddit as a site for americans . 
  there are people from all over the world here . 
  finland too , saunas have been around for a very long time . 
  often the sauna was the first building people would build on a farm . 
  they would live in the sauna until the actual house was ready . 
  the vikings were exceptionally good sea farers for their time , though . 
  sailing to greenland and ( probably ) america with their technology is quite an accomplishment . 
  they were good at building boats . 
  shit , i did not need this spoiler . 
  that sound like he might be suffering from a mental illness . 
  hearing voices and paranoia are classic signs of schizophrenia . 
  if these thoughts cause him discomfort or infer with his daily life , he should probably visit a psychiatrist . 
  these kinds of problems can often be treated with therapy or medicines . 
  i 'm confident that he means indian indians . 
  i 'm pretty sure that american indians could ' t have had any effect on medieval european swordsmaking since columbus had n't even found america yet . 
  a no-go zone is an area that 's so dangerous the police and emergency services refuse to go there . 
  there are no such areas in sweden . 
  yeah , except that countless studies have shown that corporal punishment sucks both at educating and disciplining . 
  on the average children who 's parents do n't use violence towards them end up having less behavioral problems . 
  so he can slap you and that 'd be fine ? 
  cops are supposed to use their batons to stop a person committing a crime and defend the safety of other people as well as themselves . 
  cops are not supposed to eat up criminal to punish them , it 's the court of law that administers the punishment for a crime . 
  because hitting another human being is wrong even if , and especially if , the victim is a child who your supposed to protect for violence . 
  i think that the us electing a certain orange creep as president might have something to do that . 
  i remember reading somewhere that g. w. bush and his oil wars affected people 's attitudes towards joining a us led military coalition , so it stands to reason that trumps presidency would do the same . 
  yes , but ukraine considered joining nato and look what happened . 
  i do n't think that no comments means that nobody gives a shit . 
  often it just means that the article that has been posted is n't particularly controversial . 
  when people see this article about some person being an asshole , they do n't feel the need to state the obvious and say : `` yeah , that guys an asshole '' . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  there are many other languages that are related to finnish too . 
  well there 's a pretty famous saying from the time when finns started considering independency : `` we 're not swedish , we do n't want to become russian , so let 's be finnish '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure that he was being sarcastic . 
  were n't people advised to stay inside for several hours after the attacks in bataclan and other places ? 
  and iirc the trains to and from paris were also stopped .
