  that second video is fucking hilarious . 
  you 're right , it seems that i was mistaken . 
  the followers of some african tribal religions also practice it . 
  i do n't think a doctor 's examination would be particularly traumatic for anyone . 
  good for them . 
  seriously , i feel proud for russia . 
  homeopathy is a health hazard and should be treated like one . 
  i do n't think many of them know what it means . 
  the name of the month is `` marraskuu '' and `` marras '' is a very old , archaic word for dead or death . 
  the finnish month names are pretty interesting , actually . 
  the finnish names of the months from april to august come from agricultural work typical for those months . 
  november is `` the month of death '' , and december is `` the christmas month '' . 
  the rest of the names come from natural phenomena . 
  the finnish `` helmikuu '' means `` pearl month '' . 
  people say that it 's because of the ice pearl that form of tree branches when it gets colder again after a warm weather . 
  edit : pearl month , not moth , damnit, 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  we have plenty of nationalists and we definitely never had an empire . 
  i think that russia might want to have a word with you ... 
  but technically since novgorod i.e. 
  proto-russia was funded by swedish vikings , sweden gets russia , right ? 
  yeah , but driving a bike would be mush more annoying if you had mountains or even hills . 
  no one 's celebrating anything . 
  it 's an interesting historical event that the 's sharing with us . 
  oh , i thought you were talking about the map linked by op , sorry . 
  the map represents ww1 , not ww2 . 
  yeah , well if he meant that he should have clarified . 
  exactly !, 
  it 's unjust to punish people for their relatives ' crimes . 
  i 'm pretty sure that it 's illegal to count them . 
  `` many of you already know what russia 's heavy hand feels like , and once you were free of it , you turned to us . 
  you chose our way for your future . '', 
  and when exactly did we choose `` their way '' ? 
  what the fuck does that even mean ? 
  funny , in finnish `` nl '' is an abbreviation for `` neuvostoliitto '' , which is finnish for the soviet union . 
  so for a second there i was very , very surprised to hear that the soviet union has the best healthcare system . 
  what russian soldiers ? 
  well still , i can kinda see why people might consider a burka or niqab a risk for safety , but the whole integration argument is bullshit . 
  obviously it should be illegal to make your wife or daughter wear those things , but it 's insane to make it illegal for people to wear something because `` it does n't fit our culture '' . 
  i mean shit , one of the most important values that european cultures are based on is freedom of expression . 
  wait , are the descendants of african slaves and european prisoners who live in the americans and australia considered natives sine they were forcefully brought there ? 
  why is everyone talking about culture and integration ? 
  is n't the problem with burkhas that they hide the face completely i.e. 
  make it impossible to identify someone . 
  it 's like walking around wearing a ski mask . 
  i can see why banks and stores would n't want a person walk in wearing a ski mask , or a burkha . 
  yeah . 
  imperialism must be nice when you 're not on the receiving end . 
  `` gain back the supremacy '' ? 
  when the fuck did we ever hold supremacy ? 
  you maybe , not us . 
  that , and mandatory literacy . 
  we may thank gustav vasa for making everyone protestant and forcing us to learn to read the bible . 
  wait , is n't english an official language in ireland ? 
  first the eurovision , now this ... is nothing holy for the aussies ? 
  but apart from castles , what have the barbarians ever done for us ? 
  the `` castle '' in the title is for the benefit for all the indo-european barbarians here who do n't understand human language . 
  that 's true . 
  i was just trying to explain how the strained relationship between most me countries and israel may affect people 's attitudes , and why anti-semitism is often linked to fundamentalist islamic groups . 
  yeah , i was just saying that some fundamentalist islamists do n't like jews very much . 
  fuck you , seriously . 
  i do n't know how common it is for ordinary middle-eastern people to be anti-israel , but a lot of middle-eastern countries have pretty bad relations with israel . 
  and a lot of fundamentalist groups like isis are very anti-semitic . 
  that 's why isis attacked that jewish school in paris and a fundamentalist islamist attacked a jewish school in toulouse in 2012 . 
  and how exactly does burning down a bunch of innocent people because of someone else 's crime help anyone ? 
  well i disagree . 
  we are not barbarians who attacks whole tribe because one member of it committed a crime . 
  that kind of north korea shit has no place in a democratic society . 
  maybe people just too shocked to suddenly see their friends do something like that and thought that it must be a joke or a prank or something . 
  you should be . 
  collectively punishing a group of people for the acts of a few is very shocking . 
  also , mob justice is pretty much always a bad idea . 
  why do no other newspapers seem to be writing about this ? 
  i could n't find anything about it in finnish newspapers like helsingin sanomat , iltasanomat or yle.fi , and nothing on bbc , the times , le figaro , le monde , dagens nyheter or al jazeera . 
  i even skimmed through die welt even though i do n't speak german , and could n't find anything about this . 
  why has n't many newspapers picked up this story , you 'd think this would be big news ? 
  hand grenades are deadly weapons , though . 
  state terrorism however ... 
  so because ukraine , an independent country , considered joining nato , ( something it has every right to do ) russia just had no choice but to annex a part of it ? 
  are n't you worried about the way they annexed a part of an independent country , though ? 
  that 's the joke . 
  he was literally quoting trump . 
  wait , we 're lawful evil ??? 
  there are many different versions of it . 
  if you 're interested , here 's the ending : `` where will you go , my happy son ? '', 
  `` to strange , faraway lands , sweet mother '' `` when will you come back home , my happy son ? '', 
  `` when the stars dance in the sky , sweet mother . '', 
  `` when will the stars dance in the sky , my happy son ? '', 
  `` when the rock floats on water , sweet mother '' `` when will the rock float on water , my happy son ? '', 
  `` when the feather sinks to the bottom , sweet mother '' `` when will the feather sink to the bottom , my happy son ? '', 
  `` when we all stand at the last judgement '', 
  thanks for the second song , * velisurmaaja * , it 's a great version . 
  i 've always liked that poem . 
  it 's about a son who comes home to his mother . 
  the mother questions him about where he has been , and what he 's been doing : `` where were you , my happy son ? '', 
  `` i was by the seashore , sweet mother . '', 
  `` what were you doing there , my happy son ? '', 
  `` i let my horse drink , sweet mother . '', 
  `` why is there mud on your shoes , my happy son ? '', 
  `` i walked on the road , sweet mother . '',
