  during the invasion thousands of civilians were killed and some 20 000 to 30 000 people were sold to slavery . 
  there were only 400 000 people in finland , so the amount was significant . 
  nikolai ii of russia , the last czar , also is n't very popular . 
  as a part of russia finns had enjoyed a special position as a fairly autonomically province . 
  nikolai however wanted to take away the autonomy . 
  he was also hated in russia and lost his power because of the russian revolution . 
  i think that one of the reasons people appreciate russian culture is that russia being a huge country , has produced a lot of famous artists . 
  ` tolstoy and dostoyevsky are considered to be very , very great writers . 
  gogol , pushkin , mayakovsky , nabokov , bulgakov , chekhov are also very famous . 
  then there are composers like tchaikovsky and stravinsky , and painters like chagall , repin and kandinsky . 
  of course none of this means that they have the right to invade other people 's countries . 
  nice people , shit leadership . 
  the only one 's i 've heard any stereotypes about are the japanese . 
  mainly that they travel in large groups and like moomin . 
  are you seriously saying that the ussr did n't invade and invade where they were n't invited ? 
  what the fuck , you think estonians , latvians , lithuanians wanted him to come over and invade their countries ? 
  well he did murder millions of people both from his own country and the countries he annexed . 
  yeah , the winter war was between tiny finland and the huge soviet union and stalin still failed to annex finland . 
  i believe it was partly because he had all his best officers killed and partly because all the new inexperienced officers were too scared of him to make fast spontaneous decisions , and preferred to wait for permission instead . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  nationalism is by definition about one 's nation , not skin color . 
  you 'll hear a lot of jokes about your orange pussy-grabber of a president . 
  i do n't think there 's anywhere in europe where people have n't heard about trump . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're a troll , but i 'll answer anyway . 
  neo-nazism is n't a common ideology . 
  there are some small neo-nazi groups which are universally hated and ridiculed . 
  so no , the average person living in germany or austria definitely does n't subscribe tot his ideology . 
  nationalism ... well that depends what you mean with nationalism . 
  there are some separatist groups in some regions where many people want independence , but that has nothing to do with skin color . 
  as for white supremacy , skin color is n't a big deal here . 
  it does n't make any sense to separate people based on skin color when the majority of people in your neighboring countries are also white . 
  we too . 
  for me it always come out as deaf . 
  i see deaf people , the walking deaf , at deaf 's door ... 
  mirror just comes out as a weird murmur . 
  it does n't exist in our languages , so we have n't learned it as children and have to train hard to learn it . 
  ( actually we lost the war , but no one needs to know :-d ), 
  i do n't think the finnish army exists to stop russian invasion . 
  russia 's too big and powerful , there 's no way in hell we could ever stop them if they decided to invade . 
  no , our army exists to make invasion as slow , difficult and expensive as possible . 
  i think the idea is that the costs of the invasion outweighs the benefits . 
  i 've heard that gifting knives will cut the friendship , but no one seems to care , puukko knives are a popular gift especially for outdoorsy people . 
  no , i 've in fact been mistaken for a dutch ( i 'm tall ) a couple of times and have been flattered . 
  also voitto ( victory ) , jalo ( noble ) , uljas ( gallant ), 
  isis . 
  maths , physics and chemistry were my least favorite subjects too . 
  i just really , really hate numbers . 
  here 's an interview from one of the artists , who seems to take the whole thing quite seriously : http://we-make-money-not-art.com/suohpanterror/ they may just be trolling , though . 
  i mean , surely they ca n't actually be identifying with che guevara , or compare their situation to colonial africa with a straight face ? 
  i 've never heard of any sami group advocating for an independent country , though . 
  mostly they 're accusing people of stealing their culture and demanding better rights regarding land ownership . 
  porvoo ( borg\u00e5 ) http://www.santatelevision.com/joulupukki/files/porvoo_vanha_kaupunki_rantamakasiinit.jpg http://www.maanpuolustuspaiva.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/porvoo-03-624x351.jpg tampere : http://i1.trekearth.com/photos/24445/img_9528.jpg http://static.panoramio.com/photos/original/31270553.jpg helsinki : http://scontent.cdninstagram.com/t51.2885-15/s750x750/sh0.08/e35/14515678_1586135058354500_4297219765828583424_n.jpg?ig_cache_key=mtm1mje4mdk3odu3ntqyndeyoa%3d%3d.2 https://farm2.staticflickr.com/1705/24279010485_d07c540648_c.jpg, 
  what do you mean `` seen as positive '' ? 
  the law of jante is written as a criticism on a deranged mentality . 
  well , my country lost the war and had to pay reparations payments to the soviet union . 
  i do n't understand why we should blame any country for something that happened 70 years ago . 
  as humans we are all duty bound to try to fix the wounds of the past , no matter what our nationality . 
  there 's a tiny tatar minority here , they 're descendants of russian military officers , i think . 
  no one seems to have any opinion on them . 
  i think a lot of people use eastern european to refer to the countries that were part of the east block . 
  almost all russians that i 've ever spoken to have been extremely nice . 
  en etsi valtaa , loistoa : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bi8imt6p5im sylvian joululaulu : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ewq-l5da-s, 
  america would stop being a super power 'cause they 'd show up with the wrong kinda ball , like this one : http://az616578.vo.msecnd.net/files/2016/04/22/635968912086807934-1190904792_40-funny-american-football-quotes-feature-image-860x450_c.jpg, 
  we do n't whiten them . 
  it 's an unnecessary procedure that is only cosmetic and looks quite unnatural . 
  yeah , they 're kinda like donald trump in that way . 
  they say such crazy things that of course they get a lot of attention . 
  they 're populists . 
  i do n't think they wanted to ban teaching swedish though , just make it voluntary . 
  swedish is a mandatory school subject , and a lot of people who live in ares with few swedish speaking people feel that the time would be better spent studying spanish or something . 
  i guess it 's a minority rights thing . 
  5 % of the population of finland are swedish speaking , and understandably they want service in their first language . 
  but for many teenagers who live in a finnish speaking areas , spending years studying a language you may never use , feels a bit unnecessary . 
  it 's goddamn amsterdam , you do n't think they 'll be looking for stupid tourists smuggling drugs ? 
  i do n't think the living conditions of average russians are very good though . 
  there are lots of very poor people there . 
  it 's controversial , i 've met people who say stuff like `` israel is great , evil palestine muslim terrorists have no right to the land !!!, 
  and others who say : `` gaza is the biggest concentration camp in the world , nobody 's protecting the poor palestinians from racist evil imperialists !!!!!! '', 
  personally i think that israel should stop the settlements and return the land that it has taken and only keep the land given to it by the united nations . 
  also , america and the arab countries should stop meddling in this . 
  the whole conflict would probably have stop long ago if both sides did n't have superpowers supplying them . 
  the concepts of right and left wing are a bit hazy in finnish politics as there are several parties which are a bit difficult to classify . 
  the social democrats and the vasemmisto ( left party ) are always categorized as left wing . 
  then there 's the green party which is a bit difficult to classify , as they themselves think they 're in the centre . 
  their main focus is on environmental questions , and otherwise they hold both right and left wing ideas . 
  these parties are usually considered right wing : christian democrats , a small party , which is against gay marriage and thinks that abortion should only be done if the woman 's life is in danger . 
  however , their views on economy and taxes tend to be quite socialist . 
  rkp ( swedish people 's party of finland ) , usually get around 5 % of the votes , which is about the amount of swedish speaking finns . 
  it 's many objective is to protect the rights of the swedish speaking minority . 
  the views on trade are liberal . 
  - keskusta ( the centre party ) keskusta gets usually the most votes . 
  it 's a liberalist party that is very popular in the countryside . 
  they support free economy , are against gay marriage and want to provide the necessary services to people who live in the countryside . 
  - the kokoomus ( national coalition party ) which is pretty big ( usually around 20 % of votes , i think ) . 
  i think it 's quite similar to the american democratic party in many ways . 
  they hold liberal views on trade and economy , and want to provide what they call `` an equality of chances '' , an idea quite similar to the american dream . 
  they seem to like the nato and the eu . 
  mostly they 've supported stopping religious education in schools and supported the right of gays to marry . 
  - then there 's the `` true finns '' party . 
  it 's quite new and has recently grown to around 20 % of votes .
