  well you said that gypsies are `` totally shit people '' . 
  that seems quite hateful to me . 
  you hate a large group of people because of their ethnicity . 
  how is that not racist ? 
   want to know one of the reasons ? 
  not having the chance . 
  what do you define `` integrating '' as ? 
  i 'm not op , but i define integrating as `` following the laws of the country they live in '' . 
  i do n't give a shit about what people eat , which language they speak or what god they worship . 
  but they have to abandon all illegal cultural or religious practices . 
  domestic abuse , female genital mutilation , forced marriage , honor killings and jihad are all illegal . 
  i do n't care how important these things are to migrants , if they want to live here , they have to follow the same basic rules as everyone else . 
  that 's integration . 
   and if europeans was being refugee and fleeing to middle-east , they would also take them in . 
  not attacking people escaping from wars what ? 
  who 's attacking people escaping from wars ? 
   the biggest racists are gypsies . 
  that would mean that you 're a gypsy , since you 're obviously quite racist . 
   theres the black identity model where they try to deny their color then reject others then accept who they are that 's sounds oddly racist . 
  you make it sound like being black is an illness or something . 
  i think that the cultural clashes are much bigger here . 
  in america , diversity means having a city with a bunch of white , black and brown americans . 
  in europe , diversity means having a city with both natives and immigrants . 
  a white american and a black american have a similar cultural background , while a swede and a somali come from very different cultures . 
  many immigrants in europe have very different values and opinions than the average european . 
  for example , many immigrants have cultural and religious practices which are very important to them , but which are illegal in europe . 
  everyone in finland drinks tap water . 
  actually , i think that racist assholes who condemn entire peoples like this , are the worst kind of people in europe . 
  i see them very day . 
  they 're easy to recognize because they have dark skin , hair and eyes , and many of the finnish ones wear [ very distinctive folk costumes ] ( http://www.ljplus.ru/img4/k/o/kommari_2/romanit.jpg ) . 
  but they live in houses , just like everyone else , not tents . 
  and they have normal jobs , and i 've never heard of one actually telling fortunes . 
  i do n't know how they 're depicted in media . 
  they 're mostly normal people , except that they wear strange clothes , speak a weird language , and have weird rules and customs . 
  well salted popcorn . 
  grand canyon , the great lakes , niagara falls , death valley ,, 
  pretty good . 
  some are a bit rude , but i 've only encountered the polite ones . 
  we never had the chance . 
  finland has always been small and insignificant . 
  until the twelfth and thirteenth centuries finland was an uncivilized tribal society . 
  then it was a poor province of sweden for 700 years , and after that a semi-autonomous province of russia for 100 years . 
  then we managed to become independent , but had to fight two wars to stay that we ( and of course we lost both of those wars ) . 
  and then we had to be all nice and docile to keep the soviets happy . 
  when would we have had the opportunity to conquer enough land to become superpower ? 
  and who would we have conquered it from ? 
  sweden ? 
  not a chance . 
  probably since the end of the ice age or so . 
  finns would probably be the mormonts . 
  a minor people with little power , who always end up in the middle of some big power play between great kings . 
  finns also used to worship bears , which are the symbol of the mormonts . 
  swedes could be the iron islanders , because they 're obviously inspired by the vikings . 
  i guess that would make the russians house stark . 
  and the mormonts of bear island are trapped in between the two just like we have always been between the east and the west . 
  during the first half of the 20th century many finns talked about a [ `` greater finland '' ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/85/suur-suomen_kartta.png ) which would have included many non-finnish regions where people speak finno-ugrics languages . 
  then finland lost ww2 the dream died . 
  i could n't say , i 've never heard of it . 
  those who fought on the communist side in the civil war used to be looked upon much more negatively . 
  for years their family members were n't even allowed to bring flowers to their graves . 
  now they have many memorial monuments . 
  was n't ddr the model country which the east block loved to show to westerners because it was in relatively good shape ? 
  probably that one . 
  i do n't really have an opinion , and i do n't know any . 
  there was a chapter about indians in my history book , it was pretty interesting . 
  it discussed different types of dwellings and sources of livelihood in-columbian americas , as well as the colonization and the present situation . 
  of course , it was a pretty broad description , because the subject is so broad . 
  well , some people say that by counting the cuckoos singing you will now how many years you still have left . 
  so this may just mean that you will live a very long life . 
  here it 's nine different flowers from nine different meadows . 
  and you must n't speak a word while picking them . 
  the left one , i think . 
  low birth rates , many people just do n't want children . 
  i do n't know about sweden , but people here sometimes talk about `` europe '' and `` europeans '' when they mean central and southern europe . 
  yeah , i 've heard so may girls and women say the same thing about egypt . 
  i think that it may be a good idea to just drive everywhere if you 're a woman . 
  i do n't think people here have any attitudes towards them . 
  i do n't think there even are many hindus here . 
   black cat crosses your path means it 's bad luck . 
  here you 're supposed to spit three times over your shoulder to protect yourself from the bad luck . 
  - corpses should always be carried feet first , while living people should * always * be carried head first - if a bird flies in through a window , someone is going to die ( the bird has come to take their soul ) . 
  - if you hear a cuckoo singing , you should count how many times it sings , so you will now how many years you will have to wait for marriage - you should never hand a salt shaker directly to other person , but rather place it on the table, 
  jesus christ , that 's terrible . 
  it 's legal , but the kids have to take mandatory tests in order to make sure that they receive adequate education . 
  i think that this system is good . 
  absolutely . 
  the civil war was nasty . 
  an airplane was flying over europe , when the pilot announced that there was a serious technical problem , and that all luggage would have to be thrown out in order to make the plain lighter . 
  after a while the pilot announced that the plain still was n't light enough , and that it would fall down . 
  one of the passengers would have to sacrifice himself and jump out of the plane , or they would all die . 
  a brave briton stood up , walked to the door , and jumped out shouting `` god save the queen ! '', 
  after a while the pilot announced that the plane was still too heavy , and one more passenger would have to sacrifice himself . 
  this time , a brave frenchman stood up , walked to the door , and jumped out shouting `` freedom , equality , brotherhood ! '', 
  but after a while , the pilot announced that the plain was still too heavy . 
  a norwegian and a finn looked at each other , stood up , grabbed a swede and threw him out while yelling : `` long live nordic co-operation ! '', 
  why did hitler commit suicide ? 
  he received his gas bill . 
   i think you just dont have the `` cafe culture '' . 
  yes , that 's possible . 
  everyone has their own coffeemaker .
