  god 's ability to protect people was believed to be very weak during holy saturday , as it was between good friday ( when jesus died ) and resurrection sunday ( when he rose from the dead ) . 
  edit : donkey , not monkey, 
  damn , those pesky nobles are so damn lazy , getting assassinated to avoid work . 
  what ? 
  [ pahvinaamari ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ocnixynaxq ) by pmmp, 
  - koko kokko kokoon translation : - build the whole bonfire - you mean the whole bonfire ? 
  - yes , the whole bonfire . 
  illegal . 
  now it all makes sense . 
  yeah , makes sense . 
  why the original is called `` black russian '' remains a mystery . 
  the `` white russian '' cocktail is neither belarussian nor russian . 
  we have [ turkish yoghurt ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-yvlzz8hjw-k/uoludiyiyui/aaaaaaaadbi/lhbpgw633oq/s1600/340x340.png ) , [ greek yoghurt ] ( https://www.kauppahalli24.fi/media/catalog/product/cache/1/thumbnail/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/2/3/2333_43673_14.1478223946.jpg ) and for some reason also [ bulgarian yoghurt ] ( https://www.valio.fi/mediafiles/61c46962-49b6-467a-9276-b3c4e025cd65?width=300&amp;mimetype=image/jpeg ), 
  i recommend that you go to a public sauna , preferably one with access to the sea . 
  that 's nice to hear !, 
  in case you 're interested , [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qh2tcv3pje0 ) a pretty cool version of tiernapojat , that a group of finnish rock and heavy metal musicians made . 
  the guy with a red cloak is herodes , and the guy with a blue cloak is the knight . 
  i think t 's safe to assume that the syrians , iraqis and somalis living here are more conservative than natives on average . 
  they tend to be much more religious . 
  yeah . 
  i do n't think that people who call tiernapojat racist have actually seen it . 
  this is the basic plot : there are four characters , herodes , the moorish king , the knight and one guy who 's job is to hold the star of betlehem . 
  the actors come in , greet the audience , and ask for permission to sing . 
  they start singing and wish everyone a merry christmas . 
  the moorish king calls herodes a tyrant . 
  herodes and the moorish king argue until herodes threatens to kill him . 
  herodes being a huge dick , makes him kneel while holding his sword and goes on a monologue about how great and powerful he is and how everyone has to obey him . 
  the two other actors praise herodes . 
  the star-guy quotes the bible verse in which god tells the three wise men to go to betlehem to a stable where a baby has been born . 
  everyone suddenly breaks character and sings a song praising god . 
  the knight informs herodes that the three wise men have betrayed him and herodes decides to wage war against their countries . 
  then he sends the knight off to kill all jewish male babies in betlehem , to make sure the newborn king of jews ( aka jesus ) dies . 
  the knight goes off to massacre babies , while patting himself in the back for being such a loyal subject of his king . 
  while he 's away everyone breaks character and randomly sing a song praising tsar alexander of russia for treating finland so well . 
  the knight returns , proudly proclaiming that he has killed all the babies . 
  herodes promises to reward him with silver and gold , and uses his blood stained sword to draw a cross on the knights breast as a creepy badge of honor . 
  then everyone praises god again . 
  they ask the audience for a coin and a new candle for the star , wish everyone a merry christmas , and leave . 
  i really do n't see anything racist about the whole thing . 
  in finland we have a traditional christmas play thing called [ tiernapojat ] ( https://kuvat.uusisuomi.fi/sites/default/files/kuvat/tiernapojat_oulussa.jpg ) that dates back to the middle ages . 
  one of the characters is an african king who refuses to kneel before the cruel king herodes . 
  some people think it 's racist because the actor 's face is painted black , but i do n't think it 's any different from the other actors wearing fake mustaches and beards . 
  besides , the african king is technically the good guy in the play , he rebels against the child-killer herodes . 
  also , if there is a terrorist incident , for the love of all things holy , listen to the police . 
  if cops tell you that they 're evacuating the building you 're in because of a bomb threat , get the fuck out . 
  if the police tells everyone to stay inside , start inside . 
  and do n't joke about terrorist attacks , especially in france , * especially * in paris . 
  for all you know , the people you 're talking to may have lost a friend or family member in the attacks . 
  joking about it may come across as inconsiderate . 
  well , people will probably assume that you 're african until you tell them you 're american . 
  just like everywhere , there are some racist idiots . 
  sometimes they yell nasty things at african looking people . 
  but unless you 're unlucky , you probably wo n't run into these people . 
  personally i 've never witnessed anyone yelling racist slurs in public . 
  if you see a group of skinheads with nazi symbols on their coats , do n't pick a fight with them , they 're gang members and crazy . 
  in some european countries there are `` bad '' neighborhoods . 
  they 're much , much safer than american bad neighborhoods , but you probably should n't go there alone at night . 
  it 's not about skin color , but there 's a lot of criminality and you risk being robbed . 
  if you do go to these places , do n't pick up fights and do n't make fun of islam or middle eastern countries . 
  when they find out you 're american , people will probably ask you what you think about trump , and joke about him . 
  do n't take it personally . 
  common prejudices about americans include : being obsessed with guns , being ultra religious and worshiping the army . 
  people may joke about these things too . 
  do n't take it personally , people tell the same jokes to all americans , and they do n't mean to offend you . 
  only speaking english may be a problem in some countries . 
  do n't expect everyone to speak english , and please do n't be offended if people do n't speak english to you . 
  not everyone can . 
  also , do n't mistake cultural differences for impoliteness . 
  for example , where i live , it 's considered weird to say hello to random people in the street , or to talk to strangers . 
  people also do n't sit next to other people in the bus unless there are no free seats left . 
  they 're not being impolite , it 's just normal behavior here . 
  so do n't assume someone is being racist if they do n't sit next to you on the bus , oh , and people will probably say things that americans consider microaggressions . 
  for example , according to the university of minnesota , saying that `` there is only one race , the human race . '', 
  is micro-aggression and racist . 
  but i think most europeans hold this view . 
  if someone says this , they 're probably not trying to offend you . 
  if you 're in london , i highly recommend visiting the british museum , it 's wonderful , and it 's free !, 
  also , please go to and indian restaurant , the indian restaurants in london are great . 
  no , just a bunch of clothes lines in the laundry room . 
  i live in an apartment building . 
  well , czechoslovakians should have had the right to join nato if they wanted to . 
  i think that any country that would 've tried to help you would 've been annexed by the soviet union pretty quickly . 
  depends on the person . 
  some people think that america is like the hollywood movies , all glamorous and cool . 
  but most people are pretty aware of all the problems with living in the us , like expensive health care and expensive education . 
  i 'm surprised that peni , another stereotypical dog name , is only number 30 . 
  i have no idea . 
  i 've learned a lot of my english from tv shows , so i guess it would be a mixture of breaking bad and orpan black characters . 
  so american , i guess . 
  swedish is mandatory , snd taking a third foreign language , like russian , german or spanish is greatly encouraged . 
  ew , no . 
  i wear socks , and sometimes woollen socks . 
  we have a tiny christian democrat party . 
  mostly they just oppose to gay marriage . 
  democrat . 
  why anyone would ever want to vote republican is beyond me . 
  breaking bad !, 
  and i cant think of any finns in american media except for mk/veera in orphan black , i like her . 
  the sun ? 
  what sun ?
