  war is obviously very unlikely . 
  but hypothetically , the most likely reason would be putin wanting to show off russia 's military powers , intimidate western powers and gain popularity in russia by leading a successful invasion . 
  in case of war all adult citizens have to do mandatory work . 
  i imagine that all the young and youngish men would be sent to fight while women like me would do everything else . 
  to me , pronouncing french is just impossible . 
  all the sounds just feel completely wrong on my tongue . 
  like i have to use muscles in my mouth that i never use when speaking finnish . 
  kortsukreemi ( condom lotion/wrinkle lotion ) , kummitus ( ghost/wife ) , pulma ( problem/wedding ), 
  here it 's only allowed to fly flags on special holidays , so schools only fly flags on those days . 
  and it 's just the finnish flag . 
  probably because thor is more like a superhero . 
  he 's a strong fighter god , while odin is a wise , cunning old man . 
  yeah , there are two or three nazi `` newspapers '' on the internet . 
  they 're very obviously garbage though , so i donut think that many people believe them . 
  one of them blames muslims for everything , the other one blames jews and gays . 
  i watched a documentary about them and holy shit , they were horrible . 
  well they tend to have unnaturally white teeth , super tanned skin and smiling all the time . 
  well if you 're here in the winter you should go ice swimming . 
  it 's very refreshing . 
  jeans and t-shirts . 
  you should probably try to learn about the cultures of different european countries . 
  there is n't really uniform `` european culture '' . 
  thank you . 
  wait , how the hell do you get unemployment support if you 're not applying for jobs ? 
  wait , what 's the part of karelia called that was a part of finland ? 
  the one were viipuri is in ? 
  i meant that area . 
  gypsy is n't alway a slur , though the more official term in roma or romani . 
  however , if you put `` fucking '' in front of it , you 're obviously using it as a slur . 
  it 's like saying `` you fucking muslim '' or `` you fucking latino '' . 
  tuntematon sotilas has affected our language though . 
  there are so many popular sayings i never knew were from that novel before they made me read it in school . 
  no , religious discrimination is a bit of a dick move , do n't you think ? 
  yeah , our police are actually really good at not shooting people . 
  i do n't think people give them enough credit for that . 
  people would give you sideways glances , shrug and figure that you have to be crazy or drunk : why else would you be speaking out loud to strangers ? 
  i think of suede . 
  a lot of our cultural icons are from there . 
  edit : i meant the karelian isthmus and ladoga karelia , not east karelia . 
  probably the great wrath , i.e. 
  the russian occupation during the great northern war . 
  thousands of civilians were killed and about 20 000 -- 30 000 people ( about 5-10 % per cent of the population ) were captured and sold to slavery . 
  i support it for adults who are suffering from a incurable illness that causes them significant suffering . 
  but it should n't be an impulsive decision . 
  yeah , corto maltese is great . 
  the sandman by neil gaiman is also awesome , though also not suitable for young children . 
  anything tastes good with enough butter . 
  i always eat my potatoes with skin , i 'm too lazy to peel them and the skin tastes good . 
  i 've heard it 's healthy too . 
  yeah . 
  he had seven down votes when i wrote my previous message . 
  seven !, 
  some people need to stop being so judgmental . 
  0 \u00b0 c and snowing . 
  when i was a child there was a belief that if you said the same thing at the same time with someone , you had to hold their little finger with your little finger . 
  then you could make a wish . 
  i highly recommend it . 
  i do n't know how good the translations are , but the language in the finnish novel is extremely beautiful . 
  `` before i could escape your eyes were on me , your pupils focused and you frowned like a biologist who has encountered some unidentified species of slime mold . 
  then , for a moment , i felt something change , and for a second you looked at me like a male , like a buck that feels the scent of a doe , a look that died immediately , but i had already melted , dissolved , sunken deep into a precambrian sea where sea dogs licked my heels and a fiery star scorched my flesh . 
  i felt like i had been looked at in a way that no one else had ever looked at me before . '', 
  have you read the book ? 
  i have n't seen either one of those . 
  i 'm reading the novel k\u00e4til\u00f6 is based on though and it 's awesome . 
  i do n't know if this counts , but in finnish `` muna '' means `` egg '' , but it 's also a popular euphemism for penis . 
  then there 's `` panna '' which means `` to put ( something somewhere '' and it 's also an euphemism for having sex . 
  i was surprised to learn that many other finno-ugric languages have the same thing . 
  apparently the connection between egg and dick and putting and fucking is very ancient . 
  yeah . 
  we all know a bit of english so we watch movies in english , and then we learn more english and so on and so forth . 
  it 's a bit of a chicken and egg question . 
  i learned english from american movies , which probably contributed to me wanting watch american movies . 
  same with music . 
  i think it 's just because hollywood produces a lot of movies and tv shows . 
  i guess that a lot of movies are also made in india and china , but those are n't really marketed here at all . 
  i guess they 're too different culturally . 
  some are some are n't , as i imagine it is in america too . 
  we almost exclusively watch american movies and tv shows anyhow . 
  for men between the ages 25 -- 74 it 's 178 cm . 
  for men between the ages 25 -- 34 it 's 179 cm . 
  is n't the whole election a formality anyways ? 
  i honestly do n't understand why you 're being down voted , you made a good point . 
  i mean , what the fuck askeurope guys ? 
  he explained his opinion well . 
  no need to down vote him . 
  that 's very weird considering that their culture is probably the most widespread culture that there is . 
  all around the world people watch american movies and american tv series , listen to american music , read american novels ... 
  i think the last territorial change was back when we lost a bunch of land in ww2 . 
  here 's a map of the lost territories : http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-nrjwr8digui/uszukvp0kti/aaaaaaaaagi/q4wxsqgadac/s1600/kartta_b.jpg, 
  yeah , well i would n't say that a jihadist is `` part of the danish community '' , would you ? 
  obviously someone who runs and joins isis has n't integrated into european society and does n't self-identify as a european . 
  i think that americans should stop being so obsessed with people 's skin color . 
  you have all these confusing race categories that make no sense since scientifically speaking there is only one human race of which we 're all part of . 
  i 'll never understand why people want to make such a fuzz about something as trivial as skin color . 
  it 's just melanin . 
  the whole american concept of race is really confusing anyhow . 
  like `` latin american '' is supposed to be a race even though they come literally in every shade ? 
  and also for some reason a person who 's partly black and partly white is always considered back no matter what their actual skin color is . 
  me too . 
  there are some scientologists here , but no many .
