  you aught to refrein from debateing publically untill youve maid moore progres then this . 
  yeah , but i think that part of the reason why people at the time made those decisions , was to make sure that the workers would keep coming . 
  that it made sense to adjust more for the finnish immigrants since they were a much larger group than the italians or the yugos . 
  way more finns came , though . 
  one tenth of the population of finland moved to sweden in the 60s and 70s . 
  i imagine the argument was something like : `` we need workers '' . 
  sweden was richer and more industrialized and had been left unscathed by the war . 
  there was a lack of cheap workers . 
  so i guess it made sense at the time to try to make sure the finns would keep coming . 
  yeah , him too . 
  they 're not swedish . 
  they 're finnish people whose native language is swedish . 
  edit : spelling, 
  the thing is , it 's not the `` swedish minority '' it 's the `` swedish speaking finns '' . 
  they 're not immigrants , they 're just as finnish as everyone else . 
  finland has two official languages : swedish and finnish . 
  at least in theory they are equal . 
  swedish has been spoken in finland since the middle ages . 
  there are many regions in finland where swedish is the majority language , and it has been so for a very long time . 
  besides , all the rich and educated people used to speak swedish . 
  before the latter half of the 19th century swedish was the language of the nobility , the law and the arts . 
  some of the most famous finns were swedish speaking . 
  johan ludvig runeberg who wrote the lyrics to our national anthem , marshal mannerheim who led the finnish army through all the wars , carl johan st\u00e5hlberg who was the first president of finland , axel gallen-kallela who is the most iconic finnish painter : all these were finns spoke swedish as their native language . 
  bottom line : they 're finns , not swedes . 
  yeah . 
  trump may be the worst u.s. president ever , while putin certainly is n't the worst leader of russia , not even close . 
  well , trump is a really terrible president compared to most u.s. presidents , while putin really is n't that bad compared to some of the madmen who 've ruled his country . 
  i would n't be too sure about that . 
  it seems that any serious criticism of the russian government or it 's actions is banned . 
  the one country 's right to be concerned does n't trump the other country 's right to hold military drills . 
  just because russia would prefer that we stop defending our borders does n't mean that we should do so . 
  countries have the right to train their army to defend their borders , and they have a right to invite foreign armies on their soil . 
  if cuba wants to have military drills with the russian army , they have a right to do so . 
  you do n't see how russia acknowledging that finland is an independent country can improve the relationship with finland and russia ? 
  one of my all time favorite movies , * lawrence of arabia * , literally has no talking female characters . 
  only a few women are even seen . 
  but it makes sense because it 's a war movie , and takes place in a rather patriarchal society, 
  actually , finland is n't in the nato . 
  but yeah , it 's ridiculous . 
  russia totally has the right fight a war ukraine because a bunch of separatists invited them , but god forbid finland wants to do a military drill with the american army . 
  the whole thread is insane . 
  here are a few gems :  `` finland has become such a fucking joke it 's not even funny any more . '', 
   `` however , many russians , even on r/russia , tend to think that finland is still an independent country ''  `` you have the right to do whatever the hell you want and russia has the right to respond accordingly . '', 
   `` all i 'm saying is that if you play games , expect to get played in return . '', 
   `` wut , estonia and latvija ? 
  they 're almost entirely russian , ethnically . '', 
  ah , so does it mean `` please '' in the begging-for-mercy sense of the word ? 
  nah , i 'm too lazy to fight a war for a few beaches . 
  i think i 'll just sit at home and take karelia back in the traditional way : [ bottle by bottle ] ( https://www.kbsinstitute.org/images/pullo/rimg2490.jpg ) . 
   important organ organs, 
  yeah , i think so . 
  i 've just never heard if such a stereotype . 
  yeah , but i do n't understand the joke . 
  we also used to have access to the arctic ocean . 
  it 's weird to think that 78 years ago finland still had a shore in lake ladoga and another in the arctic ocean . 
  but having some knowledge is happening in the world is considered an important part of being a civilized person . 
  for a democracy to unction properly , it is crucial that the voters are well-informed enough to make wise decisions . 
  and in this age of information there is really no excuse for being ignorant of world affairs and politics . 
  mind you , i 'm not claiming that americans are more ignorant than other people , i 'm just saying that people should try to learn about the world they live in , whether they 're interested in it or not . 
  i do n't understand the south america one ? 
  yeah , google translate does n't really work well with finnish . 
  what does it mean ? 
  that people prefer to talk about controversial subjects rather than something everyone agrees about ? 
  why would anyone comment ? 
  we all agree that those people are a bunch of evil bastards . 
  there 's no need to even have a conversation since it 's obvious that we all think this . 
  yeah , there are many important people there who have to be protected from assassination plots and terrorism . 
   women are simply easier to empower . 
  i think you mean `` overpower '' , not `` empower '' . 
  i wonder how it would be if you 've count the suicide statistics . 
  rape increases the risk of suicide quite a lot . 
  i think most people would rather get beaten up , though . 
  free translation : `` perkele !, 
  do n't you touch that , goddamnit !, 
  were you planning to take that trash bag ? 
  * ( to the dog ) * hugo !, 
  come here !, 
  stay !, 
  hugo ? 
  hugo ? 
  hugo , stay !, 
  hugo , stay !, 
  go inside now . 
  * ( to the bear ) * for fucks sakes !, 
  if you come here i 'll fucking hit you with this broom !, 
  * ( laughing ) * '', 
  actually , for most of european history , monarchs were n't autocrats , i.e. 
  the sole ruler of a country . 
  usually the nobility also had quite a lot of political power since they owned most of the land . 
  i believe that a big part of the problem was that kongo was actually the personal property of king leopold . 
  when an utterly unscrupulous monster becomes the sole ruler of a country , and the owner of all the things and people in it , bad stuff is bound to happen . 
   i saw several apologists explaining that this stuff must have been exaggerated or completely fabricated because treating your workers or slaves like that would be unprofitable . 
  the sad thing is that it was probably somewhat profitable to do this . 
  fear is a powerful weapon , and people are much more likely to work hard if they fear a brutal punishment like this . 
   both as bad as each other . 
  i really would n't say that . 
  for all it 's faults , america * is * an actual democracy with freedom of speech . 
  and people who publicly criticize trump are n't imprisoned or assassinated . 
  really ? 
  i 've had the opportunity to swim in the mediterranean a few times , and loved how warm the water was .
