  was n't the actual number more like 2000 ? 
  protesting in a church should n't land you in prison . 
  it 's the country that has a problem , not the protestors . 
  i googled this , and it 's seems that it was indeed called ukonlehm\u00e4 a long time ago . 
  i have no idea why it was called that , it 's an old pagan name . 
  the modern name * lepp\u00e4kerttu * ( `` red gertrude '' ) is a christian name . 
  when i was a kid i learned that if a ladybug lands on your hand , walks to the tip of your finger , and flies way , you get to make a wish . 
  but you need to make the wish while the ladybug is walking on your finger , before it flies away . 
  and you need to sing it a song/spell : * lenn\u00e4 , lenn\u00e4 , lepp\u00e4kerttu ison kiven juureen * ( `` fly , fly ladybug , fly to the big stone '' ) * siell\u00e4 is\u00e4s \u00e4itis keitt\u00e4\u00e4 sulle puuroo !, 
  * ( there your parents will cook you porridge ! ), 
  all hail blood gertrud !!, 
  i believe it spread to the nordic countries along with christianity . 
  it 's the name of a christian saint . 
  that 's still pretty damn vikingy . 
  ours sounds like a viking queen : * red gertrud * . 
  technically , war is n't a reason to be granted asylum , though . 
  asylum is granted to victims of persecution . 
  you could live in a battlefield and that would n't really grant you asylum . 
  so a person ca n't seek asylum because their city is being bombed , but they can seek asylum if they can prove that they 're personally being persecuted by the taliban , for example . 
  wow , that 's a really stupid reason to be opposed to the flag . 
  what the fuck is going on in that photo ? 
  yeah , here a group wants to build a big mosque in helsinki , funded by saudi money . 
  i think it 's a very bad idea , because the saudis are n't giving that money for free . 
  they will try to influence the muslim community here , and they 'll send their imams and scholars here to spread wahhabism . 
  it 's because the summer has been so cold . 
  they 're all dead . 
   it 's not as if terrorism is in their teachings it kinda is , though . 
  luckily , most mulsims are normal , good people who ignore that particular part of the qu ` ran . 
  just like how christians ignore most of the old testament and do n't walk around stoning adulterers or forcing rape victims to marry their rapists . 
  i do n't see a problem with islam as long as it 's followers do n't break our laws . 
  ... now i 'm scared of stairs, 
  i 've never heard of a european christian or atheist having their son circumcised for aesthetic reasons . 
  here 's [ a photo of the opera stage ] ( http://images.cdn.yle.fi/image/upload//w_1198,h_674,q_70/13-3-9011024.jpg ), 
  yeah , but there are less than two thousand jews here , so they do n't have as much influence as the muslim community . 
  well , i 'm pretty sure that it would be illegal if people were n't so scared of appearing islamophobic . 
  and many horrible wars were fought between catholics and protestants . 
  the perpetrators of those attacks had no political motives , though , which is why they are n't considered terrorist attacks . 
  i agree . 
  it 's ridiculous that we let people mutilate baby genitals for religion . 
  i know this is a very islamophobic thing to say , but i absolutely do n't condone any kind of infant genital mutilation . 
  if i were to mutilate a puppy , i would go to prison for animal abuse . 
  but when a person does the same thing to a muslim baby , they face no punishment . 
  does our legislation consider muslims less valuable than dogs ? 
  there 's nothing wrong with saying that . 
  no , i 'm just saying that i do n't think that murdering children is ever justified . 
  i do n't care how marginalized or oppressed these terrorists feel , they have no right to go around shooting toddlers . 
   most of the terrorists were n't refugees . 
  even so once assimilated refugees are often used as cheap labour . 
  then they were economic migrants . 
  are you saying that we should turn away economic migrants just because they happen to be muslim ? 
   they are treated like pariahs in those countries though . 
  the places they live are turned in ghettos , etc. 
  you 're saying that as if europeans are somehow purposefully mistreating immigrants or turning their neighborhoods into ghettos . 
  but we did n't `` import cheap labour '' ? 
  we took in refugees who were fleeing from a horrible war . 
  and what do you mean when you say that we did n't treat them like humans ? 
  we provided them with food , shelter , health care and education . 
  i think that 's the correct way to treat ones fellow man . 
   did the three jewish children in toulouse deserve to die ? 
  probably not . 
  no more than anyone else does . 
  maybe they were bad people ? 
  i did n't know them . 
  [ this is gabriel sandler . 
  ] ( http://www.vosizneias.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/f120319fff01-725x517.jpg ) he was three years old . 
  he was in the schoolyard with his brother and father , when the terrorist opened fire . 
  the father tried to shield his sons with his body , but the terrorist killed them all . 
  how can you think that a three year old child could have such a bad person , that he deserved to be murdered ? 
  salman ramadan abedi blew himself up in an ariana grande concert in manchester . 
  also , are you seriously comparing muslims to dogs ? 
  do you mean to say that the victims of these attacks deserved to die because they `` did n't treat the attackers like humans '' ? 
  did the three jewish children in toulouse deserve to die ? 
  what about the ten cartoonists in paris ? 
  or the people who died in nice , the london bridge , at the ariana grande concert , in bruxelles airport , in the berlin christmas market , in stockholm ? 
  what did all these people do to deserve their fates ? 
  you say that they did n't treat the attackers as humans , what do you mean by this ? 
  perhaps , but most do n't actually walk around killing apostates . 
  it was a massacre committed with political intent : by definition it 's an act of terrorism . 
   however hijab bans are entirely unreasonable imo even for public servants . 
  have n't seen a good argument on why hijab should be banned yet . 
  i mean to me hijab is no different than a hat . 
  it 's a religious symbol . 
  public servants represent the state and the state is neutral . 
  the state is not a religious entity , but as a secular one , and because of that it 's servants should n't bear religious symbols like hijabs , crosses , nun 's habits , turbans or yarmulkes . 
  of course , it 's an important distinction to make . 
  criticizing islamic practices like female genital mutilation , honor killings or jihad is n't islamophobia . 
  claiming that all muslims are murderers who should be gassed is islamophobia . 
  these two must not be conflated . 
  they could . 
  there have been loads of huge anti-islamophobia and anti-racism marches lately . 
  i do n't see why there would n't be more of those in the future . 
  almost all of them are decent enough people to ignore that part , though . 
  i think that there is a difference between bashing muslims , and trying to justify a massacre of innocent people . 
  one is just a shitty thing to do , while the other is downright dangerous . 
  seriously , is this what you call retaliation ? 
  mudering a bunch of innocent men women and children because they happen to share a religion with some bad people ? 
  by this logic we should all be dead . 
  if everyone thought this way we would all be dead . 
  sure , isis probably does n't give a shit about what any of us do or say , because we 're dirty infidels who need to be killed anyways . 
  but it might matter to the young men who join isis and commit attacks in europe .
