  '' , meaning that i do n't understand why you think it 's inhumane that basic education is mandatory here . 
  and in a society there has to be some laws . 
  in a democracy these laws are written by member of parliament , who are chosen by the people . 
  by voting , everyone can affect these laws . 
  i think that this is the best possible system , much better than a dictatorship like nazi germany , or a monarchy like saudi arabia . 
  and i think that it 's a good law . 
  education is a human right . 
  all children are entitled to good education . 
  which is a good thing , because in this country it 's impossible to get a job without some education . 
  a child who is denied basic education would be at a huge disadvantage in life . 
  if there was no law , then some parents might decide to make their children work instead of going to school . 
  this would be very unfair for these children . 
  oh i do n't make the rules , the democratically elected parliament does . 
  here they do n't live in nomad camps , though . 
  they have apartments and houses , which makes things much easier . 
  only the eastern european beggars are homeless , and they usually do n't have children . 
  are they ? 
  could be that they 're just less tanned because of less sunlight . 
  i think everyone 's just too scared of being labeled a racist , so people hesitate to act in cases like this . 
  what 's inhumane about that , though ? 
  parents who do n't let their child go to school clearly are n't fit to be parents . 
  so only 10 % of isis members kill and rape and torture random civilians , and the rest just want to attack the us ? 
  and here people say that it 's islamophobic to be opposed to saudi arabia funding the building of a huge mosque in helsinki . 
  i 'm not islamophobic , i just do n't like the idea of saudi arabia sending wahhabist imams and teachers here . 
  i thought that by saying that `` they hate the roma even more than the rest of us '' you meant to say that we ( europeans ) all hate roma . 
  it seems that i misunderstood your comment , my apologies . 
   when was the last time some poor guy sitting in iraq who 's family got killed by a us bomb 's killed somebody ? 
  so you think that isis does everything they do because they 're mad at the us ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  why do they flog men for smoking why do they throw gays of buildings ? 
  why do they mass rape yezidi girls ? 
  why do they stone women for `` indecency '' ? 
  why did they execute two boys for eating during ramadan ? 
  how is any of this supposed to hurt the us ? 
  i just told you what you can do . 
  the teacher contacts the police and the cps , they find the family and the kid is placed in foster care . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  here all children have to go to school , and if they do n't , then child protection services takes the kid away from the parents . 
  well yes , we do indeed think that murdering children is a rather braindead thing to do . 
   they hate the roma even more than the rest of us speak for yourself asshole , i do n't hate any ethnic group, 
  i am betting that honest romani people will suffer from this even more , even though they also are n't responsible for crimes committed by other romani . 
  here many of them dress in a very distinctive way , especially the women . 
  the women wear huge black velvet skirts and loose blouses decorated with sequins and lace . 
  the men wear black trousers and jackets and often a vest and necktie . 
  [ - finnish roma women ] ( http://images.cdn.yle.fi/image/upload//w_1199,h_800,f_auto,fl_lossy,q_auto/13-3-9312069.jpg ) - [ finnish roma men ] ( https://static.ylilauta.org/files/70/orig/cndvu9ce/24406944-800x_.jpg ), 
  here all children have to go to school for nine years , it 's the law . 
  i think that 's a good thing , parents ca n't force their kids to quit school and start working . 
  i happen to think that murdering children is evil no matter what the situation . 
  there is no excuse for detonating a bomb in a crowd of unarmed civilians . 
  it is cowardly , and cruel , and wrong . 
  whoever did this is fucking evil . 
  i do n't give a shit about the their religion or their nationality . 
  i do n't care if god himself told them to do this . 
  this is unacceptable . 
  you think isis gives a shit about innocent middle easterners being murdered ? 
  isis loves murdering middle easterners !, 
  they 've publicly humiliated , beaten , enslaved , mutilated , maimed , flogged , gang raped , tortured , shot , beheaded , crucified and fucking * burned alive * thousands of middle easterners . 
  they believe that anyone who does n't ' subscribe to their particular branch of insanity deserves to die . 
  yeah , if these people are mad at the u.s. military , why do n't they try to attack the pentagon or something ? 
  why do they kill jewish school kids or french cartoonists or random swedes ? 
  yeah , british children definitely deserve to get blown up because of something the u.s. did . 
   `` police have alleged the clan has some 500 members interwoven by kinship or marriage  the skilled young burglars , prized for their discretion and lower chance of being jailed , were traded between the various families , reinhold bergmann , the commissioner for organized burglary crime , said in a statement . 
   they have no choice but to participate , '' bergmann told the german newspaper s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung . '', 
  i wish something could be done about this stuff , but it 's difficult . 
  they do n't trust outsiders , and outsiders do n't trust them . 
  it 's hard to do anything about crime in these communities , because if a person in the community talks to the police , they get excluded from the clan . 
  and if an outsider talks about it , people call them a racist . 
  i hope that with better education and welfare these things will eventually end . 
  in my country the situation seems to be much better than in eastern europe , and i think it 's because of better living standards and education . 
  could be coincidence , though . 
  there ave been so many terrorist incidents that some of them are bound to be on some anniversary, 
  yeah , we all thought that the shooter in munich was isis , but he was actually a nazi freak . 
   anything larger and we burn moscov of the maps . 
  this has been attempted many times before , by big armies , and it did n't work out then . 
  why would it work out now ? 
  what does gdp matter when you have a big army and lots of guns ? 
  he 's joking . 
  it is n't in all subreddits , though . 
  for example , check out the [ finnish subreddit ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/suomi/ ) . 
  as you can see , almost everything is in finnish . 
  holy shit , that 's insane . 
  also , in russia cossack units often functioned as a sort of riot police , they would disperse protesters by using their horses , whips and sabres . 
  if i were to take a knife and peel off the skin from a baby 's finger tip , i would go to prison for a very long time . 
  why it 's okay to do with another part of the body , i do n't understand . 
  well , it * is * a rather beautiful sight ... 
  ... fucking better people . 
  wait , you can into nordics , but we ca n't ? 
  what ?!?!, 
  ... fucking netherlands , you win this round . 
  i disagree with you . 
  i do n't care about who 's armies are fighting there , these people have lost their homes and as human beings it 's our responsibility to help them . 
  my country has nothing to do with the war in syria . 
  our army is n't fighting there . 
  that does n't mean that we do n't need to take refugees . 
  it may not be our fault , but it is nevertheless our responsibility to help our fellow man . 
   education has become very feminized , sit still , write your papers , do n't make a peep , listen . 
  so you think that schools have gotten * less * free lately ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that in the past teachers were even stricter , and students were expected to sit still and be quiet , even more so than now . 
  100 years ago school children definitely had to behave , and back then most teachers were men , and there were likely more male students than female ones . 
  not in ww1 or the finnish civil war .
