  what words are there that do n't have an equivalent in english ? 
  are there a lot of danish loan words in your language ? 
  that 's surprising considering how some americans are always talking about how they have no limitations in freedom of expression , and calling germans evil freedom hating fascists for banning the use of the swastika . 
  as far as i know they do n't have to live in reservations if they do n't want to , though . 
  i do n't really understand the whole thing about the reservations . 
  i 've seen much written about how horrible the living conditions in the reservations are and how they 're very poor and rife with crime , and how wrong it is that the us government does n't care about them . 
  but i do n't understand what the us government could do if the reservations have sovereignty . 
  of course they do . 
  most people who frequent this sub are europeans and as such are used to freedom of expression . 
  in most european countries it would be regarded as completely absurd to suggest restrictions on the way people dress . 
  yes , they were oppressed by not providing adequate support for their language and culture . 
  finland , sweden and norway tried to assimilate them into the majority culture during and after ww2 . 
  people believed the sami could only live lives fit for human beings if they gave up their traditional nomadic way of life . 
  the sami children did n't receive any education in their native language , but in the language of the majority . 
  they often were n't allowed to speak their language in boarding schools as this was thought to infer with their learning of the majority 's language . 
  there are also sami living in russia . 
  i do n't know much about how the soviet union treated them , probably the same way as they treated all minorities . 
  yeah , i find it very annoying how some children 's books , hollywood movies and even history books like to portray native americans before the arrival of europeans . 
  they 're frequently portrayed as these innocent childlike hippies living in harmony with nature . 
  it 's kinda racist . 
  they were human beings who were brutally murdered , not cute fairytale characters who never fought wars or conquered other peoples . 
  some people seem to try to underline the horrors of european colonialism by portraying the victims as angelical beings with no human flaws , and their societies as extremely egalitarian and peaceful . 
  i think that portraying 19th century native americans as noble savages with 21th century views and opinions does more harm than good . 
  we should n't think that the genocide of native americans was wrong because they were great people . 
  we should think that it was wrong because genocide is perhaps the most revolting , abominable and blatantly evil crime that there is . 
  genocide is always wrong , and does n't matter who the victims are . 
  as humans we have to remember this , or be doomed forever to repeat our past mistakes . 
  you say that `` those same europeans sell cheap plastic copies of their most sacred artifacts '' , and you 're wrong since they 're not the same europeans who genocided the americans . 
  those europeans died centuries ago . 
  yeah , except that in the real world we have to get along with each other somehow and figure out how to make everyone 's happy . 
  a blogger here gained quite a lot of attention after she criticized a finnish writer for writing a novel with a jewish and an african character . 
  the blogger said that it 's dangerous and oppressive for finnish writers to write about non-finnish characters . 
  a lot of people seem to agree with her , and since we do n't want to act like evil imperialists , we should stop writing about characters who 's skin color or nationality is different from ours , right ? 
  except that at the same time many people are saying that immigrants are being marginalized because they 're not being represented enough in finnish fiction , and that it 's eurocentristic that there are so few non-finnish and non-white characters on finnish movies and tv shows . 
  and it is kind of a big deal if a large part of the inhabitants of my country feel oppressed and marginalized , and we should do something about it . 
  there just seems to be no way to agree about what exactly we should do . 
  um , legally speaking , it is his headdress if he bought it legally . 
  it is not illegal for people of one skin color to own things invented by people of another skin color in any country that i know of . 
  wait , can people who are half black and half white still wear cornrows , even though technically they 're equally black and white ? 
  the closest inuit to us live in greenland , which is pretty far away . . 
  i ca n't imagine how we could have managed to steal land from them . 
  wait , how did we manage to piss of the inuits ? 
  once i was at a party with maybe 100 or 200 people on a beach in the evening . 
  three police came and they just walked around checking peoples ids . 
  if you were underage , or could n't produce a valid id to prove your age , they would pour away your drink . 
  otherwise the cops were very nice and polite . 
  probably more common than public sobriety . 
  some americans seem to think finland is cool because we won a war against the soviet union . 
  we did n't . 
  well then finnish culture and african american culture would be equal . 
  neither ever oppressed the other as far as i know . 
  so he should feel ashamed about whatever his ancestors did ? 
  why should he feel ashamed ? 
  because of something someone else did hundred of years ago , which he could do nothing about because he did n't fucking exist ? 
  here a pretty famous blogger wrote an article about how finnish writers should only write about finnish characters , because anything else would be imperialist . 
  this reminds me of a finnish blogger of immigrant descent who accused a finnish writer of cultural appropriation , because the writer wrote a book with a jewish character . 
  because apparently finns are only allowed to write about finns . 
  it 's strange , before everyone were concerned about how immigrants are n't represented enough in our media . 
  now , i do n't think people will dare to include them in movies or tv shows anymore because people fear that it would be insensitive , somehow . 
  during the great northern war the russian army captured approximately 30 000 finnish people and sold them to slavery . 
  that 's 7,5 percent of the population , more than one in twenty people . 
  of course thousands of people were killed , too . 
  i however , fail to see why on earth i should feel but hurt about , say , a russian person selling traditional finnish handicrafts . 
  in fact , i would be delighted to hear that a foreigner is interested in my culture . 
  what happened , happened centuries ago . 
  being mad at something someone 's ancestors did makes no sense whatsoever . 
  i do n't think it makes sense for someone to be pissed of at me for something someone else who happened to look like me did to someone else who happened to look like her , centuries ago . 
  what population has n't been subjected to all sorts of brutalities at some point ? 
  i ca n't think of any . 
  i 'd also like to know what your definition of a dominant culture is . 
  because one could argue that compared to finns , for example , african american culture is very much dominant both in terms of size and influence . 
  so i should be allowed to wear box braids , and african americans should n't wear traditional finnish clothing , right ? 
  it 's nonsense . 
  the whole idea of cultural appropriation is based on the idea that cultures are clearly defined , separate entities , and that people should act in a way that fits their culture or race and avoid outside influence . 
  it 's a very xenophobic concept . 
  different tribes and peoples have always influenced each other . 
  and it is completely impossible to not appropriate some culture . 
  i myself eat pasta , wear clothes made of cotton , drink coffee , read latin letters , count in arabic numbers , use a japanese phone and celebrate christmas to honor a middle-eastern god . 
  if i wished to not appropriate any cultures i would have to live in a cottage in the forest easting swedes and rye bread wearing something like this : https://kansallispuvussa.files.wordpress.com/2016/11/k_karstula.jpg the weirdest thing about people who rant about cultural appropriation is that they only seem concerned about it when its `` white '' people appropriating `` non-white '' cultures . 
  for example they say that white people should n't be allowed to have dreadlocks or sing blues because those are things that somehow belong to african americans , because they invented them . 
  however , they do n't think that black people are n't allowed to play classical music or straighten their hair . 
  this is hypocritical . 
  you ca n't call something racist only when one group does it . 
  they say that the reason why white people are n't allowed to appropriate the cultures is that we have oppressed and enslaved some other peoples in history . 
  which is of course true . 
  but the mongolians , the han chinese , the manchus , the aztecs , the japanese or the arabs have also historically committed genocides or taken slaves . 
  so these people are somehow allowed to forget their past mistakes and appropriate whatever cultures they want , but europeans are n't . 
  i find this somewhat illogical . 
  here in the summer it 's amazing when some birds do n't stop singing at all , because the night only really lasts two hours or so . 
  sisu and coffee . 
  it 's fish baked in a bread . 
  it 's actually not dry at all . 
  that 's a `` ryynimakkara '' . 
  that depends a bit on the language though . 
  for an english speaker learning related languages like dutch , german or swedish would be quite easy , while learning something more distant like french or russian would be a bit harder . 
  and learning a non indo-european language like finnish , hungarian or basque would be much harder . 
  ooh we have lots of these : pea soup ( some people hate it , but most like it very much , i personally love it ) http://vuodatus-static.vuodatus.net/g/16487/406336.jpg kalakukko ( a type of fish pie , absolutely delicious ) http://www.omat.fi/sopassa/kuvat/kuva_350/kalakukko.jpg liver casserole : http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-i7h2z4w7lnu/vhhstgee3ai/aaaaaaaao2s/zcn0i4yk6ve/s1600/img_2396%255b1%255d.jpg tappaiskeitto ( literally `` killing soup '' , made of internal organs , tastes amazing ) http://mediaserver-2.vuodatus.net/g/3/34108/1343385919_img-f9090afb79d22c3fe89754b0d709308a.jpg, 
  being a tourist is quite different from actually moving abroad . 
  it 's very hard for an immigrant who does n't speak the language of the country to integrate . 
  yes , i should have specified that i was speaking about the wartime occupation before things stabilized .
