  happy people do n't usually ram cars into pedestrians or shoot jewish school children . 
  so a person who is completely content with his life and has no ill experiences of westerners is less likely to start killing them . 
  the people who join isis actually tend to have a rather similar psychological profile as those who commit columbine style non-political mass shootings . 
  they feel worthless , marginalized and are very unsatisfied with their life for whatever reason . 
  and attacks like this are more likely to push these kinds of young nut jobs over the edge . 
  it 's not fair , and it 's not justified , but that 's how it is . 
  um , would n't that still be a political motive and hence terrorism ? 
  unless you mean `` personal revenge '' , as in , some people in that mosque offended him or something . 
  i think that was a sarcastic * nice * . 
  as in : `` nice , the only people committing terrorist attacks here are the very same people who fervently claim to be fighting against it '' . 
  actually , they do think she is a virgin . 
  they think that god did a miracle , and made a virgin pregnant with a prophet . 
  they believe that jesus had no father , while christians believe that jesus was the son of god . 
  how about you fuck off , you 're being rude as shit . 
  good point . 
  i generally agree , but this article discusses type 3 female genital mutilation , which is the most common type among somali and ethiopian immigrants . 
  it 's very brutal , and not really comparable to male circumcision i.e. 
  removal of the foreskin . 
  in type 3 fgm the woman 's clitoris and labia minor are removed completely . 
  the opening between her labia major is then sown shut , leaving only a tiny hole through which urine and period blood come out . 
  the process is very dangerous because of a high risk of getting infections or just bleeding to death . 
  it also causes many health problems in the long run . 
  as urine and period blood get stuck inside the vulva , mutilated women often suffer from difficult infections . 
  when a woman marries and has sex for the first time , her husband has to tear her open , which can also cause infections . 
  sex is often painful and difficult . 
  childbirth can be extremely dangerous , because scar tissue surrounding the vulva can make the opening too small for the baby 's head to fit through . 
  i think he 's exaggerating . 
  i mean , even most finns do n't hate russia . 
  we do n't particularly like living next to a huge dictatorship which likes to meddle in our business , and which attacked ukraine and may do the same to us someday . 
  but hate is a strong word . 
  for us it 's more like : `` if we join nato we may piss off russia and then we 're screwed , better to just lie low and be as inoffensive as possible '', 
   the older officers used the terms `` russians '' and `` enemy '' interchangeably here it 's the same thing . 
  i think it 's kinda understandable . 
  i mean , who else would ever invade us ? 
  sweden ? 
  estonia ? 
  i agree with the sentiment , but you have to understand that the situation is different for different countries . 
  we share a thousand kilometer border with russia , while you 're situated safely on the other side of the continent . 
  i understand that it 's an important part of their culture and religion , but ca n't they just , you know , * stop * ? 
  you 'd think that these women would be overjoyed when they find out that this is illegal in sweden . 
  but instead they travel all the way back to their home country so they can cut off their five year old daughter 's labia and clitoris and sew up her vagina . 
  i try to be tolerant and understanding , but this ritual is just disgusting , and anyone who does this should go to prison . 
  i mean , if a blonde swede were to cut off her daughters ' genitals , she would definitely go to prison for a long time . 
  we would never let this happen to a swedish girl , so why do we let this happen to immigrant girls ? 
  oh come one , halla-aho , hakkarainen and huhtasaari are way crazier than that . 
  but he definitely was n't a nazi when he gave finland that airplane , since that happened in 1918 . 
  just in case someone does n't know it , the swastika of the finnish air force is n't related to the nazis at all . 
  a swedish nobleman called eric von rosen gave the finnish army it 's first airplane . 
  he had painted a swastika on the wings of the plane for luck . 
  because of this , the swastika became the symbol of the finnish air force . 
  do you have a source for the isis flag person ? 
  well , heinrich heine , the man who said this , was right about his society . 
  i 've never seen them in finland . 
  yeah , in finland it 's illegal to have a knife in your bag unless you have a good reason , like work or hobby . 
  for example if you need it for your work , or you 're going hiking , then it 's fine . 
  but you ca n't carry a knife for self-defense purposes . 
  it 's an ethical problem . 
  solitary confinement very much qualifies as torture , and torture is a huge human rights violation . 
  respect for human rights is one of the most important principles on which our societies are built . 
  europe is civilized . 
  we do n't torture prisoners like the americans , or russians , or arabs do . 
  should we abandon our european laws and values because of a few terrorist son 's of bitches ? 
  and that 's a good thing . 
  they 're forced to do their attacks with less planning , which means that they 're less likely to be successful . 
  actually , solitary confinement * is * a human rights violation . 
  we ca n't just change the rules no matter how evil a person is . 
  it kinda looks like during the past couple centuries people have been stealing stones from the castle and using them to build houses . 
  i was n't trying to make an excuse . 
  i was just explaining why they probably decided to use a burkha . 
  not that it 's relevant , but i 'm pretty sure that the qur ` an says something about veiling . 
  chapter 24 , verse 30 : * `` ... and not display their beauty except what is apparent , and they should place their khumur over their bosoms ... '' * a khumur is plural of khimar , the veil covering the head . 
  source : https://www.al-islam.org/hijab-muslim-womens-dress-islamic-or-cultural-sayyid-muhammad-rizvi/quran-and-hijab, 
  is n't the quran literally considered holy , though ? 
  i mean , mocking the quran might have scary consequences . 
  probably because its an easily recognizable symbol of oppression against women in islamist countries . 
  and turkey seems to be becoming more and more islamist every day . 
  thanks for the correction !, 
  because stalin was a paranoid asshole . 
  i believe that the reason he was suspicious of cossacks was because they traditionally formed the riot police of the tsar . 
  it think it 's because of some vikings called `` rus '' who came from roslagen . 
  can you give an example of this ? 
  i mean , it seems to me that mostly slavs were persecuted and discriminate by other slavs , first by the russian empire , and then by the soviet union . 
  who persecuted the slavs historically ? 
  do you mean the nazis ? 
  i do n't really understand what point you 're trying to make . 
  what do you mean ? 
  still does n't sound very logical . 
  finland a western country , and we sure as shit did n't enslave or oppress our slavic neighbors , quite the opposite . 
  i get your point . 
  mongoloid masterrace !!, 
  of course it 's not a real photo of genghis khan , he lived in the 13th century . 
  i just picked a random guy from google to make a joke . 
  ah yes , nothing that genghiz did compares to this . 
  what ? 
  at least if we actually were mongols , we would have colonialist history . 
  that does n't mean that we should n't follow it , though . 
  it 's a good guideline . 
  has she never seen a russian ? 
  wow , he sounds so ... reasonable . 
  i think that this means that there is still hope for all the young extremists of europe .
