  why should n't independent countries be allowed to make an alliance with whomever they want ? 
  yeah , most russian people are really nice , but damn do they have a bad taste in leaders . 
  no one was defending the us , or giving them a free pass to do anything . 
  we were talking about russia . 
  so why re you going on about us ? 
  you know , crimes committed by the us shit do n't somehow negate crimes committed by russia . 
  no one was defending the us , or giving them a free pass to do anything . 
  we were talking about russia . 
  so why re you going on about us ? 
  you know , crimes committed by the us shit do n't somehow negate crimes committed by russia . 
  you must understand that the situation looks very different when your country is actually right next to russia , just like ukraine and georgia . 
  everybody group hug !, 
  well the other option is allying with some other country and attacking the others , including russia . 
  i imagine there 'd be a bigger chance of the us just ignoring an attack a bunch of nordic countries of the other side of the globe , than russia ignoring an attack on its soil . 
  i mean , if a nato country is attacked , the worst thing that can happen to the us is losing an ally . 
  yeah , sorry , i forgot to say that mediterranean countries also have their own category . 
  jesus is just a god . 
  personally i think that mocking gods is fine . 
  i mean , they 're supposed be omnipotent , i 'm sure they do n't give a shit about some mortal 's halloween costume . 
  and mocking authorities is usually a good thing . 
  if they do n't approve they can just throw down a lightning or something . 
  i used to only encounter people talking cultural appropriation on some weird american websites . 
  i thought it was a strange fringe movement . 
  now , suddenly our media is writing about it all the time . 
  recently laura lindstedt , a finnish writer , wrote a novel called `` oneiron '' , which received many prestigious awards . 
  then a blogger and media personality called koko hubara , who is of yemeni-jewish origin , wrote an article accusing lundstedt of cultural appropriation . 
  according to hubara , lindstedt 's novel was an example of cultural appropriation and exploitation , because the main character is a jewish artist who lives in manhattan . 
  according to her it 's wrong that lindstedt , a western , white woman , writes fiction about a jewish woman . 
  i ca n't understand this . 
  before , people used to complain that there are not enough characters of immigrant background in finnish fiction . 
  now , we 're all colonialists who are exploiting marginalized groups if we write about `` non-white '' characters . 
  apparently this is because we finns ( a bit more than 5 million people ) are a dominant culture compared to oppressed rich american jewish artists who live on manhattan . 
  a lot of big newspapers have written about this . 
  i feel like a horrible bigot , but i just do n't understand why suddenly finnish artists are only allowed to portray native finnish characters , lest we wish to be considered evil colonialists . 
  because as privileged white people we can never understand other peoples ' struggles and any attempt to do so is taking advantage of them . 
  i 'm really worried that this makes me a racist , but i ca n't help thinking that this kind of thinking is dangerous . 
  i really believe that skin color is just melanin , nothing else . 
  underneath , we 're all human being who mostly just want to stay alive and be happy . 
  i think that deciding people into `` white '' and `` people of color '' is silly and makes no sense . 
  why segregate each other like this ? 
  i genuinely believe that we 're all equal in dignity and rights and should act towards one another in a spirit of brotherhood . 
  and i think we should strive to learn from each other , and understand each other . 
  and now i 'm a scared that this makes me an ignorant bigot . 
  this is exactly what i mean . 
  estonians as people often feel more similar to us , but the country is very different because of decades of occupation . 
  i 'd like a longer and cold winter , to be honest . 
  climate change is ruining everything . 
  great military leader but stupid enough to try to invade goddamn russia in the goddamn winter . 
  yeah , i to me estonians seem to be easier to hang out with since they usually have a similar way of communication ( not super happy and positive all the time , not super polite ) , but our society and all the systems are more similar to sweden since we basically copied it from them and were never forced to change stuff . 
  after finland became independent we actually asked a german prince to be our king . 
  he accepted , but then germany lost ww1 and after that a german king would have been political suicide . 
  probably sweden , though we hate to admit it . 
  wait , so we would fight estonia , sweden and norway with this huge weapon factory called russia on our side ? 
  that should n't be too hard . 
  then i do n't understand what people are offended about , since the characters in frozen seem neither particularly anglo-saxon , nor protestant . 
  i always thought that anything that was n't part of the east bloc and is n't a nordic country , is by default central/western europe . 
  edit : edited for clarity, 
  wait , are n't central and western europe the same thing ? 
  yeah , that 's what i meant , thanks . 
  that 's so weird considering that the inuit live on the other side of the globe . 
  that 's so weird . 
  unless they 're using some weird nazi classification , the sami are obviously white . 
  but that does n't make sense . 
  if it 's supposed to take place in , like , medieval lapland , why would there be african or native american people there ? 
  in which country ? 
  different countries have different laws , you know . 
  1 who cares , where hitler was born ? 
  everyone knows that he was born in austria , but i do n't think it matters . 
  countries are n't to blame for people who happen to be born in them . 
  2 why on earth would i want someone else to bag my stuff ? 
  3 brexit is one big mystery to me . 
  4 well , most finns do n't know how to pronounce those words either . 
  french is hard . 
  5 negative , of course . 
  6 i do n't like beer . 
  7 in finland we have mandatory swedish lessons starting usually in seventh grade ( age 13 ) . 
  in most areas in finland finnish speaking people do n't need to use it very often , except for those who encounter swedish speaking customers at work . 
  practically everyone also studies english starting in primary school , and people use it on the internet , or when talking to foreign friends . 
  german , french , russian or spanish are also taught in many schools . 
  in some cities in eastern finland russian may be useful in some jobs because of the great amount of russian tourists . 
  8 i dunno , we mostly watch american or british movies anyway , there are n't that many finnish movies made every year . 
  i 'm pretty sure you can see poor and rich zones in big sub saharan cities like cape town or nairobi . 
  the reason why the holocaust is considered worse than most 20th century genocides is that it was an attempt to completely wipe out every single member of a people , and because it was a modern , extremely well organized and efficient genocide . 
  same thing here , but no one cares . 
  same here . 
  i think it 's good , it 's the jailor 's responsibility to make sure the prisoner does n't escape , not the prisoner 's . 
  i mean , if escaping from prison was punishable , then you could just build a prison with no wall and fences and just tell the inmates to stay inside . 
  it 's illegal for a person younger than eighteen years old to buy or use a sparkler . 
  a fifteen year old can get a permit for using a shotgun or driving a tractor , though . 
  they 're based on the same saint , you know . 
  you know , they make the whole country look like it 's been invaded by ku klux klan . 
  what the fuuuuck ? 
  this is the weirdest one , definitely . 
  that sounds super depressing . 
  the pastries . 
  holy shit , it 's like eating a soft , smooth , perfect piece of heaven while a bunch of fat little cherubs fly around you head playing cembalos . 
  well we sure like japan . 
  i think there are a lot of similarities between our culture and theirs . 
  nope . 
  helsinki is a beautiful city : http://www.tuxboard.com/photos/2015/08/classement-ville-agreable-helsinki.jpg but so is tampere : https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/21/04/17/210417d91724d55a2c31a109dcd59a9c.jpg everyone loves the nature in lapland : http://www.suomesta.ru/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/lappi1.jpg but the finnish lake-land is also beautiful : http://img.yle.fi/uutiset/jyvaskyla/article6188132.ece/alternates/w960/poutapilvet%20pilvi%20maisema%20j\u00e4rvimaisema%20konnevesi.jpg and so is the archipelago : http://static2.visitfinland.com/wp-content/uploads/s\u00f6dersk\u00e4r-majakka-_5398.jpeg,
