  why in seven hells would we * attack * ? 
  unless of course you think that a country fighting against an invasion is `` attacking '' . 
   we have n't instigated coup in ukraine , us did it , with political support of eu countries . 
  do you really think that i will believe anything that comes from the mouth of someone who just threatened to commit genocide against my people ? 
  ah , i can only admire the famous russian negotiation tactic : `` do as we say , or we 'll kill you '' . 
  / u/tobias _ 681 worries that europeans are constructing a narrative where russia is the big bad wolf , but it looks like you can do that on your own . 
  but in all seriousness , as much as i like the idea of turning weaker countries into radioactive ash , the political consequences of using nuclear weapons would be very grave . 
  that 's why neither americans nor russians have used them since nagasaki . 
  dropping a nuclear bomb on finland would cause a huge diplomatic crisis . 
  and it would n't be worth it , because in the end finland is a rather worthless peace of clay . 
  we have nothing of value . 
  no oil , no gas , no nothing . 
  you would kick start a new cold war and murder five million people , and for what ? 
  a heap of radioactive ash and a little show of power . 
   many of the things you can read on here about russia , sound like people are ready to go to war with them anytime , the thing is , many countries do n't really get to decide whether they go to war . 
  if russia started an invasion against finland like they did with ukraine , what choice would we have ? 
  yeah , attacking a large group of police officers with a knife is n't really a sign of a stable mind . 
  `` a la akbar '' sounds like a fancy french dish . 
  the problem is that most women in those red lights districts are working there willingly , and it 's not always easy for the clients or even the police to tell who is a victim of trafficking , and who is n't . 
  i understand what you mean , but i 'd like to point out that it is horrible for the victims . 
  to most people sex trafficking is only something we see on the news , but for a few people that 's their whole life . 
  what should anyone comment ? 
  everyone agrees that this is a horrible problem , and that it 's great that the police operation has been successful . 
  people want to discuss controversial topics , not something we all agree about . 
  we wo n't look away , but what can we do ? 
  only the turkish people can fix turkey . 
  i 'm just saying that the uk does n't represent whole europe , since the continent consists of many different countries with different history and laws . 
  belarus still has death sentence , while finland abolished it 200 years ago . 
  assuming that all europeans are like the british may lead to faulty conclusions . 
   you do n't have the death penalty in europe , because you 're not allowed to , not because you do n't want to . 
  that 's a gross generalization . 
  in finland the last execution during peace time happened in 1825 . 
  that 's almost 200 years ago . 
  after that people have only been executed during wars . 
  the last finnish person to be executed was olavi laiho , who was shot for deserting , spying and treason in 1944 . 
  the last people to be executed in finland were three russian paratrooper spies , also in 1944 . 
  there has never been any serious talk of re-instituting death sentence during peace time . 
  how so ? 
  yeah , but they did it because that idiot hitler spoke on the radio and declared that `` finland fights together with germany '' . 
  which was true , finland intended to attack germany 's support and take back the lands which had been lost in the winter war . 
  of course , bombing a city full of civilians is quite a dishonorable thing to do , but it was n't really what one would call an unprovoked attack . 
  yes , the characters is the novel may do heroic things , but most of them are terrified young boys who have been sent to hell on earth . 
  there are no good guys in war . 
  in the novel on which this movie is based on , an important characters dies , and the narrator coldly remarks that the man has * `` paid his debt to mankind 's shared stupidity '' * . 
  the writer , v\u00e4in\u00f6 linna , was himself a veteran of the continuation war , and his novel is very anti-war . 
  and we started that war , though it could be argued that it was justified because the soviet union had annexed a part of finland in the winter war . 
  but our army continued to march even after regaining the lost territories , and occupied a part of the soviet union which never belonged to us . 
  i think that many people will judge her more harshly precisely because she 's german . 
  when a syrian or iraqi joins isis we can say `` oh , but he was poor and uneducated , and he had been raised into a very fundamentalist culture , he did n't know better '' . 
  but this girl grew up in germany , she definitely should have known better , and there is no excuse for what she did . 
  she would have been exposed to western media , and known what an evil organization isis is . 
  that being said , she is underage , and children should n't be judged as harshly as adults . 
  that should obviously be illegal too . 
  but a consenting adult having her genitals mutilated is n't comparable to someone performing the procedure on a child . 
  well , as someone who cares about women 's rights , i would be equally horrified if i found out that a bunch of finns have started mutilating children in sick religious ceremonies . 
  we spent even more time fighting each other , though , and now we 're all somewhat civil towards each other . 
  so you think that france should deport all the muslims is that it ? 
  do n't you think it 's unjust to collectively punish thousands of innocent people just because they share a religion with criminals ? 
  so what would you have them do ? 
  of course they should n't . 
  but the bitter truth is that there is no way to completely stop it . 
  if you know a solution to terrorism , i 'm sure the french would be delighted to hear it . 
  more than two hundred of theirs have been murdered by isis during the last few years . 
  if you think that the french are somehow happy about this , you are severely deluded . 
  the perpetrators ? 
  i blame isis , not france . 
  oh , i did n't notice . 
  translation of him talking on the phone : `` hello . 
  yes ? 
  * ( silence ) * what ? 
  what ? 
  carlos ... carlos ' car caught fire half a kilometer before the finish line . 
  they stopped it -- really ? 
  * ( silence ) * they ca n't push it to the finish line ? 
  * ( smiling ) * well that 's it then . 
  * ( laughs ) * no way . 
  no way !, 
  yeah , i guess we wo n't be leaving then . 
  * ( walks to the other room ) * '', 
  i do n't think it 's fair to blame france for people like muhammed merah . 
  he does n't really represent the average frenchman , does he ? 
  but it brings france a shit-ton of money in the form of tourist euros . 
  why does this thing even exist ? 
  who the hell needs a manhole sized coin abomination of solid gold ? 
  i learned about it in school . 
  but i guess it 's more relevant to us considering that finland was somehow involved in it ( there 's a debate about this ) . 
  i think this is one of the problems with dictators : when they make stupid decisions , no one dares tell them off . 
  hitler and stalin both did some pretty damn illogical things during the war . 
  and it went both ways . 
  when the tables turned and the germans started retreating , the soviets became infamous for treating prisoners of war terribly . 
  because of this , german soldiers rarely surrendered to the soviets . 
  many preferred to die fighting , since they knew that they would die anyways if they surrendered . 
  meanwhile , on the western front many german soldiers surrendered to the allied forces when it came apparent that the war was lost . 
  moral of the story : always give your enemies a way out , you do n't want to be fighting against desperate men who have nothing to lose . 
  i 've always thought this siege was unnecessary . 
  the fuck did anyone gain from starving a bunch of civilians ? 
  kind of how both world wars were sources of technological inventions . 
  yes , thank you . 
  apparantly you dont posses knowlege of the english tounge . 
  you 're wierd mispellings are humourous but embarassing .
