  it 's a beautiful city , and a good destination for someone who wants a calm , easy and safe city holiday . 
  there are many great restaurants , and the national museum and the main church are both lovely . 
  and i 'm sure that it 's great for someone rich who wants to buy expensive clothes . 
  but it 's certainly not the most vibrant city in central europe . 
  that 's precisely what it is . 
  people want to show the terrorists that they ca n't scare them into hiding . 
  what do you mean `` joins the list '' ? 
  there was already one terrorist attack in germany and one stockholm . 
  it is , but it 's also a good platform to develop hate , as we all know . 
  here is a more [ informative article ] ( http://www.nme.com/news/birmingham-axe-man-arrested-manchester-vigil-2076707 ) . 
  what meme ? 
  many people think that it 's islamophobic to be opposed to this . 
  and i understand their point of view . 
  after all , we have freedom of religion and muslims should have the right to build a mosque , and they should have the right to accept money from whomever they want . 
  it just is n't a very good idea for obvious reasons . 
  literally * down * town . 
  the problem is that people do n't seem to know how to help them integrate . 
  she 's one of the leaders of the great mosque project . 
  this is my translation of some things she says in the text :  `` many people think that muslims should n't receive funding from abroad , but i 'm fine with it . 
  the mormon church was built with foreign help , and to my knowledge so is the orthodox church that is being built to it\u00e4keskus . 
  there was no discussion concerning the origin of the funding regarding these projects . 
  so muslims are suspected and accused already beforehand ''  `` maybe this public discussion is actually an indication of islamophobia , of which most candidates are guilty of . '', 
  she also does n't seem to be very fond of shias :  `` there has been some discussion about a mosque that would be shared by sunnis and shias . 
   for all those who have n't realized this yet , the mosque is a sunni mosque '' oh well , i guess converts are always a bit extra devout . 
   failing to provide education is neglect in your eyes , it 's a subjective opinion , not a fact . 
  indeed it is . 
  all opinions are subjective . 
  but people living in the same country need to find some way to compromise and abide by the same laws . 
  we do this by voting . 
   where is the line drawn ? 
  we have to draw the line somewhere , do n't we ? 
  it seems that as a society we have drawn it on education . 
   who decided it was a human right ? 
  the united nations did , when they wrote the universal declaration of human rights . 
  `` article 26 . 
  ( 1 ) everyone has the right to education . 
  education shall be free , at least in the elementary and fundamental stages . 
  elementary education shall be compulsory . '', 
  like almost all countries in the world , finland has endorsed the universal declaration of human rights . 
   this world have different states , finland is just one . 
  but there are other states out there , sweden , united states , brazil , is just a few examples . 
  the education in finland is nothing like the one in russia , turkey or china . 
  but you generally only get educated by a specific state , most children do n't have math in russia and science in spain . 
  it 's either the one or the other . 
  so what 's the problem ? 
  anyone can move to russia if they think that the education there is better . 
   you ca n't be an mp if you 're a civil servant , an undischarged bankrupt , a member of the clergy , police or armed forces , a prisoner serving more than a year in jail , or if you 've been found guilty of certain electoral offences . 
  there are many many more rules than that though . 
  these rules are there for a good reasons . 
  it does n't mean that the laws are written by `` some machiavellian '' . 
   because you want the democratically elected government to dictate what is humane and what is n't , just like the nazi regime did . 
  well what do you think would be a better option than democracy ? 
  monarchy ? 
  socialism ? 
  nationalist socialism ? 
  personally , i prefer democracy . 
   some people live in ways where education is n't important though , not everybody lives the same as you , let them . 
  yes . 
  and some people think that walking around naked is okay , or that jaywalking is okay , or that selling drugs is okay . 
  and all these are valid opinions . 
  but if we are to live together harmoniously in a society , we have to make some laws . 
  otherwise it would be utter chaos . 
   what makes you right and those sub humans wrong ? 
  why do you insist on calling roma subhumans ? 
  that 's racist as fuck . 
   i 'll take it you 're very much against accepting any refugees ? 
  quite the opposite actually , i believe that it is our duty as human beings to take as many refugees as possible . 
  they have lost they 're homes because of this horrible war , and someone has to take them in , so why not us ? 
   how could they ever get a job without an education ? 
  they ca n't . 
  that 's why they 're provided with free education just like everyone else in this country . 
   i 'm not assuming this is the ramblings of a drunk knife-weilding finnish white trash . 
  i do confess that i am indeed guilty of being both white and finnish . 
  i blame my parents . 
  but i regret to inform you , that i am quite sober at the moment , and rather un-weilding . 
  which is stupid , because we should treat foreigners as we should treat our own . 
  they 're not worse or better people than us . 
  they 're just normal people , and they should be treated like everyone else . 
   you did n't see how there was anything inhumane in kidnapping peoples kids if they do n't partake in the education of your nation . 
  failing to provide ones children with education is neglect . 
  the state is responsible for the well being of all it 's citizens , including children . 
  so yes , i do think that children should be taken away from neglectful parents . 
  education is a human right . 
  letting parents deny their children all education would be a human rights violation , and the state is responsible of making sure that everyone 's human rights are respected . 
  i think that a child 's right to education is more important than a parent 's right to deny them education . 
   why should you be forced to partake in the education and propaganda spouted by a specific state ? 
  what do you mean by a specific state ? 
   the laws are put in place by some machiavellan who managed to cooperate with the right parties . 
  as i said , the laws are put in place by mps . 
  any adult citizen can run for mp if they wish to . 
   and nazi germany was a democratically elected democracy , who democratically elected that no new election would be held , this is what the voters , the people and the parliament wanted , and this is what you want . 
  why on earth would i want that ? 
   i 'm not against children being entitled to education , i 'm against states forcing children to partake in a specific education for decades so you think that allowing parents to force children to stay uneducated is okay ? 
   and claiming you ca n't get a job without education is moronic , considering how i have had more than 3 jobs and so far not one of them would even know if i never even went to school . 
  what country do you live in ? 
  because here it 's very hard to get a job without having completed primary and secondary education . 
   and you yourself said it 's impossible for anybody to get a job without an education , then you said if they do n't get an education they will just get a job instead . 
  make up your mind !, 
  i was assuming that the parents would have them do housework , or steal , or beg . 
  i said `` what 's inhumane about that ?
