  that we ever won a war . 
  we did n't . 
  well , we already have a weird an unpopular christian party . 
  but we have the word with nine letters and only one consonant : riuuy\u00f6aie . 
  it means wooing `` night intention '' . 
  shit , we have a statue of the same tsar , alexander ii , right in the middle of helsinki in front of the main church . 
  he was very nice to finns though and extremely popular in finland . 
  ever since we 've been children we 've known that we 're actively destroying the planet by existing , and that the climate will probably go to shit if not in our lifetime , then in our children 's and grandchildren 's lifetimes , and it 'll be our fault . 
  on the bright side , we do n't really worry about nuclear war and we 've always had the internet which is awesome . 
  why ? 
  what did we ever do to you ? 
  but fox news is n't being hysterical about russian immigrants , but middle eastern ones . 
  what ? 
  i 've never heard that the concept pf te west would have anything to do with skin color or geographical location since americans come in many colors and countries on both sides of the atlantic ocean are considered to be western . 
  dividing the world to the west , the east and the third world was always a political thing , it dates back to the cold war . 
  nowadays people use it to refer to any democratic , developed countries except maybe japan . 
  so australia and new zealand are n't western , but russia is ? 
  that 's an interesting way of seeing it . 
  yes , of course , but not belarus or russia . 
  in lapland there 's a story about a man called rigge-hans in sami language and rikas hannu in finnish . 
  the name means hans the rich . 
  rigge-hans fought and killed eleven `` staalos '' ( a kind of a troll ) and he took their silver coins and became a rich man . 
  but one day when rigge-hans was in his tent making love to his wife the twelfth staalo , the strongest one of all , came to his door and shouted : `` are you there , rigge-hans ? 
  come fight me , i bet you want my silver coins too ! '', 
  rigge-hans was so shocked that he became paralyzed by fear , but his wife , a though woman , took his axe and run outside all naked and shouted `` here i am ! '', 
  the stale stared at her and said , dumbfounded : `` crazy man !, 
  no penis and he 's got breast on his chest . '', 
  that 's when rigge-hans ' wife hit the stale with the axe in the head , and so they got his money too . 
  ever since then will-o ' - the-wisps have flickered at the site where they buried the treasure . 
  edit : a mistranslation, 
  in finland there 's a rock in the sea called kukkarokivi which was supposedly thrown there by an angry giant called killi . 
  killi wanted to destroy a new church , but got lost and threw the rock away . 
  sorry , i 'm a teenager . 
  btw tapa is also `` kill '' in finnish and i know a person who 's family name is tapanainen , kill a woman . 
  yeah , the way they speak though ... 
  the me\u00e4nkieli dialect is like goddamnn sk\u00e5nska to us . 
  hard to understand but hilarious . 
  edit : a typo, 
  i 'm not good with faces , but i think she 's sara forsberg aka the language woman . 
  she became famous because of her youtube videos and she created the artificial language in the new star wars . 
  everyone loves her . 
  she 's got nothing to do with the island name , it 's much older . 
  here 's her break through video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ybcvlxivscw, 
  wow , that 's such a weird slang word . 
  i really wonder how that was invented :-d, 
  you know i once heard a random theory that some of the more perverted finnish place names would have been born when the swedish nobility travelled in the country . 
  they would stay in a village and ask people what the name of the village was , and the people would decide to fuck with them and say `` homeperseensuo '' ( moldy ass swamp ) , and the swedes would be all like `` homeperseensuo , oj vilket vackert namn ! '', 
  where is beaver synonym for vagina ? 
  i know some french and holy shit , how can people from bezons ever talk about where they come from with a straight face ? 
  ancient finns believed that a person has three souls : henki , itse and luonto . 
  henki was the life force , the soul that made the heart beat . 
  a person got the henki when they were born and lost it when they died . 
  a person with a weak henki was sickly and physicallu weak . 
  in modern finnish henki means `` spirit '' or `` breath '' . 
  itse was the soul that contained the personality of a person . 
  a child got its itse when it was given a name . 
  when you died your its went to the real of the dead . 
  the itse was inherited from an ancestor who had had the same name . 
  when a person was sleeping their itse could sometimes leave the body , so you had to be careful not to wake someone up too quickly . 
  you also had to wake up a bear before killing it , or otherwise it 's soul might get stuck in this world and haunt you . 
  a shaman could send their itse out of their body in a trance and travel to the realm of gods or the real of the dead . 
  a person could loose their itse if they broke a vow or became an alcoholic . 
  a person who had lost their itse was sick , pale and depressed . 
  sometimes when a person 's loved one died , the ghost of the loved one could drag their itse with it to the underworld . 
  a skillfull shaman could retrieve the itse from the underworld . 
  in modern finnish itse means `` self '' . 
  luonto was a guardian spirit . 
  a child would get its luonto when it was given a name or when it got its first teeth . 
  before getting a luonto a baby was weak and could be injured by evil spirits . 
  a person with a strong luonto was gifted and succeeded in life . 
  a luonto could be strenghtened with spells in order to gain physical , intellectual or supernatural skills . 
  sometimes the luonto would travel before the person appearing as a doppelganger called eti\u00e4inen . 
  one could loose their luonto by travelling too fast . 
  in modern finnish luonto means `` character '' or `` nature '' . 
  he 's actually a docent , which is and academic title below professor , but a lot of people jokingly call him `` desant '' which means spy . 
  i like you . 
  i do n't think the language is an issue , that 's what translators are for . 
  finnish is only really spoken in finland . 
  there are lots of tv shows , newspapers , novels and magazines made in finnish , but people also watch a lot of foreign tv and movies shows with subtitles and read translated books . 
  american movies and tv shows are very popular . 
  btw , in the 1970s and 1980s finnish tv channels were more popular in northern estonia than soviet-estonian ones . 
  finnish and estonian are related languages , but not mutually intelligible , but a lot of older estonian speak some finnish because they learned it from tv . 
  i 'm under the impression that people from the mainly swedish speaking \u00c5land use a lot of swedish media . 
  is n't french an official language though , and german too ? 
  a takeaway cup of warm cappuccino with no sugar , on a cold autumn morning , while walking outside alone . 
  great britain . 
  amazing music , tv-shows , movies , novels , poetry ... also , they tend to have a nice sense of humor and be a lot of fun to hang around with . 
  you 're right , i wrote it in a confusing way . 
  it 's hard to translate the `` suojapaikka '' thing . 
  yeah , i accidentally a word . 
  fixed it to avoid confusion . 
  `` ryss\u00e4 '' is a slur for russian , it 's like the english word ruskie . 
  in finnish you can ( if you 're a vulgar person ) use the idiom `` ryssi\u00e4 '' , which means `` to ruskie something '' . 
  it means to screw up badly . 
  then there 's `` siperia opettaa '' which means `` siberia teaches you a lesson '' . 
  it means that you learn from bad experiences . 
  it dates to the 1800s when the tzars would send people to prison camps in siberia . 
  `` siansaksa '' is literally pig 's german , it means gibberish . 
  `` ei ole kaikki inkkarit kanootissa '' is bascially `` he has n't got all his indians in the canoe '' and it means that the person is a bit crazy , like there 's something missing from his head . 
  that would be aleksis kivi , the man who wrote the first novel in finnish .
