  well at least here `` neekeri '' has become a bad word , because racists use it to insult other people . 
  they yell stuff like `` go home to africa you fucking neekeri ! '', 
  so that 's why it 's inappropriate now . 
  what do you call white africans who live in america ? 
  or australian aboriginals who live in america ? 
  a lot of americans call themselves `` people of color '' which sounds even weirder . 
  i guess it 's kinda like how black people sometimes call each other `` nigga '' but no one else would ever do it . 
  it used to be a neutral word in finland too , like blonde or brunette . 
  it has only become negative in the last few decades . 
  now it 's a mean slur , but some very old people still do n't understand why they should n't use it . 
  they 're not racist , they just do n't understand that it 's not a nice word anymore . 
  well we are more privileged in many ways . 
  not getting annexed by the soviet union did have a positive impact on our countries , economically and socially . 
  does n't mean we 're better or more civilized , just luckier . 
  probably because the fall of the soviet union caused a depression and lots of new problems . 
  and a bunch of oligarchs seized all the wealth and there 's a massive corruption problem . 
  and it 's not like russia became a democracy . 
  i agree . 
  i mean , a communist society would be wonderful if only it could actually work . 
  on paper , communism is great , unlike fascism which is a rotten ideology . 
  it 's sad that in practice communism always ends up being really shitty . 
  is n't it a joke ? 
  i 've heard that it 's a play of words . 
  `` en svensk tiger '' can be interpreted as `` a swedish tiger '' or as `` a swede stays quiet '' . 
  finland is often represented as a young lady since the map kinda looks like one . 
  she 's called the suomi-neito , the `` finland maiden '' . 
  the figure was popularized by a painting by edvard isto from 1899 . 
  it shows the two-headed eagle of russia trying to rip the book of laws from the hands of a woman who is kinda shaped like finland . 
  the painting was a reaction to the actions of czar nikolai ii and a form of passive resistance . 
  [ the painting ] ( https://media2.riemurasia.net/albumit/mmedia/nk/qcn/bnnv/527899/1930192317.jpg ), 
  i do n't think anything much about them . 
  i guess there are a lot of great musicians among them ? 
  oh , and the american police should stop shooting them . 
  seriously , it 's getting ridiculous . 
  you should probably ask r/askhistorians . 
  sweden is a great country . 
  some would say it 's a very very very great country . 
  believe me . 
  but sweden is really really not okay . 
  period . 
  i do n't know , but that is what people are telling me . 
  they build furniture , but they ca n't build a ball to keep the meatballs out !, 
  some of the meatballs are bad hombres . 
  some of them deal drugs . 
  so sad . 
  well she * is * a bombshell ... 
   what kind of monster would hate the moose ? 
  have you never seen what happens when a moose tries to cross the road ? 
  i believe you got that wrong since sweden is actually west finland . 
  the versailles palace , obviously . 
  i think they 're a bit bitter because finland lost that war and they had to give away land and pay a bunch of money to the soviet union as a compensation for `` being guilty of starting a war '' . 
  and after ww2 there was a period in finland when criticism against the soviet union was heavily self-censored in finnish media out of fear of soviet invasion . 
  are n't the `` alternative news '' sites ran by nazis ? 
  i mean , mv-lehti hates muslims and magneettimedia hates jews . 
  and they both praise svl . 
  it 's kinda sad really , i do n't understand why some people feel the need judge others based on skin color , a random physical characteristic on which they have no control over . 
  it 's so childish . 
  it 's like hating gingers or short people , makes zero sense . 
  it 's especially weird since the woman herself does n't look black at all at least in the photo . 
  i 'd like to know how majority groups mistreat minority groups in europe in your opinion ? 
  i mean , apart from saying hurtful observations . 
  i 'd also like to know what you mean when you that i can make society hate someone ? 
  i mean , sure i can go around saying that all japanese people are idiots , or whatever , but so can a japanese person . 
  yeah , this is what i always thought . 
  it seems to me that the definition of racism has changed lately . 
  i do n't think i really understand what you 're saying . 
  i 'd say that a black person denying a job from a white person because of their skin color is as much a bigot , as the white person would be if the roles were reversed . 
  it also seems to me that not liking someone because of their ethnic group is always a sign of ignorance . 
  you have to be a very ignorant person if you judge someone based on a trivial detail , like the amount of melanin in their skin . 
  science has proven countless times that skin color does n't affect our character or intelligence . 
  only someone who is ignorant of this fact would hate a person because of their `` race '' . 
  and i think that hating someone because of their nationality , ethnic group or religious affiliation requires dehumanization . 
  when you hate someone because of a group they belong to , you judge them by the actions of their group , not by their own merits . 
  you do n't see them as an individual with their own personality . 
  that is dehumanization . 
  so i still do n't quite understand why one person hating another because of their skin color would n't be racism no matter what skin color it is . 
  you only mention perussuomalaiset . 
  are n't kokoomus , rkp and keskusta also right wing parties ? 
  btw are n't some neo-nazi groups in other european countries getting money from kreml in exchange for destabilizing their countries ? 
  i wonder if any of our nazi assholes are getting funded by putin . 
  yes , it does feel a bit weird to me . 
  i mean , even if you 're treating immigrants better , you 're still treating them differently than you would your countrymen . 
  i think it would be more fair to treat everyone in the same way no matter where they were born , what color their skin is or what god they worship . 
  good . 
  this is no joking matter . 
  it should be liisa , that 's the finnish form of the name . 
  not all of them remain nomads . 
  i do n't think there are any roma left in finland who live a nomadic lifestyle . 
  first of all , we do n't particularly hate americans . 
  actually , i 'm pretty sure that most europeans care quite a lot about you guys , because we use lots of american media and entertainment , and know a lot about you . 
  which is why we expect a lot from you and get pissed when you do stupid shit . 
  we do n't like watching you ruin your own country , while we can do nothing about it . 
  btw , i 'd like to point out that obviously not all people in the us hate trump since almost half of them voted for him . 
  moomins by tove jansson , thought adults probably enjoy them even more than children , as they contain some deep philosophical themes . 
  i suppose supo ( aka finnish security intelligence service ) would be ours . 
  only times i hear about them is when they give a statement to the media about internet trolls or terrorist threats and stuff like that . 
  we have matti meik\u00e4l\u00e4inen . 
  matti is a very common first name and meik\u00e4l\u00e4inen means `` one of us '' or `` ordinary person '' . 
  nope . 
  r/suomi is kinda boring and there are a lot of nazis and racists for some reason .
