of course . 
  but for terrorism , causing terror is pretty much the goal , while for something like burglary it 's just a side effect . 
  yes it is , and that 's why terrorism is so effective . 
  it affects the whole society , not just the people who get killed or injured . 
  exactly . 
  you only need to kill a few people at a christmas market to make every single person in every single christmas market feel a bit nervous . 
  yeah , terrorism is effective because it causes terror . 
  you do n't even need to kill that many people to indirectly change everyone 's lives . 
  a dozen men with guns can totally change the security situation in a country . 
  that 's not what he 's saying . 
  he said that he cried because he knew that many people would rejoice in the news of these swedes being murdered , and celebrate this horrible event , because they can use it for propaganda . 
  which is true . 
  and it sickens me that some people can find joy in such a great tragedy because it furthers their agenda . 
  it 's actually an interesting psychological phenomenon . 
  it 's much easier for people to feel empathy towards one individual , than it is towards a huge group of people . 
  `` the death of one man is a tragedy , the death of millions is a statistic . '', 
  probably because we all agree that swedish kids dying is horrible . 
  i do n't think everyone feels the same way about syrians drowning in the mediterranean . 
  i 've heard people call them `` cockroaches '' or `` a bunch of future rapists '' . 
  i think that that horrible photo of a dead syrian kid really changed how some people view the issue . 
  those do n't count as terrorism , because by definition , an attacks need to have a political intent in order to be considered terrorism . 
  otherwise it 's considered mass murder , but not terrorism . 
  he 's shocked . 
  this is practically next door to us . 
  an attack in paris or brussels or st.petersbug is horrible , of course , but and attack in sweden hits very close to home . 
  in english : `` we are not swedish and we do not wish to become russian , so let 's be finns . '', 
  the worst thing is that putin would probably try to use it to support his own agenda if we lighted up buildings in russian colors . 
  he 's such a sneaky bastard that i can totally imagine him saying things like : `` look how much the eastern european separatists love russia , we should unify our countries ! '', 
  i believe you 're misunderstanding sh_dy . 
  he is n't saying that the st.petersburg attack was deadlier than the attacks in european cities . 
  he 's saying that the st.petersburg attack was deadlier than the truck attack in israel that another redditor mentioned . 
  i know that . 
  i 've studied enough history and psychology to know what kind of atrocities ordinary people are capable of under the right circumstances . 
  i am perfectly aware that with some social conditioning almost anyone can become a terrorist . 
  i know this , yet for me , right now , it feels unbelievable that someone could kill all those people and feel good about it . 
  i know this , i just ca n't understand it . 
  makes sense . 
  yes , on an intellectual level i can understand why they do this . 
  but on an emotional level , i ca n't even begin to imagine how someone can look at all those dead people and feel righteous . 
  that 's interesting , i did n't know there was a state called finland station in st petersburg . 
  is it called finland station because lenin spent time in finland while in exile ? 
  edit : for clarity, 
  how terrible . 
  my sincerest condolences to russians . 
  it 's mysterious , because for most people it 's impossible to understand how someone one could commit a crime as horrible as this and feel righteous . 
  how terrible . 
  he would find learning finnish or estonian a bit easier . 
  i get what you mean , but people have the right to choose what they think . 
  you ca n't really make people agree with you values . 
  i 'm pretty sure an attack committed by a mentally ill person is still considered a terrorist attack , if it is political motivated . 
  i do n't think it 's anyone 's business what the immigrants identify as . 
  what do you care about whether they feel pakistani or british ? 
  the only thing that should matter is whether they follow the british laws . 
  for a moment there i thought they 're planning to tax people for having fleas . 
  but yeah , fuck this shit law . 
  often they 're just bad clickbait in the evening shit newspapers . 
  `` i seen 'em do it . 
  and i do n't mean a little bit on the side of the plate , they fuckin ' drown 'em in it . '', 
  and grow tulips and wear clogs . 
  i ca n't think of any instance of finland being sabotaged by the americans . 
  well then of course he should n't be called asian . 
  nor should you . 
  i just said that if the person is from asia , then it 's not wrong to describe them as asian , any more than it would be to describe him as a bearded man . 
  edit : spelling, 
  well , it is factually correct to describe a person from the asian continent as `` asian '' . 
  `` i said , i am not going to suspend the sitting of the house . 
  this house is not suspendible . '', 
  i think it 's partly because they 're experienced with this kind of thing because of ira . 
  what 's that ? 
  you mean the people who speak me\u00e4nkieli ? 
  twelfth century sounds a bit too early . 
  the first swedish crusade to finland happened in 1150 . 
  after the second crusade in 1240s sweden began to to exert influence in western finland . 
  in the third crusade in 1293 karelia became part of sweden too . 
  so actually finland became part of sweden in the 13th century . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i 'm pretty sure there was no cultural finland back then . 
  finns only started identifying as finns in the 19th century . 
  before that people identified with their local region , tribe , dialect etc. 
  yeah . 
  i just meant that i do n't find it that hard to believe that some people would still be pissed off about stuff like this many decades later . 
  many older people here are still a bit pissed that we lost some land to russia , and that was 70 years ago . 
  maybe he just really wanted the darwin award ? 
  how western are you that consider \u00c4\u00e4nekoski to be in the eastern parts ? 
  yeah , we find being in close proximity with strangers extremely awkward . 
  unless everyone is naked , then it 's fine . 
  it c\u00e4n \u00e4t\u00e4k \u00e4t eni moument . 
  yeah . 
  if he explained that he suffers from a bit of germophobia and does n't like to shake hands , he would n't cause a scandal . 
  no , but if you try to scare your guest with a dog , then i think it 's safe to a some that you have an inferiority complex . 
  yeah . 
  trump actually is n't wrong about saudi arabia being a shit country . 
  i think i 've identified two more : the third dress from the left looks like the dress of [ karleby ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/c1/df/fd/c1dffd15f2dd0fc03b601741bc9675b4.jpg ) but with a silk scarf and a silk apron . 
  and the second dress from the right looks like the dress of [ jokil\u00e4\u00e4ni ] ( http://www.kansallispuvut.fi/puvut/img/jokilaani_np.jpg ), 
  easy for you to say from the comfort of your home . 
  we use the term [ `` amisviikset '' ] ( https://www.google.fi/search?q=amisviikset&amp;client=safari&amp;rls=en&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewid66y3393sahwckiwkhzupcmgq_auiccgb&amp;biw=1440&amp;bih=750#imgrc=_ ) , it means `` trade school mustache '' . 
  it 's a mustache that young boys grow because they think it makes them look older . 
  it 's usually very thin , unkempt and stupid looking . 
  why do you care ? 
  let people identify themselves as whatever the fuck they want , it 's hardly any of your business .
