  `` why is there blood on your sword , happy son ? '', 
  `` i killed my older brother , sweet mother . '', 
  `` why did you kill your brother , happy son ? '', 
  `` why did he court my woman , sweet mother ? '', 
  or maybe she just does n't want to die . 
  you 're free to try and make us . 
  i said that i read the actual holy bible . 
  it 's full of sacrifice : abel sacrificed sheep , noah sacrificed a bunch of animals , abraham almost sacrificed his son , and yahweh sacrificed his . 
  yes , but that 's not the reason why i oppose to death sentence to minors . 
  i simply think that killing children is always wrong , no matter what they 've done . 
  besides , we do n't judge 16 year olds as adults , and we should n't . 
  a sixteen year old 's brain is still developing , especially the pre-frontal cortex which is related to impulse control , decision making and risk taking . 
  16 year olds do stupid things which they might not do as adults . 
  furthermore , teenager 's are highly susceptible to peer pressure , and thus more likely to be radicalized . 
  besides , we do n't treat teenagers as adults before the law . 
  we do n't let them drive , or marry , or vote . 
  how can we think that they 're too immature to do these things , but mature enough to be sentenced to death ? 
  yeah i agree , a 16 year old is a child , and children should n't be sentenced to death . 
  hell , i read the actual bible and did n't start sacrificing anything . 
  yeah , i did n't say that right . 
  i should have asked why she continues to live here if she hates white people so much . 
  if i hated black people , i would n't choose to live in congo , you know ? 
  yeah no , i do n't consider a person who dislikes me because of my skin color one of us . 
  if she ca n't stand people looking different from her , then maybe she should move somewhere else . 
  that 's the one solution . 
  she ca n't expect us to change color or stop existing just because she feels uncomfortable . 
  if some white person born in africa started complaining about being surrounded by black people , how would you react ? 
  would you blame the africans for being the wrong color ? 
  or would you tell the racist person to get used to it , or move somewhere else ? 
  and yes , i remember that thread . 
  if you scroll down you 'll see my comments in there . 
  and this is off topic , the op of that thread kinda seems like a troll or otherwise weird person . 
  his comment history is a bit strange , and he started [ a thread in r/jobs about racism and proceeded to attack and insult everyone who commented ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/jobs/comments/69kvcj/racism_ruined_my_chances_to_get_employed_after_a/ ) . 
  lovely , looks like we 've got another troll here !, 
  i mean , this guy 's username is literally ** `` kafir be dead '' ** . 
  check out his posting history , it 's fucking hilarious :  `` as humanity we will be better off without white people , for there is no peace in the world with whites . '', 
   `` this shit has to stop , just surrender to shari'a already , fucking westerners . '', 
   `` islam is not sexist , we respect women , these nazis better be wary . 
  but feminism is heavily haram , we can not condone that . '', 
   ( about a daesh member being arrested ) `` fascists , keep your hands off muslims '', 
  it notices when a sentence has the correct amount of syllables for a haiku . 
  how is dalston colonized ? 
  it 's in england !, 
  or is he referring to the roman conquest ? 
  oil workers ? 
  what oil workers ? 
  i assume your rant was directed towards the fella who said that `` all white people are racist '' ? 
  you 're being just as racist as the person you 're criticizing , is what i 'm saying . 
  yeah , sicily is hands down one of the coolest places i 've ever been to . 
  everything was incredibly beautiful , the nature , the sea , the architecture , the people ... and every damn thing that i ate and drank during that trip tasted like heaven . 
  and i see real cacti and palm trees !, 
  there 's no need to stoop down to his level . 
  i guess it 's impossible to know . 
  i see . 
  well , is n't it better that they 're attacking armed soldiers than random people ? 
  does n't anyone hunt them ? 
  here the government gives out a certain amount of bear hunting permits ever year to keep the population down . 
  yeah , and i 'm sure that it sucks . 
  but it 's still silly to complain about a physical characteristic which people have no control of . 
  we ca n't change our skin color , so why complain ? 
  maybe . 
  but most of the syrians and somalis are refugees , you know . 
  some of them may not be genuine refugees , but many are . 
  a lot of them are running from crazy madmen with guns . 
  and you know , what kind of people would we be if we just refused to take them in ? 
  how were they doing it , though ? 
  i mean , if they were politely suggesting that muslims convert to christianity , then i do n't see the problem . 
  but if they were walking around yelling `` your god is a demon !!!!, 
  you 're all going to heeeeellll !!!!! '', 
  then i could understand why they were convicted, 
  he did n't say `` all europeans are white '' . 
  he said `` all europeans are racist '' . 
  that 's not the same thing . 
  if he meant that any white person can be racist , then he should have said that , not `` all white people are racist '' . 
  well , iirc she was born in finland and this is her home country , so i suppose she is n't . 
  [ here 's the tweet ] ( https://twitter.com/thejeremyvine/status/891380354464055296/photo/1 ) . 
  no amount of context could ever make that okay . 
  it 's seems to be a pretty common complaint . 
  i read a blog post by a rather famous finnish blogger , who complained about how she hated being in public places that are full of white people . 
  what i do n't understand is why she lives in fucking finland of all countries . 
  did n't she know what people here look like ? 
  but if all white people are racist and there 's nothing we can do about it , then why should we care ? 
  it 's not like we can change our skin color . 
  i always thought that racism was about our acts , the way we treat different people . 
  but apparently nowadays being racist means `` not having enough melanin in your skin . '', 
  yeah , if some white european guy posted `` all muslims are terrorists '' after a terrorist attack , there would be a huge public outcry . 
  and there should be , that 's a very shitty thing to say . 
  but what i do n't understand is why it 's okay for this lady to accuse all white people of being racist because of one person 's crime . 
  first of all , it 's very wrong that people are harassing her and sending death threats . 
  that 's disgusting criminal behavior . 
  but what she said * was * pretty damn racist . 
  believing that a certain race is different and inferior due to it 's innate capacities , is absolutely racist . 
  saying that `` all white people are racist '' is just as racist as accusing all arabs of being terrorists , or calling all africans idiots . 
  great britain gave him a nationality , so legally speaking , he 's a brit . 
  besides , syria 's got enough butcherers as it is . 
  i 'm pretty sure that islamist extremisst hate feminism , though . 
  hell , in islamist countries the law punishes women who dare challenge male authority . 
  maybe , but would n't having sex with men who are n't your husband be a mortal sin according to their religion ? 
  and then he 'd be in syria slaughtering infidels and raping little girls . 
  no , better to imprison them so they can do no more harm .
