  it 's probably a remnant from the time when we all lived in the sparsely built countryside where all the houses are far away from each other . 
  i think that here it 's more expensive , maybe 2,50 $ a cup . 
  it 's much cheaper to just make it at home . 
  finnish : - * punainen * ( red ) - * oranssi * ( orange ) - * keltainen * ( yellow ) - * vihre\u00e4 * ( green ) - * sininen * ( blue ) - * indigonsininen * ( indigo blue ) ( but no one knows about this one except scientists ) - * violetti * ( violet ), 
  everything in them is expensive as hell here . 
  no one can afford going to cafes very often . 
  having a brain ? 
  no country is perfect , not even the u.s. not being critical of any aspects of a country would be ridiculous . 
  and the national animal is the bear . 
  i think it 's the only correct choice . 
  in the finnish countryside old farm houses often have names too . 
  sweden . 
  only jews and muslims do it , so it 's only common in areas with lots of middle eastern immigrants . 
  what finns call [ pannukakku ] ( https://public.keskofiles.com/f/k-ruoka/recipe/2380?w=1440&amp;h=640&amp;fit=crop&amp;q=60 ) what swedes call [ pannkaka ] ( https://www.arla.se/globalassets/bilder-recept/pannkakor-857x600.jpg ) what americans call [ pancake ] ( https://yurielkaim.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/why-you-shouldnt-eat-pancakes-for-breakfast.jpg ), 
  actually , 11 might be more appropriate now that i think about it . 
  but at that age parents often need to tell their children to wear proper winter clothing , like a hat and mittens . 
  sometimes kids refuse to wear a hat in the schoolyard even though it 's dangerously cold , because they think it looks stupid . 
   when is a child old enough to pick out their own clothes ? 
  maybe at age 12 or 13 ? 
   fix their own food ? 
  when they know how to cook . 
   play outside alone ? 
  maybe at age 7 ? 
  but if they do n't leave the yard , then age 5 . 
   visit a friend 's house alone ? 
  probably age 7 . 
   go to the shops alone ? 
  maybe age 12 if they go shopping to the city , but if they just go to the store to buy candy or something , then younger . 
   ride transit ? 
  age 7 , when they start school . 
   go to a friends house/the shops without asking ? 
  maybe at 13 , depends on how far away these things are . 
   be in a relationship ? 
  when they feel ready , as long as the partner is roughly the same age . 
   be in a physically intimate relationship ? 
  it 's not like teenagers ask their parent 's for permission to have sex , lol . 
  both parties need to be roughly the same age , consenting , and know how to use contraception . 
   in school : leave campus for lunch ? 
  the school lunch is free and healthy , they should eat it . 
   go to the bathroom without asking ? 
  why should they ask for permission ? 
  ( edit : except if they 're at school , then it 's polite to ask )  general freedom of movement ? 
  not sure what this means . 
   do you feel children in your culture are given a shorter or a longer leash than others ? 
  pretty long i think . 
  unfortunately i do n't think i 'm well versed enough in the subject to answer your question . 
  people here have said many good reasons , but there is one no one has mentioned : the imbalance of power . 
  most of us live in small countries with little to no power . 
  we know that we have very little influence on international politics . 
  in the end big countries like america , russia and china will just do whatever they want . 
  they get to decide what happens in the world , and there is n't much we can do about it . 
  we have all these fancy treaties and international laws , but in reality only small and weak countries have to obey them . 
  big countries can break all the laws they want , because who 's going to stop them ? 
  if america wants iraq , they can just take it . 
  if russia wants crimea , they 'll get it . 
  all we can do is lick the arses of the big countries and try not to piss them off . 
  our countries have no power , and it 's not fair . 
  i think this is a source of bitterness for many . 
  no , it 's called `` child abuse '' . 
  a bunch of pathetic little wankers . 
  well they 're a large group of individuals . 
  i think most are happy , otherwise they probably would n't stay here . 
  they earn more money here than they would in their countries of origin , and get better education and health care . 
  some seem to be unhappy about our laws , because they prevent them from practicing some religious and cultural traditions . 
  many muslims do n't understand why we think their traditions are wrong , since they 're normal to them . 
  in my country all men and women got the right to vote in 1906 . 
  i think that men and women are pretty equal . 
  some older people can be really openly sexist , though . 
  the only real legal inequality that i can think of is that only men have to do the mandatory military training . 
  i think it would be better if everyone had to do it , but apparently that would be quite expensive , and in a real war half of the population would have to stay at home keeping society running anyways . 
  that there are several different societies living in one country . 
  they have different rules , values and laws . 
  i 'm not sure if this exists in my country yet since we do n't really have `` immigrant neighborhoods '', 
  i ca n't tell if you 're criticizing my thought process or agreeing with me ? 
  why are you being rude ? 
  he asked a good question . 
  every time i go to the store . 
  i do n't have an opinion about the people , because how could i ? 
  they 're a wast group of different individuals . 
  there are good and bad people everywhere . 
  i do n't like the prevalent ideologies at all . 
  religion is way too powerful over there , they have no secularism . 
  many things are illegal for religious reasons , like blasphemy , apostasy , adultery , gay sex and any kind of sex outside of marriage . 
  many countries have no respect for human rights . 
  they still punish criminals by flogging , mutilation or death . 
  and there 's lots of corruption , which makes the situation worse . 
  the women 's rights situation is also terrible , and there are some truly abhorrent practices like child marriage , forced marriage , female genital mutilation and honor killing . 
  i do n't understand why people support any of these things . 
  how can yemenites watch by as nine year old girls are married off to adult men ? 
  how can saudis supporting the stoning of adulterers ? 
  they must either be cruel , cowardly , or blinded by their faith . 
  i wish that those middle easterners who move to my country would agree to follow our laws and abandon religious and cultural practices which are illegal here . 
  ah , i thought he meant that america should stop bombing isis . 
  that would be a dick move , they would be throwing all the kurds and shias and yezidis under the bus . 
  and what do you think would happen if everyone suddenly stopped bombing isis ? 
  isis would gain control over the area again , and there would be even more refugees !, 
  it 's legal . 
  on new years eve everywhere is full of drunk people lighting fireworks . 
  i would n't ask for it since i think it 's their responsibility to take care of it , but if someone asked me to do test i would n't object . 
  some sti 's are very common and if you 're sexually active you should probably get tested every now and then anyways .
