  russia was on the winning side in ww1 , and the white guards won the finnish civil war . 
  and i do n't think germany can be said to have won lapland war either . 
  thank you for the correction , i was n't sure what word i should use . 
  yeah , he was very old during the last wars . 
  i believe you 're mistaken . 
  psychopathy is a personality disorder , not a mental illness . 
  lol , half of the comments in that video are like `` those cops are pussies , why did n't they shoot him ! '', 
  and the other half is like `` evil finnish cops persecuting estonian mushroom guy ! '', 
  yes , there seems to be some confusion in this thread about the definition of `` terrorist '' . 
  being a terrorist , and being mentally ill , are n't mutually exclusive . 
  a terrorist attack remains a terrorist attack even if it turns out that the perpetrator is mentally ill . by the most common definition terrorism is `` the use of violence or threat of violence in order to purport a political , religious , or ideological change '' . 
  so whether an attack is considered terrorism depends on the motive , not the state of mind of the attacker . 
  yes , that 's true , i forgot to mention that , thank you for the clarification . 
  the swedish speaking people have indeed inhabited the archipelago and the coasts since the middle ages , and they were farmers and fishermen . 
  but it 's also true that finnish nobles and other rich and educated people spoke swedish ( and russian , french and possibly german ) , rather than finnish which for a long time was only spoken by lower class people . 
  yeah , during his life mannerheim was : - lieutenant colonel of the russian army in the russo-japanese war - major general of the russian army in ww1 - general of the cavalry of the white guards in the finnish civil war - commander-in-chief of the armed forces of finland in the winter war , the continuation war and the lapland war . 
  - and in 1944 he was elected as president of finland . 
  five wars and a presidency . 
  i 'd call that a successful career . 
  that 's not true though . 
  breivik , who is definitely white , was found to be legally sane , while the iranian david sonboly who shot a bunch of people in munich , was found to be mentally ill . with most isis terrorists it 's hard to tell if they were mentally unstable , because they usually kill themselves , and so it 's impossible to perform a psychiatric evaluation in prison . 
  btw , mannerheim actually worked as a russian spy when he was young . 
  back then finland was still part of russia , and like many finns , mannerheim made a career in the russian army . 
  in 1906 he travelled to central asia as a russian spy pretending to be an anthropologist . 
  i get what you 're saying , but i think that it 's a bit different since the finns moved to sweden in the 1970s , while the swedes moved to finland in the middle ages . 
  the finland-swedes consider themselves to be finnish . 
  in fact , suggesting that they 're foreigners would be quite offensive . 
  finland has two official languages : finnish and swedish . 
  yeah , at the time there was still a very real possibility that the soviet union would crush the rebellion in the baltic countries and then come after anyone who had supported it . 
  helping other countries fight oppressive conquerors is noble , but as president of finland koivisto had to make sure that finland would remain independent no matter what happened . 
  had the baltic countries ' rebellion not been successful , koivisto could have later said something like `` we gave the estonians money to support great communist art and culture !, 
  how could we have known that they would use it on a revolution ? '', 
  pretty much all of the key figures of the finnish independence movement were swedish speaking . 
  it 's because all the rich and educated people used to be swedish speaking here , while finnish was the language of the poor , uneducated peasants and workers . 
  alexis stenvall wrote the first novel ever written in finnish . 
  snellman published the first newspaper in finnish . 
  elias l\u00f6nnrot wrote down the kalevala . 
  runeberg wrote the lyrics to our national anthem . 
  sibelius composed the finlandia hymn . 
  gallen-kallela and j\u00e4rnefelt painted our most iconic paintings . 
  st\u00e5hlberg was the first president of independent finland . 
  and then there 's general carl gustaf mannerheim who had to study finnish so he could make speeches to his troops . 
  yeah , runeberg , gallen-kallela , j. v. snellman , topelius , elias l\u00f6nnrot , k.j. 
  st\u00e5hlberg ... anti-finnish agents the lot of them !, 
  not to mention mannerheim !!!, 
  koivisto gets a lot of criticism for not publicly supporting estonia 's independence back in the day , but i think it 's understandable : as president of finland an important part of his job was keeping the soviets somewhat happy . 
  estonians are our favorite kinds of immigrants , though . 
  what big swedish population ? 
  they 're swedish speaking finns , not swedes . 
  i do n't know enough about non-abrahamic religions to be certain , but i do n't think this kind of misogyny is unique to abrahamic religions . 
  i 'm pretty sure hat fundamentalist hindus are n't very open minded about women having premarital sex either . 
  it 's because in the past , before birth control , a woman having sex before marriage could lead to her having an illegitimate child . 
  this was a problem for many reasons . 
  first of all , it would have been hard for a lone woman to support a child . 
  marriage was an economical necessity , because two adults were usually needed to run a farm . 
  and it would have been hard for the woman to marry , for her knew husband would have likely refused to take care of someone else 's son . 
  in those times it was important for sons to inherit their fathers , and life was very hard for bastard children , because they inherited nothing . 
  some very religious people have this misogynistic view of women , where they consider virgins to be `` pure '' and non-virgins to be soiled goods . 
  honestly , catholics should let their priests marry just like lutheran priests do . 
  - it was inhabited by vikings - icelandic is a germanic language - there are lots of geysers and volcanoes - ten percent of the country is covered with ice - there are n't that many people - there are almost no trees - the capital city is reykjavik , which mean `` smoke bay '' - icelandic horses can do t\u00f6lt , which is super comfortable - you ca n't bring horses to iceland because of the risk of spreading diseases - icelandic witches used to wear human skin pants - it 's less icy and greener than greenland, 
  i think that while wrong , their point of view is kinda understandable . 
  because when a crime committed by a middle eastern person comes to light , some ignorant people always decide that * all * middle eastern people are evil . 
  some idiots will join a nazi gang and go burn an unrelated asylum center , or beat up a random brown guy who had nothing to do with the incident . 
  edit : hey , what 's with the down votes ? 
  i 'm just playing the devil 's advocate , trying to explain why someone might wish to cover up crimes committed by immigrants . 
  i 'm not agreeing with them . 
  it 's actually bahrain and saudi-arabia that want to build a giant mosque here . 
  i think it 's a bad idea , because the saudis will probably send some wahhabist imams and scholars to the mosque , and they 'll likely teach things that do n't fit western society . 
  yeah , it 's pretty obvious that they 're not admiring the wehrmacht : - crazy madmen on a leash or young men who lost their way ? 
  grand illusions of the reich may seem real at times - panzers on a line form the wehrmacht 's spine lethal grand design what about the men executing orders ? 
  he 's also a good example of how in a welfare state , even a person from meager origins can become president . 
  mauno koivisto was born in 1923 . 
  as a child koivisto lived in a one room apartment with his widowed father and siblings . 
  his father was a working class man , a construction worker and carpenter . 
  at the age of eleven koivisto took his first job at a bowling hall . 
  at the age of 14 he became a dockworker . 
  in 1944 koivisto served in the continuation war . 
  in 1947 he joined the social democrat party . 
  two years later he completed his high school education after taking evening classes after work . 
  he became prime minister in 1968 and president in 1982 . 
  i think it 's a good thing that in my country a dockworker can become president of the state . 
  that 's a good photo . 
  i like that they 're standing in front of the law . 
  i wonder what mrs. bush is saying . 
  are you an ingrian ( inkeril\u00e4inen ) ? 
  i know , but it 's still pretty funny that we also call it it\u00e4valta even though it 's situated west from our point of view . 
  we also call austria `` it\u00e4valta '' which means `` eastern country '' even though it 's obviously in the west . 
  macron 's wife was his school teacher when he was 15 years old , that 's when they began their relationship . 
  i can understand why some people are weirded out by a relationship between a 15 year old and a 39 year old . 
  well he 's a meteorologist , so he probably spends lots of time outside . 
  i 'm not op , but many people get depressed in the winter because the lack of sunlight can mess with your mind , especially if you work inside for eight hours , so you 're never outside when it 's light . 
  and some people are fine in the winter , but go crazy in the spring because suddenly getting so much light screws them up . 
  i remember reading somewhere that most suicides here happen in spring . 
  people who are depressed in the winter think that everything will be better in spring , but then spring comes and they still feel like shit , and that makes them despair . 
  i like you !, 
  finland and sweden are n't demilitarized , though . 
  now you 're generalizing . 
  no , they 're just not super happy about that time when russians occupied their countries , and do n't think that it should be celebrated . 
  how would you feel if germans celebrated their military achievements in ww2 ? 
  would you accept it if people here were celebrating nazis ?
