  after all , most nazis were also commoners , soldiers and villagers who sacrificed their lives . 
  do you think that we should silently honor the lives of the countless anonymous nazi soldiers who died fighting ? 
  so why do you consider the soviet union less bad than nazi germany ? 
  neither seems like a very nice regime to me . 
  yes indeed , it 's your celebration . 
  why would we celebrate this ? 
  i do n't think anyone should be ashamed of something that someone else did long before they were even born . 
  it would be unfair to blame present day germans or russians of whatever their countrymen did 70 years ago . 
  he 's right , though . 
  yeah , great ... 
  there 's an old curse that goes : `` may you live in interesting times '' . 
  on the churches website it says that : `` the warm air for heating is blown into the church hall from slits between the wall and the floor '' . 
  so apparently there is some kinda heating . 
  i once watched a documentary about auschwitz , it was horrifying . 
  the worst part was the baby clothes . 
  the first one is nicknamed * sielujen siilo * , which means `` the silo of souls '' , because it look exactly like a [ silo ] ( http://www.vastavalo.net/albums/userpics/11180/normal_8nk0006763.jpg ) . 
  to me swimming in the mediterranean was an exciting adventure , since i 'm used to swimming in the baltic sea which small and shallow . 
  what 's vulgar , childish or shallow about it ? 
  yeah , everyone knows that the best way to defeat fascism is to [ smash shop windows ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kristallnacht ), 
  yes , it 's one of my favorite paintings . 
  i consider him a pretty terrible person because of [ this ] ( https://i.redd.it/6s1jtfbrkqqx.jpg ), 
  okay , that 's hilarious !, 
  we also have this : * - tulepas kalle kustaan ikkunan alle * ( kalle , come under kustaa 's window ) * - tulepas kalle , kustaan ikkunan alle * ( kalle , come , let 's take a piss under the window '' * - tule paskalle kustaan ikkunan alle * ( come , let 's take a shit under kustaa 's window ) edit : a word, 
  yeah , my city looks like a fucking winter wonderland . 
  of course there are always exceptions . 
  hey , i can almost understand this !, 
  `` human trying from his full heart to speak the thing , at the same time you call him a ruskie and rip sentences from the context . 
  cheap way . 
  tsk tsk . '', 
  i agree that it 's stupid , but think that these kinds of cruel jokes are people 's way of dealing with the fact that their countries were occupied for decades and they 'll never get retribution . 
  imagine if nazi-germany had invaded the uk and kept it until 1991 , i bet brits would be a bit salty about it . 
  that 's true !, 
  i 've mistaken portrugese for russian so many times that ti 's embarrassing . 
  it 's good that most russian do n't look very portuguese , otherwise i do n't know how we 'd tell you apart . 
  really ? 
  here suggesting we dismantle our military would be a political suicide . 
  i guess it boils down to geography . 
  maybe . 
  he should try vodka , that always brings finns and russians together . 
   estonia is russian infested hellhole . 
  very polite , insulting both estonians and russians in one sentence, 
  i get your point , but it 's probably easier for putin to say `` let 's save these poor russians who are being oppressed in finland '' , than `` let 's save these poor finnish nazis '' . 
  i understand , i just wanted to say that there are some situations where using this phrase is kinda okay . 
  yes , they 're mostly people who immigrated here because of work . 
  they earn more money here than they would in russia , so it 's not in their best interests to turn finland into russia . 
  thanks !, 
  i think there are some situations where this sentence makes sense though . 
  for example , if a person lives in a western country but supports sharia law , then he should probably move to saudi arabia rather than try to change the laws of the host country . 
  holy shit , that 's insane . 
  are they actually shooting with real guns ? 
  and the rest of the russians here are immigrants , and they also do n't want finland to turn into russia . 
  thank you . 
  that cave is so cool . 
  where does the blue light come from ? 
  actually , socialism is a very clearly defined ideology , and it 's actually correct to say that the ussr version of socialism is n't `` true socialism '' , as it does n't fit that definition . 
  i dunno , i 'm pretty sure that all european countries that shared a border with the ussr were at least a bit terrified . 
  i mean , the ussr annexed the baltic countries and treated many other countries like satellite states . 
  actually , death camp refers to a specific type of nazi concentration camp . 
  from [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/extermination_camp ) : `` the nazis distinguished between extermination and concentration camps , although the terms extermination camp ( vernichtungslager ) and death camp ( todeslager ) were interchangeable , each referring to camps whose primary function was genocide . 
  todeslagers were designed specifically for the systematic killing of people delivered en masse by the holocaust trains . 
  the executioners did not expect the prisoners to survive more than a few hours beyond arrival at belzec , sobib\u00f3r , and treblinka . '', 
  do you mean `` coca cola '' or `` cocaine '' ? 
  i believe the preferred term nowadays is `` interment camp '' . 
  concentration camp is technically right , but most people associate the term with the nazi concentration camps , which were quite different . 
  is n't that pretty much the same thing though ? 
  funny , the nazis considered finns to be subhuman mongolians , and nazi soldiers were n't supposed to sleep with finnish girls as not to produce non-aryan children . 
  i do n't think you understand the sentimental value that karelia has in finland . 
  our national epic , the [ kalevala ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kalevala ) , is from karelia . 
  in the 1800s karelia was thought to be our ancestral home . 
  there was a whole art style called [ karelianism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karelianism ) . 
  and vyborg in karelia was the second biggest city of finland before we lost it . 
  still today there are many people who consider themselves karelians , even though their parents or grandparents left karelia 70 years ago . 
  and of course , people also care about karelia because we feel that it was kinda unfair that ussr could just march in and take it . 
  you make it sound like france or poland somehow chose to be invaded by germany . 
   true for all fo eastern europe . 
  i 'm pretty sure everyone from the baltic states disagree . 
  yeah , it 's a difficult situation . 
  on one hand , they were only expressing their opinion on isis , and no one should be punished for expressing their opinion . 
  on the other hand , they were obviously trying to recruit people into a terrorist organization . 
  but i guess since we do n't punish people for being communist , anarchist or nazi , we ca n't punish people for being salafist unless they commit an actual crime . 
  i guess that simply saying nice things about a terrorist organization is n't illegal here . 
  i dunno , i think we should change our laws . 
  right now it 's also legal to leave finland and go to syria to join isis , and then come back . 
  if the police ca n't prove that the person has committed a crime during their time in syria , we have to let them in , and all the authorities can do is offer them some de-radicalisation counseling . 
  yeah , here there was a news story about a three men who visited several refugees centers telling people how great isis is . 
  according to the police they had also spoken in a positive way about the terrorist attacks in central european countries like france . 
  the police could n't arrest them of course , since they had n't really committed a crime . 
  i 'm not denying anyone 's experience , i 'm just sharing mine . 
  funny , i 've heard plenty of people bash russians and romani gypsies , but i 've literally never heard anyone say anything bad about romanians . 
  but how do we know that russia will stop with donbass and crimea ? 
  maybe they 'll take the whole country while they 're at it . 
  and who 's country 's going to be next after ukraine ? 
  that 's fucking disgusting . 
  i 'm sorry about your uncle . 
  edit : since i 'm being down voted , i 'd like to clarify that i think that cults killing people and harassing their family is disgusting , not that u/grumpyfinn is disgusting, 
  i hope this is n't an insensitive question , but would you mind telling which christian cult killed your uncle ? 
  of course that 's a sign that russian influence is decreasing . 
  the reason why russian used was thought in schools 30 years ago in those countries , was because of russian influence . 
  you 're right !, 
  for some reason i forgot that julius caesar was n't an emperor .
