you are right . 
  i 'm not defending that it 's a turkish company . 
  professionally , that makes the company german . 
  it 's more like sense of ownership . 
  he probably said that because founders of the company are all born in turkey and in an interview with a turkish gaming magazine , cevat yerli ( founder of the company ) told that he could n't start the company in turkey because of the country 's structural ( technological , financial , etc. ), 
  inefficiencies . 
  so , most turks see them as a turkish company . 
  i think you are confusing telltale games with taleworlds . 
  never mind , i did that too and have just edited my post  . 
  we should add taleworlds too . 
  mount & blade has been quite a success . 
  `` bunyamin '' more likely . 
  most see them as self-defense against a terrorist organization . 
  pkk supporters ( minority ) see them as regular attacks that happen during war time . 
  the reason the terrorist attacks are concentrated in the southeast part of turkey is significant portion of the locals are supporting/encouraging those attacks . 
  so it is not strange to hear this kind of comments from a kurdish politician representing the southeast populace of turkey . 
  actually , in the other parts of the country , the situation is not bad and most of the kurds i 've seen also condemning those attacks . 
  in the turkish media , it 's reported that this little guy is syrian . 
  he looks at most 5 years old and syrian civil war is entering its fifth year now . 
  so this guy was likely to be born during the war time . 
  i think his parents are at least as guilty as the governments that caused his death . 
  i see lots of little boys and girls everyday that probably were born in turkey after their families escaped from the war and i get angry with their families . 
  isis summer hits 2015 . 
  enjoy guys !, 
   many of them integrate okay , i mean they learn the language , find a job and so on . 
  i do n't know where you are getting your facts , i will not argue , however this is not mostly right . 
  especially for more secular parts of the country . 
   i 'm seeing that many turks are angry to the refugees who go to the west because turkey is doing really good job and provides them with means we 'll beyond what turkey can reasonably do ( turkey is quite poor compared to most european countries ) and this attitude of them is seen as ungratefulness . 
  this is not quite right too . 
  do n't you ever visit social media sites like eksisozluk or newspapers such as hurriyet ? 
  every single person in izmir does n't favor them . 
  and yes , we are racist and you are very very humanist . 
  hah , izmir is my hometown . 
  little boys and girls with life-jackets are learning to swim at the city center . 
  i think their families want to reach a greek island before the winter comes . 
  '' hmmm ... let 's have a look at your cv madam . 
  ohh , you have a phd degree in physics and lots of publications in the most renowned scientific journals . 
  welcome to europe madam . 
  and you sir ... you are an elementary school dropout ? 
  no , thanks . 
  you should stay in turkey . '', 
  [ according to the news , the tourist is kuwaiti-born irish citizen mohammed fadel dobbous ] ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/mystery-irish-boxer-who-fought-6323107 ), 
  this refugee issue is also politicized like everything . 
  akp ( erdogan 's party ) supporters have a positive view about them . 
  some of them even support the idea of giving all these people turkish citizenship . 
  but other party supporters share a more negative view about them . 
  nationalists think that due to their ethnicity they should be expelled immediately and secularists think that they may damage our secular society so they should be expelled . 
  most secularists and some nationalists are living in western coastal cities . 
  sometimes i hear local people talking like : `` let them go to europe , we ca n't afford this much refugees '' . 
  everyday , on news , you can see a story about how government officials rescued a boat of refugees try to cross the sea to reach greek islands . 
  i think the media try to give the impression : `` our officials try to block the refugees to reach greece as much as they can but they are just too much . '', 
  of course in the end , every non-akp supporters blame akp for this mess because the way the refugees are welcomed is too uncontrolled . 
  for example in my hometown izmir , located in the western coast , population is 4.5 mil and estimated refugees are 100.000 . 
  most of them say that they are waiting for a smuggler to cross them to greece . 
  the stories about refugees piling in coastal cities also have coverage in the media . 
  thanks for the translation of this interesting story . 
  in my hometown izmir , just few miles away from greek island chios , i see lots of syrian refugees with swimming equipments waiting for a call from the smugglers . 
  i 've always wondered their reasons for going to europe . 
  very enlightening story . 
  lol `` there is always someone worse than you '' . 
  vice director of ulakbim ( turkish academic network and information centre ) which is a key unit of tubitak ( scientific and technological research council of turkey ) is a theology graduate and he is the former director of ankara zoo . 
  most akp voters in turkey are less conservative than german turks . 
  also , i think what he has meant to say is most of those first generation german turks were coming from central or eastern anatolian villages where non-industrialized/poor and conservative lifestyle is common and they had never lived in a city before migrating to germany . 
  yes , all parties except akp are against erdogan 's presidential reform plans . 
  news say that , if they form a coalition government , they will rename the peace process as democratization and they will continue to strive for peace . 
  but i do n't think it will be as compromising as before . 
  at least mhp respects the constitution and laws . 
  since turkey is a largely conservative country , i do n't expect more leftist parties like chp to get majority of the votes or form a coalition with a rightist party . 
  almost all akp or mhp voters i 've talked to think that only infidels vote for leftist parties . 
  according to the news , akp and mhp have agreed to form a coalition government but it has not officially announced yet . 
  plus , if all of them become turkish citizens at once , turkey 's gdp per capita will drop to china 's level . 
  also , hdi will probably be negatively affected too . 
  we also butcher quadrillions of armenians every day . 
  i like to read europeans ' opinions about immigration . 
  on our social media , we discuss about syrian refugees ' future in turkey . 
  then i come here and read europeans ' thoughts about immigration and their own refugees . 
  always nice to read different views . 
  recently demirtas said that they will never form a coalition with akp and they will be loyal to the votes they gained from secular chp voters . 
  no harams in atheism my friend  . 
  they do n't have enough deputies to form a coalition government . 
  they need hdp . 
  finally !, 
  i 'm getting drunk tonight to celebrate this !, 
  i hope this is the beginning of the fall of akp and erdogan . 
  there are some chp supporters voting for hdp just for the reason you say . 
  i do n't think it 's a bad idea but i do n't want chp to lose so many votes , so , i keep voting for them . 
  before akp came into power chp was one of the most popular parties . 
  they were always largely represented in the parliament . 
  they banned to wear hijab in universities and public offices , they did n't tax the alcohol , they were against imam hatip schools ( a kind of high school which give religious education ) , etc. . 
  but now they say that they are n't against the islamic education in imam hatip schools , they wo n't ban the hijab in universities , they do n't have any hatred against conservative people , etc. 
  as you say , akp can be classified as a neoconservatist party . 
  they use the religion as a tool to attract conservative people while they lie to their voters ' face every time . 
  i think erdogan has nothing to do with religion , he 's just a big liar . 
  in my opinion , akp is n't like conservative parties in europe , or parties like golden dawn . 
  we call akp as a ` islamofacist ' party . 
  they like to shove their religious and traditional beliefs to everyone 's throats . 
  i 've noticed that conservative parties in europe is just like chp , they do n't force people to believe what they believe . 
  they are much more liberal than akp . 
  turkey is a largely conservative country compared to europe . 
  as you say , they support secularism , free speech and personal freedoms but they realized that they have to change some of their views to gain more votes from the conservative people , so , they became a little more conservative over time .
