  erdogan just said the bomber is syrian . 
  so it 's most likely isis . 
  strange alaska is yellow ? 
  erdogan rocks . 
  he knows how to insult people and his street language skills are amazing . 
  he barely uses formal language . 
  also [ his english skills worth mentioning ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ga5boyi3lqc ) . 
  erdogan 's family is from georgia . 
  if you consider georgians as brown , then it 's ok . 
  i 'm at izmir right now . 
  weather is expected to be rainy around 10 \u00b0 c for the whole next week . 
  if you do n't get stuck in istanbul , izmir will be fine . 
  you 're welcome, 
  yes , `` sav '' means argument or word . 
  and suffix '' - as '' generally gives the word `` doing something together '' meaning . 
  so `` savas '' basically means `` arguing with each other '' . 
  from my observations , some of them are very nicely educated and modern , while some of them are extremely uneducated , poor and it seems very hard to adapt our lifestyle . 
  they have n't caused a major trouble in turkey yet . 
  but if our government gives all of them citizenship , i think very big problems are waiting ahead for turkey . 
  i am expecting a refugee dlc or mod for euro truck simulator 2 , one of my favorite games . 
  that would be nice . 
  afaik france has bases at some gulf states . 
  google translate really improved its turkish-english translation quality . 
  here is the link : http://onedio.com/haber/turkiye-deki-ateist-nufus-hizla-artiyor-468344 sorry guys but the link is in turkish . 
  nope . 
  i am neither a nationalist nor making fun of him . 
  one of my grandmothers is albanian ( my mother 's mother ) . 
  she married my grandfather who was living at macedonia . 
  my grandfather is part turk and part macedonian . 
  after marriage they decided to live in thessaloniki . 
  but the wwi started and they escaped to usa . 
  after the wall street crash in 1930s , they became unemployed and with my grandfather 's will , they migrated to turkey . 
  as a part albanian , happy kebab removal day albania !, 
  strange , so , unlike most redditors , nato backs turkey . 
  some of my relatives are us citizen and i visited us so many times . 
  i 've never met an american that knows where turkey is located in the world . 
  some of them told me they thought that turkey is a state of canada . 
  i can agree with you about erdogan and press freedom . 
  other than that , isis ties are as you say ` rumored ' and turkey has been fighting kurds for about 30 years . 
  there is a big nato command post next to my house . 
  and also some of my close relatives are working for nato . 
  i wonder what will happen to them if turkey leaves nato . 
  https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/669188253279473664/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw alleged turkey 's letter to inform un about the situation . 
  with or without putin 's intervention , turkey-nato alliance is already ` somewhat ' broken . 
  a little thing happens and everybody goes ` turkey out of nato now !, 
  nope most of those refugees are innocent civilians but of course there are some bad apples among them . 
  so turkey should have closed its borders immediately and no-one should be allowed in or out ? 
  that is stupid . 
  then no-one should ever blame germany because they let refugees in and one of them blew himself up . 
  they should have let no-one in or out . 
   also : the pkk and isis are very different organisations , even though the erdoganist propaganda tries to portray them as the same . 
  both are recognized as terrorist groups by the international organizations . 
   and isis did and still does enjoy support by the turkish state , recently the had air support by the turkish military against the ypg . 
  so before you lecture france and others who they should listen to , maybe you should look at the state-terrorism of the turkish government . 
  last time i read the news ( this morning ) us and turkey was planning to shut down the turkish-syria border and attack isis . 
  what a great support . 
   you try to change the subject , make it about turkish nationalist self-pity : / u/mrcakeorb [ 1 ] and the football hooligans in question are dehumanised fascists who do n't even care about the turkish victim of the international terrorist attack of paris . 
  you are quite near their ideology as well if you now make this not about your hatred of kurds and the official line of the turkish government about the pkk . 
  if pitying pkk is hating kurds , then pitying isis must be hating all muslim people ? 
  again , those ` turkish ' supporters were disgusting but nobody is pure clean . 
  one of those people ` fleeing from the is ' exploded himself during the paris attacks . 
  nope i am very sorry for the death of those people . 
  but you told that  there was at least one turkish citizen who died in the attacks of paris and there have been a lot of solidarity in france with turkish victims of terrorism and state terrorism ( like the ankara attacks possibly were ) in the past . 
  imagine an isis leader giving a speech at the turkish senate . 
  what kind of solidarity is this ? 
  have an isis leader ever given a speech at the french congress ? 
  if that ever happens , people should burn that place . 
  a government should be responsible to its citizens . 
  i do n't agree with / u/mrcakeord but zubeyir aydar ( a top pkk leader and also wanted by interpol ) gave a speech at the french senate just a day before the paris attacks . 
  is this the solidarity with turkey ? 
  and merkel made the is possible by inviting every refugee to germany . 
  that was not an hdp rally . 
  lots of chp supporters were also died on that rally . 
  and the attack was arranged by isis not by a turkish political movement . 
  as i said , they have been operating for years , by that logic , they should have been killed years ago . 
  that association is recognized by the turkish presidency of religious affairs and they have been operating for years . 
  who do you think will behead them ? 
  i think the increase of akp votes is due to pm davutoglu 's promise to find every single man a wife . 
  i did n't know that there were so much single men in turkey . 
  voted for chp again like the last six elections . 
  i 'm tired of voting for a party that never takes the majority of the seats . 
  between the 2008 global economic crisis - 2013 gezi park protests was his best times in my opinion . 
  he was highly regarded by the western media during that time period . 
  after watching the police raid to gulen 's newspaper and tv channels , i can say that erdogan ( and also akp ) completely lost his mind . 
  the new government appointed administrator of the newspaper is more than disgusting . 
  i hope akp wo n't take the majority of the seats this time again . 
  [ stoya is with us against erdogan guys no problems . 
  remove kebab from berlin and give it back to us then . 
  of course not . 
  the attack was totally wrong . 
  it was a huge blow to free press . 
  in the turkish social media , people are talking about they should stand with gulenists because next time their turn might come and secularists ( or any other opposition group ) may be the new gulenists . 
  nope . 
  i visited germany but living in turkey . 
  actually a considerable portion of the opposition is happy with that since fetullah gulen was once no different than erdogan . 
  what do you feel in europe ? 
  charlie hebdo occurred because of turkey ? 
  you only see some refugees because they are too much and turkey is n't a very rich country to take care of them all . 
  what 's erdogan 's policy ? 
  do you think fighting against ypg/pkk is erdogan 's policy ?
