  they also share ataturk 's view on nationalism so i can say they are more like centre-right parties in europe . 
  while akp do n't have an equivalent in europe i 'd say . 
  president of the party repeatedly stated their ties with pkk . 
  also supporters of that party wave the flag of abdullah ocalan ( ex-leader of the pkk ) at every party meetings . 
  so i think op has a point . 
  please excuse me but are you a troll ? 
  voted for chp like the last 4 elections . 
  i hope at least a coalition government comes to power this time instead of just akp . 
  i loved their citizenship application procedure . 
  it 's like applying for a position in a company . 
  `` dunyayi kurtaran adam '' ( roughly translation : the man who saved the world ) a real piece of art ... 
  i think our government does n't withdraw our candidacy because of bilateral economic and political relations between we and the eu states . 
  even with a democratic government , we should n't join the eu in my opinion ( because of geographical , cultural and some other reasons . ), 
  conservative people in turkey really like to push their religious beliefs on other people . 
  they want everyone in the university become religious like them . 
  our rector first announced his plans to build a mosque inside the campus . 
  and it 's no wonder that he 's appointed by akp ( erdogan 's party ) . 
  if he gets enough support from that change.org campaigns , he can build a mosque , regardless the signatories are students or not . 
  this is how things are working in turkey . 
  also , thanks for your good wishes about buddha temples . 
  may siddhartha bless you . 
  of course there may be some non-students that are signing for the construction of the buddhist temple . 
  but i 've come across lots of conservative and uneducated people who has nothing to do with my university , on social media supporting and signing for the construction of the mosque . 
  they were also calling their friends to participate in the campaign . 
  that really pissed me off . 
  i 'm a phd student of mechanical engineering at that university . 
  while the majority of the students oppose the construction of a mosque , number of signatories that support the mosque construction are on the rise because non-students are also participating right now after this campaign spread to the social media . 
  which pisses me off greatly . 
  i bet most of those students do n't even know where gaza is . 
  ottomans tried to warn them about their immigration policies . 
  but they did n't listen . 
  `` they are a little strict about preserving their culture '' would be a better definition in my opinion . 
  which is a nice thing i believe . 
  it is a backward tradition . 
  and yes , it 's not compatible with western values . 
  so you define everything backwards as radical islam ? 
  it does n't harm anyone other than the family members . 
  just for the info , in turkey , honor killings , which is prevalent in eastern turkey , mostly happen because a woman have a relationship or marries with a man , who 's not accepted or not known by the woman 's family . 
  that has very little to do with radical islam . 
  condolences from turkey . 
  those guys are not secular , feminist , pro-lgbt . 
  i wonder why . 
  newroz is n't banned in all cities . 
  just banned in large cities like istanbul , izmir and ankara where pkk bombings happened recently or risk of bombing . 
  just few comments below i was talking about people like you with another french redditor . 
  i 'm not saying that turkish army is perfect but please provide sources other than rt and kurdish sites where anti-turkey propaganda is very common . 
  answer to your curiosity : turkish civilians and tourists . 
  well i know lots of great people from that area too . 
  i have a friend from that region whom i like much much more than most of my turk friends . 
  pkk is very active there . 
  probably those people are manipulated by pkk sympathizers living there . 
  yes . 
  you are right . 
  not only western media , most people i met in real life in toulouse-albi area were thinking the same way . 
  i 'm sure most of them are happy now since more turks are dead . 
  i wonder which secular , feminist , pro-lgbt organization did this time . 
  looks steampunkish . 
  i think we should never ever join the eu , even after if we become the most technologically advanced and richest nation one day . 
  here are some points that i disagree with him : * he says that turkey 's average gdp income is half of the poorest eu member state 's . 
  this is not true , although turkey is much larger than countries like romania , bulgaria and poland , we have almost the same gdp per capita . 
  * he claims that if eu allows visa-free travel to turkish nationals , most of them will migrate to richer eu countries . 
  i do n't think so . 
  * he says that turkey is bombing kurds who are fighting against isis . 
  turkey have been fighting against kurds ( pkk/ypg/pyd ) for about 30 years . 
  that has nothing to do with isis . 
  * the pew poll he mentioned also says that almost same percent of nigerian christians and buddhists support the ideas of isis . 
  * he says that turkey is buying isis oil . 
  however , his country along with many nato countries refute those claims . 
  also ` kalp ' is commonly used in turkish which comes from arabic word ` kalb ' . 
  where did you get that ? 
  pm davutoglu said that he has ties with pkk/pyd , if the dead body is salih necar 's of course . 
  that 's what / u/sorusoranadam 's saying . 
  yes , ankara was n't a big city . 
  but it is located at the center of turkey , it does n't have sea connection , and the area of ankara is mountainous . 
  therefore , it can be easily defended and hard to fall to enemy armies in case of a war . 
  on the other hand , istanbul has sea connection , bosphorus is a huge disadvantage because it is geographically very easily accessible ( this was proved in ww1 ) and close to greece and bulgaria so it 's not a good option . 
  nope , ataturk was born in thessaloniki , today 's greece . 
  thanks to facebook , they put a safety check for people living in ankara . 
  but unfortunately most people connecting to internet with a turkish isp ca n't access facebook without a proxy or vpn right now because our great government has banned all social media sites temporarily , how miserable . 
  istanbul was the capital of the ottoman empire but ataturk decided to move the capital to a more central city since istanbul is close to greece and bulgaria thus more risk of falling to enemy armies in case of a war . 
  omg that title ... anyways , op can you give a source about your second update ? 
  except the aircrafts , turkey is quite self-reliant . 
  just for the info , in the old turkic `` or '' means `` to mow '' , with the '' - ak '' suffix it becomes `` orak '' which means `` sickle '' and with the '' - man '' suffix it becomes `` orman '' ( forest ) which means `` the place that is mown '' . 
  i am from izmir too . 
  i have n't seen any refugees in my neighborhood . 
  i do n't want to see more women wearing hijabs in my neighborhood so it 's nice . 
  i 've seen some at konak district last summer . 
  most of them were basically a few women with dozens of children . 
  people say that most of them are settled in basmane district . 
  for now , my life has n't changed a bit . 
  i live in izmir , a major escape route to greece for refugees . 
  i can confirm the greek president . 
  he is not wrong . 
  wow , belgium and portugal are less safe than turkey ? 
  why ? 
  that ' - ija / - ije ' suffix is very similar to suffix we use in turkish ' - iya / - iye ' . 
  for example , some lithuanian and turkish names , rusija-rusya , turkija-turkiye , ispanija-ispanya , italija-italya , etc. 
  also ' - iya / - iye ' is a feminine suffix in turkish . 
  well , most of the victims are european . 
  also , the attack took place in the european side of istanbul .
