  it 's because they 've developed a culture of shame and self-hatred , and are attempting to drag down the rest of the west with them . 
  it 's quite possible to find a middle ground between `` let everyone in ! '', 
  and `` shoot them all ! '', 
  ( the uk 's recent announcement about taking in people who apply for asylum from safe zones in or near syria should be an example for all ) , but they 're entirely unwilling to do so . 
  culture and mentality ? 
  no , not really . 
  unless i 've missed an important piece of news , poland 's response to the refugee crisis has basically been telling germany to go to hell and refusing to take in anyone who 's not a christian . 
  [ sure , but we already have a contingency plan in place for getting rid of florida . 
  well , you could always leave the union and petition to join the uk ... 
  and turkey has turned syria into a charnel house by funding and aiding isis . 
  because boiled cabbage is n't very tasty , and ruins the rest of the dish , which would be quite good if you wrapped it in something else . 
  they do n't view it as a minor downside . 
  they 'd also probably be far more amenable were the eu to actually start protecting its own borders . 
  a one-time influx might be acceptable , but is that what this is ? 
  `` worked '', 
  cheap labor . 
  only up to a point , after which you 'll get violence on a larger scale and a lot of innocent dead people . 
  ignore international law . 
  what 's the un going to do ? 
   what 's shocking to me is that a lot of the people pushing for more refuges and immigrants are left leaning liberals . 
  the people coming here are at best deeply conservative and hold views that would be seen as extreme by all but the radical right and at worst are fundamentalists who hate europeans and everything we stand for but still come here for some reason instead of going to saudi arabia . 
  there 's a very large subset of the western political left that hates western culture and anything associated with it first and foremost . 
  it 's quite similar in temperament to the religious right . 
  if germany has proclaimed that it 's taking all syrians , what 's there to lose from throwing away your id and trying to pass as one ? 
  if you fail , it 's not as if you 'll be any worse off . 
   of course , external border control must also be improved and economic migrants separated from refugees and turned back . 
  only it probably wo n't be , and this is why there 's a problem . 
  if this was limited to a finite group of refugees and not seen by many countries as the thin end of the wedge , this redistribution problem would be far less severe , if it existed at all . 
  and make them pay how ? 
  if you 're willing to seize any assets they may have in the eu , it could work . 
  it 's pretty clear he 's trolling . 
  yes , although not because of their culture , but rather because of european culture and its current strong suicidal strain . 
  if the eu were to import muslims * en masse * ( there are also economic reasons for this being a bad idea , but in this hypothetical reality , let 's assume they do n't exist ) , then adopt a policy of aggressive assimilation that encouraged those aspects of their culture compatible with its own , while dealing harshly with such things as treatment of women , approach to other religions , etc , then a few generations down the line you 'd have a thoroughly westernized group of euro-muslims and no one outside of the occasional racist would bat an eye . 
  instead , thanks to the self-hating wing of the european left , you 've had an approach that tolerates anything that non-white immigrants do under the rubric of `` multiculturalism '' . 
  until that approach is changed , bringing in a large group of culturally incompatible people is sure to end in disaster . 
   it would , but all of those things are outside the realm of possibility for any european country to do ... why do you think so ? 
  they have the manpower and military equipment to do so . 
  if they do n't so something , then the next wave of governments will have the political will to carry something similar out . 
   aaaand there it is . 
  when reddit says `` assimilate '' , they mean `` give up islam because there 's no way one can be muslim snd european '' . 
  wrong . 
  it 's `` give up those aspects of islam that are incompatible with western civilization '' . 
  tatars , bosniaks , and an awful lot of indonesians all practice islam in such a way . 
  anyone who throws themselves into the sea should deal with the consequences . 
  also , seizing the boats , executing the smugglers and then returning them to the african coast would make people think twice before doing such a thing . 
  what nonsense . 
  patrolling the med and putting a heavily armed force on the eu 's southeastern border would work just as well . 
  cooperating with the turks to help them police their border would n't be a bad idea either . 
  yes . 
  clearly , you 're obligated to pay for the health costs of any beer-drinking americans , and should also grant us residency and a reasonable stipend should we happen to show up in your country . 
  oktoberfest is starting soon , is n't it ? 
  the longer that the eu sits back and twiddles its thumbs instead of finding a reasonable way to deal with the situation , the more numerous the voices yelling `` let them drown '' will grow . 
  i 'm sure this 'll go over well , and not result in riots or attacks on migrants . 
  yes , but not due to either of those . 
  it is ? 
  according to who ? 
  the state media that he controls ? 
  for a baby killer ? 
  no , not really . 
  and also their culture , which is n't exactly going to disappear . 
  it 's not happening nearly as much as you think in america , and the us has two major factors in its favor : a lot more cultural assimilation than you 'd think , and immigration from countries that are pretty culturally compatible in the first place . 
  true , but due to substandard materials it 'll probably have fallen down in another week . 
   what do you think would happen if of all countries germany comes up with the `` shut down borders '' idea ? 
  leftwingers would scream bloody murder , rightwingers would cheer , and those on the fence would sit back and see how everything developed . 
   there really are no good solutions to this problem . 
  i disagree . 
  using the military to close the southern borders would likely be an effective solution . 
  and do n't give me any nonsense about international law , as it 's ignored by pretty much everyone whenever it 's expedient . 
  out of interest , what would * you * do to stop them ? 
  mostly because it 's unable to keep them out , or its government is unwilling to . 
  nah , you capture the boats , find the smugglers , shoot them and toss them over the side , then send someone over to crew the ship and escort it and its passengers to its port of origin . 
  if human traffickers start being treated like pirates once were , it 'll become a far less appealing occupation . 
  western europe was exactly the same . 
  worse , actually , due to being better at it . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure if someone heads for syria with the intention of murdering , enslaving and torturing `` infidels '' , they deserve anything they get . 
  naval blockade , heavy border controls in the southeast . 
  you do know there 's a reason that people keep bringing this up , right ? 
   sometimes i wonder if the usa is lucky enough to get the more educated muslims ? 
  yes . 
  the majority of muslim immigrants to the us have been middle or upper class . 
  yes , but we here in america have a culture that 's extraordinarily effective at assimilating immigrants within a generation or less , and the vast majority of people coming here ( legally or not ) come from cultures that are fairly closely related to our own ( latin america ) , or that have basic modes of behavior that are fairly similar to ours ( east asia ) . 
  you ca n't blame eu citizens for thinking about their own futures and not wanting to let them in , either . 
  well , the calais situation seems to be about the french wanting to pass the buck , and the brits having none of it . 
  this situation in spain is a bit more straightforward . 
  sure , some do . 
  that said , more do n't feel that they ought to help others before helping themselves and those they view as part of their in-group . 
  but why would they run in such elections ? 
  are they retarded or something ? 
  better poland than russia . 
  putin counters with a demand that istanbul be returned to greece . 
  total war will never be a relic of the past , unfortunately . 
  poland 's current situation is a direct result of ww2 and its aftermath , and until relatively recently , it had no say over its own affairs . 
  i 'm assuming that you 're from somewhere in the former west germany ? 
   countries should share the refugee load , do n't you think ? 
  how can they tell who 's dangerous and who is n't ? 
  shoot them . 
  several memorial murals , yes . 
  i found them creepy too . 
  i 'd say that they were the values of those members of the eu that influenced those laws at the time of their creation . 
  are they the current values of the eu , or even of those same original member states ?
