  was it supposed to be ? 
  i was under the impression that it was a sort of morbid memorial/symbol of mourning . 
   ... most of them will integrate well in the next 30 years . 
  what makes you think so ? 
  so the values of the german left are now the values of the eu ? 
  violence was the answer to nazism , and that 's essentially what we 're dealing with here , only in its early stages . 
  it would be the first step . 
  financial measures against governments suspected to be funding such groups , mass deportations , a militarized eu border , targeted assassinations abroad , etc ought to follow . 
  to a point . 
  there are marches , meetings , political lobbies , known extremist preachers , and the like . 
  start with them . 
  the point here is n't to go after every religious person , just keep tabs on those who are known for agitating for this sort of thing , and the moment anything 's out of place , act . 
  it 's a start . 
  pass laws outlawing religious extremism and use them to round up the religious leaders/followers that have been fostering this sort of poisonous atmosphere for decades now . 
  well , there are ways of dealing with such things . 
  the ability is there , the will is not . 
  yet , anyway . 
  you have n't had a crisis comparable to this one until now . 
  i 'm not making any predictions either way , but past success is no guarantee of future success . 
  each situation must be looked at in context . 
  beg or not , it 'll never get in . 
  the only way you 'd ever see turkey in the eu is if all the secularists moved west and the country split into two . 
  oh , it will , but not due to anything that the uk does , at least not intentionally . 
  the eu 's problem is german dominance , and that 's not changing anytime soon . 
  libya . 
  [ it 's made its way into english comedy before ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-pliul37xm ), 
  the middle east is n't remotely western . 
  it has own cultural sphere , parts of which extend into northern africa and south asia . 
  ideals , and more importantly the self-righteous pursuit of them , are one of the banes of human existence, 
  does n't that pretty much make it a bad idea ? 
  an idea that 's attractive only in theory is n't exactly a good one , i think . 
  australia , i suppose . 
  yes they do , they just call it yugoslavia . 
  it 's known mainly for wars and producing an awful lot of very good basketball players . 
  nope , not going to happen . 
  not in any significant number , anyhow . 
  no matter which party is in power , our government has a bit more common sense than that . 
   i 'm reasonably certain it would n't be described as a ` quirk ' if any respectable european country had a similar policy . 
  only because far too many racist extremists would see fit to praise turkey for a common-sense policy while attacking any western countries utilizing a similar one . 
   you ca n't just shut yourself off , they will come legally or illegally and we need to accept that we ca n't just ` turn back the boats ' or hope a fence will save us . 
  nonsense . 
  putting the military on our southern border would stop latin american illegal immigration in its tracks . 
  there 's no political will to do so , for a variety of reasons . 
   he moved here when he was 9 . 
  in that case , the answer is simple : he likes german culture as it is and does n't want to see it changed by an influx of middle easterners . 
  the vast majority of those settlement waves did n't result in a cultural mix , but rather a displacement or elimination of the culture or cultures already there . 
  as for the soviet settlers , i was drawing a parallel between that and germany 's current attempts to foist refugee quotas on the rest of the eu . 
  less harsh , to be sure , but introduce a large group of people into an area over the objections of the populace and you 're just asking for trouble , be it now or further down the line . 
   people from different cultures have been living together for millennia , geert . 
  stop being such a panicky bitch . 
  yes they have , when such mixes come about naturally . 
  when they occur as part of an attempt at social engineering , eg . 
  russian settlers and mass resettlement during the heyday of the ussr , they tend to be unsuccessful in the long run . 
  maybe they ought not to have entered the country in the first place if they did n't want to be detained . 
  yes , that was the point i was making . 
  your link reinforces it . 
  in which case it 's not unreasonable to believe that dyson 's pretty sure of the claims that he 's making . 
   people here kinda expect them to be the least racist people in the world i think . 
  i was surprised too . 
  why is that , i wonder ? 
  generally , when people have been screwed over in some way or another , it makes them more prone to doing such things themselves , not less . 
  do n't tell him . 
  just dress them up as stereotypical russians and by the time he catches on , it 'll be too late . 
  from now on , all unidentified refugees are assumed to come from russian crimea , a peaceful and pleasant place that no one would ever flee from . 
  no trouble to send them back , then !, 
  problem solved !, 
  safe harbour ? 
  not quite . 
  merely trying to eliminate the people ferrying the refugees across the sea , making heading elsewhere ( the rich gulf states , perhaps ) a more viable option . 
  seize the boats , discover who the smugglers are and give them an immediate burial at sea , then send the boats back to libya . 
  in addition to this , send special forces into libya to identify and kill any smugglers or those enabling them . 
  * part * of russia is in europe , unless you believe that europe borders alaska . 
  have you ever heard of a navy ? 
  how about drones ? 
  sure , such a solution would n't be 100 % effective , between the two i think they 'd do a pretty good job compared to the current clusterfuck in the mediterranean . 
  except for western leftists . 
  why is that , exactly ? 
  on this scale ? 
  i 'm fairly sure that if you 'd said that same thing about burning down refugee centers a year or two ago , most of us would 've agreed with you . 
  society can change in a hurry , especially when the backlash has been a long time coming . 
  why ? 
  because `` it could n't possibly happen here '' ? 
  history 's proven that one wrong time and time again . 
  no , the worst ones are those in government promoting the constant influx of immigrants , fully aware that they 'll never have to deal with it in their own wealthy enclaves . 
   the closest the muslim countries are europe the more secular they are . 
  the hell you say . 
  take a look at north africa vs. central asia and then think about your statement . 
  i very much hope you 're right . 
   becuase erdogan pretty much holds the power to destroy the eu in his hands in the form of `` 2.5 million syrian refugee '' card which he is subtly threatening to release onto europe if his demands are not met . 
  no , it 's the eu 's own pathetic approach to the situation that gives him any power . 
  if the migrants and refugees were turned back at gunpoint and hunted down and shipped to libya if caught past the border , he 'd have no leverage whatsoever . 
  jews were n't trying to conquer and colonize europe for over a millennium , whereas muslims were . 
  that 's a bit of an oversimplification , to be sure , but it 's at the core of europe 's problem with the religion . 
  in addition to being the faith of a long-time foe , it sits at the center of a cultural sphere that 's in large part opposed to european values ( and modernity , which should n't be confused with the former although they do overlap ) , and is in many ways its polar opposite . 
  it 's not about how long it 's been around , but rather how it came here . 
  had it been mostly adopted as it was in places such as indonesia , europeans would have an entirely different view of the religion as a whole today . 
  both texas and california view washington as a cesspool full of backwards idiots , and if striking out on their own were a plausible option , they 'd go for it sooner rather than later . 
  nor mine , but about 80 % of them ended up dead just the same . 
  collateral damage , and all that . 
  what can i say ?
