i 'm sorry , i misread the earlier posts and assumed this would be in addition to a fence . 
  rubber bullets , tear gas , tasers , flash grenades , batons , etc would all do the job quite well . 
  no need to fire actual bullets at anyone . 
  you have the manpower and the technology to do so . 
  it 's not unrealistic at all . 
  sure , it wo n't be 100 % effective , but it does n't need to be . 
  you 'd like to have a state like afghanistan within arms reach of europe ? 
  the best thing to do was to hope for an assad victory . 
  the idea that there should be such a thing as an antisemitism test is utterly deranged . 
  if you do n't like something , call it out . 
  if something is clearly nonsense , as holocaust denial ( to use a common example of antisemitism ) often is , point out the factual flaws . 
  what the fuck is going on in that video ? 
  because this discussion is about a german company and someone went off on a tangent . 
  they 're not a homogenous * racial * group . 
  ethnicity has to do with culture , so grouping them together is reasonable . 
  but it 's * already * clearly irrelevant . 
  the us , china , russia , etc all do what they like , and they 're only kept in check by the actions of other powers , not any law or organization like the un . 
  so basically you 're shooting yourselves in the foot and creating a likely crisis down the line by sticking to a standard that pretty much no one else gives a damn about . 
  bound how ? 
  what would happen if you were to ignore these regulations ? 
  what do you think the short and long-term results would be ? 
  if not for all that nonsense in eastern ukraine you might have a point . 
  as is ... 
   as you 're about to find out , there 's no humane way of stopping them . 
  time to move on to more effective options , then . 
  it 's true , though . 
  it 'd take a while to build up , but a few years down the line , you 'd have a war on your hands ( and probably a fascist revival in europe ) . 
  time to start shipping them out , then . 
  it 's not as if the un will do anything . 
  a war , that 's what would would happen . 
  corn . 
  so what 's really needed is a militarized southern/southeastern border , then . 
  folk dancers ? 
  are you sure about that ? 
  from what i 've seen , iranians , whether secular or religious , tend to be fairly successful at integrating and making a life for themselves in their new homes . 
  no , they 're not . 
  a giant stockpile of wmds is , though . 
   what 's that rude awakening according to you ? 
  if germany attempts to impose sanctions , they 'll soon find businesses and property within the countries targeted by said sanctions subject to seizures and nationalization . 
   they thought 3000 refugees max will come ... why does everyone seem to think this ? 
  do none of them watch the news ? 
  is there an affirmative action program in europe that awards most government positions to the developmentally disabled ? 
   i admit that the assimilation of syrian refugees may be harder than the assimilation of self-selecting liberal muslims who want to live in a western nation . 
  but ** practical experience ** has shown me that these are not insurmountable tasks . 
  what practical experience ? 
  you said yourself that the muslims that you 're likely to encounter are part of a liberal , self-selected group . 
  that 's not what europe has been dealing with for the past few decades . 
  yes , but if the russians can do it , why not everyone ? 
  chinese troops can open a resort on the diaoyu islands . 
  the us marine corps can take a weekend trip to havana . 
  argentine commandos can go surfing on the falklands beaches . 
  war , what war ? 
  everyone 's on vacation !, 
  long story short , they 're on `` vacation '' . 
  treaties are ignored all the time and the un is a sham . 
  well , it 's their country and not yours , mister commissioner . 
  they can do what they like . 
  do n't underestimate human stupidity . 
  i 'm not saying it 's not a hoax , but there an awful lot of idiots out there . 
  those states should threaten to nationalize german assets in their countries should the measure go through . 
  um , why not ? 
  are they not adults ? 
  they can fire guns just as effectively as men . 
  thanks . 
  are they screening those whom they let in ? 
  has norway been letting in massive crowds of immigrants ( be they refugees or migrants ) willy-nilly ? 
  if not , i ca n't imagine than an anti-immigration party would have much of a voter base . 
  i 'm on my phone and did n't have flair turned on . 
  thanks . 
  is there a particular reason that you tolerate this sort of crap ? 
  you do have an army and municipal and state police forces , do n't you ? 
  arrest them , and then deal extremely harshly with anyone who supports this sort of savage behavior by protesting . 
  why would you hope for it ? 
  it may often be a pain in the ass , but the uk is one of the eu 's few moderating influences . 
  preferable to the current state of affairs , as it 'll be more easily reversible . 
  unless it results in a massive backlash and move to the right . 
  we 'll see in a year or so . 
  turkey let them out , it can let them back in . 
  yes , that seems to be the general reaction to his election from all corners . 
  wants to disarm ? 
  give argentina the falklands ? 
  re-open the coal mines ? 
  what next ? 
  dig up thatcher and put her on trial ? 
  so he 's also in favor of taking back hong kong from the chinese , then ? 
  but is n't he generally correct in stating that middle eastern asylum seekers tend to put much more of a strain on the system ? 
  its not shit if it 's backed up by statistics . 
  do n't you have hate speech laws ? 
  what kind of ridiculous nonsense is that ? 
  all of this germans are nazis bullshit has gone on far too long , and in this case is preventing them from responding appropriately to an obvious problem . 
  tell me how you think rounding up religious radicals who want to enslave or exterminate the german people , and in fact * anyone * who 's not like them , is anything like what the nazis would do . 
  a responsibility for all human beings ? 
  what sort of nonsense is that ? 
  nations have a responsibility to the people born there and those that are part of their cultural sphere . 
  is there a reason that you do n't just consider rounding up these people ? 
  most . 
  they 've done a good job of revitalizing parts of st. louis . 
  do n't poles collect less welfare in the uk than native brits ? 
  or most other immigrant groups ? 
  better not .
