  those [ broomsticks ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2015/02/19/germanys-army-is-so-under-equipped-that-it-used-broomsticks-instead-of-machine-guns/ ) of theirs look pretty dangerous . 
  if they do n't trust hungarian authorities , i 'd suggest * not going to hungary * . 
  tongue-in-cheek , but considering the attitude of american conservatives towards islam , i 'm pretty surprised that they 've never gotten it into their heads to try this . 
  one major benefit would be the elimination of funding for saudi arabia 's repulsive and barbaric interpretation of islam , which it 's been successfully exporting abroad for decades now , to the world 's great detriment . 
  it would n't be the first time that a country has done something like this . 
  hmmm , every muslim country in the world ( and i think you 're overstating the case ) vs. the u.s. military in `` kill everyone '' mode ? 
  i think you underestimate just how effective modern wmds ( not including nukes ) are when you have no goal but killing as many people as possible . 
  also , if the entire religion were composed of extremists , it would n't only be the west at war with them , it 'd be the rest of humanity . 
  it has a point . 
  but of course the us does n't want to let putin keep his warm-water mediterranean port , so it 's bitching and moaning about a perfectly sane response to the situation . 
  it ought to be helping russia , if anything . 
  that 's a huge factor . 
  another is that islamic extremism here is met with a quick and forceful response from both the government and the surrounding populace ( including a large number of muslims who want nothing at all to do with anyone that crazy ) . 
  invade it , kill the ruling family , install a puppet government to continue stewardship of mecca and medina , take the oil for yourself and brutally murder anyone who disagrees . 
  they 're not mutually exclusive . 
  then invest in nuclear power . 
  and what makes you think that importing workers with a culture that 's in large part diametrically opposed to western humanism ( and i 'm not referring to extremists , who are another problem altogether ) is a proper solution to this ? 
  why not search for immigrants elsewhere ? 
   ultimately , i dislike the idea of playing thought police . 
  as do i , but when the government has proven itself to be either incompetent or outright hostile , and the belief system in question has invariably given rise to societies that i view as backwards and savage ( this is in large part due to the toxic influence of saudis on islam over the past few decades ... prior to that , i think a cultural compromise might 've been possible ) , i ca n't think of a better alternative . 
   their culture does not take priority over our law , and i 've certainly never heard anybody propose one law for white people and another for everybody else . 
  that 's not how i 've seen it work ( in practice ) throughout western europe for the last couple of decades . 
   either way , you ca n't blame the immigrants for the mistakes that all three branches of our government makes . 
  especially considering they do not actually have any power in said government . 
  if we do not enforce the law adequately , how are they - or anyone , for that matter - expected to follow it ? 
  i can blame them for adhering to a culture which i view as backwards and antithetical to modern civilized behavior . 
  i can blame european governments for being unwilling to enforce societal standards . 
  these two things are n't mutually exclusive . 
   if only our conservatives were such staunch defenders of secularism , gender equality and gay rights outside the context of immigration , we would actually be living in a perfect world . 
  fair enough . 
  on the other hand , i ca n't imagine that the left supports these values very much either , seeing as it 's willing to import hundreds of thousands of people whose culture is strongly opposed to all three . 
  look at their defense of this sort of behavior from the immigrant community over the past few decades . 
  one law for white people , another for everyone else , it seems . 
  why , i ca n't imagine . 
  no it is n't . 
  stop labeling every fucking thing as racism . 
  culture matters , not race . 
  if the entire recent influx of migrants was composed of secular humanists , opposition to it would be greatly reduced . 
   but is it happening so often ... 
  according to recent reports , yes it is . 
  what exactly is your government 's screening process for people claiming asylum who either refuse to provide a nation of origin , or who appear to be lying about theirs ? 
  assuming other countries stand for it and do n't start retaliating with crazy schemes like nationalizing all german property within their borders . 
  we 're still a ways away from anything that drastic , but give it a year or so ... 
  well yes , they 're allowed to emigrate because they 're part of a political and economic union with freedom of movement as one of its core rights . 
  that 's hardly comparable to chancellor merkel unilaterally inviting in refugees and economic migrants , then demanding that others help house them . 
  if you end up doing the exact opposite of what they want , and you 're not just being hyperbolic ( i suspect you are ) , then you 'd end up importing syrians by the millions , which does n't strike me as politically centrist at all . 
  so it 'll actually result in the rise of the hard left in germany ? 
  i do n't see that as any better than the extreme right-wingers . 
  who then ? 
  turkey ? 
  maybe china ? 
  usa ? 
  i very much doubt it . 
  how to draw the line , then ? 
  i really do n't think that anything short of fortress europe will stop people from coming . 
  if you negotiate and then join the russians in helping him , he wo n't lose . 
  yes , but the sort of change that occurs can often be controlled ... certainly in this case . 
  wait a minute , i thought * you * were supposed to have his corpse !, 
  is n't that where you got the genetic material for those clones ? 
  do n't tell me you 've lost the damn thing !, 
  no , i 'm just saying they 're not going to be convinced to take in the syrians . 
  bribed , maybe ... but even that 's unlikely . 
  maybe someone should tell germany to stop inviting them all in , then . 
   also certain western countries are to blame for isis and other issues in the region ... 
  partially to blame , without a doubt . 
  but let 's not go absolving others of their involvement in all of this . 
  what about saudi arabia 's role ? 
  or russia 's in propping up assad ? 
  so it 's not about keeping them safe , as i 've heard so many media outlets claim ? 
  that 's a fine bit of goalpost moving . 
  true . 
  however , the line we 've been hearing over the past week or so is that these people would be in danger if they were to be expelled from europe . 
  this may be true for some , but it certainly does n't seem to be true for all . 
  in which case , why is europe taking in people who 've already reached a safe harbor ( without some sort of agreement with turkey to help ease its burden ) ? 
  that pretty much puts the lie to their being any sort of refugees . 
  if europe does n't want refugees , then it needs to stop them from entering , and to arrest and deport them when they 're found inside its borders . 
  instead , it 's been picking up anyone it finds at sea , and now angela merkel has made a statement that 'll be interpreted as the eu throwing its door open to them . 
  why would the us take in large numbers of refugees if it 's not in its interest ? 
  i 'm not sure i understand what you 're saying ... 
  it is your problem because they 're headed your way . 
  merkel just made it worse . 
  there is n't a likely candidate in the upcoming elections that i 'd vote for . 
  tough language is all talk and fences are useless on their own . 
  we 've never tried militarizing the southern border . 
  then i 'll repeat this bit from my earlier comment :  why not spend the money you 'll be using to accommodate these people to assist fellow eu citizens ? 
  and the americans will say `` sorry , we 're not letting you in '' . 
  back to square one . 
  syrians might head for the gulf states instead . 
  economic migrants would head for the richest african nations ( as many already do ) and possibly east asia ( something they 've also done , but in relatively limited numbers until now ) . 
  a global response is not forthcoming because few governments care . 
  the gulf states , which are fabulously wealthy and happen to be in the region , ca n't be bothered to help out . 
  why do you feel an obligation to do so ? 
  why not spend the money you 'll be using to accommodate these people to assist fellow eu citizens ? 
  by militarizing its southern border ( and patrolling off of the north african coast ) and allowing in limited numbers of people . 
  the eu is perfectly capable of dealing with this problem , but its elites have no desire to do so . 
  neither the united states nor canada is going to do much aside from agreeing to import a relatively small number of educated refugees . 
  also , it means that it 's suddenly open season on turkey . 
   as soon as the situation in syria settles down most of them will have to leave . 
  and what makes you think that the situation in syria will settle down ? 
   but it is astonishing that so many people in northern europe and all of their politicians are absolutely not willing to recognize this .
