  who the fuck said anything about `` needing to be from anywhere ? '', 
  italian fascism is inextricable form italian nationalism , to say it is interchangeable with fascism anywhere else is incredibly stupid , any secondary school student should understand this as this basically comes with the definition of fascism . 
  try get educated somewhere please . 
  you 're getting downvoted because you 're stupid . 
   the nationality can be replaced by any other . 
  but no it can not . 
  um , political ideologies like nazism and all forms of fascism are pretty inextricable from nationality , by their very nature . 
  that 's clear from a very basic understanding of fascism , it is never some trans-national ethos like communism purports to be . 
  but that was n't * real * fascism ... 
   einstein did n't get a prize for relativity ( special or general relativity ) but in 1912 , sweden gave a physics prize to gustaf dal\u00e9n for a sun valve the nobel prize for physics was always biased against theoretical innovations in favour of new inventions and experimental proofs ( hence there is no nobel prize for mathematics ) . 
  they did give einstein the prize for his work regarding photoelectricity , which was important of course , but not world-changing like relativity ( chiefly of interest today for anticipating quantum mechanics , but the committee would n't have thought about that ) . 
  i 'm pretty sire i 've seen a per-head map like this before , and iceland lead followed by ireland iirc . 
  edit : [ you were right , sweden and switzerland lead . 
  ] ( https://jakubmarian.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/nobel.jpg ), 
  wow , this was literally 5 minutes walk from the hostel i was staying at in march this year . 
  [ here 's the picture i took . 
  you do realise he is painted black , right ? 
  so colour is the one identifier that is * not * relevant here ? 
  so calling me colour blind is kind of dumb . 
  i 'm pretty sure romania is white , portugal is indeterminate . 
  would belgium and iceland really have that awkward handshake after anal sex ? 
  czech republic , germany would call his prostate the sudetenland . 
  oh please , iceland are * such * bottoms it 's not even funny, 
  england looks very , very frightened . 
  in what sense exactly does one inherit their parents ' geography ? 
  i mean , it 's not rocket science . 
  someone has been watching that canadian professor on youtube . 
  am i wrong ? 
  the ` marxism is attractive to compassionately-inclined intellectuals ' sounded familiar , then the jung quote was practically confirmation . 
  neither would turkey . 
  dignity is closely related to strength , is n't it ? 
  but yes , definitely right about the ` cruel vibe ' - zeus ruled because he was most powerful , and people who pissed him off ( see eg . 
  prometheus ) did not have a nice time of it . 
  greek myth probably is the most ` cruel ' i know of . 
  idk dude , did n't the turks destroy all the recordings of them ? 
  your guess is as good as mine . 
  oh , the disney documentary ? 
  yeah that was proven to be faked by the cia - this came from wikileaks last year . 
  do you live in a cave ? 
  i 'm sorry i see no great value in mincing words . 
  is that some kind of hip-hop album cover ? 
  her skin tone matches her hair , wtf, 
  and if you knew the myth or even read the title  phoenician she is neither . 
  if she was modelled on a real person , she was most likely italian ( as the painter is guido reni , an italian ) . 
  brexit has [ turned others gay . 
  except it 's still no sex because it 's some always some thrashy carry-on pantomime of sex that is the polar opposite of anything that could conceivably be called sexy . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  aristotle provided basis of western logic with law of non-contradiction ( a statement ca n't be both true and false ) and excluded middle ( every statmenent must be either true or false , there is no ` middle ' ) . 
  many systems in eastern philosophies do not have these laws , they can have more than 2 truth values and they can have contradictions ( the name for this is dialetheism ) . 
  there 's a story where the followers of the buddha asked him about the fate of an enlightened being after death and whether he would still exist , they asked if it were true , if it were false , it if were true * and * false , or if it were * neither * true * nor * false . 
  the buddha 's answer was that it was none of these . 
  if you think this is silly , you could design circuits and ultimately a computer around this design easily - the quantum computers that are going to become ubiquitous in the future will resemble this . 
  we all just nerded out on goethe :d i guess you know [ schubert 's lied ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=js91p-vmsf0 ) based on der erlkonig ? 
  he set many works by goethe to music as lieder actually , including prometheus . 
  the animations 's very nice too . 
  i mean that poem is truly terrifying aswell as sublime , i love that whole romantic attraction to the horrific things in the shadows . 
  very much present in eg . 
  i 'd recommend not making grand statements on intellectual history based on a podcast . 
  have n't you seen patriot games ? 
  let me guess . 
  * ( i know of nothing more wretched under the sun than you , gods ! ), 
  i do n't see it - * radically * different approaches to logic , for one . 
  [ greco-buddhism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greco-buddhism ) , staple of the hellenistic era ( wide spread of greek cultural influence due to the conquests of alexander the great ), 
  well male iq is a symmetrical variable ( gaussian distribution ) just like female iq , which means the ` tails ' of the curve are longer on * both * sides of the mean . 
  what i said about 4 men to 1 woman at 130 iq is equally true for 70 iq . 
  you can think of this as the reason why nobel prizes are mostly awarded to men and darwin awards are also mostly awardede to men . 
  as for ` risky ' jobs , testosterone is highly-correlated with risk-taking behaviour ( though i do n't think people who take a lot of risks are necessarily unintelligent like i think you might be implying ) . 
  that 's an argument for hiring male instead of female ( which i assume docksides already practice to a large degree ) , not for paying females less if you do hire them . 
  if they ca n't do the work they shoudl n't have been hired in the first place , if they * can * do the work you pay them for the bloody work, 
  hand-wavy arguments that rely on the supernatural concept of genetic memory ... yeah , not gon na hold water . 
  you know perfectly well that is n't an argument . 
  i did n't read the article in full but it included well-known scientific facts ( male brains being larger than female 's ) and cited respected researchers such as simon baron-cohen . 
  the difference in mean is very small , the difference in variance ( standard deviation , etc. ), 
  is huge . 
  precisely , for each standard deviation ( 15 iq points ) you deviate fomr the mean ( 100 ) , the ratio of women to men * halves * . 
  that means 4 men to every woman at iq 130 , 8 men to 1 woman at 145 , etc. 
  ( not exactly as there are fewer men right at the mean to begin with , but the ratio has that progression ) . 
  it certainly does mean highly intelligent people are mostly men . 
  it 's braubach . 
  idk how many redheads there are in lithuania . 
  i do know there are more redheads in scotland than in ireland . 
  what ? 
  what shitty band from europe c. 2005 would be popular in malaysia in 2017 ? 
  the rasmus is just the perfect answer to that question . 
  you guys made s.t.a.l.k.e.r , that deserves some credit . 
  this is literally just perspective , right ? 
  like , it 's the same principles as vision , if the earth was flat it would tell you what could actually be * seen * with a telescope or whatever . 
  of course the earth is not flat so the straight lines you drew are actually geodesics . 
  actually it is n't . 
  ` northern ireland ' is mostly the north-east . 
  it 's really , really famous already . 
   you could not be prosecuted is that different from greece ? 
  in one of plato 's dialogues , the discussion begins about a guy going to trial for murdering his slave . 
  i think you left out a very interesting fact about slaves and the legal system : that the legal testimony of a slave was legitimate * only if * the slave had been tortured in order to say what they say in court . 
  but that testimony would be considered certain truth , as it was believed a slave , by their nature , would always tell the truth under torture . 
  i believe it was murder . 
  so why did the metro photoshop in a black guy , is the real question, 
  what 's supposed to be going on here ? 
  famous norwegian prime minister varg vikernes keeping watch over mighty fjords . 
  other than the 4th ballade and the 1st ( which you mentioned ) , here are few of my favourites : [ `` aeolian harp '' etude ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zfnacyfpiqk ) [ `` raindrop '' prelude ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_6aptb3rnq ) [ waltz ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hocrygew1ny ) [ sonata , famous `` funeral march '' is 3rd mov .
