but that just sounds silly ... 
  but that 's the problem , `` fire-drunken '' does not sound natural * at all * in english . 
   i think the problem there is less one of language , german and english are quite compatible in these matters once you pull the poetic license card , but that the translators just did n't have the same skill as the maestro . 
  meh , you could be right . 
  lazy pricks . 
  i disagree , the fire element is essential !, 
  this is what i mean , there 's no way to translate that keeps the music * and * the poetry . 
  also , `` drunk with joy '' is 3 syllables , if you mean some kind of melisma on the ` u ' sound to make 4 , i do n't think that would sound good : / edit : i thought of a way , `` swooning with fire '' . 
  4 syllables , we did it guys , 
  exactly , fit that into 4 syllables . 
  certainly , people studying classics at my university here in ireland learn latin aswell as ancient greek , and some secondary schools still teach it as a subject ( posh ones , mostly ) , 
  well liturgical music is mass , is n't it . 
  and that would only apply to roman catholic composers , would n't it ? 
  the austrian and italian ones ... and of course , bach 's mass in b minor is a catholic mass . 
  latin is dead as a language that people actually speak . 
  medical and scientific terms are in latin precisely * because * it 's a dead language , so the meaning of words is fixed and not liable to change with use as is the case with a language that people actually speak . 
  it was dead long before vatican ii and it 's not true that most classical music is in latin , only masses and requiems . 
  bach 's cantatas and motets , for instance , are almost all sacred music and are all sung in german . 
  what is behind the idea of a latin text , i assume it 's because , latin being a dead language , it could belong to no-one nation in particular ( or to everyone , depending on your outlook ) ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  would homer , virgil , dante , cervantes , or shakespeare be more beautiful in other languages ? 
  why should schiller be any different ? 
  i ca n't speak for other languages but for a perfect illustration of what i mean , look no further than the first verse -- how would you even * translate * `` feuertrunken '' into english , let alone make it work musically ? 
  schiller was no slouch !, 
  beethoven himself said that , when putting poetry to music , a composer has to surpass the musicality of the poet -- and that even with such a great as goethe he could do this easily , but with schiller 's poetry he found it difficult . 
  not one of those equations is actually . . sorry , what fictional state does this describe ? 
  archaeology . . ? 
  it was n't * that * long ago , you know . 
   i think imperialism , totalitarianism and all that jazz are part of a religious system wtf has religion got to do with empire ? 
  whatever britain may or may not have done , they never had a sophisticated operation designed to exterminate every single member of an ethnic group under their * imperium * . 
  ha , well i sort of could have guessed . 
  i still think you 're wrong , who was endorsing homosexuality , non-marital sex , or fighting the patriarchy in the enlightenment ? 
  i do n't know what this word `` illuministic '' means ... like , the illuminati ? 
   `` well , we see that the rays are n't as strong as they were during the day '' the sun goes into stealth mode , i like this answer, 
  they did not understand the language ... ? 
  they were n't able to point to the sun ? 
  you 're kind of forgetting the big one , are n't you ? 
  european values * long * predate the enlightenment , and not mentioning christianity is completely stupid , whether you like it or not it is the most profound influence on anything we would call `` european values '' ( and on the enlightenment for that matter ) . 
  a lot of these `` values '' you mention did n't even become * de rigueur * until the latter half of the 20th century ffs . 
   unable to explain what the sun is what do you mean `` what the sun is '' ... ? 
  whether it 's a star or a planet ? 
  its chemical composition or ... ? 
  not beethoven or goethe ... but the hamburger ? 
  god , you really * are * american, 
  you provided a detailed and reasoned speculation and i understood none of it . 
  in fact , i understand even less now . 
  upvoted !, 
  can anyone tell me why they think lithuania might love japan ? 
  well technically iceland was occupied by us before the norsemen came ( i mean it 's only one letter different , duh !, 
  ) ... which is like being invaded by norway . 
  which is nothing new . 
  do n't question it . 
  `` ca n't play gta v ; i 'm being deprived of my human rights ! '', 
  i 'm quite certain i read a couple of years ago about him complaining that he only had a playstation 2 in his cell rather than a ps3 and that the games were n't to his liking . 
  of course he is human . 
  the desire to see him as not human is a common distancing mechanism for heinous acts . 
   if we just accept that y is true , then saying that x is true because y is true is totally logical ! '', 
  ... can you give me an example of an argument with * no * premises ? 
  that 's like an equation without an ' = ' . 
   just because an argument follows an internal logic if you assume the basic premise is true does not mean the conclusion is logically sound right , it makes it logically valid though . 
   not if you can already demonstrate that the premise is logically impossible . 
  . . can you ? 
   it 's logically impossible for there to both exist a being that is all-knowing and all-powerful and for us to have free will . 
  those two states are mutually exclusive this did actually occur to people thousands of years ago , like boethius . 
  you 're saying that an omniscient being necessitates a deterministic universe and that you ca n't have both free will and a deterministic universe , but that is using the most basic idea of free will . 
  [ they 're not actually incompatible ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/compatibilism ) . 
  `` free will '' does n't have to mean some magical quantum indeterminacy , but is generally just taken to mean conditions under which we could judge someone responsible for their actions considering them to act according to their own motivations . 
  yes i actually agree , the arguments i 'm talking about do n't satisfactorily address `` natural '' evil . 
  there have been some interesting arguments , although i do n't buy them . 
  is cherrypicking really that bad a thing ? 
   would you push half of the planet in the greatest depression ever if you could , just to be right wait , what kind of depression ? 
  are these people making $ $ $ from their belief ? 
  where can i join ? 
  point to me exactly where i said `` do n't allow '' you knee-jerking simpleton . 
  i said people `` thinking for themselves '' does n't necessarily entail some kind of collective enlightenment as the op suggested , even if it is a net positive for society it is not unilaterally a good thing ( few things are in reality , we always face trade-offs ) . 
   might as well get rid of democracy then . 
  it 's idiotic to question democracy ? 
  that seems a little narrow-minded . 
  plato was a huge moron , right ? 
  maybe where you 're from western-style democracy represents some kind of holy grail or certification of joining the civilised world , but only very unreflective people think of democracy as something that perfectly represents the electorate , even in its least corrupt instances . 
  it leads to more belief in horoscopes and people identifying as otherkin . 
  people thinking for themselves is n't always a good thing , a lot of people are n't very intelligent . 
   in greece the church is only capable to inspire the believers to kill gay people and muslims . 
  read a little about who saved the jews of zakynthos during the german occupation in wwii . 
   science is the word you are looking for . 
  oh come on , this is the most unsophisticated view there is , this is why educated people * laugh * at sam harris . 
   there is no logical solution in which god exists , is a force for good , and powerful enough to actually be worth our worship this has been an argument for millennia and people have worked hard to devise arguments . 
  they wo n't make an atheist start believing in god but they are generally accepted to show that it is not * logically impossible * in the way you claim -- provided the premises are acceptable , one of which is free will . 
  eh , i think looking to philosophy for the kind of guidance you mean is a mistake , and most people who try find it very lacking . 
  it 's what people tried to do during the enlightenment , and the human race did n't appear to become any more `` enlightened '' ( judging by the 20th century ) . 
  if philosophy could do this , i suspect there would be far fewer religious people . 
  plus a weird israelite mentality . 
  that sounds a lot like irish catholicism . 
  people believe all kinds of things they ca n't really articulate . 
  language has its limits . 
  the brutalist [ department of health ] ( http://img2.thejournal.ie/inline/1499693/original/?width=630&amp;version=1499693 ) in dublin . 
  ironically , it actually makes me feel quite ill . 
   flight of the wild geese think you mean `` flight of the earls '' . 
  the flight of the wild geese was something else entirely . 
  there 's no connotation of britishness with the d4 accent ... i 'm not sure there 's a west brit `` accent '' as such either , it 's just a disparaging term for people of a certain ( perceived ) cultural affiliation .
