  there 's a thought ... 
  this is what old posh irish people talk like ; the d4 accent is mostly celtic tiger millennials . 
  i saw him talk at university a few years ago , and he said that he got his accent from the extremely irish side of his family ( presumably his mother 's ) , whom `` if you cut open their arm , green would come out '' or something . 
  never ever even heard of `` little christmas '' or `` women 's christmas '' ... you 're taking the piss and went to the trouble of creating a hoax wikipedia page . 
  that 's commitment to piss-taking , which i begrudgingly respect . 
  sure are n't they world-famous for the bants , the chinese ? 
  great bunch of lads . 
  chairman mao was practically the archbishop of banterbury . 
  what is commonly called the cultural revolution was just some unusually extreme bants that resulted in the deaths of millions who simply could n't hack the session . 
  `` very beautiful '' refers to france or to the french ? 
  on my screen his username is `` fionnfearghas '' which is a gaelic name . 
  edit : i see now where he says bakfiets . 
  you 're . . not talking about ireland , right ? 
  one of the very few times i 've been asked to take my shoes off was in a dutch home so that is n't entirely true !, 
  it is dangerously fabulous , however . 
  does the dutch word for ` fire ' sound like an animal , one that would be a logical continuation of ` bear ' , ` tiger ' ? ... because that 's the only way i can imagine that joke being funny . 
  aside from that just not being how geopolitics works , you ca n't just bomb people to get them to stop hating you . 
  this kind of rhetoric is what was used to justify the iraq war , which you 'll remember ultimately led to the islamic `` state '' itself . 
  they threw grenades at the hostages , there 's a video someone uploaded to instagram where you can see survivors covered in blood ... for fuck 's sake . 
  [ here is the video , graphic obviously ... ] ( https://instagram.com/p/-cql-9bvax/ ) ,, 
  i 'm not sure myself , but our american friend , so far as i can tell , facetiously interpreted `` snacks '' to mean `` food '' and expressed outrage thus . 
  nothing approaching this ever happened in belfast ; the deadliest incident in all of the troubles was the omagh bombing of 1996 which killed about 30 people . 
  what are you proposing , a world war ? 
  not the time , ffs, 
  it reminded me , more than anything else , of / r/iamverysmart -- it would have fit right in there if they had had reddit in the '20s . 
  i believe cervantes and shakespeare both died on the same day . 
  i think we say ` indo-european ' in english now . 
  no-one said a `` significant number '' . 
  hell , i 've a friend from trier in northern germany , pure german and polish ancestry , looks like he could be from turkey . 
  also , `` darker '' does n't mean `` dark '' by international standards . 
  `` dark irish '' probably means someone like colin farrell , not exactly `` dark '' by world standards . 
  it 's a myth , they do n't actually exist . 
  irish people are just so predominantly very light-skinned that a myth developed around phenotypically darker-skinned people . 
  french . 
  this is pretty old as european flags go then ? 
  12th century ... 
  hitler was famous artist in australia before wwi on children 's tv show similar to u.k 's `` art attack '' . 
  in the trenches he heard wagner for the first time on a fellow soldier 's ipod , high out of his mind on a strong mixture of cocaine and mustard gas . 
  it was there he first realised the jews were behind all of australia 's problems and became nazi , even using artistic skills to design the party logo . 
  oh , and the name of the soldier who gave him the ipod ? 
  vaguely recalling how they 're shaped ... yeah i guess that is a pretty good design . 
  ha well [ the british plug-design generally lies facing up ] ( http://i.ytimg.com/vi/mdqnzp7qrlu/maxresdefault.jpg ) . 
  standing on them without shoes , you wish you had the number for dignitas handy . 
  fuck those sadistic german sockets , with the little needle-thin plugs you have to shove in like an unlubricated fist ... i ca n't imagine how painful they would be to stand on . 
  i do n't get it . 
  the owner of this bike is not a popular guy , he annoyed the locals ? 
  or it annoys them that it 's an expensive bike or something ? 
  see , what if i told you that humane beings were actually complex and were n't just some simple `` parts '' working together . 
  things like motivation , inspiration , etc. 
  are actually relevant to consider . 
  and this is really the thing about scientists who advance new theories aer really interested in , hence stories about newton sitting under an apple-tree . 
  you think someone 's religious faith has no influence on how they see * the cosmos * ? 
  because one is science and the other is religion , you think a person 's mind is really composed of simplistically-defined discrete categories ? 
  if you really think that , idk , it must be weird to be so simple-minded . 
   to form a theory you have to observe , perform experiments and mathematically evaluate the results . 
  and yeah , you have just no idea what you 're talking about . 
  it 's theoretical physics , he devised a mathematical framework -- he did n't `` observe '' the big bang or do an experiment no more then einstein observed time dilation or black holes . 
  eh , i think it 's far less able to do this than christianity since one of the tenets of islam is that the quran is the final , unalterable word of god . 
  that does n't exactly leave much room for expansion . 
   on the backfire comment : i believe that was the meaning behind `` god is dead '' aphorism from nietzsche but i 'm not quite sure yeah it * really * was n't . 
  and unlike most of the little quotes people know form nietzsche , that one * is n't * in aphorism form , it has a context , it 's an incredibly intense passage actually . 
  it 's not about science it 's about the nihilism nietzsche perceived in european culture . 
   surely it was created by the scientist part of the mentioned catholic priest scientist . 
  `` scientist part '' ? 
  what the fuck is that supposed to mean ? 
  this is the most simplistic , dumbed-down denial of the complexity of human beings i have ever seen . 
  genetics is a bourgeoisie conspiracy !, 
   as for rousseau , he was fairly pragmatic about religion , going as far as to advocate the creation a `` religion civile '' to channel the religious behavior and traditions of the masses into something beneficial for everyone exactly , he advocated a religion that * nobody * would want to follow , suggesting he did n't really understand the appeal or the allure of religion , he advocated a church that was synthesised with the state . 
  we can see today that countries with a state church like britain and the scandinavian nations are among the least religious , whereas a country like the united states that was founded on the kind of `` enlightened '' philosophy of rousseau and voltaire and contains explicit separation of church and state in its constitution is in some senses a hotbed of zealotry . 
  rousseau 's idea of the natural state of man and the necessary conditions for legitimate social contract are naive , his idea of being just existing on their own and only submitting to authority for the protection of certain rights , that was all society was to him , * not * some kind of transcendent institution whereby we can recognise each other 's humanity while pursuing our own meagre interests , he did n't think of how individual consciousness might be related to social consciousness like hegel did -- and this thinking is sadly imo * de rigueur * today . 
  as for voltaire , he was just a richard dawkins figure of his day who liked to blame europe 's abundant and perpetual bloody wars on religion , he says as much in his letters to frederick ii , and then you can almost see his shock as he realises * friedrich der grosse * , this oh-so enlightened monarch , the first servant of the prussian state is the kind of warmonger he despises and belongs to christianity in his worldview . 
  wow , what a zinger . 
  good one . 
  you do n't know shit about what i believe , my point was purely negative . 
  i have questioned everything you did n't respond to the question i asked you because i thought you might have had some actual thought-out rationale for anything you said , but you were of course just sputtering some jacobian sentimentality and knew you had nothing of depth or substance . 
  clearly i flattered you in thinking you might have something thoughtful to offer . 
  you do n't because it 's * de rigueur * and has been for a long time and it 's what the politicians we elect want us to believe because it benefits the systems they serve -- and that suggest to me you 're not thinking very deeply about it . 
  it 's a very * easy * thing to believe and does n't require much insight about humanity . 
  what do you see as a `` rational '' basis for power ? 
  if you look at what they 're saying , voltaire and rousseau were really quite naive about human beings and human society . 
  if you distill the essence of the enlightenment thought they represented , it 's this kind of radical individualism individual is complete in itself , and the only legitimate role of society or the state is to make sure the individual is `` free '' , this kind of false freedom where people pursue self-interest and think they are complete beings . 
  you can see the harm in this line of thinking all around us for the past few centuries , imo . 
  you have a very generous definition of what counts as `` translating '' . 
  it 's terence the latin comedian . 
   viking the proper term is `` varangian ''   ready my longboat . 
  you could say you 're ... sailing to byzantium ? 
  also , just , having a right to know in itself ? 
   our country was fascist for 12 years . 
  i know what i 'm talking about . 
  oh , my apologies , why did n't you mention this qualification of yours !? 
  i thought you guys had better education . 
  you said :  the nationality can be replaced by any other . 
  fundamentally fails to understand the concept . 
   the core beliefs of fascism are the same . 
  no , mussolini , hitler , franco , etc. 
  had wildly diverging beliefs . 
   was your country even fascist ? 
  ... ... i do n't think you know how to make sense and just sputter inanities . 
  you seem very content with being ignorant , so i 'll leave you to enjoy it , tsch\u00fcss . 
  you really have no understanding of what you are trying to talk about .
