  if you think that there should n't have been additional referendums , they are the ones you should blame . 
  and finally , i have n't claimed that the eu `` likes '' direct democracy , my point was that no other country does either . 
  you might not have voted for junker , but the majority of people did . 
  you can hardly say that the definition of democracy is that / u/ordinary650 should decide the new leader . 
  but the eu politicians are democratically elected . 
  the point of a representative democracy is for the people to elect politicians which make the decisions for them , which then can be held accountable for their decisions in the next election . 
  what you are calling `` true democracy '' is what others call `` direct democracy '' , which no country in the world implements . 
  therefore , you are basically claiming that no country is `` truly '' democratic . 
  you claim that the eu does n't like `` true democracy '' . 
  first of all , what is `` true '' democracy ? 
  and secondly , why do you think that eu does n't like that type of democracy ? 
  i 'm sorry , but are you arguing with a cypriot about their own history ? 
  hey , i do n't agree with him either , but there is no need to be an asshole because you do n't like his opinion . 
  youtube comments on rt. . . 
  i am surprised that no one of them yet have mentioned that we should burn muslims at the stake . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/w4jw5w5.png ) quote however , is almost as good . 
  random bloggers can spout anything they want without consequences or anything resembling a source . 
  no , really . 
  if the source did n't matter , we could just post blogs with straight up lies that people want to believe . 
  the merit is a lot dependent on the amount of trust the source has . 
  people should know that it is rt or the daily mail before they vote , if they still believe that the source has merit , no one is stopping them from upvoting anyway . 
  you are right !, 
  i 'm just a bit sick of the negative attitude some people have . 
  stop whining , europe is great as it is !, 
  i really hope that you guys know that some of us really appreciate all the hard thankless work you guys put in to this subreddit . 
  it 's a shame that so many people seem to think that moderators are some sort of faceless evil robots . 
  we can let facts get in the way of whining about mods . 
  i never said that , i was simply responding to the person who was claiming that greece would attack it 's neighbors for territory and explained to him why it would be absurd . 
  germany had the largest population in europe at the time ( except for russia ) and one of the largest industrial sectors . 
  greece is one of the smallest countries in europe with a practically non-existant industrial sector . 
  i 'm sorry to disappoint you , but greece does n't have the manpower nor the industrial capacity to go full nazi and conquer foreign territory . 
  people love to whine about mods , they wo n't let reasonable facts stop them . 
  how can any dish that uses bread be considered to come from the country in which it was invented , when wheat originate from mesopotamia ? 
  would n't the daughter be a eu citizen ? 
  would n't that mean that she can live and work in poland anyway ? 
  maybe they will just get a ladder ? 
  or a pair of pliers ? 
  i think that was more the case about 20-15 years ago . 
  it would probably be just as effective . 
  true finns and sweden democrats are far-right parties . 
  ok , let 's take your country as an example then . 
  is snp or labour against immigration , or is it ukip and part of the torries ? 
  yea , those threads tend to be a bit hostile . 
  what people on the left complain about immigrants ? 
  i really appreciate that you assumed that i had a deep meaning with my comment , but i actually just gave the generic / r/swarje-response . 
  that 's just ridiculous . 
  we can always circlejerk about nazi-mods censoring / r/europe . 
  why would we need a reason ? 
  apparently seven of the people whom answered the survey . 
  you got that right . 
  maybe he sees the wallons as french ? 
  just like they obliterated their economy ... 
  it is like my old math-teacher once said , `` a long time ago , greeks used to be smart '' . 
  all 7 residents of greenland agreed on this ? 
  exactly . 
  and fertilizer which increased agricultural output by a large amount . 
  he is not comparing them to `` kashmir , south china sea , kuril islands , etc. '' . 
  he is comparing them to the borders between belgium and france , the netherlands and germany . 
  that 's nice . 
  people who make a habit of calling other people race traitors does n't seem like people i would want to befriend anyway . 
  what ? 
  is it some sort of reference i am missing ? 
  he can use the [ ipoac ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ip_over_avian_carriers ) protocol specified in [ rfc 2549 ] ( https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc2549 ) . 
  yes , and the suggestion to deport or eradicate all muslims in western countries did n't feel holocaustey at all . 
  i really do n't think anyone here is against it apart from one or two idiots , or perhaps a troll . 
  not spanish , but i 'm assuming that you are referring to the basque independence movement [ eta ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eta ) . 
  i am not entirely sure , apart from the anti-immigration rhetoric most people seem to lean more to the left than right . 
  you may actually have a point with them being the only ones talking about it . 
  it could very well be the case that people who is n't against immigration tend to avoid those threads , which creates the illusion of everyone agreeing about that . 
  we have also had issues in the past with vote-brigading from other sites such as certain parts of flashback.org and similar sites , so that may also have played a part in it . 
  there is no need to be rude , i just informed you that you may have accidentally linked to the wrong page . 
  i 'm sorry , but you seem to have accidentally linked to a blog-post instead of a study . 
  if you would be so kind , i would love the actual link . 
  before you read to much in to what we say , you should keep in mind that most of the swedish population on reddit , in general , is extremely anti-immigrant when compared to the rest of the population . 
  so if i were you , i would take what you hear from them with a grain of salt . 
  not that they wo n't have some interesting opinions , but do n't make the mistake of thinking that they represent what all of us think . 
  and french in bretagne . 
  if you do n't care about downvotes , why are you whining about them ? 
  yea , whining about downvotes really helps your case ... 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't really speak german . 
  would you mind explaining the joke ? 
  same here . 
  firefox is just as good as chrome , but open source and without the spying . 
  the difference being ? 
  it just had to be the balkans , did n't it ? 
  personally , i think esperanto is pretty much the definition of this [ xkcd ] ( https://xkcd.com/927/ ), 
  i 'm genuinely curious , what exactly is in the ttip ? 
  so far , the only things i have heard are increased free trade ( which i just ca n't disagree with ) , and emotional arguments . 
  is there some big thing that i have missed amongst all the emotional arguments that has anything to do with decreased democracy ? 
  i 'm not just saying this to make a point , i really want to know . 
  what i was saying , is that we had a functioning and effective ( albeit a bit on the small side ) military during most of the 20th century , but as soon as the sovjet union fell , we got rid of most of it without a second thought . 
  i am just saying that we should have waited a while before dismantling it , considering how difficult it is to rebuild it . 
  yea , it seems as if we all thought that the military would be completely unnecessary as soon as the sovjet union fell , and got rid of it without a second thought . 
  i just wish they had realized this before they dismantled the majority of our military ... 
  `` the italian ration pack contains a breakfast shot of 40 % alcohol cordiale '' , am i the only one who has never heard the term `` breakfast shot '' before ? 
  he actually seems to be serious , check his post history ... 
  awwww, 
  what did the comment say ? 
  why is that ? 
  we have n't really had that much of a problem with things like this yet , but it 's really great that you mods have been thinking ahead .
