if you want , you can have our farmers party ( centerpartiet ) , they stopped being relevant when the number of farmers in sweden dropped to 1.2 % , but i guess they are relatively harmless . 
  yea , it 's a shame that charles de bourgogne died before he could form the third kingdom of burgundy . 
  unlike battlefield , were you actually will shoot people ... 
  you can insult french bravery , smell and language but when it comes to the baguette it goes to far !, 
  you should be able to abort marriage , but only if it 's really gay . 
  at least , that is what i think he meant ... 
  i may have exaggerated slightly . 
  i am concerned , regardless of the nature of sd or what parties that form the government , there will be a lot of instability . 
  this instability may be a good show , but it is terrible for the swedish economy . 
  personally , i think immigration is completely irrelevant in almost all aspects and i could n't care less whether we kick all immigrants out or get the entire middle east up here . 
  the same goes for the economy , it does n't care the slightest about the racist tendencies of a party , however it does care a great deal about huge insecurities regarding the national budget . 
  the only thing i can really hope for is a coalition between the socialists , environmentalists and liberals to make a clear budget , but as it looks now , that seems as unlikely as a coalition between the socialists and conservatives . 
  i love how a lot of countries have got huge mountains , whilst lithuania has a big stone at their highest point . 
  actually , the millers in the nordic countries are people with german last names , as we have never really used occupational last names up here . 
  for instance , even though `` m\u00f6ller '' ( which is just a swedified version of m\u00fcller ) is the most frequent occupational last name , it is still not even in the top 100 on the list of most frequent last names . 
  is there anything in particular i have said that you disagree with ? 
  otherwise , i may just as well say / r/tumblrinaction poster without any actual context and claim that it disqualifies anything you say . 
  did anyone actually read the post ? 
  it 's completely a reasonable request for advice on how to avoid brigading on the subreddit . 
  that was actually pretty good for someone not knowing the language !, 
  i 'm particularly impressed that you managed to pronounce the '' \u00f6 `` s properly . 
  most people from non-nordic countries just pronounce them as `` o '' . 
  i think that he just misspelled wage . 
  oh please , things like this is obviously just an excuse to discriminate against arabs , regardless of their religion . 
  and even if you are right , discrimination is n't any better when it is based on religion . 
  i ca n't see anything but good coming from a military cooperation with poland . 
  we both stand to benefit from a secure baltic sea . 
  and the french are standing in the rear and waving white flags ? 
  do you have a point , or are you just whining about social progress ? 
  this is going to be a tough one for reddit , which one is most hated , muslims or feminists ? 
  i may be wrong , but i was under the impression that norwegians are n't allowed to vote in uk elections ? 
  it 's the low population that makes such skewed results possible . 
  if you take any sufficiently small region and measure their opinions on issues , you are bound to find large irregularities between their opinion and the majority 's opinion in certain areas . 
  are n't you norwegian ? 
  well , a star fort is n't meant to be guarding a village in the center , as the medieval town walls did . 
  it 's meant to be garrisoned by an army , causing an attacking army to be flanked if they bypass the fort . 
  [ relevant xkcd ] ( https://xkcd.com/925/ ), 
  ooh , i know that . 
  i just did n't understand that the first question was about ftpt until / u/draki1903 explained that . 
  i hope you 'll excuse my ignorance , but what does the first and third questions actually mean ? 
  do you have an explanation for dummies like me ? 
  from that comment , i 'm assuming you browse / r/paradoxplaza , 
  economical suicide for catalonia ? 
  catalonia is the richest part of spain !, 
  i do n't want to join , but resistance is futile . 
  did anyone ask them to abolish the schengen area ? 
  why would they want do that anyway ? 
  free movement is one of eu 's four freedoms . 
  denmark , sweden and finland are all members of the eu . 
  norway is only a member of the eea , however , they are also part of the schengen area , which is the open border treaty . 
  the ip address does n't seem to lead anywhere , are you sure that it is the correct one ? 
  there are a couple . 
  one of the first things you need to understand is that genetics do n't have pinpoint accuracy , and the `` gay-gene '' may very well be related to another gene which is evolutionary advantageous , such as for instance an `` fuck-everything-gene '' or something similar . 
  another theory is that since the genes in pre-agriculture human tribes are generally quite shared ( everyone is related to one another ) , a `` gay-gene '' with low frequency may give that particular tribe a competitive advantage against other tribes , as humans that does n't have children may focus a lot of their energy on other things , such as caring for other people 's children or just finding more food . 
  what makes you think that you are shadowbanned ? 
  or better yet , move to voat !, 
  i hear they got all the best racists !, 
  personally , i find it really refreshing to finally not have all the bloody whining about immigration all the time . 
  there are thousands upon thousands of places on the internet where you can whine about immigration , do you really also have to fill this place with it ? 
  do you really need a `` source '' or a `` reason '' to immediately blame all your problems on muslims ? 
  i do n't know the exact meaning , but finnish people say it in the same situation as english people say `` fuck '' . 
   im not racist yes you are . 
  we have the privilege of not being denmark . 
  from your last sentence , i 'm guessing you must have visited j\u00f6nk\u00f6ping ? 
  in sweden , we are technically a protestant christian country ( svenska kyrkan ) and there are some religion in school . 
  however , since the majority of swedes do n't really believe in it , we mostly just see it as a cultural thing among others . 
  i mean , we all love to celebrate christmas and easter , but we also celebrate midsommar ( midsummer ) and light a majbrasa ( bonfire of may ) . 
  i guess you could say that we like celebrations , but we do n't really believe in the causes for them anymore . 
  act natural and do n't say anything !, 
  what downvotes ? 
  regarding your edit , [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gclasuc.png ) is a picture were you say that the world would have been better if hitler had killed the jews . 
  it has just as much evidence as your picture . 
  i created it in less than 5 minutes btw . 
  chechnya is in russia , so it must have been russian police . 
  i 'm guessing that it is posts with a large number of both up and downvotes . 
  just the fall of the sovjet union and the unification of east and west germany . 
  i guess it did n't affect you romanians that much ... 
  yea , you are right . 
  we should just remove all age-limits on alcohol , because some kids can still get it . 
  hitler was n't elected , he received about 30 % of the vote , and then seized power . 
  it 's quite interesting that the left-wingers beleive that the eu is to right-wing , whilst at the same time , the right-wingers beleive that the eu is to left-wing . 
  seems like quite a good balance to me . 
  i 'm sorry , but greece is a democracy , and throughout the years they have kept electing populistic governments with impossible promises . 
  that is the reason for their situation , and if it is n't the greeks who did it , who was it ? 
  this is actually quite weird , in sweden , the ikea furniture just have regular swedish names . 
  however , in usa they just have gibberish-names that may sound swedish to americans , but feels quite ridiculous to us . 
  yea , most swedes describe danish as `` trying to talk swedish with a potato in your mouth '' . 
  that 's pretty much how i feel with danish and norwegian . 
  you recognize words here and there , but you just ca n't figure out what they actually mean . 
  i really understand what you mean . 
  i might not agree with you on every single point , but i absolutely despise the rude personal attacks that always seems to creep up during these types of situations . 
  whilst i may not agree with greece 's economic policies , i certainly wish all the best for the people of greece . 
  but it is n't there , at least not in the same meaning as you used it . 
  the only instances of the word `` dom '' that is included is when you are referring to a church roof or a judgement . 
  whilst i can see your point , i fail to understand why this would make eu less democratic than other representative democracies ? 
  the same could be said of any other politicians in the world . 
  first of all , you are the one who claimed that juncker was n't democratically elected with the phrase `` yeah , i remember voting for juncker . 
  his smirking face on the ballot as i ticked the box beside his name . 
  oh wait ... '' , so i was simply responding to that . 
  secondly , the lisbon referendums was n't carried out by the eu , they were carried out by the respective countries national governments .
