who do you think voted for the nazis in 1933 ? 
  santa claus ? 
  he 's a normal politician , lies and deception . 
  but some people act like he 's the messiah and follow him blindly . 
  i hope britain realises how much of a prick this guy is soon . 
  nice terrorist apologism . 
  arms companies sell arms . 
  more at ten . 
  no thanks . 
  edgy, 
  french soldiers were shown as the rearguard at the start of the film and one french boy drowns very graphically on screen . 
  no , you 're laughing at a toff magazine . 
  i was genuinely curious . 
  sorry to have rustled your jimmies . 
   empire are you being facetious or are just a fucking idiot ? 
  i do n't think the people in this thread should start a circlejerk over fucking ` county shire magazine ? 
  thats a bit rich . 
  username checks out, 
  education = / = intelligence, 
  i 'm not even going to click on that shit . 
  whatever you say guardian . 
  how about no ? 
  that train left the station in march . 
  no one cares , i was being facetious . 
  well the celtic fans flew them against an israeli side . 
  i personally do n't see hat as fine worthy but uefa probably wants to stay out of political issues . 
  well the celtic fans flew them against an israeli side . 
  i personally do n't see hat as fine worthy but uefa probably wants to stay out of political issues . 
  well it 's the 73rd anniversary of the uprising . 
  this is n't a politically controversial subject like palestine so they wo n't get a fine . 
  they would do the same in the baltics if they got the chance , ukraine is a warning to the rest of europe . 
  russia has definitely not stopped in eastern ukraine and you are delusional if you believe that . 
  do i look like i 'm in the fsb ? 
  i do n't know what they have to gain but they 're doing it in eastern ukraine . 
  russia will never go to war outright . 
  it will install puppet rebel leaders if it gets the chance . 
  only strong american support along the russian and belarusian borders can stop that from happening . 
  if my aunt had balls she 'd be my uncle . 
  eu : we must retaliate against the us !, 
  also eu : ( depends almost entirely on the us for defence against russia ), 
  if there 's a legal basis they 're more than entitled to try it , but they 're probably standing on shaky legal ground . 
  i think the video wanted to focus on the major powers , its a shame that the winter war was n't expanded upon . 
  canada is included in the british empire and dominions total . 
  it does seem a little forced . 
  it 's a commeration , not a time for agenda pushing . 
  i do n't think you understand the dunkirk spirit , it ha stuck all to d with brexit . 
  you are 100 % right , more needs to be done to deter russia . 
  i do n't think it is the same as chamberlains appeasement however as war with russia is almost impossible . 
  war in the 1930s was inevitable and chamberlain simply brushed the corpse of czech freedom under the carpet hoping it would disappear . 
  tldr : i fundamentally dislike britain and will hide it poorly throughout this article . 
  no , allowing a country to take land as it pleases with no reaction is appeasement . 
  britain and france let hitler take the sudetenland and bohemia-moravia with virtually no response . 
  the us is taking action against russia for its imperialistic actions . 
  it will be a shame if nordstream 2 gets shelved , but the russian government deserves the sanctions . 
  they 've basically invaded eastern ukraine and appeasement is n't an option . 
  it is nato and the eu 's responsibility to protect the baltic states and ukraine , sanctions are the best way of achieving this . 
  we came close to conflict over [ africa in the late 1800s ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fashoda_incident ) . 
  we truly became allies with the signing of the [ entente cordiale ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/entente_cordiale ) in 1904 . 
  or maybe the last 100 years are the most relevant . 
  no need to be such a twat . 
  france and britain have fought together in almost every conflict over the last century . 
  world war i , world war ii , suez , libya , syria , etc. 
  they should be taken back to libya . 
  taking in tens of thousands of migrants is not sustainable for italy or europe . 
  only genuine refugees should be allowed into europe , not afghan and west african migrants . 
  text ? 
  france is our closest historical ally and our operations are usually very similar , of course that is more important than the eu army pipe dream . 
  you are a revisionist idiot . 
  it 's a fact . 
  allied and japanese soldiers were saved by the prevention of operation downfall . 
  the japanese army would not have contemplated surrender without use of the bombs . 
  even with the bombings they attempted to mount a coup . 
  japan was not close to surrender . 
  they were fanatical . 
  millions of people were saved by the bombs . 
  `` they have sown the wind , and they will reap the whirlwind '', 
  because it 's not in the british archipelago . 
  name one war the eu has prevented . 
  peace on the continent was down to the united states and nato . 
  the eu has done very little to establish peace . 
  the threat of nuclear oblivion was the only thing that stopped europe and the world being dragged into the third and final world war . 
  also german tanks have never ` crushed ' anything in britain . 
  you just told me to think about ` tanks crushing my home ' what is that supposed to mean , or are you just some bad troll ? 
  i 'm not quite sure what you 're trying to say . 
  what ? 
  that sounds incredibly imperialistic . 
  this might be the worst thing i have ever watched . 
  well , geographically it is a european island . 
  i fail to see your point . 
  italy is hardly china . 
  but what does ja rule think ? 
  i understand how dup types would see it that way . 
  but i do n't think there 's anything wrong with using the term in a non political context . 
   british isles i do n't know why this is political . 
  the isles are named after great britain as great britain is by far the largest of the islands . 
  i 'm pretty sure mad and nato were the major factors in bringing peace to europe . 
  where did i say i was a brexiteer you silly nationalist . 
  inevitable ^ tm, 
  you have a boner over it . 
  maybe do some research before spouting your nonsense .
