  wild nature can be very inspiring , and i think that 's what you are looking for . 
  that 's the coolest family tradition i 've ever heard of ... :3 i 'm disappointed that you do n't want to visit `` our '' part of europe . 
  although i kinda understand , we also have many interesting places to see ( prague , vilnius and zamo\u015b\u0107 being the first that come to my mind ) and you may regret ignoring them some day . 
  it 's really hard to see whole europe without spending all your money . 
   good luck !, 
  oh , and when you are back home , post some photos here , please . 
  i guess many europhiles would like to know what an american tourist enjoys here , and what place he likes the most . 
  same here . 
  do the pastafarians really believe in a flying spaghetti monster , or is it a joke ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  we do n't use electricity , we are saving money , lol :d, 
  it actually kinda scared me ... 
  being able to speak polish is an advantage to some degree . 
  we use many phones , and our language is quite difficult , so it 's easier for us to learn other languages . 
  you ca n't really use it as a tool somewhere beyond the borders , though . 
  of course there are exceptions - our diaspora is pretty big , so if you are lucky , it can be used as a tool :d, 
  result : ireland . 
  hahaha :d, 
  somebody forgot that thanks to `` mohery '' ( catholic grannies wearing mohair berets ) god and our queen will defend us . 
  is that a challenge ? 
  this is just stupid . 
  what kind of aliens would want to attack europe , if they could attack united states instead ? 
  yes , german . 
  many people learn spanish or french , though . 
  i love their language . 
  it 's really unique and interesting . 
  well , we do n't have any `` identity/immigration/islam '' problems here , but i expect that we will . 
  i 'm really curious what will happen to belarus and ukraine . 
  russia will be really annoying topic . 
  no freedom of speech , controlled medias . 
  people will be curious and will usually pay for this curiosity . 
  maybe more people will move to us from outside the eastern borders . 
  honestly ? 
  i welcome all people that feel european ( or feel that their culture is european 's culture heir ) , but i 'm afraid of asians in general . 
  i 'm sure the union will be different . 
  i do n't know how it will look , but it wo n't be the same union . 
  we love you , too !, 
  i live just by 4 of them ... o.o / bytom /, 
  depends how centralized it would be . 
  we may need you there , then . 
  because , you know ... 
  that would be considered a political decision in ukraine 's case , let 's be honest . 
  well not soon . 
  and most likely not * whole * russia . 
  i guess communism . 
  well , i 'm not suprised , the hate on komorowski has been strong for some time . 
  but i expected korwin and og\u00f3rek to have part of kukiz 's votes . 
  they actually still could 've succeeded ... until he grabbed vilnius . 
  if we do n't freeze our language ( at least grammar , and i realize it 's impossible to freeze it * completely * ) we 'll need to translate mickiewicz and company into modern polish . 
  or replace them with something new ... we wo n't understand most of our great authors and will need to translate foreign great authors once more . 
   if enough people speak incorrectly - it becomes correct . 
  which does n't mean it 's good for language . 
  it can be misleading or illogical ... 
   grammar , syntax , ortograph mostly in primary school , sadly . 
   it 's not like people wonder `` now , should i use accusativ ? '', 
  when speaking in real life . 
  it just comes naturaly . 
  and that 's a pity . 
  poles make a lot of language errors , really . 
   nowadays matura is different and i do n't really know how it looks like - kids have to prepare a speech and deliver it iirc , and there 's still a test also . 
  there 's still a test , yes . 
  it consists of two parts : reading + theory and writing . 
  speaking part is now a bit different , as you could just buy speeches on allegro or somewhere and memorize them . 
  now it looks a lot like speaking part of foreign language maturas or fce exam , it 's just harder and longer - you pick a random set of questions ( they may be related to an attached text , picture , painting , etc. 
  ) , you are given 15 minutes to prepare a 10-minute speech , you present your speech , and then they ask you some questions related to your speech or the attachment itself . 
  that would be a dick move . 
  come on , there 's * nothing * there . 
  just trees . 
  i 'm still waiting for some kind of poll that would show how much support they 've lost from casual poles , as many people mention this controversial act . 
  i can not support this with any article ( maybe beacuse there 's no such article , maybe because reddit was my only source of news for some time ) , but i have a feeling that the main opposition party , pis , is also rethinking their full support for ukraine . 
  separated kingdom of scotland , gibraltar and london , lol . 
  and not by poles, 
   ue - eu that 's why we do n't laugh at french . 
  why 's that ? 
  i mean , there 's nothing wrong with switzerland . 
  hail bandera , or how to lose polish support . 
  honestly , i hope it 's just a sputnik sputnik news . 
  til , it 's quite funny i did n't know ... * polska chrystusem narod\u00f3w * , remember children , * polska chrystusem narod\u00f3w * . 
  but his future actions became clear very soon . 
  it 's not a true back stab if you expect it , is it ? 
  wait , was n't it like the other way round the last time ? 
  you can filter russia , ukraine , nato , 
  ~ ~ or russia and ukraine ? ~ ~ / bait, 
  [ yes , i had to ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utnixugm2va ), 
  well , it is . 
  but in colloquial language it is used as a pejorative equivalent of russian . 
  the problem is people view wwii as a two-sided conflict , which it clearly was n't . 
  country we now call russia was a side all alone , just having a common purpose with nazis in 1939 and then with enemies of nazi germany in 1941 ... 
  take that , america !, 
  that would n't be poland . 
  i doubt swedes would want anything more than a personal union , to be honest . 
  russians ( or : ruthenians ) on the other hand ... 
  but there were many opportunities like this . 
  poles are a bunch of bad luck brians . 
  if the commonwealth ended up at least a bit better , we 'd have a kind of `` original european union '' . 
  i think petro poroshenko called joining the eu an opportunity to correct geopolitical mistakes of ukraine , but i ca n't find the source . 
  if you 're interested , google treaty of hadiach or just polish-lithuanian-ruthenian commonwealth . 
  i 'd link something myself , but i 'm on mobile again , sorry . 
  you must be from warsaw . 
  he had an opportunity to rule sweden , commonwealth and russia .
