  1 ) anyone who self-identifies as european 2 ) anyone who recognizes greek philosophy , roman law and christian ethics , as cultural roots of his identity , and enlightenment-rooted liberalism as foundation of their social-political outlook . 
  3 ) yes , i think you can be european with any skin color or ethnicity . 
  african , arab , or asian roots included . 
  the only condition for being european is , i think , self identification with philosophical , ethical and cultural continuity . 
  finally someone talking sense !, 
   downvote-spanking that i love so much tmi ... 
  rent a car a do a road trip south to swiss alps , french riviera , renaissance italy , vienna . 
  if you have chance , extend the trip to eastern european cities : prague , cracow , budapest . 
  dont forget to invest in eastern poland !, 
  not really , have n't missed that . 
   every landscape with churches around , ** even if they are turned to night clubs ** i 'm an atheist btw . 
  you like to jump to conclusions , lad . 
  good point but false  copernicus spoke german at home , but in those time all upper class did . 
  he spoke german , polish , latin ; you can find his notes in polish , even jokes in museum manuscripts . 
  he authored monetary reform in kingdom of poland , was subject to king of poland and defended torun against teutonic knights . 
  disclaimer : just clarifying , not playing ping pong with trolls  i do n't care how many poles contributed to european heritage , im not tribal enough for that . 
  just wanted to make a point about what west is in my view . 
  look again , 
  no debate here , 
  / me secretly kidnaps awpl from lithuania and places them on remote island, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-9x5adywxeo , 
  everyone who learns about virgil , aristotle , chaucer , molier , shakespeare , copernicus , bach and beethoven in school as part of their cultural heritage , every country that has law derived from romans and philosophy derived from greeks , and every landscape with churches around , even if they are turned to night clubs - constitute `` the west '' in my book . 
  v4 finally doing something together ... oh well , pity does n't work so well when we discuss ukraine and energy -_-, 
  google translate : she stands by a mirror and dishes on the hair . 
  the mirror image hides most of the bosom . 
  a white cloth covers most of the posterior . 
  but it still looks too much in facebook 's eyes . 
  the website said no thanks to an ad with `` woman in front of a mirror '' , and thus censored a highlight of danish golden age . 
  the copenhagen book 's tourist organization specializing in nonresident aliens . 
  hirschsprung collection is located behind the national museum of art and is home to some of the masterpieces of danish art from the 19th century . 
  since the organization would advertise the meeting , they used cw eckersberg 's famous `` woman in front of a mirror '' from 1841 as an eye catcher . 
  we asked facebook promote the call for a small amount of ad - `` and it could not we be allowed , '' said the copenhagen book . 
  the organization got an email with the site guidelines : `` we do not allow pictures or videos that suggest nudity through example . 
  blurring or cropping . 
  such ads are delicate and elicit negative reactions from viewers . '', 
  the key for facebook has thus been belligerently plus all the invisible . 
  for if the mirror had been bigger or cloth more loosely , the woman would surprisingly have been naked . 
  lise harbeck from hirschsprung story takes the funny side , but can understand the rationale behind facebook 's decision . 
  `` it is clearly a painting with understated eroticism , '' she says . 
  `` eckersberg player in the sheeting . 
  he lurks in a sense to her - almost as through a keyhole . 
  although he has painted her very well , he has also made her very mundane . '', 
  both berlingske and the copenhagen books has sought contact with facebook for further comment , but without success . 
  kurdish militant group . 
  welcome to the internet . 
  we have something called wiki here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kurdistan_workers'_party, 
  my link was in reference to this line you wrote :  as for the guy they interrupted , nader abu anas , a quick search on yt will show half a dozen lectures he gave about women rights in islam , marriage , love in a couple , solving issues in your marriage etc. 
  this can not be accepted , conjugal rape is a legal category , you can not just dump it with `` islamic framework for family '' , because in france this is breaking the law . 
  he speaks of husband losing sexual control in such a way , that it implies that marital rape is ok . 
  this line , and others by him triggered an online petition against this kind of conference taking place . 
  i 'm not a muslim and i 'm no expert , but it does n't take much effort to realize that acceptance of more-or-less moderate violence against a wife does exist within theological narration in some at least sources . 
  here 's the [ example ] ( http://islamqa.info/en/41199 ) : * the hadeeth may be understood as meaning that a man has the right to hit his wife , in a manner that is not harsh and does not cause injury if if there is a reason for that , such as her going against his wishes or disobeying him . 
  * i realize that frequent interpretation of that is that the beating is symbolic , but the thing is ... this is europe , all constitutions provide for equality of all humans , regardless of sex . 
  this is particularly disgusting that domestic violence happens even with wife beating/marital rape being illegal . 
  and here we are facing religious narratives that unacceptably close to accepting violence against women . 
  hey irish !, 
  cheers !, 
   how stupid can you be to think parading half naked will make men ( or anyone ) take you seriously ? 
  what makes you think their goal is to be taken seriously ? 
  i for that matter would n't care if i 'm taken seriously by a bunch of misogynistic thugs like those . 
  it 's those thugs that need to be taken seriously , femen just disrupted their narrative and got public attention to the horrific event . 
  `` worm feelings '' i must start using that , 
  maybe he meant the terror-inducing amounts of pork , 
   wait , waht ? 
  cheers bro !, 
   so ukraine is polish ? 
  much of today 's ukraine was part of polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  in some moments of history , the word `` occupation '' would be appropriate , as the uprisings of ukrainian military class , the cossacks , were brutally crushed and their attempts to join the commonwealth 's nobility were pretty much ignored . 
  it 's hard to interpret this history without the overlay of 19 century nationalistic perspectives . 
  the courageous cossacks are considered mythical `` brave warriors '' in ukrainian national historical narrative , as much as the hussars are the mythical `` glorious knights '' in the polish one . 
  today however most poles would be glad to see a strong , independent ukraine as our modern histories resonate strongly with themes of liberation from the big bear in the east  , which generates big empathy on polish side . 
  treat this `` 95 % '' as rhetorical figure . 
  the fact is that awpl/tomaszewski have acted as russian proxy for many years . 
  are you in favor of ttip ? 
  it feels you are close to my views ( see below ) , i like the expression `` green-libertarian '' . 
  left/right division is such a big oversimplification that it 's virtually meaningless . 
  take me for example : i 'm generally pro-free market , but not in favor of big business . 
  i also support harsh environmental laws . 
  am i left or right ? 
  i support sexual minorities rights and generally i 'm anti-religion , that 's left wing , right ? 
  but then i pretty much despise political correctness . 
  is n't that part right wing ? 
  also , i protest being called `` centre '' - i 'm not !, 
  i 'm pretty intense in my beliefs . 
  free speech - is it right wing or left wing thing ? 
  how about privacy laws , strong anti-surveillance view and general internet ideology . 
  are those left ? 
  right ? 
  if i had to make up a term for my views , i would call myself a `` demoralized libertarian '' , in the sense that , while having a libertarian sensitivity , i also consider it somewhat delusional and juvenile . 
  i realize that a moderate welfare state is something to stay , but then i wish , for example , that it was funded from vat , and income tax was abolished . 
   and f !, 
  is probably the brightest hope there . 
  we might disagree here . 
  and i ca n't wait times where such disagreements could be discussed calmly over a glass of mariestads . 
  honestly , i will be happy when i see debate between s , m ( and fi , why not  ) where they openly debate that patriarchal and anti-women ( which were strong in europe not so many decades ago ) cultural patterns of many immigrant cultures . 
  but that wo n't happen until those parties feel sd threat more visibly . 
  what will not be discussed , is how some cultures may contribute to violence , how social cohesion is affected etc. 
  and do n't get me wrong , i 'm generally a post-nationalist supporter of free movement of peoples . 
  i 'm just stunned sometimes how collective swedish psyche appears to harbor obvious taboos and tribalisms . 
  meta comment : im watching my post going 2 points up , 1 point down , then 1 up , 2 down etc etc. . .
