what ? 
  how ? 
  i have an uneasy feeling that the children were the main audience target . 
  poland is interested in being civilizational alternative to russia for former soviet-influenced states . 
  and not only for ukraine , belorussia etc but also , say , for georgia . 
  seeing those states as free , independent , and democratic participants of international community realizes polish raison d'etat - greater safety from geopolitical threat from russia , as well as trade and cooperation . 
  i agree . 
  with the president , i only hope it will not be juncker ... 
  i 'd like someone like christine lagarde , but no chance there . 
  schulz would be also not a fantastic choice . 
  if eup elects juncker , it means they did n't understand the message of this election . 
  we need a pragmatist , a `` merkel '' that would drive economy - only that can stop the march of far right . 
  yeah , wrote that 5 am ... 
  yes , poland is really terrible . 
  sponsoring terrorists , running a disinformation war etc. . . 
  they even took crimea and basically stolen a big piece of neighbouring country 's military equipment ... 
  it must be due to their tsarist past ... 
  you get excited over `` manhood '' of putin and you call us gay ? 
  bigotry does n't dissappear when you remove bigotted comments . 
  usually quite the opposite . 
  it 's worth noting here that mariam is not a conservative . 
  yep !, 
  it 's quite perplexing how this amuses you , but i guess to each their own . 
  i never said i 'm a supporter of mass immigration either , but seems like this is irrelevant , it 's enough that i broke out of circlejerk . 
  simply , this specific presentation is low quality to me , that 's it . 
   that actually is the moral justification : they 're so poor !, 
  that 's not the same as assuming that someone says `` immigration is meant to solve the problem of poverty globally '' and debunk this saying `` you will never solve global poverty , look how many gumballs i have ! '' . 
  nobody says the former , it 's a straw man . 
  again we would need citation for that . 
  i know people from various countries are forcing their way to europe . 
  does n't mean they will all receive refugee status . 
  law regulates this . 
  this presentation is truly manipulatory . 
  he makes a number of straw man arguments ( based on premises that were invented by himself for the sake of debunking them ) , like for example the purpose of immigration is to help `` everyone '' or people who migrate are always most entrepreneurial . 
  nobody claims that the purpose of accepting refugees or even general migrants is to remove world poverty . 
  yet , he gloriously debunks such claim . 
  and a claim that most active members of poor society migrate is simply made up . 
  additionally , the organization co-founded by this guy , numbers usa , is a lobby organization existing solely for the purpose of limiting immigration . 
  it 's cheap populism just before elections . 
  his party is bound to win in the autumn elections , so he 's just `` heating up the furnace '' ( making up idioms on the go , lol ) . 
  especially eastern poland, 
  defo , still remember that steak in hvar in ljuviji tavern . 
  this poll reflects dumb view `` romanian = gypsy '' . 
  it does n't make it any better , but let me just say that romania is awesome . 
  been there , wan na go there again . 
  intermarum alliance ? 
  one more note : in sweden , both mainstream politicians ( with their saying that ramadan is a swedish tradition ) and sd ( with their somewhat shy `` whiteness '' undertones ) got it wrong . 
  immigration is good , but effects can be disastrous when instead of making our values of individual rights and liberties explicit , we are diffusing them into some sort of ideology of niceness , as it happens in sverige . 
  just short answers , because very soon i 'm going away for weekend :  this is what you do n't get , and which is probably informed by you living in poland . 
  you do n't have contacts with non-europeans on a daily basis . 
  it 's a lot easier for me to immigrate to another european country and assimilate , because the cultural distance is so small . 
  i live in malm\u00f6 , work in copenhagen , my boss is indian and a couple of my colleagues are chinese . 
  worry not , i 'm not as isolated as you might think   so while i agree with you that there is a sociological/cultural component in identity , it 's also intertwined with ethnicity/race . 
   culture and ethnicity matters , neither can be separated from the other . 
  i did n't get the point about chinese , actually . 
  do you mean to say they are monoethnic ? 
  they are not , but even if they were , i do n't see how it would be a point in your argument ( that culture and ethnicity are intertwined ) . 
  it 's obviously possible to have culture separated from ethnicity , america is an obvious example . 
   the bottom line is that you grossly misunderstand the reasons why 99 % of people immigrate and underestimate how hard it is for 2nd generation children to integrate . 
  until now i did n't even know we are talking about immigration . 
  but now i know  i 'm not saying people who migrate to europe automatically become culturally europeans . 
  i also do n't think it 's necessary . 
  your statements reflect sweden 's failure to integrate immigrants . 
  it 's hard for 2nd generation of immigrants to integrate ... in sweden . 
  not so much in canada or usa . 
  in canada for example , you have to learn a language , learn about canadian society values , freedoms etc. 
  then you pass a citizen test and pledge allegiance to canadian flag . 
  in sweden i can get [ citizenship ] ( http://www.migrationsverket.se/english/private-individuals/becoming-a-swedish-citizen/citizenship-for-adults.html ) after 3 years of living with my sambo , without even proving i can say * prosit * when she sneezes . 
  that 's wrong approach , obviously . 
   you 're overestimating our general attractiveness culturally speaking . 
  just because someone wants to live in a rich country does n't mean that they want to be part of that culture . 
  well , i never wrote it 's attractive ( generally , you should work on not attributing to people things they did n't say  ) . 
  i think it should be a condition . 
  joining european society should be contractual , like it is in usa and canada . 
  you want to live here ? 
  work with us to make this part of world a little bit better every day ? 
  that 's cool . 
  here 's the rulebook we play by here . 
  you might want to have a look ngos fighting for online privacy and net neutrality . 
  they can be your links to european legislature : https://savetheinternet.eu/ https://edri.org/ https://blog.ffii.org/, 
  let 's form polish-lithuanian-ukrainian-belorussian-romanian-hungarian-czech-slovak commonwealth with hussar-cossack army  we 'll eat goulash and pierogis , and have \u0160akotis for dessert !, 
  i do n't think ethnic component is relevant at all . 
  why would it matter ? 
  let 's have a thought experiment : it 's 2300 , europe , and while 15 % of population uploaded their consciousness to google  the rest , in effect of some inexplicable fashion , decides to rewrite their offspring dna , so its no longer possible to call them caucasian . 
  let 's add a blue skin and manga eyes for the effect  yet , those kids still go to school , read chaucer and moliere , and even get why monty python was funny back in the day . 
  are they still european ? 
  to me they are , and to me that 's obvious . 
  europe is a social fabric , a language of sorts that allows us to have a conversation with each other and with the past of this part of the world . 
  you write about being an indian kid here . 
  so reverse it : say you want to indianize yourself . 
  you travel to delhi in your hippie clothes , swap k\u00f6ttbullar to palak paneer , study upanishads and vedas , and play sitar in your free time . 
  i think after many years ( a decade ? 
  two ? ), 
  you might effectively become indian . 
  the alternative is to simply move there , and likely your grandchildren could become indian via cultural infusion . 
  many law historians would argue that common law was also crucially influenced by roman law , in concepts , terminology ( often latin ) , legal principles . 
  more here , in essey by judge e.d.re ( real name , lol ) http://ir.lawnet.fordham.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1673&amp;context=flr, 
  in general imperial/napoleonic foundations . 
  proudly , first written constitution in europe ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitution_of_may_3,_1791 ) , established as a last breath of a dying commonwealth . 
  in my own university years , law students dedicated entire first year of education to roman law , perhaps one of the reasons why i find it such a civilizational cornerstone .
