what you are trying to say , is not at all clear . 
  that the germans and french secretly hate each other ? 
  that this is result of pro-peace propaganda ??? 
  you could literally be saying 10 different things . 
  propaganda does n't mean , `` bad things . '', 
  oh no , somebody is concerned about all the things blowing up on the news and might have had a human reaction . 
  we 'd better stamp that out . 
  i 've never seen someone get shot in person , and i live in the south . 
  real war zone we have going here !, 
  lol . 
  at least they can half way justify the whistleblowers . 
  they may change their minds when they find out that the british will lock you up for saying the wrong thing too now . 
  i was too busy trying to imagine it not being on him . 
  except that most of the other stuff was just used to hide the real reasons . 
  they did n't even really try to hide that that 's what they were doing either . 
  not very hard anyways . 
  maybe so , but that does n't extend to a person to person level with me . 
  everyone is an individual . 
  even in nations that discourage individualism . 
  i 'm sure i 'd get along great with some north koreans out there . 
  the fact that you think us uniquely capable of exceptionalism says a lot . 
  you then justify it with broad inaccurate assumptions about the us populace . 
  it 's almost like we 're millions of different people ... 
  i 've heard plenty of the same sort of thing from europeans . 
  i do n't hold against them all though . 
  it 's seems to me that many europeans have a need to look down on others . 
  because i hear this sort of thing a lot . 
  do n't assume every idiot on the internet is american . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  yeah , but that in and of itself is a huge benefit . 
  it puts germany as default leader in more than just this . 
  i do n't think any other country is better equipped to handle that either . 
  yes , but this would n't be flying without a slow degradation . 
  do n't worry , trump will keep the main spotlight on himself all by himself . 
  denmark/sweden/norway all seem pretty similar to me . 
  i think you 've taken a sports rivalry or something too far . 
  this reminds me of people raging against `` sjws '' or something . 
  yeah , but anything serious will be federally covered . 
  usually . 
  it 's okay . 
  we 're all idiot stomachs on legs with overly high opinions of ourselves . 
  just like all of the others in recent history . 
  i do n't think anyone could stop this . 
  it 's a cycle . 
  you have no idea how hard some people worked to make it any other way . 
  a german did a sarcastic funny and you did n't get it . 
  you realize what this means right ? 
  the germans are funnier than you . 
  ) : my condolences . 
  every state is a blue state , when you 're in a decent sized city or a college town . 
  uh huh . 
  look how smart you are . 
  you were talking about immigrant muslims . 
  you 're full of shit and flimsy justifications . 
  i just do n't see modern western european nations ever doing that again . 
  a new world war would be even more devastating than the other 2 . 
  compared to the rest of the world , they seem to have a pretty unromantic view of war . 
  i think us and russia are far more likely candidates to start a new world war . 
  i do n't think china wants to upset status quo . 
  they 'd likely be on the losing end of any new global war . 
  europe looks like their best chance right now . 
  so the stronger they are , the better . 
  that 's just my general impression though . 
  i have nothing to back it up . 
  the world is built on assumptions . 
  some more fair than others . 
  trump would agree . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  valleyshrew does n't realize it , but it 's because he only really thinks of white people as people . 
  he does n't think other races can handle the same rules . 
  with that mentality , i bet he would be a trump supporter if he were american . 
  he obviously does n't care about what the truth of the situation may be . 
  i 'm sure that 'll totally make them stop . 
  i 'm sure this will not cause a further escalation ... lol, 
  oops i just deleted it . 
  no not at all . 
  i just meant that if i thought of it , then i 'm sure the high commands of europe have too . 
  i said , `` it 's a pretty obvious one i guess . '', 
  now that you say that , i 'm thinking it might be wise to let the smaller countries specialize in something to make the most of their contribution . 
  after all , they do n't have to stand on their own anymore . 
  i know a lot of people here who trust bbc over just about everything else . 
  they 're pretty honest when it comes to us . 
  i think all the major news outlets ( e : and the smaller ones ) have their agendas . 
  just differing tolerances for pushing them with a straight face . 
  there 's worse things they could blow money on from a general european perspective . 
  if you are russian , then why are n't you upset that a 10 year old reciting hamlet is considered a beggar ? 
  even if it was justifiable under your laws , it still does n't make it right . 
  yeah , but that makes more sense here . 
  there are entire cities with almost nobody but black people . 
  i agree to an extent . 
  we may have started the fire , but you guys made it an uncontrollable inferno . 
  also you have to remember that we are not a nation with any true natives other than the native americans . 
  and they are very few . 
  i do n't think what works for us will work for britain . 
  i think modern times are evidence of that . 
  not at all . 
  we are going the other direction in case you have n't been watching . 
  i 'm not trying to make this a pissing contest . 
  all the more reason europe should increase defense spending . 
  there is no angle where europe is better off , in the long term , with it 's current level of spending .
