  is your copy codex release ? 
  british women talk . 
  i can listen to daisy ridley or lily allen for hours and i do n't even care about what they say . 
  hi dude , i just wanted to give you an update . 
  so , i was thinking about rma'ing the card . 
  but before doing so i wanted to check if something was wrong with the backplate/heatsinks/pcb . 
  and it turns out it was !, 
  you see the [ memory heatsink ] ( http://i1225.photobucket.com/albums/ee395/techdyanmic/20141017_105149_zps51a2015a.jpg ) around the gpu ? 
  turns out , it was slightly bent and was n't making full contact with memory modules , causing a overheat . 
  in order to fix that , i removed the heatsink and bent it back so it makes full contact !, 
  now , i do n't need to prop up the gpu in order to keep the temps down . 
  in fact , it is much more cooler than when it was propped up !, 
  thank you for giving a heads up about an issue i forgot . 
  i was able to fix it thanks to you !, 
  she only does this when i sit in this particular place and look at her . 
  when she sees me she comes and starts doing this . 
  otherwise she shows no signs of any disease/sickness that i know of etc. 
  thanks for the replies !, 
  i think we have a consensus and it is that she is begging for food . 
  i feed her every other day with tetra reptomin pellets , around as much as her head can have in volume . 
  i occasionally give her some vegetation like lettuce ( although she does n't eat much ) , apples , bananas . 
  so , i do n't really think she is underfed . 
  it would n't surprise me to find out she is really greedy though . 
  for mine it was around when she was 3-4 years old . 
  but i am not sure about it . 
  when it comes to her behaviour , she may have no desire for food and she may spend too much time in the basking area ( more so than normal ) . 
  also she will probably try to escape any tank etc. 
  she is in and will explore like crazy if she is set free in-house . 
  you will see her trying to dig everywhere . 
  i am using link with a 5 ghz wifi connection and i have no noticable lag or whatsoever . 
  however i must note that my pc is directly connected to the router with an ethernet cable . 
  it 's just that steam link is in wireless mode , around 4-5 meters away from the router . 
  i never tried kb + m but i can try it for you tomorrow if you wish . 
  also , link broadcasts anything on the screen , so it works flawlessly with non-steam games . 
   you can perfectly hear where the enemy is, 
  forgot the / s, 
  sound effects in the game is really great . 
  no arguing with that . 
  however i feel like `` positional audio '' can be improved . 
  it 's not always easy to tell whether the enemy is on your right or left . 
  for example check cs : go . 
  to me , it has almost perfect positional audio . 
  did they remove the browser ? 
  iirc there was also the browser , on which you can open youtube . 
  do n't take my word for it . 
  the last android version i used on an lg phone was 4.4 kitkat . 
  they probably removed the browser qslide app as well as the browser itself with lollipop or marshmallow . 
  it 's been a while since i switched to 144hz , and for the first time since , i used a 60hz monitor yesterday ... 
  wow . 
  it feels like 30 fps . 
  it was so unbearable i constantly had to check fps to see if something was wrong with it . 
  never ever going back to 60hz . 
  i think it is just there to state that you need a seperate wireless receiver for the xbox 360 controller to work wirelessly . 
  i may be wrong , though . 
  should be 34440, 
  oh , you think the \u00e7i\u011fk\u00f6fte is your ally , you merely adopted the \u00e7i\u011fk\u00f6fte . 
  i was born in it , molded by it . 
  ca n't say i care . 
  but releasing new characters and skins also mean changes in the core mechanics of the game so it also requires programmers . 
  new characters and skins . 
  well put . 
  it makes me angry to see people try to push the cbm genre to be all shits and giggles with action . 
  yes , it can work with spiderman . 
  it can work with iron man . 
  but i just ca n't understand how star lord dancing in front of a man who has the power to destroy a planet with like one touch is fun . 
  that is just ridiculous and it 's not fun ; it 's embarrassing . 
  i am extremely happy dc did n't take this route . 
  it would n't work with batman , no way . 
  i 'd rather have a batman movie that everyone else dislikes instead of having one in which he cracks jokes and is not serious . 
  i do n't mean to say the movie was a masterpiece . 
  it has its flaws but many critics just bashed it because they want to have a fun comedy movie and because they do n't take cb characters seriously . 
  dc should n't part from this route . 
  make 3 movies that suck eventually you will make one that does n't , but never make your characters embarrassing . 
  if you find yourself you have to , then do n't make a movie at all . 
  do n't destroy your characters . 
  tried reading the article . 
  it 's getting hot in here . 
  i really hope so !, 
  you guys are making me really jealous with all those screenshots you share from the beta  can not wait to get my hands on it !, 
  great tip , thanks . 
  i did !, 
  i just can not wait to leave seattle is all !, 
  great news !, 
  while the idea is good , having it on steam is just more convenient . 
  plus , the average game price is around 60-90 turkish liras in steam ( xp10 full price without discount is 90 turkish liras ) . 
  if i buy the standalone it 's $ 60 , which is around 200 turkish liras . 
  in daylight , i am fine with fsx really . 
  but those night shots from x-plane blow me away . 
  anyone know a way to have the same lights ( i mean the lands on the terrain of course ) in fsx ? 
  could use it . 
  i appreciate your insights !, 
  yes , there is indeed a little pyramiding on her shell and she is a little dull . 
  i was n't aware that she had to be fed every other day after one year or so , so she was fed everyday until a couple of months ago i learned i should feed her every other day . 
  ( she is around 6 years old btw . ), 
  dullness is probably because she did n't have a uvb light for some time ( she always had a heating bulb but did n't have a uvb for the most part ) . 
  she 's been enjoying one for a couple of months now , so yay !, 
  she really loves apples and bananas but so far i have never been able to get her to like green lettuce , carrots or any other greens for what it 's worth . 
  her tank has 40 gallons of water in it right now and she also has a pennplax turtle topper for a basking area . 
  there is around 25 kg of aquarium sand ( 0,7 mm ) in the tank . 
  tetratec ex 800 plus cannister filter keeps the water clean and there is also a 300w steel heater which keeps the water warm around 26 degrees celcius .
