  yeah , i see you . 
  having been told that the story is shaped by my actions and then seeing it is actually not is frustrating really . 
  but as you said it , their story is still good so i can deal with that . 
  please do n't use that word . 
  it 's flashverse now . 
  so what ? 
  what 's the difference ? 
  for you , isis might be the only bad group . 
  but for turkey , and all the people with common sense , they are only the same . 
  why would turkey help ypg anyway ? 
  for all i care letting them kill each other and going for the weak ( the victor ) afterwards makes better sense . 
  even if turkey intervened during kobane events , they would just go there and kill both ypg and isis and people would still be crying about how turkey killed kurds . 
  well , we 'll see about that  terrorist organizations are doomed to fall . 
  and that 's just what they are - terrorists . 
  there is no proof though . 
  let 's just forget the government and what they should have/could have done . 
  you 're trying to justify pkk 's unilateral ending of the ceasefire and present their accusation of turkish police of involvement as a reason for justification , yet you do n't have any proof . 
  if you can not provide proof for your claims , then you 're not arguing you 're just ... 
  i do n't even know what that is . 
  as if that 's not enough you 're trying to change the subject . 
  that 's not gon na work . 
  super legends of flarrowverse ? 
  well this looks great !, 
  still like snyder 's superman better though . 
  yo that 's cool . 
  hey , here 's some help . 
  to be fair , it has exactly the same camera with just a little better focusing ( thanks to the additional sensors ) . 
  the rest is software and z5c will probably get it with a future update ( probably nougat in december , heck , you can even use the new camera app now if you wanted to with unlocked bootloader and root ) . 
  your point stands in terms of battery life , usb c and ram though . 
  i do n't think it is anything special . 
  it just looks like a z5 with a fixed camera , which is great . 
  nowadays i get crazy wakeup triggers from google services ( as seen from the wakelock detector ) , perhaps you have the same thing . 
   if turkey gets visa free travel to the eu , the eu will disintegrate . 
  maybe not formally . 
  but all kinds of walls within the eu will suddenly be erected en the eu ca n't do shit about it . 
  why do you think so ? 
  could you care to elaborate ? 
  thank you for your insights , i appreciate it . 
  however , i believe you are exaggerating the potential outcomes of this deal . 
  it is , after all , a deal which eu already accepted , as long as the requirements are met ( i believe there are only 7 left , if that article i read not long ago is to be trusted ) . 
  turkish people who want to and are able to visit europe ( people who are financially secure and culturally `` open-minded '' ) are already frequently visiting european countries . 
  and eu already has a considerable amount of turkish population . 
  sure , turkey has a huge population for eu , but more than most of the people in turkey are not potential eu travellers . 
  also , how does turkey get away with murder or dealing with enemies you currently are fighting ? 
  whom did turkey murder and with whom do turkey deal that are enemies of eu ? 
  levelling kurdish cities ? 
  death of those who were arrested since the coup ? 
  supplying weapons and buying oil from isis ?? 
  turkey is actually fighting isis as we speak in syria . 
  and this is n't us airstrike kinda empty shit fighting , they actually have ground troops in there . 
  look , i know people in / r/worldnews and / r/europe would like to fantasize about turkey having ties with isis and all , but those claims were never backed with evidence . 
  some guy in the us just said `` we have evidence isis supplies oil to turkey '' ... that evidence have never been released . 
  and `` supplying oil to turkey '' does n't even mean that turkish government has anything to do with it . 
  it is possible to have smugglers all the time , especially considering syrian border is so hard to patrol , but nothing links turkey to isis . 
  there is simply no evidence on that . 
  and do n't tell me the pictures published by russia are evidence . 
  they just published photos of a bunch of trucks , with no information or proof on their source and destination ( afaik , some of them even were proved to be of kurdish government in iraq , with whom turkey is allies . ), 
  levelling kurdish cities ? 
  yeah , this is pkk propaganda . 
  there have been operations in many cities since the last year , but no citizen was ever harmed by turkish forces during these operations . 
  the target was pkk and their organization in turkish cities . 
  you can always use some google skills and find videos released by turkish forces and other sources that show the weapon and explosive caches found in those cities . 
  when pkk members know they are getting outnumbered by turkish forces they try to gain public attention and support by claiming that they are `` innocent civilians '' . 
  this is their usual stuff , everbody who has ever dealt with pkk knows this . 
  see , if civilians were ever killed , do you think kurdish people in the area would n't riot ? 
  as said before , you can always find some really hard-proof on google and twitter . 
  claiming people who are arrested will die with nothing to back it up is just dumb . 
  agreed . 
  compared to a z3/c , it 's a huge improvement . 
  but z5/c owners should wait for an update , instead of buying a new device . 
   you guys just watched a group round up anyone who was n't a sunni and execute them, 
  it 's not like such things happened in our territory . 
  that 's not a shame turkey has to bear , it 's a shame shared by the whole humanity . 
  it is n't turkey to blame if an extremist group decided to do such things in regions that are not controlled by turkey . 
  if anything , you should blame usa for paving the way for the creation of isis by meddling with the middle east because they wanted to go on an adventure . 
   then decided to start killing the kurds who did go an fight isis . 
  turkey did n't kill kurds who were fighting isis . 
  it does n't even make sense to mention kurds since kurds = / = pkk/ypg . 
  northern iraq is kurdish and turkey is allies with them . 
  kurds have nothing to do with it . 
  turkey did kill pkk members who were operating inside the country . 
  mind you though pkk is an internationally recognized terrorist group . 
  turkey has every right to fight against them within their borders . 
   they 're fighting isis now . 
  yes . 
  that is true . 
  but we do not just fight isis . 
  we also fight pkk & ypg too . 
  see , we do not differentiate terrorists . 
  we do not support evil just because they fight a slightly worse evil . 
  isis and pkk are all the same and they are both going to meet their ends . 
  we need topkek in walmart . 
  the potential ... 
  well , because islamic shitheads in turkey seem to think christmas is the same thing as celebrating the new year . 
  they do n't have any idea ... 
  they are just stupid assholes . 
  the headline ( or the article itself , did n't read it ) is bullshit . 
  they are not fired because they were associated with the coup . 
  they are fired because they are associated with fet\u00f6 ( turkish abbreviation for gulenist terrorist organisation ) , which is not really bad if they are indeed associated . 
  i would assume that season 1 and 2 happened the way they did .
