  people need to see , the situation in turkey is n't just on erdo\u011fan . 
  mhp and chp are responsible for this clusterfuck as well . 
  they are seriously lacking and they lost their ways . 
  oh my god , just stop already . 
  the little she-devil, 
  not really sure , but i think you need to get the ribbon , then kill detlaff . 
  after that , before the ceremony you need to talk to syanna and tell her that she could forgive henrietta . 
  also , before going to get syanna to see detlaff , you need to read all journal entries and talk to syanna in the fairy tale world and listen to her story . 
  you need to get her to say that she hates henrietta because she forgot about her . 
  can not be sure about the exact steps , though . 
  just make sure read everything , listen to everything and try to make them forgive each other . 
  well , your contract had two important things :, 
  * kill detlaff, 
  * save syanna, 
  you do both . 
  there is a switch in nvidia inspector for it though, 
  yep , you 're right . 
  no denying on that , just wanted to point out there seems to be something needed on the driver 's side as well . 
  what am i looking at ? 
  i have found that the red ability ( can not remember the name ) which restores a bit of your health using adrenaline points when your health reaches 0 helps with that . 
  oh , you mean iocaste . 
  nice find !, 
  when will logitech learn to use some durable switches , i wonder ? 
  similar shit happened with g710 , too . 
  not nice , logitech . 
  you can not change it . 
  there are two leds present in the hardware ( blue and green ) to give the exact logitech color . 
  blue one turns off when calibrating giving you only green . 
  i am no programmer , so i can not really do anything about it ; however , as far as i know , this is not implemented in api so it should be a little hard , if i had to guess ... 
  i do n't know about downloading but you can find it on spotify . 
  i do n't like the idea of making a character black just for the sake of `` diversity '' . 
  this is stupid . 
  this is something professional , you cast the better actor for your role . 
  i did n't like it with flash 's casting with iris and i wo n't like it if it happens for the dceu as well . 
  do i have a problem with iris west on tv ? 
  hell no . 
  i love the actor , i love the character . 
  do i have a problem with jimmy olsen on tv ? 
  no again , but the casting feels forced while the acting is great . 
  first of all , sorry all for hijacking . 
  cdpr please fix that stupid downloading issues with updates . 
  i really hate updating this game as it seems to redownload most of the game when an update is pushed . 
  why the hell a friend of mine with the steam version downloads only 2.2 gbs while i am forced to download 13 fucking gb of a patch with the gog version ? 
  this is unfair . 
  not everyone has 100 + mbps broadband fiber plans . 
  i use only 16 mbps adsl which is throttled down to 3 mbps once i exceed a certain download limit ( which is stupidly 75gb , but that 's how it is ) . 
  this is stupid and this has to go . 
  i 've downloaded more than the size of the game over the last a couple of updates . 
  actually , if you check comments above there are people with different update sizes on steam . 
  and you ruined the whole point cause you took the letter and the sack . 
  that 's weird , i have no such issue . 
  but overall , gog i think is pretty strong except for this update issues which you mentioned as well . 
  they do it in cs : go and rocket league, 
  i 'm pretty sure i saw one , not sure where it is sold though . 
  yeah , i missed it too . 
  i 'm gon na buy physical copies of both expansions to get them . 
  will sell the spare keys after that . 
  `` i know . '', 
  actually one of the local retailers around here has the pc edition of hos for around 25 $ , baw is what i can not find . 
  no yen ? 
  what ? 
  how can anyone claim it 's a lie ? 
  i mean hating turkey for other things i can understand , but how the fuck can someone deny that turkey takes in 3 million refugees ? 
  believe me . 
  there are much more refugees in turkey than the official numbers . 
  hey , i am a turk and i like you :(, 
  it was n't '' ** banned ** '' banned . 
  it was banned from taking place in a certain place , which is taksim square . 
  you can google translate the source from here : http://www.istanbul.gov.tr/tr/guncel/haberler/basin-duyurusu-17062016, 
  it basically says `` you can not do it in taksim , do it somewhere else , because it is not safe . '', 
  i am a turkish citizen who lives near the syrian border with sources from the municipality of gaziantep city of turkey , which has a border with syria . 
  when i go out to streets i can see thousands of refugees . 
  and do n't let me start on those in camps . 
  another city - kilis , which was once a district of gaziantep , has alone 130,000 refugees - much more than its original population of 90,000 . 
  and no , i am not someone who believes anything my corrupt government tells . 
  i hate my government . 
  you can actually see it for yourself from trustworthy sources . 
  hmm ... 
  satisfying click . 
  yeah , i wonder that , too . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but the reason was the same back then . 
  municipality did n't allow them to do it in taksim , yet they did . 
  hence the police forces . 
  well , i stand corrected . 
  government is shit , no denying in that . 
  nice shot !, 
  i thought it was rx 480 and got excited . 
  they have screenshots , so it must be legit !, 
  oh my god , i just want to punch this guy in the face so hard . 
  whatever happened to bruce wayne in this run ? 
  i have seen some people claiming the order 1886 on ps4 has better graphics than any other game ... 
  what are your exact settings , i wonder ? 
  thank you , 
  it 's 1.22 , by the way . 
  it is reproduced by pressing `` o '' key from the keyboard , so i do n't think that would be possible on a ps4 . 
  i do n't really know , played yennefer once , then `` o '' started giving me yennefers . 
  since one can not have enough yennefers in their life , i am happy with it . 
  well , coke is obviously better ... 
  like ... every time . 
  it is i , the crimson avenger !,
