  the hype , it 's calling to you . 
  we have a city called batman though !, 
  helpasadkurd, 
  i used an r9 290x for more than a year until it went bad then switched to gtx 980 . 
  now it amazes me how people used to complain about amd 's drivers and praised nvidia 's . 
  i never had a driver problem with my r9 290x . 
  however with the gtx 980 , i feel like i 'm walking on thin ice about to crack . 
  you ( the us and other countries , nothing personal ) did n't ask turkey to step up and * help * . 
  you asked turkey to do your dirty work for you . 
  turkey was actually willing provided you accepted its terms ; but you did n't . 
  also , turkey did all the help it could have done by taking in millions of refugees . 
  turkish forces did n't kill any women or children in cizre or anywhere else . 
  all those claims are stupid pkk propaganda with no evidence or whatsoever . 
  on the contrary , you can easily find that local residents of the area are supporting the army and their operations there . 
  there are just handful of terrorists who claim themselves to be civilians whenever they find themselves cornered in a building with limited ammo , grenades , rockets etc. 
  also let 's not forget this : http://www.mesop.de/mesop-sorry-for-the-error-kurdish-pkk-apologises-for-killing-children-in-a-car-bomb-on-turkish-police/, 
  that is right . 
  do not flash extreme 's bios , instead overclock yours to extreme 's clocks as the only difference between the two is the cooler . 
  so , your solution to sagging was to put another 970 underneath ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  unstable how ? 
  they were still working full speed even with the sagging . 
  what i think that was most probably happening is that the heatsink was losing its surface contact or it was in a position which locks the hot air inside . 
  uhm ... 
  i do n't know if that is relevant but here goes . 
  i do n't have a zotac 980 ti amp !, 
  extreme , but i do have one zotac 980 amp !, 
  omega , so i kinda understand your frustration as my gpu was the first one zotac messed up with . 
  not to play devil 's advocate , however , i 've had no huge disappointment with my 980 amp !, 
  omega . 
  at first , there were some because the card was not as simple as the other ones was , however , i believe i got the hang of it in time . 
  i do n't know what people normally get , but my card is currently stable @ 1516/4000 ( core/memory ) oc and here is how i achieved it with no crashes/artifacts/high temps . 
  i do n't know 980 ti , however 980 amp !, 
  is n't any good at working with afterburner or other tweakers . 
  you should always use zotac 's firestorm utility . 
  i can say that because ;, 
  1 ) my usual stable overclock crashes when i do it with afterburner, 
  2 ) utilities other than firestorm can not properly set and monitor voltage of the card ( afterburner , even gpu-z shows 1.212 v at max , while in firestorm you can see 1.26 v , which can be checked via a physical voltage monitor ) . 
  3 ) there are a couple of features that can be only tweaked via firestorm ( at least for 980 amp ! ), 
  like memory voltage offset or vcore set . 
  also , while my power limit is 111 % as well , i have never seen my gpu use more than 100 % when oc ` ed , it uses even less when not . 
  so it 's not a problem for me . 
  long story short , i think you are right in that zotac 's cards are a pain in the ass , however before giving up on it maybe you can give firestorm a go instead of msi afterburner . 
  frankly , i am not sure . 
  might be that when sagging , heatsink loses full contact with the surface ; might be hot air stuck inside , might be something touching some other thing . 
  i can not really say . 
  and i do n't think this is a common issue at all . 
  it 's just if you have high temps that do n't make sense , you might wan na give it a go . 
  if you are implying a screw was loose or something like that , that 's impossible since when i reapplied thermal paste , i had to remove the screws and put them back after the application , and i know when a screw is tight . 
  edit : oh i see now . 
  yes , it would n't make sense for it to be the heatsink losing contact because ... screws . 
  however i can definitely say the fans were not blocked by the sag and able to reach 100 % speed . 
  the reason why i thought at first it was heatsink losing full cover to the die was because the behaviour of high temps resembled when there is no thermal paste at all . 
  in furmark it used to jumpstart into 90 degrees and in other cases where no such heavy load is present the cooler just could n't contain the temps , the temps would just go higher and higher . 
  glad to be of help , 
  yup . 
  i 'm 100 % positive that it was propping up that fixed my issues . 
  my case is a corsair 400r and it has at the moment 7 fans installed so airflow was n't the issue . 
  well , i used a wooden stick to make something like powercolor 's power jack . 
  edit : why do you downvote , i like daisy ridley :(, 
  i wonder what our gpu coolers have in common . 
  what model is your 6970 ? 
  i would say anything that can hold the weight and would n't physically harm the gpu . 
  i would also not use anything conductive just in case . 
  legends of superflarrowverse !, 
  yeah , mine is mounted really tight , however does n't stop sagging . 
  +4 happiness, 
  sorry i 've never used itunes before ; do you know or have an idea what kind of quality will be there ? 
  blu-ray ? 
  thanks !, 
  i just want to get the best quality available . 
  blu-ray it is , then . 
  thanks for the info . 
  * you 're god damn right *, 
  `` please do n't upvote '' - instant karma hack of reddit since the beginning of time . 
  ^ not ^ to ^ say ^ i ^ did n't ^ upvote, 
  you mean victor zsasz, 
  now , that ... makes sense . 
  yes , that is right . 
  woah nice lottery there . 
  i have a 4690k with noctua nh-u14s and i 'm currently running 4.6 ghz at 1.35 v and it 's barely stable . 
  i think i will go back to 4.5 at around 1.25 v and call it a day . 
  as far as i know , workarounds are not problem solvers . 
  refresh button is missing and if that is a problem with some people , who 's to say they do n't need it since they can use a workaround ? 
  i hate that kind of problem solving attitude around here . 
  please do n't do that . 
  i 'm not saying do n't give workarounds . 
  i appreciate them . 
  i just think op is smart enough to figure out that turning wifi off & on will do the same job as a refresh . 
  i think he aims to rant , share his opinion at how not having a refresh button is irking him . 
  then someone comes up and says ` do that it 's just two clicks no big work ' as if op 's feeling of wanting to have a refresh button is bad and unnecessary , and he should n't be bothered by it . 
  i do n't think it is right to make that judgement right now . 
  we still have n't heard anything from nvidia regarding the issue . 
  well , congrats to the winners !, 
  is there any way we could see their systems along with their overclocks ? 
  one of the things that makes joker a challenging enemy for batman is that he does n't have a clear motive . 
  he is not your everyday gang boss who wants money , he is n't some guy who is just pissed off because a government agent caused him to lose his family etc. 
  he is everything against batman 's understanding of a criminal . 
  and as his unreasoned methods , his story of origin is important as well . 
  when batman goes up against a criminal , he checks all past activity of the criminal in question and his motives so he can understand the criminal and act against it . 
  however , as pretty much the whole challenge here for batman is to * understand * joker , anything that gives a clear understanding of his personality , of his past makes him a normal enemy and spoils the fun if you ask me .
