  for me , it makes much more sense for obi-wan to talk to her while she was around luke . 
  i believe obi-wan and others might have helped luke train the new generation of jedi as force ghosts . 
  so i think this sentence was a vision as were the others , not obi-wan actually taking to her . 
  in an alternate universe , iphone 4s owners file suit against apple for not getting ios 9 update for their phones . 
  you are hollywood-hacked, 
  ok , i might be wrong , but afaik when you switch profiles it will show you which profile you are on briefly , but after that it will be showing the dpi . 
  at least this is what happens on default . 
  how to change that behaviour - i have no idea . 
  defend, 
  the government has a system . 
  the body in the tank was confirmed to be not fish mooney . 
  someone shared another shot showing the tank from up front . 
  it was clearly not fish mooney . 
  it was a clearer one of [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/o0ocmjl.jpg ) i 'll put it here when i find it . 
  edit : think [ that ] ( https://i.imgur.com/h1giyfb.png ) was the one . 
  looks amazing , ca n't wait to use that baby . 
  10 years later disney buys mad max, 
  cpu being utilised 100 % does n't necessarily mean that it 's bottlenecking though . 
  i believe you should check your gpu utilisation as well . 
  i play witcher 3 with an i5 4690k and a gtx 980 with 100 % gpu utilisation and around 95-100 % cpu utilisation . 
  as long as your gpu utilisation does n't drop significantly , i believe it is safe to say that there is no bottleneck . 
  as a first step you might check event logs to have a better understanding of what went wrong . 
  i think it is safe to think of the games like lotr movies . 
  are they canon ? 
  kind of . 
  they are interpretations of canon books in another media . 
  so witcher 3 is kind of like that . 
  next month, 
  chrome is there so you can download windows, 
  wow , someone is apparently playing civilizations v. 
  posted 1 hour ago ... glad we survived . 
  if you want to get into meditation though , i just need to remind yourself of being able to give good advice . 
  just to clarify i am not even sure what to tell you the direction you should be yourself and give it everything you got . 
  when ? 
  where ? 
  how ? 
  i watched the episode , did n't see anything like that . 
  this was posted here more than a couple of times a week ago or so , but then people with common sense and an understanding of how videos of propaganda work saw that the video in question had cuts and ak-47 sounds in the background with no turkish soldiers visible shooting . 
  ok reddit i understand you want to hate on turkey , but this video is bullshit . 
  i 've had this , if you like https://www.reddit.com/r/hearthstone/comments/35g5zy/so_i_just_drafted_this/, 
  i used an 290x and an overclocked fx8350 with a 600w psu , no problems . 
  i think that answer will be enough . 
  also 13 were saved . 
  sorry , i 'm a bit out of the loop here . 
  what did they do to fix pvp ? 
  a link with explanation will do . 
  thanks !, 
  nice work , but uhm ... 
  it 's ahsoka, 
  thai food ( thanks , tv shows ), 
  i am vengeance, 
  many details were lost in our struggle ... 
  some argue that even though you pay , game does n't give you immediate access to gears , feats , etc. 
  ; but instead makes you earn them still . 
  is that true ? 
  do they work on other games by any chance ? 
  are you sure this black screen does n't occur without oc ? 
  please make sure you do n't have that without oc . 
  you may be onto something, 
  what apps/games do you use to test ? 
  also , can you describe the crash pattern ? 
  is it so that when a random and sudden black screen occurs while also sound stops or goes into loop , you can not get your pc to boot again until you do a hard reset ? 
  ( resetting by turning it off via power and turning it back on , not reset button ), 
  can you confirm using event viewer that there are absolutely no logs about the crash , related to driver or any other apps other than kernelpower or other unexpected restart logs ? 
  i see . 
  i would suggest a fresh driver install , using ddu to wipe the present drivers first . 
  please try increasing voltage . 
  your issue seems a lot like what i experienced with my old 290x , which turned out to be defective after all . 
  hopefully you can solve your issue . 
  also please report back after trying . 
  frankly , i do n't believe this is the case . 
  first of all , having more than a couple of display units should n't make much of a change in terms of maximum power usage . 
  also , i know from experience that a 600w psu is more than capable of supplying a 290x along with an oc 'd fx 8350 , multiple hard drives and fans . 
  so your 550w should n't be problem for a 290 . 
  you may try getting a new psu , sure , but i would n't expect to see it work . 
  hopefully it will , though . 
  10 $ for imax here in turkey, 
  nah , she 's actually felicity 's secret twin . 
  i love bringing objects together !, 
  look , it 's evolving !, 
  i live close to the syrian border and i know people ( relatives ) from protocol and others who did patrolling on the border or other regions with high pkk activity as a soldier ; i can confirm this . 
  turkish soldiers can not shoot people if they do n't carry weapons even if they know them to be part of pkk or other terrorist organisations . 
  it 's strictly forbidden and shooting such people could mean court-martial for soldiers . 
  if your pc has a problem or you 've had an error resulting in a shutdown or crash , do n't fucking come to me saying your pc/program crashed with some error . 
  describe what the fuck happened and tell me the exact error with whatever code it might have shown . 
  ah , also stop fucking asking questions and stop questioning my methods when i am guiding you step by step to solve your issues . 
  if i tell you to do something , you fucking do it . 
  i 'd say bad cgi, 
  i ca n't quite make it out in my mind , but there has to be a service which you can find in services.msc ( windows + r ) that is responsible for the media buttons . 
  if that service is somehow stopped , no media buttons will work . 
  try to check that out and make sure it is running and set to automatic . 
  edit : i think it was called hid human interface service, 
  are you sure he is n't just trolling you ? 
  because i do it to a friend when we talk about fallout 4 vs witcher 3, 
  they did n't ` acknowledge ' it , they planned it . 
  you do n't destroy hundreds of buildings and kill thousands in such a big production and say ` well , sorry we did n't mean to do that but now that we did accidentally , let 's use it ', 
  any other nation can be a better nation than any other nation . 
  your claim does n't make any sense . 
  they help isis !, 
  yes , according to the evidence no one seems to be able to release .
