  so in my and many others ' case , there would be no need for an n5 . 
  that 's great but does n't it cause any problems ? 
  i mean if it was unnecessary and could be disabled without any side effects , then why did google put it there ? 
  what does this service do and what will we miss when we disable it ? 
  that must be it , thanks !, 
  that more looks like a ui exclusive for tablets , which looks great btw . 
  well , that did n't even cross my mind . 
  but you might be right , maybe it looks like ios , but i think today 's android tablets lacks the ui for it . 
  most apps are made considering phones , not tablets . 
  so , seeing a tablet screen used that efficiently made me happy about samsung . 
  yeah sure , they say the same thing every year . 
  i am turkish and i am ashamed of these idiots :(, 
  not close enough . 
  yea , sure it does . 
  perhaps it 's piracy . 
  well as you said , raw power does n't mean anything.with that specs , k1 could only be used for tablets ( perhaps ) because of the 5 watt tpu which is too high for mobile phones . 
  and if they want to use on mobiles , they will have to limit its capabilities . 
  that 's one reason . 
  another is what you exactly say . 
  and let 's not forget the heat factor . 
  future is bright , though . 
  were n't these already there ? 
  is that a recording from an lg device ? 
  this is a beta as well . 
  hmm that explains , but it looks like they have released it for the first time . 
  well , lg clearly says `` hello '' by the frequent refocusing in the video :d, 
  yup . 
  though , not that often i think . 
  i am not sure how often cause i do n't really capture so many videos but definitely it does that . 
  and as far as i know many lg phones are known to do this including 4x hd , optimus g and optimus g pro as well . 
  might be software , i am not sure really . 
  perhaps someone using cm or someone with deeper knowledge could answer that . 
  red arrow , i think . 
  what leads me to believe this is 1 ) roy was always wearing something red when he was first introduced to the series 2 ) now that oliver is gon na train him , he will definitely teach him the ways of an archer since this was what he did when he tried to train `` the huntress '' . 
  i believe he has a tendency to to do that . 
  i totally agree !, 
  fuck you lg , release a statement including the devices that will get an actual update . 
  i just want to know if i will be able to use kitkat or not !, 
  wrong . 
  montaj in turkish means what montage means in english . 
  because fuck skype . 
  if spotify guys are reading this ... 
  please , read this spotify guys ... 
  especially this part is bothering me : `` terrible library management ( i 'm forced to leverage playlists and can only `` star '' single songs ? ) '', 
  yet , i find the spotify to be the best service available ( google music is not available in my country , so ... ), 
  any way to enroll to the beta program ? 
  that 's tooooooooooo late for me . 
  as far as i remember oliver goes back to the island after the end of the season 1 , i do n't exactly know how much time he spent there but i think , maybe , he actually did something there other than practising etc. 
  maybe he went there for a reason ? 
  perhaps they can show whatever he did if he did anything at all as flashbacks after the original flashbacks are over or they can somehow connect the original flashbacks with the new ones . 
  just an idea . 
  edit : but other than this , i think the original idea was to continue island flashbacks to the end of the series and they planned they would do two final battles one in the island and one in the present by keeping the flashbacks going , but now that the series have more potential they might change this idea . 
  they have a galaxy s5 and they can put it 1 meter deep yet they do n't have a camera to capture the video at at least 480p or they can not afford an internet connection that would let them upload an hd video . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  now they need to drop the xperia brand and name the next phone sony g2, 
  it 's samsung devices that have touchwiz inside , not lg . 
  and actually in contrast to touchwiz , lg 's optimus ui is more than okay . 
  actually lg 's stock calendar app does that already . 
  ( not the widget but the app icon itself ; be it on the drawer or home screen ), 
  are you on custom launcher ? 
  if so , that might be it . 
  actually , i do n't know about the g2 but my optimus g does certainly have it . 
  sold ??? 
  they were given free of charge with note 3 in my country . 
  how 's that for selling ? 
  it 's turkey . 
  not so glorious though since flagship devices like note 3 are priced about 900-1000 $ thanks to all those stupid taxes . 
  so companies are sometimes forced to do such things . 
  btw not all the people had this i think it was something like the first 5000 customers who got them . 
  and also it was not a carrier , it was the samsung themselves who did this . 
  `` smart `` phone, 
  well ... 
  if samsung turkey counts as a `` company '', 
  spotify with their new design, 
  it 's, 
  he is just ... you know ... yoda ... 
  what happened to ea ? 
  here in turkey , confirmed !, 
  radeonpro does work . 
  however you need to disable any other overlay , dx hook or whatsoever like fraps or origin in game overlay . 
  i also click `` apply now '' every now and then just to make sure it is working ( although i think it does n't make any sense lol ) . 
  also try to switch between the 64-bit and 32-bit version of the application . 
  mine says only `` 32-bit '', 
  it 's not that optional irl as it seems in the papers . 
  in turkish id cards there is a section for religion ( idk why the hell ) and if you are muslim officially you have to take that class . 
  also , it 's not so easy to choose not to take it . 
  there is the official procedure that is needed if you do n't want it . 
  and even if you are through with this procedure there is the public disgrace . 
  teachers , school management and other students ; they will all look down on the student . 
  not just the student by the way . 
  the parents will be looked down on as well . 
  that 's true . 
  but what i want to imply is that it is seemingly optional but when you want to use this option there will be many obstacles on your way waiting for you . 
  also erdo\u011fan and his government are aware of this but do nothing about it because they do n't want that option to be used unless it 's extremely necessary . 
  i do n't know many things but i know one thing . 
  have you heard that china is now making its own operating system ? 
  russia is another country iirc that is working on its own linux based operating system to be used on government computers . 
  well turkey , therefore tubitak was one of the first to achieve this . 
  the idea was to create a national operating system , based on linux . 
  its name is pardus .
