  i did n't like it ... 
  on the contrary , i think wells ' reactions look much more realistic compared to shue 's in this particular scene of course . 
  well we kinda heard a gun being shot right at the moment when the elevetor door closed , but from the moment i saw martine aiming her right at the head i imagined john greer or samaritan would say `` stop '' just in time in order to question her or for something else . 
  finch = oracle, 
  for anyone who would say `` wait , what ? 
  batman ? '', 
  well , i am not sure about this but driver version and catalyst version are not the same so maybe ... 
  used r9 290x with a 600watt psu before , pretty sure it is more than enough . 
  for a couple of months . 
  there have been no issues at all . 
  also the cpu was oc ` ed . 
  it all comes down to how much power the psu can supply with via 12v rail ( s ) . 
  you will be fine with a 600 watt psu as long as it gives enough power via its 12v rail . 
  i see cx600 can give 552 watts from its 12v rail . 
  you will be okay . 
  efficiency ratings are not related to how much power a psu can give , it is rather related to the amount of current it pulls from the wall . 
  so a 600w psu with an efficiency rating of 80 % will draw about 750w from the wall to generate the 600w necessary . 
  higher efficiency means lower draw from wall . 
  another confusion about efficiency ratings . 
  efficiency has nothing to do with the amount of power a psu can supply with . 
  well , i think it is wrong to assume that it should be of low quality if it is 80 + . 
  a psu can still be of high quality with a low efficiency rating . 
  hello flashbot , we love you, 
  it 's pure magic, 
  its, 
  just want to clarify things as a turkish citizen ... 
  no one is going to ban minecraft or something . 
  all these reports about turkey baning minecraft are bullshit . 
  here 's what happened : a reporter , a particularly stupid reporter asked to the family and social policies minister in a conference if there would be any measures taken against games such as minecraft in which players are rewarded for killing their `` wives '' . 
  as an answer , the minister , who probably never played minecraft or anything other than some desk games , said they would look into it if there is such thing . 
  here is why i call this particular reporter stupid : because he 's talking about a fucking episode of south park and he does n't even know about it ( probably ) . 
  the answer of the minister is completely normal in this kind of situation . 
  the only origin of this news is this answer : `` we will look into it '', 
  i am really fed up with this trend of shitting turkey in every single opportunity . 
  there is no ban on minecraft , it is all speculation deriving from a stupid question of a stupid person in a press conference . 
  about the south park episode in question : http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/informative_murder_porn, 
  see here : `` the next day , jimmy valmer tells stan and kyle that some parents have broken their parental locks , and butters has become grief-stricken because his father killed his mother in minecraft , leading kyle to realize that someone is teaching their parents the game . '', 
  also , as i mentioned before , this stupid reporter suggested that players are awarded for killing their wives , not simply characters . 
  it 's classified, 
  wow was she a stunt double ? 
  thank you very much !, 
  depends on the price i think, 
  in batman : arkham city ,, 
  ***** spoiler alert *****, 
  ra 's offers the same thing to batman . 
  i think he explained why there must be a new ra 's by saying something like `` although the pit can keep your body immortal , every time you use it , it takes a part of your soul '' . 
  true there is a limit of what they can buy . 
  however , we were not maxed out . 
  leave that aside , this can happen in early game as well . 
  i see what you did there ... 
  do you happen to have the modified apk as well ? 
  thank you kind citizen !, 
  turkey here, 
  see ? 
  we got, 
  two different blood samples . 
  - one for each speedster . 
  - that 's right . 
  one is a-positive ,, 
  and the other one 's, 
  ab-negative -- super rare . 
  i 'm gon na run them both through, 
  the ccpd criminal database, 
  i 'm not proud of it ,, 
  but i ran the samples . 
  one was n't identified ,, 
  and the other had a match . 
  cisco , you 're hesitating . 
  was it wells ? 
  it was me barry !, 
  i was e.t. 
  pcs + is a good choice, 
  if everything is like how armenia claims it to be , i do n't see how them cooperating with turkey becomes a problem at all . 
  no , please no . 
  leia skywalker organa solo, 
  hmm ... 
  i 'd say try to do in-game as much as possible . 
  some games have no options for some features , so those games might be the ones you 'd like to use nvidia control panel to tweak graphical settings . 
  arena gives a gvg pack and other prizes depending on your performance . 
  so i 'd say arena, 
  thanks for your comment !, 
  thanks , guess i will go with naxx then , 
  just what i got , 
  then servers go down again because everyone has free arena access, 
  does anyone know what happened to him ? 
  i feel sad . 
  oh poor thing , he will be remembered . 
  are you sure that there are not hidden files ? 
  make sure you enable the setting to show protected system files . 
  maybe there is a pagefile or something like that . 
  i hate priest . 
  take that , face hunter . 
  i 've had this with the driver that windows update installed ( apparently , win10 driver by amd ) so i switched back to 15.4 win8 .1 drivers , which have no problems at all . 
  however i am curious as to the cause of this behavior and interested in a possible fix . 
  in the mean time , it would be nice to have a way of blocking windows from automatically installing that particular gpu driver update . 
  oh , i use r9 290x as well , by the way . 
  edit : also i observed that sometimes disconnecting the dvi ( or whatever connection you have ) from the gpu and connecting it back gives your display back , but this workaround requires some effort and also is not reliable . 
  i wished that as well , however one problem with that could be that offline game modes mean offline data , which can be manipulated to get extra gold/content illegally . 
  tutorial would n't harm but other game modes could be problematic . 
  thank you for informing that this can be fixed for chrome by disabling hardware acceleration .
