  that is my wish as well . 
  hopefully all this goes back to normal and we can have a peaceful country . 
  rip hunter, 
  looks more determined . 
  hopefully he wo n't kill people . 
  alright here is my guess , the phone has a proprietary software that makes images , videos brighter , crisper and more colourful . 
  much like sony 's x-reality stuff . 
  but this works only with the built in gallery or gallery apps etc. 
  when you set the image as a wallpaper , this `` effect '' stops and you see the image without post-processing . 
  you can enable it via nvidia inspector , but be warned it was n't the most stable feature when i had the chance to try it . 
  time traveler confirmed . 
  we have evidence turkey is utter shit !, 
  we will release them !, 
  believe us we will !, 
  * never released *, 
  brother eye confirmed . 
  that 's another problem . 
  i can not find any sellers having the exact same model in their stock . 
  so it is possible they will just give a refund . 
  there is also a possibility that they will fix it though , which would be the best option for me i guess . 
  probably what i 'll end up doing . 
  thanks . 
  you think it is possible that my current activation will carry over to my account ? 
  can i just install the anniversary-windows on a different mobo with the old microsoft account and it will be activated ? 
  thanks !, 
  that 's great news !, 
  but ... 
  i guess that 's normal for when it is still possible to upgrade for free , 
  but did n't you use a windows 7/8/8 .1 key ? 
  do n't turn off the game dvr . 
  turn off its usage of the xbox button from its settings . 
  restart and that should do . 
  ok so here is what i will show them : proof of windows 8 key and proof of rma . 
  dude , this is just stupid . 
  reddit should leave this circle jerk . 
  not all newspapers and media outlets are run by government . 
  even the newspapers that have a habit of ` offending ' erdogan are saying that this is g\u00fclen 's doing . 
  heck , these guys have been trying to warn the government for more than 10 years now . 
  everyone who were not akp voters already knew g\u00fclen was shit . 
  no , this is patrick . 
  wow clueless . 
  if you think turkish people are mindless drones who follow anyone with some religious knowledge , you 're really , really clueless . 
  powerless exile ? 
  lol, 
  # ** #teamyennefer **, 
  what camera sensor does this have ? 
  same as z5 or a different one ? 
  jump to 0:30 for photos , 1:28 for full specs . 
  yeah , it does n't make sense for samsung to get rid of the physical button . 
  today i saw a phone on the salesman 's table in a store . 
  i think it was sony xperia z5 , but even though i use the exact same phone , i was n't really sure about it . 
  after all , the phone was in a case and its screen was off . 
  if it was n't for the sony logo on top , i would n't be able to tell it was a sony model . 
  that got me thinking . 
  the only thing that distinctly sets apart an iphone and a samsung phone from others are their physical home buttons . 
  if you see a phone with a circle shaped home button , you would assume it 's an iphone . 
  if you see a rectangular shaped home button though , one would think it 's a samsung ( now there are obviously other manufacturers with similar design but samsung did it first ) . 
  so why should any company give up such a distinguishing characteristic ? 
  i think it 's home-made, 
  well the guy is turkish , and prices in turkey are much higher than what would be in us or europe . 
  for example while an unlocked iphone is $ 600 in us , it 's around 3300 turkish liras in turkey . 
  that equals to $ 1100 . 
  yeah , no one says cia went all-out coup in turkey and failed , duh . 
  i 'm more excited about the possibility of emulating other systems on vita . 
  was just about to say that, 
  try to do that to an adult and we 'll see what happens . 
  not all tests simulate the same real-life scenario . 
  you can crash in one test and succeed in another . 
  you can succeed in all tests and crash in a game . 
  what happens indicates that your oc is probably not stable . 
  but this is what turkish people think and believe in general . 
  those news about 95 % of turkish people believing this was g\u00fclen 's doing was n't false !, 
  this is indeed what we as turkish people believe and what matters . 
  there is a reason call recordings without the consent of at least one party is not considered as legal proof . 
  there is something like `` akp d\u00f6neminde olmu\u015ftur '' which means something like `` happened during akp 's term '', 
  wtf is going on with these people ? 
  dude , i am a secular and anti-erdogan/anti-akp turkish citizen and i have never seen so much unity in my life . 
  believe it or not , turkey is 100 % united now . 
  only people crying are gulenists . 
  that would be `` terrorists '' for you , not `` militants '' . 
  the changes allow any high school graduate to apply for military colleges . 
  and high schools happen to include imam-hatip high schools . 
  the title is highly misleading . 
  yeah , life is a big conspiracy theory for you guys . 
  except nothing has changed . 
  erdogan is still who he was 10 years ago . 
  he still have the same amount of influence and dictatorship he had 10 years ago . 
  see , nothing has changed about him . 
  it 's just us and western media are getting dirty because they fucked up with the coup attempt so you think things are getting worse . 
  no , they are not . 
  on the contrary , he is doing something useful , something we as non-akp voters have been wanting for more than 10 years , which is getting rid of everyone and everything that has ties to fethullah g\u00fclen . 
  except that was n't the military 's doing . 
  yes , we saw turkish military personnel in action but they were such a minority . 
  usually and historically , such overthrowing actions are taken under the command of the chief commander of the armed forces . 
  this was , however , orchestrated by a small group of ` rebel ' army officers , who abused their ranks by ordering soldiers to go out in the streets , making them believe that what they were about to do was training exercise . 
  this attempt did n't include the chain of command . 
  it was just a couple of generals and colonels trying an early attempt because they were discovered . 
  originally their plan was to start the coup process in the midst of the sunday night . 
  however their covers were blown and they decided to go a bit early - two days to be exact - hence the unprofessional and rushed image . 
  one day i hope you will give a positive answer to my turkish translation offer : /,
