  on the other hand , he never listened to the wishes of these people . 
  i am not talking about a minority , i am talking about % 51 that did not vote for him . 
  he always denied them . 
  he always did what he wanted to . 
  that 's the problem . 
  i hope i was able to make myself clear . 
  absolutely !, 
  you are right , actually . 
  i can say there are many people telling `` it 's nothing ( about these protests ) , they will go their homes in a few days . 
  and they should as they are just attacking the properties and looting them and nothing '' without even looking out of their windows . 
  that 's such a dream ... 
  what about abortion ? 
  birth control pills ? 
  what will you say about these ? 
  good idea indeed !, 
  definitely , i would like to see a turkish version soon !, 
  i wonder what languages will be there ? 
  will it be easy to port more ? 
  i would be most pleased !, 
  i believe there is n't much trouble in adding a language ? 
  turkish would be great and i believe it should be included in the languages list . 
  plus , i can help you with the localization of other parts !, 
  maybe i could even help you with the dictionary , but i am not sure about this . 
  my german is not perfect but as far as i understand the price given on saturn.de is vat included . 
  which is ? 
  unlikely . 
  btw 16 gb version seems completely useless to me . 
  but bear in mind the fact that the phone supports otg , meaning you can add storage when you need with flash drives , portable hdds etc. 
  well in 32 gb version only 24 gb is user available . 
  about 8 gb is used by the system , bloatware or etc. 
  that makes 8 gb user available for 16 gb version . 
  well , the latest devices of samsung and lg supports this out of the box . 
  and it is not only limited to videos for lg . 
  ( using lg optimus g now ), 
  if he is mistaken twice , he should stop using keyboards . 
  translate the reply from the original news . 
  https://db.tt/mbniyh3i check this out bro . 
  nice . 
  could be useful . 
  it is `` this month '' actually . 
  what is horrible ? 
  i do n't get it ... lg has one of the smoothest uis in the market , maybe the best . 
  i really do n't see your point . 
  there might be some things that you do not like personally , but calling it `` horrible '' does n't look like proper to me . 
  hope they do the same for the optimus g, 
  finally !, 
  i use puu.sh on my pc and i was missing this kind of feature on my phone . 
  no , puu.sh does n't give a page . 
  it gives a direct link , here you can check : http://puu.sh/57axz.png, 
  the fact that it uses imgur or my own ftp server is great but what i like about puu.sh is that it has its own hotkeys and when you use one of these hotkeys you can actually select only a desired part of the screen just like what i did in the above link . 
  it can also take a full screenshot , or a screenshot of the window you are working on . 
  it also has an ability to puush texts ( actually it can push the clipboard . ), 
  that 's just great and i do n't know if hyperdesktop has anything to offer better than puu.sh . 
  possibly . 
  i have been using puu.sh for about 6 + months and it was the same when i started using it . 
  so probably they changed it before i started using it . 
  it looks like hyperdesktop is pretty much the same and actually i can see even the hotkeys are the same lol . 
  the biggest downside of the puu.sh is that they are deleting pictures not accessed for more than 3 months or something like that . 
  also , the fact that hyperdesktop can edit snaps is great , which drives me to trying it . 
  i should give it a go , pushing texts is not something great but editing the snaps would be just great , if the implementation was done in an easy way . 
  thanks for the recommendation , though !, 
  enough of this `` this title is available for purchase in canada and united states . '', 
  nonsense !, 
  `` tk only '' label feels a bit misleading . 
  as far as i know tr is what stands for turkey , not tk . 
  so , please correct it . 
  conspiracy or not , i switched to swype and i am really happy about it . 
  it kicks swiftkey flow 's ass for real . 
  it is much more useful now . 
  that may be because i use my phone usually with my right hand . 
  i was always complaining about it being on the left , and i am happy to see it switched to right side . 
  it could be good to offer the option to move it to right or left to the user , though . 
  well i actually switched back . 
  my reason to switch to swype was the new features , combined with the great `` flowing '' capabilities . 
  but later , the app turned out to be * really * bad in tap typing . 
  it started to lag as hell , so i dropped it . 
  swype is still great when it comes to swyping , but if you want to type the traditional way , you will find out it is * really really * bad . 
  links are long gone . 
  purpose or not , there are some situations when you can not swype . 
  and swype can not even offer an acceptable experience with tapping . 
  it 's ... cm ... 
  using lg optimus g and i am in the same boat . 
  tried different apps but it 's a no go . 
  would be great if someone had a solution for that . 
  i have it , too . 
  seems to be up now . 
  optimus g or it did n't happen, 
  you do n't add any red text to a wallpaper of green arrow . 
  that just ... does n't make sense . 
  first they should fix the crappy predictions . 
  i can not stand it anymore , closing the auto-correction gives a better result . 
  swiftkey should fix its prediction !, 
  let 's hope they did n't forget optimus g and optimus g pro . 
  if they did , i 'm done with lg . 
  mediamonkey , perhaps . 
  no need for an n5 in that case . 
  for the us market , yes you might be right . 
  but other than us , n5 is not priced at that low level . 
  in my country difference between an optimus g and nexus 4 was about 50 $ with the optimus g being the more expensive one . 
  nexus 5 is not yet released here but when it is , i doubt it will be any different than g2 in terms of pricing since g2 is already priced about 200 $ below the average .
