  i think the camera itself is really capable and competent enough . 
  however the software side is ... meh , i do n't know not really powerful . 
  i mean , you can still get great shots with a bit of tinkering , but the super auto mode is really the part it fails . 
  for the most part it does the job well enough , but rest of the time it fails to be `` super automatic '' . 
  even when it does n't fail , it can not get the full out of the camera . 
  this phone can take great pictures but even the dilemma between 23 and 8 mp is troubling enough . 
  and the fact that manual mode does n't allow you to choose scenes in 23 mp does n't really help . 
  do n't get me wrong , i am really , really happy with my phone 's camera , i 'm enjoying it , but from an objective stand point , it is what it is . 
  sony really needs to revamp the camera software with the next update . 
  i do n't mean the ui or camera features though , they should focus on image processing and optimisations . 
  definitely . 
  but let 's be real here , this criticism is about being best of the best . 
  we are comparing lebron to kobe . 
  this is not about being a bad or good camera , this is about being the best . 
  the camera on this phone is still one of the best in the market , even with its software deficiencies . 
  to an average user this is still great . 
  so , there is no reason to be disappointed or whatever . 
  it 's just an objective criticism . 
  i am not saying this is a bad camera , i am not saying it 's not the best camera . 
  i am just saying it 's one of the greatest cameras with ups and downs . 
  beware the court of owls ,, 
  that watches all the time ,, 
  ruling gotham from a shadowed perch ,, 
  behind granite and lime . 
  they watch you at your hearth ,, 
  they watch you in your bed ,, 
  speak not a whispered word of them, 
  or they 'll send the talon for your head, 
  you can add the line `` qemu.hw.mainkeys = 0 '' to build.prop . 
  be warned though this sometimes causes bootloops on some devices . 
  alternatively you can install gravitybox , which has a similar function . 
  what 's your cpu ? 
  what 's your gpu ? 
  oh that 's great news to hear !, 
  i believe they would be fine , but do n't take my word on it and try at your own risk . 
  yeah snapchat is shit . 
  that 's actually a bug . 
  plot twist : the force falls back asleep, 
  uhm ... about that ... 
  critics decide whether it is fresh or rotten , not related to the rating . 
  some people report issues with key caps cracking underneath . 
  logitech says they solved the issue with new revisions but there is no way of telling . 
  i have n't experienced any issues so far . 
  ca n't really complain . 
  sorry , but how did it download the game in the first place if it can not write in the steamapps folder ? 
  i see . 
  unfortunately though , i 've already tried it with no luck :(, 
  mine starts camera in half a second from screen off if awake and 1-2 seconds if not . 
  i do n't know , could it be a bug , perhaps ? 
  nice shot !, 
  nice shot !, 
  nice shot !, 
  what a save !, 
  hello darkness my old friend ... 
  then they should be ready for an incoming flow of refugees . 
  yeah sony , great job . 
  add your two years old flagship to the beta program . 
  add your new flagship to the beta program . 
  but do n't add your last year 's flagship to the beta program . 
  because fuck me , right ? 
  fuck me because i did n't get a z3 or x performance . 
  fuck me because i 've got a z5 . 
  makes sense . 
  i would like to have stamina with better animations and perhaps vibration , but the new stamina mode does n't allow me to do that . 
  i know , right ? 
  just limit the background processes and give us the option to have at least animations and vibrations on . 
  just let me . 
  stamina mode i like it but it really bugs me to not have vibration or some smooth animations . 
  i do n't do anything special to reproduce it . 
  but i believe just turning on wifi is enough . 
  if you are affected by the bug , simply check your battery stats ; you will see some significant android os keep awake time . 
  he 's talking about the phone , i believe . 
  can you link the official bug tracker ? 
  btw , either it is not fixed or the fix has not been implemented yet by sony . 
  ( although i believe an update to google services should have done it . ), 
  yup . 
  simply turn off your phone and turn it back on . 
  you will notice in battery stats that android os no longer keeps the phone awake . 
  sad thing is , this only lasts until the phone is being charged . 
  except sony still did this when there was no talk of xperia x or any other . 
  or he might be referring to google backup . 
  he probably means turn off backup , reboot your phone and turn it back on . 
  but this did n't help me in solving the problem permanently . 
  check out [ this thread ] ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2786395 ), 
  try turning off google backup from backup and restore , reboot your phone and turn google backup back on . 
  i ca n't believe the level of conspiracy that is spread over this subreddit . 
  yeah , let 's find a couple who want to get out of the country ( who , also , probably have always wanted to do it anyway ) and say `` more and more people are starting to fear for their futures . '', 
  i 'm not buying . 
  the number of people who want to leave the country because of the coup-attempt is really , really low . 
  there is definitely no panic in the streets . 
  everyone continues their life as they did pre-coup attempt . 
  state of emergency literally have no effect on daily life . 
  travelled across three different cities since the coup-attempt and not once were i asked for an id check or anything . 
  seriously guys , the situation in turkey is not that bad ; at least it is not any different than what it was 10 years ago . 
  stop overreacting . 
  as long as you take the bait , these media outlets will keep making videos or articles like that . 
  do n't take the bait . 
  nice . 
  btw , they are not sacking or suspending people that are involved with the coup-attempt . 
  they are sacking or suspending people that are involved with the g\u00fclen cult , which is great news .
