  his point is , they did n't cut 37 minutes just to make it r . if they only wanted to make it r , a couple ( just saying ) of minutes would suffice . 
  for those thinking whatever or whoever this is is * actually * him or it , i 'd like to say you are wrong . 
  this is merely a projection , a hologram if you will , of probably steppenwolf . 
  check this excerpt from man of steel , you will see . 
  ( heart projection transforming into the baby ), 
  edit : whoops , forgot the link , here it is . 
  he certainly did * kill * \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  what does a digital cinema package mean by the way ? 
  that 's going to be a long shot but here goes . 
  in comics doomsday is a creature created by some alien scientist called bertron in order to achieve the ultimate man ( or something like this ) . 
  so this guy creates it leaves it into the wild and lets it die and revives it back ( rinse and repeat until evolved enough ) . 
  when it is finally perfect , doomsday goes and kills his creator because of all the torture he 's been through . 
  he ends up hating all life . 
  man of steel bluray had a video where you would see a line in kryptonian which said `` beware bertron 's curse , for he is named doomsday '' this confirms doomsday is a part of krypton history in this universe . 
  now what i 'm getting to . 
  maybe lex knew this aspect of doomsday and put his blood there just so doomsday would see lex as his kin and does n't attack him . 
  well , he was just firing back . 
  it was n't at carmageddon levels . 
  and he might just as well be ok with it as long as he is not the executioner since he is aware of what op 's talking about . 
  and for the record , he aimed at the car , not the guy . 
  it was a disaster they said . 
  it has nothing to do with easter they said . 
  but in the end all they get ,, 
  is talk shit and get rekt . 
  * supermanslaughter *, 
  i do n't understand the hate for this scene . 
  as someone who can see batman 's ( or bruce wayne 's ) obsession with his parents ( see the constant dreams he has ) and someone who carries a deep love for his mother ( who doesnt ? 
  ) , i totally understand him to stop and do everything in his effort to save supes ' mother . 
  i was really touched by the scene and i think it was one of the greatest scenes i 've ever seen . 
  edit : yeah , downvote me for my opinion . 
  nice job . 
  also martha would automatically die as a result of superman 's failure/inaction in lex 's eyes . 
  this scene is on its way to become this movie 's `` where were the other drugs going '' moment . 
  at this point , as long as it is not pure action and r rated stuff ( which i do n't think it is ) anything will make the movie better . 
  i am inclined to believe that especially after the communion scene . 
  what is the source of this screenshot ? 
  i know it 's batman v. superman and i know it 's batman 's intro to the movie . 
  i just wonder the source . 
  like , this shot was n't in trailers as far as i know . 
  did wb release this ? 
  is it a leaked shot ? 
  what is it ? 
  but it was the rating of people who wanted to see it . 
  i think * you * clearly do n't know how rt works . 
  bvs never had an audience score higher than 81 % on rt. 
  it dropped down to 72 now after more votes . 
  you might be disappointed in the movie , but i am not , we are not . 
  not everyone has to be . 
  please stop forcing people to say movie was bad . 
  it was not bad . 
  it was fucking good . 
  see ? 
  that 's my opinion . 
  you ca n't change that by trying to bash it in my face . 
  we have audience ratings from three sources including rt , imdb and metacritic and a box office record , and a fandango vice president saying `` 30 % more people are coming to see bvs for a repeat business compared to other blockbusters '' backing our point . 
  what do you have ? 
  critics ? 
  cinemascore , which is only limited to select us cinemas ? 
  please stop that . 
  well , that 's fair . 
  this . 
  i really do n't understand people 's hate for snyder or bvs superman . 
  they always wanted clark to be superman the moment he put on the cape , but that 's not how it works . 
  i am not a us citizen , however i regularly watch supergirl , flash and arrow tv shows . 
  everyone with adopted parents call their parents with their names . 
  nope , bvs set photos show the turret physically there . 
  nope . 
  suicide squad takes place after the events of dawn of justice . 
  here , i have this : http://moviepilot.com/posts/3809017, 
  kotor 2 , is that you ? 
  except there are characters raised as a baby , like oliver queen 's sister thea . 
  yet i crisply remember calling her father `` robert '', 
  maybe zack pulled it off ... in 3 hours . 
  * ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ hopeful *, 
  i wan na hug you . 
  most of the general audience did n't see any damage at all . 
  do n't ask me , i 'm all in for the 3 hour cut . 
  hell , i would love a 6 hour cut . 
  it definitely looks fake . 
  just `` it 's '' is enough for me to get that . 
  oh boy blackest night is amazing . 
  * `` boo-hoo the movie was a disaster , lex was horrendous he did n't have any motivation to hate superman :'( '' *, 
  seriously , the hell is wrong with you people ? 
  the way i see it , that whole `` let me get the kryptonite here so we can make weapons of it to use against superman if we need to '' part was just cover for the kryptonite to be at lexcorp . 
  he said that to get what he wanted from the government . 
  i never saw it as his motive . 
  he was trying to both prove that superman was a fraud and kill him . 
  he 's psychotic , he hates god , he hates superman . 
  it was a win-win situation for him , either superman kills batman or batman kills superman . 
  if supes killed bats , then it would n't matter if his mother 's life was at stake ; you can not tell that to people . 
  especially when you consider batman is a public figure , `` getting help from police '' and all . 
  if batman killed supes , then that was it , problem solved . 
  doomsday was the backup plan he came up with in the last second . 
  he learned about doomsday from kyrptonian archives , so he probably learned the disaster it caused back in krypton . 
  he thought , if a whole planet failed to stop it , one man should be easy . 
  to me , it never looked like lex called darkseid on purpose . 
  the bells were rung and he just witnessed it so he knows . 
  nice source . 
  justice awakens, 
   jesse eisenberg was just poor , poor casting,
