  hello there , dr. langstrom, 
  i mean , as long as it is priced accordingly , i do n't see any problem with it . 
  a card that is 10-20 % better than 1080 at the same price ? 
  why , it 's a nice deal !, 
  gaming 5 and k7 has both killer e2500 and intel i211, 
  this could be a long shot , but there is an ottoman archives office in istanbul . 
  i do n't remember its location though , perhaps look it up . 
  no big deal . 
  what is it used for ? 
  what did you wash it with ? 
  i mean , maybe they can pull a final crisis ( maybe in justice league 2 ) or endgame and kill bruce . 
  in the meantime they can discover other members of the bat-family and , later if affleck comes out to be up for it , they can bring him back from dead . 
  surely they did n't mind trick anyone but luke and anakin used the force with no training as well . 
  especially luke , who did amazing things with little to no training . 
  for them , all it required was to believe in the force and the rest followed . 
  it 's just the force is strong in some individuals like anakin , luke and finally rey . 
  it is turkish , but it 's so well known in the middle east and greece as well . 
  batman kills in all batman movies . 
  yet bvs batman is a problem because he does n't smile and have fun ? 
  or because it has brutal scenes ? 
  try looking for one rated for 3x the water you have instead . 
  also , the amount of water the filter can circulate per hour is important . 
  i have a jbl cristalprofi e1501 which is 1400 liters ( 370 gallons ) per hour for my 40 gallon ( 160 liters ) tank . 
  beware though these numbers are usually calculated when the canister is empty . 
  so , the numbers will go down with a full canister . 
  for example mine is around 900 liters per hour when the filter is full, 
  so , what '' i5 in production , i3 in gaming '' this time huh ? 
  how is that any different from banning genocide denial ? 
  now i 'm not saying that banning a term is ok , but people here are hypocritical for being against one ban and supportive of the other . 
  purchasing a freesync monitor is n't a mistake . 
  freesync does n't cost extra . 
  steam link supports the controller however not the usb wireless dongle . 
  so the options are ;, 
  a ) use it wired, 
  b ) get a xbox one s controller ( you know , the new white one ) so you can use its bluetooth feature to directly connect to link without a wireless dongle . 
  c ) virtual here, 
  down . 
  that 's good news . 
  although i liked lenovo 's ui . 
  i have a jbl cristalprofi e1501 and i 'm very happy with it, 
  actually no , it does n't go against the `` feeling smoother '' argument at all . 
  here is my experience ... 
  i had a 4790k oced to 4.5 ghz before i had ryzen 1700 . 
  the thing is , on some occasions my 4790k would run close to or at 100 % . 
  now i know 4790k is no 7700k , but they are not too far apart and while the frames are now roughly the same as 4790k , it 's smoother . 
  the reason is simple . 
  it 's real life usage . 
  i 'm not playing my games on pc that is purely gaming , there are tons of other applications running in the background and those applications and gaming were sometimes too much for the i7 . 
  with ryzen i have lots of headroom . 
  knightmare was just the existence that happened to be before flash decided he should pay bruce a visit . 
  it 's actually what encouraged flash to go back and warn bruce . 
  it actually makes sense since the whole reason the justice league is being gathered is because superman is not there to save the world so they are forced to unite . 
  they are not superman and they really can not save the world alone like he did before . 
  it 's there to make it clear that there are no protectors ( superman ) or lanterns in earth so the earth is vulnerable . 
  hmm what games are you trying it on ? 
  are they non-steam ? 
  i 'm alright with it early and mid game , but once both teams are full item , kills should mean more . 
  i do n't know how respawn times are calculated but for example after 10-15 deaths respawn time should soooo much longer . 
  will do, 
  what exactly is the anti algae stuff ? 
  are they chemicals or a uv filter ? 
  i do n't recommend using chemicals . 
  uv sterilisers on the other hand are safe , but they wo n't remove algae on the glass , gravel or basking platform . 
  they are for free floating bacteria in the water . 
  hmm , i do n't think any additives to water can remove hard algae ( what i mean is algae that covers the glass , gravel , platform etc ) . 
  they should be for any green water issues , however in that case it 's just better to use a uv steriliser . 
  the best way to solve algae issues is to reduce natural light exposure . 
  hey , at least dany addressed him as a king now . 
  that 's still a valid advice . 
  it 's never been though for the people who wanted to buy an i7 along with 1080 ti etc. 
  people used to and still do want to buy i7 with say gtx 1050 . 
  so the advice was `` hey , you should buy an i5 instead and use the money on gtx 1060 . '', 
  see ? 
  it 's not something people made up to make ryzen seem like the better option or something . 
  it was a valid point and it still is . 
  people are criticising other people for buying/recommending ryzen because `` suddenly they are a streamer '' , but you are no different in that 7700k is not a must for gaming . 
  not everyone likes to get the best available option . 
  they just want their money 's worth . 
  you do n't need 7700k . 
  7700k at some point will lose to ryzen 1700 . 
  not because of `` better optimisation '' though . 
  simply because there will be more cpu load , and with limited amount of cores i7 will start to bottleneck , while ryzen wo n't thanks to its 8 cores . 
  when ? 
  99 % of the people * are * on budget . 
  and there is still no tangible advantage to i7 over an i5 . 
  these results really do n't matter if you 're not buying a 1080 ti for 1080p gaming . 
  they are cpu bottlenecked in this case and although i understand it showcases the power of the cpus , it 's not like cpus are doing something special to push fps further . 
  and , it 's definitely not realistic . 
  7700k pushing 30 % faster in some titles ? 
  pff ... of course it will you are running 1080p with an overclocked titan x pascal ... 
  there is 30 % difference yes , but how many of you are actually going to use 1080 ti for 1080p gaming ? 
  and that 's just one game , on others the margin is not even that big . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  the actual use case of 1080 ti is either 1440p or 4k , in which there wo n't be that much of a bottleneck , if any . 
  and i would like to see then people recommending i7 over i5 . 
  people saying `` wow check that i7 now , it 's much more powerful than before '' with gtx 1070 , gtx 1060 , gtx 960 ... give me a break . 
  you can use two 7700ks at the same time and you wo n't see a difference . 
  we need to understand that it 's all about balancing each part out . 
  you buy i7 with a 1080 ti only to use a 1080p ? 
  that 's not really budget friendly .
