  and again , if the performance gain nvidia cards get is not as much as amd ones get or there are no improvements at all , things will be really , really bad for nvidia . 
  long story short , nvidia , in this case , can only cripple amd 's performance to a certain level , because nvidia 's priority should be proving to people that their gpus can also benefit from dx12 as much as amd cards did . 
  just curious , what will happen to a mechanical keyboard and what should be done to save it , if one is spilled coffee ? 
  i have a new g710 + , never spilled anything on any of my previous keyboards , yet i did have an idea on what could happen and what could be done if such an accident ever occured . 
  with mechanical keyboards though , i have no experience and knowledge . 
  thanks !, 
  the first one means that you are experiencing packet loss in your connection . 
  the second one , though , i do n't know . 
  i assume you use wireless ? 
  edit : i believe the second one means high ping . 
  i already have portal 2 so , rocket league, 
  uhm ... just so we can be sure , do you have your display cable plugged in to the mobo or the gpu ? 
  make sure it is on the gpu . 
  so , is it impossible to beat that after the endgame ? 
  i mean , because , there are no such chests in kaer morhen right now . 
  you should probably contact amazon and request your promotion code . 
  this is how i got mine ( although not amazon ), 
  i 've never had a problem with either brand 's drivers . 
  guess i am super lucky, 
  i do n't think we can say maxwell does n't support async compute , because though it is emulated , it is only partially emulated . 
  maxwell has async compute , but requires software assistance in order to work . 
  at least this is what i can understand from all this . 
  i partially disagree , as it is not all by software . 
  software takes care of something and then hardware comes in . 
  if it was fully emulated , then it would be possible to use it on all kinds of gpus, 
  mail app really needs an update, 
  my main issue with it is notifications . 
  compared to windows 8 , they are simply disastrous . 
  even though the mail app is set accordingly , notifications sometimes does n't work at all and rest of the time there are no pop-up notifications ( they just appear in the action center , without giving any important clue ) . 
  in windows 8 , i got notifications the moment a new mail arrived in my inbox . 
  ok mind this part of my post, 
  '' ... even though the mail app is set accordingly ... '', 
  i already set it for each account . 
  this is a bug in the mail app . 
  how did you get a new windows 10 key actually ? 
  can you elaborate the process ? 
  i 'm sure many will be curious . 
  here is my suggestion , not just for star wars , but for any movie/book/game that has kind of a twisted order like star wars . 
  always , always , watch/read/play in the release order first . 
  after you do it in the release order , go whatever way you like . 
  because doing it in a mixed order will definitely spoil things for a first-time watcher/reader/player . 
  and i think it is the best way to simulate the feelings the people experienced back when the content was released and it is also how the content creators want you to experience the content . 
  thanks !, 
  it is really surprising to see this , hopefully we can see more people being able to get new windows 10 keys like that . 
  they are most probably focused on async compute support . 
  that may be why it takes time . 
  more like darkseid, 
  ** bugs/not working **, 
  you tell me , 
  i remember buying fifa 14 this way and i am yet to be banned . 
  i also bought fifa 15 for a friend , he is yet to be banned as well . 
  turkish logitech user here . 
  +1 to this . 
  this problem still persists with the latest version . 
  it is really annoying to find my card heating more than it has to because firestorm changes fan control mode to manual from advanced . 
  great scott !, 
  there are alternatives for that . 
  i can not remember the name , but a software is sold via steam that can be used to stream in-home using an android phone or tablet . 
  sorry the name escapes me . 
  afaik , fx cpus start throttling at 72 degrees . 
  also maximum healthy temp has been stated to be 62 degrees by amd, 
  yeah but i think the resolution is what kills it for our n10s, 
  yes . 
  it 's 2560 * 1600 actually . 
  however hardware is having some hard time catching up with the resolution . 
  quite indeed , thing, 
  that way , i could have my own job !, 
  cheers, 
  strange , i 'm on windows 10 but i still have it . 
  i did n't have any addons , and on the bookmark side , i do n't think my bookmarks are so many that it causes a lag . 
  already on the latest . 
  gtx 980 with 358.50, 
  they 've found flowing chocolate on mars, 
  blue hood is real, 
  uhm , i 've got my tickets for 17th . 
  i live in turkey . 
  i have a friend who translated/is translating the movie for turkish dubbing , so i 'm pretty sure she 's seen it . 
  of course , she ca n't & does n't say anything about the movie . 
  my name is fallout 4 and i am the fastest game alive ... 
  i ended up using msi afterburner which is , unlike firestorm , a great software for the job . 
  no problems ever since . 
  i3 might be a problem , though i 'm not sure . 
  but i 'm pretty sure you will be fine with 4460, 
  what 's with the `` ball '' ? 
  i 'm a bit out of the loop here , sorry, 
  oh , thanks !, 
  or galavan tells bruce that it was him all along and goes on to say that some would say he 's the reverse, 
  i would really like to see some concrete proof of turkey supporting isis , other than `` x said y '' or some guy saying `` there are dozens of documents linking turkey and isis '' . 
  i do n't remember seeing or hearing any government officials being `` busted '' . 
  and ? 
  where is is in that ? 
  they were going to syria , this we know . 
  were they for is ? 
  that 's a question we do not have an answer to . 
  also , it 's not like the whole syria was being controlled by is back then . 
  i would say intel for both . 
  most probably another attempt to discredit turkey, 
  sorry , but did you read the article ? 
  there is just one sentence , throughout the whole article , which says anything about turkey and it is nothing but speculation . 
  there is nothing newsworthy in the article about the passports being made in turkey .
