  a couple of samples would help in determining whether you have a unit problem or not . 
  damn you barry . 
  is your drain caused by android os ? 
  what is the keep awake time of it ? 
  and how long have you been using the phone since unplugged ? 
  yes , i believe that is not normal . 
  android os should n't keep phone awake for 40 minutes . 
  i 've used about 20 % percent since the morning now but it 's already 40 minutes for me as well . 
  that indicates something is wrong . 
  for me , battery drain was also around 2-3 % overnight , but now it seems to be draining 2 % / hour when the screen is off . 
  that 's the bug 's doing . 
  if you set stamina to start working say , at 15 % , it should n't notify you when battery hits 30 % . 
  daydream should be in display settings . 
  you lucky bastard . 
  have an upvote . 
  yeah , their freedom of speech is a sham . 
  except the whole reason why they tolerate turkey is because they do n't want turkey to be allies with russia, 
  this was laggy and stuttery af when it was implemented for the first time for pascal . 
  back then i tried it via nvidia inspector and was disappointed , but the idea has always amazed me since . 
  now it works perfectly and it 's a godsend !, 
  i do n't have a gsync monitor but with an overclocked 980 and a full hd monitor , almost anything runs 60 + . 
  considering my monitor is 60hz , everything runs really , really smooth . 
  this should be default . 
  your guardian angels pkk killed civilians again !, 
  but nooo !, 
  this must be plotted by erdogan :( ( ( ( (, 
   pkk accidentally kill civilians, 
  cute . 
   the first car bombing hit a police station in the eastern province of van late wednesday , killing a police officer and two civilians . 
  at least 73 other people -- 53 civilians and 20 police officers -- were wounded , officials said . 
  try reading the article next time . 
  3 dead and 73 wounded . 
  2 of the dead and 53 of the wounded are civilians . 
  no , if your problem derives from this bug , doing it once should suffice . 
  if not , you are affected by a different problem . 
  try using betterbatterystats to check wakelocks . 
  definitely use better battery stats . 
  i 've found out my android os drain was caused by wlan_rx_wake , which was caused by logitech gaming software on my pc . 
  what i mean is that 's a pretty wide topic and you need detailed battery stats . 
  yup . 
  sounds crazy but apparently i forgot arx control 's `` auto find '' checkbox checked . 
  it constantly pinged the network in search of a client . 
  yeah because that one did n't fail . 
  so they were ok with it . 
  nice source . 
  you guys should stop and think for a second when every turkish person says the same thing . 
  turkish people are usually very divided when it comes to their political views . 
  have you served for turkish military force ? 
  have got experience on what it 's like to be a private in turkish military ? 
  if you do n't ( which is clear ) , you should stfu . 
  whether he is guilty or not , getting rid of g\u00fclen and his influence over the country is a good thing . 
  believe me , i am a chp voter and we have been warning people of g\u00fclen for more than 30 years . 
  we have always said he is a threat . 
  yea sure . 
  spent 6 years as a private . 
  it 's democracy when it helps the western agenda . 
  it 's not when it does n't . 
  it 's 50 dead now . 
  new statement . 
  it 's 50 dead now . 
  did you watch too much game of thrones by any chance ? 
  turkish weddings , especially the weddings of that particular region , are known to be quite crowded . 
  yes . 
  you can use your xbox controller with cemu . 
  why is that ? 
  sure , cemu does n't have a pre-set controller layout for xinput , but you would n't expect that from an emulator unless it 's an xbox emulator . 
  and since cemu properly recognises xbox controllers , the answer should be yes . 
  dude , i think he was being sarcastic with his comment ... 
  these always sound awesome with every android version released . 
  i feel really excited every time a new version is released . 
  then a stupid play services bug or a wifi bug appears out of nowhere that google decides it is low priority and the whole `` better battery life '' thing goes away . 
  `` hopefully it will be fixed next update . '', 
  for an amd optimised game , that 's pretty normal . 
  just like how nvidia gimps amd performance with gameworks , amd will do the same given the opportunity . 
  no company is saint . 
  at least that is my belief . 
  did n't say gameworks is not retarded . 
  about what opportunity are we talking about here , really ? 
  since when did amd have the majority of the market share ? 
  well , they do n't . 
  hence no opportunity . 
  also , it does n't require proprietary software to gimp others ' performance or optimize yours better . 
  proprietary software just makes it harder for the competition to optimize their drivers for it . 
  that 's not to say amd gimps others ' performance , though . 
  simple . 
  amd can not compete with nvidia at this moment with their current market share and architecture . 
  so going with proprietary software would hurt them even further . 
  btw , i 'm not saying amd is gimping nvidia 's performance right now . 
  but given the right conditions they will do it . 
  i did n't say amd is gimping nvidia . 
  what i 'm saying is that i wo n't jump into the `` x game shows 480 's true power as it is better than 1060 there ! '', 
  boat right away . 
  i am not saying amd is gimping nvidia , but it 's expected that they have a better performance than nvidia because the game is developed under their watch . 
  i wo n't assume amd had it developed so it will give the best performance on both amd and nvidia cards . 
  use it twice and it will be visible \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  voice recording only , with no way to prove it is legit . 
  that 's why no one cared about it . 
  did they rank first in world 's fair ? 
  getting a culture bonus ? 
  til .
