  never mind . 
  just remembered you guys do n't care about terrorists as long as the target is turkey and its people . 
  except turkey is a legitimate nato-member country . 
  pkk and isis on the other hand , they are terrorist groups recognised by the us , eu and many other countries . 
  so it 's just terrorists fighting terrorists . 
  i did n't say they should commit war crimes . 
  i recognise the contents of this video as a war crime . 
  on the contrary , i think they should have been tried fairly in a turkish court for their crimes against the republic of turkey and its people . 
  i made that explicit . 
  i just can not feel sorry for the terrorists and i think i have the right for that . 
  they are as good as dead to me . 
  who are you to tell me that i was talking about the title of the post ? 
  i was talking about the title of the article . 
  and there is no political bias . 
  pkk = internationally recognised terrorist group . 
  pkk member carrying weapons = internationally recognised terrorist, 
  in addition to the us , nato and europran union the following countries designated pkk as terrorists officially :, 
  australia , austria , azerbaijan , canada , czech republic , germany , iran , japan , kazakhstan , kyrgyzstan , the netherlands , new zealand , spain and syria . 
  and no , i do not support the turkish government . 
  being turkish does n't make you an akp-voter . 
  that 's not true . 
  turkey was not the shithole it is right now back when it joined nato in 1952 . 
  hey , i do n't want death penalty . 
  from the looks of it , she asses some serious kick . 
  you might wan na check your sources . 
  no one beheaded a turkish soldier . 
  edit : why are you downvoting ? 
  cutting someone 's throat and beheading are two different things . 
  699 is less than 700 though ??????? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ i 'll ^ ^ ^ ^ see ^ ^ ^ ^ myself ^ ^ ^ ^ out, 
  what exactly are you talking about ? 
  what 's going on ? 
  my zotac 980 was doing the same . 
  put a stick underneath it to prevent sagging , boom , temps went down from 85-90 degrees to 65-70 . 
  well , i actually have n't given any thought into the possibility of gpu being damaged/faulty . 
  i am still in the warranty period , but i 've removed and reinstalled the cooler numerous times and looked for anything wrong but did n't see anything wrong really . 
  you got me intrigued , really . 
  i will contact the warranty service in my country and see if they will replace it . 
  you bet . 
  i was actually pretty concerned about the sag when i first noticed it , but i always assumed it was because the cooler was very heavy and thought that the pci slot was somehow was not strong enough to keep it from sagging . 
  back then i removed and reinstalled the cooler part , checking for any seating issues or such . 
  it seemed fine . 
  still does . 
  i do n't know , everything felt so solid and in one piece that i just could n't find any reason to blame it on the gpu . 
  i even thought it was perhaps a design flaw . 
  but something must be wrong , really . 
  so it might be worth asking the rma service about this . 
  i do n't really want to send it before making sure that they think this is abnormal and they will replace it . 
  you are right , thank you . 
  i am not really worried about the lifetime of the card , however i am worried about the resale value of the card , as i have just purchased a free-sync monitor with plans to buy whatever amd releases to compete with gtx 1080 . 
  aoc g2460pf , right ? 
  that 's exactly the same monitor i purchased ( for 200 $ + 100 $ customs and shipping fee to turkey ) . 
  really happy with it even though i can not use free-sync just yet . 
  i really appreciate your comments & thoughts into this situation of mine . 
  hopefully what amd has to offer as an answer to 1080 will turn out great and we will be two happy guys with their high-end amd gpus . 
  this is exactly why i stopped playing a year ago . 
  funny how people downvote this . 
  hey , it 's human rights watch . 
  your favourite !, 
  tak has only been formed recently to cover up for pkk 's civilian killings . 
  however , pkk were killing civilians long before akp existed . 
  also , that apology is simply stupid . 
  they attacked the living quarters of the police force , which is a totally different set of buildings from the police headquarters . 
  policemen live there with their families . 
  it would be foolish to think that they were n't targeting civilians there . 
  everyone knows police living quarters not only include the police but their families as well . 
  that is like bombing a dormitory and apologising later for killing the students . 
  `` we wanted to attack the security personnel of the dorm , not the students , sorry . '', 
  edit : check the casualties . 
  5 civilians killed and 1 policeman . 
  so much for being unintentional . 
  this . 
  i just can not tell how true this is . 
  fuck erdogan and fuck the west even more . 
  they are not at all innocent . 
  that 's america 's problem , is n't it ? 
  also there is a difference . 
  the police are n't always in the living quarters . 
  instead , most of the time they are at the police headquarters , so from pkk 's perspective it would make more sense to attack the police headquarters if they indeed aim to attack the security forces and not the civilians . 
  what i mean is , they have many options . 
  they could attack security convoys , police headquarters , police posts etc. 
  but instead they chose to attack a building highly populated with civilians ( more so than the police , actually ) . 
  i did n't pick anyone , yet even if i did , i am an innocent and ordinary citizen who can be fooled . 
  the western leaders do n't have that luxury . 
  edited . 
  as long as the versions match , it should be . 
  thank you , sir !, 
  pkk does n't kill civilians in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
  that 's defective vram . 
  so , you have these extremist islamic maniacs who want to turn your country into a sharia ruled monarchy and you are trying to found a secular republic with respect to human rights and equality . 
  what are you going to do ? 
  good luck asking them to please show respect for human rights and equality . 
  you are actually losing drm with this method . 
  it 's just that kernel is drm-patched so it works like you did n't lose drm keys because it emulates the drm keys . 
  this is what happens when you release new skins and characters instead of fixing the core issues of the game . 
  matchmaking and late-joining mostly . 
  that 's true . 
  but it 's been like , years . 
  fixing things when the majority of players left the game is n't really the best thing to do . 
  i wish it can go back to its glory days and i want to be able to play it again , but i have no hope , really .
