  i believe she had an implant on her right ( ? ), 
  ear to make direct contact with the machine . 
  i believe the machine said they dug up her body to retrieve that implant . 
  i thought it was pretty obvious , nice find though !, 
  you can buy replacements from ebay . 
  the name escapes my memory i 'm afraid . 
  how about this ? 
  there should also be a variant named `` performance '' do n't know much about the difference though . 
  you 're welcome , 
  years ago i suffered from a similar type of impact , with similar amount of bleeding . 
  of course i have no memory of the event , however i was perfectly healthy a couple of hours later . 
  i could n't speak for like an hour after waking up , but everything turned out great later . 
  the point is , maybe he did n't die , who knows lol, 
  saves should be fine as long as you put them in their respective paths . 
  not sure what you mean by installing the mods , but if you use an already-with-mods installation of witcher 3 , mods will be carried as well . 
  yeah , as mods ( at least the ones i know ) are installed in a separate mods folder inside the the witcher 3 wild hunt folder , they should work without additional action . 
  there was cerberus, 
  i did n't like his supergirl but this ww looks like a perfect mashup of cinematic ww and cartoon ww, 
  savage, 
  turns out it was 1 hour and 41 minutes instead / s, 
  did n't she also share one with her ship ? 
  pretty sure i saw one . 
  not to discredit your opinion , but i am so tired of everyone dreaming to change the movie into something else , into their wet dream , like stuckmann did . 
  i mean , yeah these are great ideas and all , but let 's talk about what the movie was ; not about what it was n't or should have been . 
  star wars almost never had recognisable faces with great box office history , but check where that took it . 
  point is , recognisable faces and box office history does n't mean shit . 
  performances do . 
  wow , that 's a level of dumbness i have never seen before . 
  the ultimate cut is much much better than the theatrical cut if you 're interested . 
  what ? 
  like , really , all of my whats ... 
  i am not sure if you really used your eyes and ears during your watch . 
  i do n't want to go into much detail , but if the ultimate cut does anything , it 's that it fixes the pacing and editing issues , and gives some more story so we can actually understand superman 's motivation and lex 's plan and more . 
  ultimate edition fixes what is there to fix and believe me , there were many things to be fixed . 
  there are places ... 
  the movie feels refreshed right from the beginning , so yes !, 
  there is a mod that enables a merchant who sells all gwent cards in the game . 
  also , you can add it using a console command . 
  i do n't think snyder is to blame for saying the extra footage is a deeper dive into the world . 
  i mean , what else could he have said ? 
  `` yeah , we actually cut pretty crucial parts of the movie because wb wanted a shorter movie ... '' pretty sure that would cause trouble between him and wb . 
  you can . 
  http://www.nexusmods.com/witcher3/mods/1054/ ? 
  but i 'd recommend using the console command to get that one card missing . 
  even if you use the mod , it still has some missing cards , and you may end up having more cards than you are supposed to if you buy everything the merchant sells . 
  uhm ... the link directs to ... 
  yeah but now it looks like freeze is robin lol, 
  i always thought unite the seven as in `` seven seas '', 
  you are a witcher . 
  you are given a contract which says `` kill this guy and save that woman '' . 
  you do both and get the best ending . 
  how does that make no sense ? 
  uhm , that might not work but here is an idea . 
  use one of those programs that translate gamepad inputs into keys on keyboard , you know they use such programs for games with no gamepad support . 
  so if you configure this program exactly the same way on each end , you should be able to do what you intend to , i think . 
  depending on the brand of your tv , you can use android cast or lg miracast or lg smart share to send data to your tv . 
  i use lg smart share to stream any video files from my phone to my lg smart tv, 
  edit : over wifi of course, 
  naah , it was never banned . 
  if you think turkic people have no history of arts , food , culture , music then you have no idea about any of these things . 
  do some research , dude . 
  he also did some amazing stuff with person of interest . 
  well , what stops them from doing the same for cyborg ? 
  but that 's not the case . 
  it 's been stated here and everywhere a thousand times that the plane was warned for five fucking minutes after heading course to turkish airspace , then shot after not caring about the warnings and finally violating turkish airspace . 
  you think a pair of reviews could fool the world 's greatest audience ? 
  i ca n't believe it was so hard to find a comment like this . 
  i can not see how people can find bvs `` too serious '' and its plot `` lazy '' . 
  i guessed the ending of civil war the first time they showed that old video tape , where a certain couple are killed ; i mean it was so obvious to me i can not believe how people can call that a `` twist '' . 
  if anything it was outright clich\u00e9 . 
  however with bvs i never saw martha thing coming , although it being in front of our faces since the beginning of time and space . 
  not only did it ever occur to me as a fan of both characters that their mothers had the same name , but also i could have never guessed it would end up playing such a big role in the movie . 
  and no , the way it was used was not lazy , batman we have here is someone with heavy ptsd , it is pretty normal for a person like him to pause for a second and lose his control when he hears his mother 's name , which haunts him with every sleep . 
  and no again his mother 's name was not the reason he decided not to kill superman , it was only the reason for him pausing and thinking for a second . 
  these are my opinions , sorry they did n't make you happy . 
  it 's a flair, 
  they are basically flags or texts that can be used in subreddits . 
  you set it from the side bar of the subreddit , where options for subscribing etc. 
  are also present . 
  he is a known troll , do n't mind him really, 
  i see where you 're coming from but it feels pretty cool actually once you know that is how a motherbox sounds in the comics . 
  no one deserves this . 
  let 's keep this from becoming a turkey-shitting post and focus on the event . 
  yeah . 
  i am here , accidentally alive because i decided to cancel a flight and you telling me turkey is moving backwards does not really help . 
  i am also aware that turkey is going backwards , but before discussing that please let me catch a break and think about why i am alive while people are dying . 
  yeah you are right , i am a bit emotional at the moment , so i am sorry for that . 
  thank you . 
  the policeman on the corner shoots him , that 's why he falls . 
  currently the official number is 31 . 
  yeah you can . 
  but i remember opening my luggage because of a cpu cooler . 
  they wanted to see what it was . 
  also they make you turn your laptops and tablets on before entering . 
  i mean , i am ok with being patient , and i will be ; however , i am starting to run out of patience . 
  i love the game , but i have n't been playing it for the last four months or so because it lacks a proper matchmaking system . 
  it 's not that i did n't notice the issue . 
  i noticed it , always have , but i was rather ignorant about it but one day i felt i just could n't stand it anymore . 
  it has been more than four months since i stopped playing but before then it was n't like i was playing everyday . 
  i played a couple of matches , then got frustrated and did n't play for a couple of months and suddenly i remembered how great a game it was and played again only to get frustrated once again .
