  jesse played the character he was asked to play just great . 
  it 's the character that bothers you , not the actor . 
  it 's amazing after he says `` what will you become ? 
  '' , `` rogue one '' comes up in the screen as if that was the answer to the question . 
  ~ ~ guess we will finally end the debates for async compute ~ ~ . 
  i thought this was a driver * with * vulkan support , not a vulkan-only one . 
  i might be wrong though . 
  either way , it should be pretty much the same thing i guess . 
  even if it had , aots benchmarks would still be the same because it has a vendor code which disables async compute when an nvidia card is recognised . 
  hmm , i assumed they were n't , thanks for clarification . 
  did n't a developer himself say that in a forum ? 
  that they had to implement a vendor specific code that disables async compute for nvidia , because without driver support , it just messed things up ? 
  i think he is going to reveal that he has dialogue in this one . 
  it 's something generated by the program as far as i know . 
  you might say he is the reverse ... 
  that is kind of the point . 
  do you want to watch a gotham that desperately needs batman ? 
  or a gotham that can stand on its feet but slowly losing the power to do so ? 
  do you want to see how gotham is desperate without batman , or do you want to see gotham become a city that needs batman ? 
  if batman was n't unnecessary , he would show up . 
  but he is now . 
  i think your criticism would be justified if this was the last season of the show . 
  uhm ... what is this , exactly ? 
  hi , did you solve this issue somehow ? 
  i 'm on a g3-based rom with my optimus g and i have the exact same problem . 
  a friend of mine also has a g3-based rom on its g2 and he has the same problem as well . 
  and that did it ? 
  thank you , sir !, 
  by the way , i do n't know if this has been said , but you can use apps like google play store , youtube and chrome in windowed mode by switching the `` open in fullscreen mode '' switch from the app settings of the particular app . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's possible for a digital cable to cause such a defect . 
  i assume you are sure this does n't show up in screenshots ? 
  well , you said you have 3 monitors which will give you 3 cables and many combinations . 
  to me it feels like a problem on the panel side but who knows , you got ta give it a go . 
  and if it is still there , there does n't seem an option other than rma'ing the thing . 
  what is there to fix with youtube ? 
  they can actually be windowed . 
  see , there is an option for each app in the application settings that lets you `` open in full-screen mode '' . 
  for some apps , this option comes switched-off ; however for others like youtube and google play store , it is switched-on by default . 
  if you go to settings and switch it off , both google play store and youtube work just fine in windows . 
  the os does n't let you know about this with a tutorial or anything , so i guess that 's why the reviewer missed it . 
  spoilers, 
  you probably hit djikstra when you went to him to get philippa instead of talking to him . 
  are you sure this is backlight bleeding ? 
  it kinda looks like ips glow to me . 
  to understand if it is ips glow or not , see if these bleeds change shape or disappear when looking from different angles . 
  if not , yeah definitely rma it . 
  lol keep dreaming boy, 
  woah there , bruce ? 
  how come i did n't see these before :o, 
  this show has started to just nail everything . 
  i 've become really fond of it but i hope they do n't give us any more joker origin stories . 
  i do n't want him to be created by strange . 
  flashing 4.1.2 stock kdz and then 4.4.2 stock kdz solved my issue . 
  sometimes a bad movie is just a bad movie for you , and others can see some things that you did n't / could n't see in them . 
  and that is totally fine . 
  i think according to one storyline , vandal savage was exposed to the material that created lazarus pits . 
  however what vandal was exposed to was raw and the material in the pits was deteriorated and that causes the pits to only have limited capabilities . 
  while pits prolong a person 's life and heals them , their original source material , or raw form , could make someone immortal , without the need of a pit . 
  aaaand , that 's why i think savage would come victor . 
  you can try turning off forced resolution and making the game full screen in your 1080p desktop . 
  i can not download forza hub , windows store says `` forza hub is not available at this time . '', 
  correct !, 
  it sounds a lot like qix however , with the help of my friends , i 've found that the game i was looking for was a variation of volfied ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxumvqkld7o ) . 
  i 've searched for 3d volfied , and voila , airxonix was what i was looking for !, 
  do n't take my word for it , but as far as i know , when you overclock a maxwell card , it changes the whole voltage table ( maxwell cards have a voltage table in their bios , which assigns a voltage value for each clock ) . 
  so say if you up your oc 100 mhz , all clocks including 2d clocks increase by 100 mhz . 
  however , because you do n't do your oc in bios , voltage numbers will still be the same , and that may cause instability on lower clocks . 
  so that * may * be the reason why you 're getting a crash , however as i said before , do n't take my word for it and try the stock clocks first , see if there is another source for the problem . 
  you should try that , of course . 
  it does n't make pci-e devices go faster . 
  it does make the pci-e itself go faster , which is compeletely unnecessary since pci-e 3.0 has huuuuuge bandwidth . 
  see , it can be used to increase the bandwidth slightly , but most of the time ( as long as you do n't use , say , a pci-e ssd that pushes the limits of pci-e ) it has absolutely no benefits at all . 
  even when there are benefits , they are little and not worth the risk , as overclocking pci-e affects every device that uses the pci controller . 
  also they are not very overclockable . 
  perhaps try using x360ce, 
  they are terrorists . 
  do n't really care about that part . 
  yeah , sure man . 
  i believe you . 
  i meant , sure , that 's ok , 
  `` uncle owen !, 
  this r2 unit has a bad motivator , look ! '', 
  tell that to ~ ~ zod 's snapped neck ~ ~ shireen 's burnt body !, 
  * my apologies . 
  who has the authority to make snow stark ? 
  i want to know because reasons ... 
  the last time i heard , the voluntary guy had so much support from the audience ( most of who pirate the show ) that they officially hired him to attract people to tv . 
  yeah , hop into your time machine and go back in time because you 'll have a hard time finding a city called constantinople in 2016 . 
  * who am i ? 
  none of your business *, 
  * stop asking questions !, 
  meanwhile , i 'm more excited about the new version of firestorm ... wonder if they fixed its stupid issues . 
  for now , it seems rather problematic than great . 
  for me , it works , kinda . 
  it seems to be capping the framerate to multiples of 60 . 
  also it stutters every once a while . 
  i recommend switching to borderless window until nvidia fixes fastsync for everyone . 
  uhm , yea , it seems to be a p100 indeed . 
  totally worth it . 
  you definitely do n't need to lower down any settings etc.
