  i bet shutter speed too is the same , yes ? 
  nope , just like / u/flarkey stated , i was mentioning manual shutter speed and focus . 
  chances are something went wrong during the update . 
  i would plug the phone into the wall charger and make a repair from pc companion . 
  good luck . 
  hopefully they will add these features with the upcoming updates . 
  someone from r/android says :, 
   camera seems much better - the noise reduction has been massively improved . 
  i ca n't test day time photos out until tomorrow ( sun has gone to bed ) but indoors poorly light are pretty solid . 
  the app also seems to launch quicker . 
   aka , i think sony have finally given us the post-processing algorithms used on the xz because the sensors are identical . 
  also someone from xda says :, 
   nice update.still regred for manual camera settings . 
   what is change :, 
   1 . there is no more small icons , just big , in stock launcher . 
   2 . manual camera interface is somehow changed ( options for exposure and wb ), 
   3 . sistem icon for battery changed ( now is horizontal look ), 
   4 . settings menu changed , now has more options in root . 
   5 . standard android n changes for customization status bar and notifications . 
   6 . multitasking with dual window, 
   7 . shutter lag is almoust gone, 
   8 . now is possible to change iso values in high 20 and 23 mpx resolution . 
   9 . fingerprint sensor its now more responsive , works really great . 
  i want to believe . 
  why does nobody talk about the camera ? 
  flashtool . 
  there was already a firefox extension for it , pretty sure there is one for chrome as well . 
  follow this guide : https://forum.xda-developers.com/xperia-z/general/tutorial-how-to-flash-stock-roms-t2240614, 
  i just installed the update . 
  no manual controls in the camera . 
  however otherwise it is the same as the xz one . 
  you can change iso at higher resolutions etc. 
  picture quality is better especially in low light photos . 
  shutter lag is still there ( unfortunately ) , however it 's almost zero when there is enough light . 
  in low light , shutter lag is still little to non-existent , but focusing takes a bit of time . 
  otherwise solid update . 
  phone got snappier . 
  everything , including camera is faster . 
  multi-window works perfectly . 
  i just hope sony gives manual controls with a future update . 
  it 's nice , but i think gboard takes the lead . 
  not replying from xda since i 'm replying here :p, 
  after confirming autofocus , capturing is almost instantaneous . 
  so no problems there . 
  digital zooming does n't seem any different . 
  if there is any , it is probably due to improvements in the picture quality . 
  did n't test it so much so do n't take my word for it though . 
  you can still enable it from system ui tuner if you want . 
  i 'd go for the g-sync, 
  try / r/sonyxperia, 
  sorry , what is vas ? 
  it would be nice to find replacements for your friends , too . 
  i agree , here is an upvote . 
  i think what he means as a meme is `` imam hatipler kapat\u0131ls\u0131n '', 
  share full specs please . 
  pretty sure that cpu is a bottleneck for your 1070 but it should not bottleneck it down to 30 ~ fps . 
  are you using ubersampling in the game ? 
  if so , i would turn it off since it 's kind of a pointless feature to have little to no visual improvement for so much performance loss . 
  `` ubersampling : high quality rendering mode under which whole scenes are rendered multiple times to provide the best possible textures , object details and anti-aliasing ( superior to anti-alias and anisotropy even on the highest settings ) . 
  please note : option designed for powerful , next generation systems !, 
  use with caution , only on top-end computers ( best possible in terms of both gpu and cpu ) . '', 
  - from readme.txt, 
  so i do n't know , perhaps it has to do with cpu as well . 
  still though , even with ubersampling off , you should n't be getting 55-60 fps . 
  i was getting 80-100 with my old r9 290x with fx 8350 ( ubersampling off ) . 
  i would advise you check your gpu and cpu usages along with your temps using msi afterburner or such . 
  welcome to laser cut channeeeel, 
  would be much more useful to also monitor your cpu usage , cpu temps and gpu utilization ( gpu usage ), 
  definitely . 
  i ca n't go beyond 4.5 ghz ... 
  yes . 
  the flight pack bundle does not include the usb adapter . 
  it is only included in the package where they sell the pedals on its own . 
  you can check your pedals from the `` axis - pedals '' section on the screenshot . 
  there is no performance benefit . 
  it 's just that with the usb connector the pedals will be registered as a seperate device , which is not really necessary since they do n't replace any axis on the throttle . 
  the updater ... is the same for me . 
  same error . 
  do n't really know . 
  did n't really bother with it since everything works perfectly already . 
  i have found out that loosening that screw reaaally helps with this problem . 
  of course , in my opinion , a better than factory grease will provide the best results with the screw tightened . 
  turkish native here ; can confirm this document is the source . 
  the relative part is here :, 
  translation ;, 
   according to the `` understanding turkey guide '' that includes the research conducted by ispos in turkey , 2016 with 13,799 people from 34 provinces , 49 % of the population never go to cinema ; 39 % of them never read books ; 66 % have never participated in any activity like opera or theatre ( plays ) ; 81 % do not play any instruments ; 57 % never watch any shows or movies from vcds , dvds , or online ; 47 % never read magazines ; 86 % have never participated in a hobby class . 
  the most common activity is watching television with 85 % . 
  `` it was really a fun flick . 
  i loved it '' ~ 90 percent of the rt reviews on bvs with this soundtrack . 
  i do that since the first release version and no problems so far ... 
  yup , that 's me . 
  i already have a 4790k and while i want to switch to amd , my budget will only allow me to switch to amd on the gpu side and 4790k will probably be enough for me for a long long time . 
  that would be the day after though, 
  here comes the i7 ( 4c/8t ) killer for half the price . 
  ohhh yisss . 
  ugh ... what a butthurt . 
  correct me if i am wrong but as far as i know they do n't have to be defective . 
  i mean yes , there is no seperate production line for lower core cpus , but if the production is efficient enough , they wo n't have that many processors with defective cores etc. 
  so what i am trying to say that altough r5 and r3 are simply the same as r7s , they may still be binned well enough so they can hit higher clocks than r7s thanks to the disabled cores leaving more headroom . 
  to give an example i had an athlon ii x2 255 back in time .
