i was able to buy with bluecoins for 1.40 $ actually . 
  nothing happens , i 'm in the same boat , and pressed that button a couple of times earlier . 
  i had gifted one for myself from the four pack deal , now its serial is here !, 
  6 is enough i think . 
  i had 4 and gifted 3 of them to other accounts and i do n't think i will file for a dispute . 
  the price for the other two you have is still 11 $ , which is still a pretty good deal , though . 
  you are right actually , you know as one said in past comments , they should at least leave one bundle in each account . 
  because i think rather than people who bought 1 or 2 copies of this bundle , it 's those who bought 5 or more copies that causes the pain in their asses . 
  it gives two seperate keys , i guess . 
  the thing about the bethesda thing is that they , at first , told people that they were going to honor the purchases but now they are telling that they are going to take the copies and make a forced refund for the orders . 
  there are two things that make people upset and angry . 
  one , what they do is actually illegal . 
  but okey , we can understand that they are in a bad situation and they have nothing but to cancel all orders . 
  the second , and this one is the most important i think , is that they actually said that they will honor the bethesda packs . 
  people passed on other good deals on other dd sites thinking they already have skyrim , for example . 
  one week later they come and tell that they will not honor the orders . 
  now that 's not good . 
  while the first one is acceptable , the second is not a customer would like to be through . 
  `` please bear with us and forgive us for this disappointing error . '', 
  well it 's kinda sorry , i think . 
  i do n't think they are really out of keys but rather i think they have little and they want to reserve these keys to the normal priced sales so that new - proper - purchases will not be affected . 
  edit : but of course , what they do now is illegal either way . 
  looks like you were just late to click `` show serial key '' button since so many people having bl2 like this have their serials available now . 
  yea a lot of people , including me . 
   it may take up to a few days before you recieve your serial key . 
  a few days ? 
  mmm , what happened to the `` january '' ? 
  what if i gifted 3 copies of my bl2 to my friends and while they have their keys , i do not ? 
  hey guys , seriously , i gifted 3 copies to my friends , they have their keys now but my game is removed from my shelf . 
  what should i do ? 
  the thing is i do n't have the game in my shelf . 
  so the new code is elder-geek . com instead of iamaneldergeek ? 
  can this greenish look indicate that google will be using a green-based theme in the next version of android , such as 5 ? 
  facebook, 
  no , you do n't have to be . 
  you can simply register for free . 
  you can create an account with your e-mail . 
  $ 34.95 for me :(, 
  i 'm translating it to turkish . 
  do n't think it 's an overload . 
  facebook and twitter could handle the entire turkish population , as they did before . 
  this is different , not a complete blockage , but it 's in and out every second . 
  there was no coverage on the first day . 
  i mean yesterday . 
  today , after the reaction of the people , they started to broadcast . 
  i was following the events through twitter and i have never seen a post including kalashnikovs , or people being hanged . 
  there is also not any `` corpse '' photo . 
  we do n't want blood !, 
  we want freedom !, 
  police , attacking a law-respecting protest is not ok !, 
  the picture we see might not be good but it 's the result of unfair actions of police forces . 
  this photo is not `` photoshopped '' . 
  this is real . 
  i meant any ps ` ed photos . 
  it was not enough . 
  compare with cnn international 's . 
  cnn turk was just `` mentioning '' . 
  make a research , watch past videos , learn past events . 
  in this video , there is not , in the earlier videos , there was . 
  in gezi park , people were protesting , under police control . 
  at first , it was peaceful . 
  the protest continued . 
  but at night , while people protesting were sleeping in their tents they set up , police gas bombed the place , waking them up and making them get out of their tents . 
  after that , they started to ignite the tents . 
  there were absolutely no clashes , fights or nothing before that . 
  you lack the knowledge of the past of turkey . 
  it is well-known that `` metal '' fragments was found in his head , but whether these are pieces of a bullet or not is not clear . 
  antakya , turkey . 
  https://fbcdn-sphotos-g-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-prn2/10539_614008421942582_1874471388_n.jpg this is where he was killed . 
  ( nsfw ), 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/turkce/haberler/130603_turkiye_eylemler_canli_anlatim.shtml#ws_tc2_livetext_25083380_turkish this is another link , a live feed by bbc turkish . 
  you can use google translate . 
  the city governorship has made a press statement saying `` as a result of a fire opened by a person whose identity is not clear yet , our citizen abdullah c\u00f6mert was injured badly . 
  the injured citizen could not be saved in spite of all the effort that was made to save him . '', 
  according to the city governorship of hatay ( antakya ) , he was shot by an unidentifed gunman . 
  i just wanted to say the governorship is telling this . 
  i know , and knew that this is being told delibaretaly . 
  i 'm from istanbul and i know what happened and is happening here , so i can guess . 
  no , unfortunately not . 
  this is how it was reported . 
  i also believe he was shot by a policeman . 
  i just wanted to give info . 
  it 's been told many times that this is not about just a park . 
  no , unfortunately this is not right . 
  you are wrong in this . 
  first of all , it 's not about loving him , or not . 
  it does not have anything to do with it . 
  majority elects the prime minister , but he should be the prime minister of the whole people of his country , not just the `` majority '' . 
  the so called majority is about % 49 . 
  and i can tell you that even some people that voted for him are on the streets right now , not to mention all the `` people from all walks of life . '', 
  these include people supporting different parties , with different ideologies , with different nationalities . 
  what erdogan acts like is like he is the prime minister of this % 49 , ignoring the other people . 
  he said `` whatever they do , we will continue the project . '', 
  as a pm , you ca n't say that . 
  he called the people drinking alcohol , `` alcoholic '' . 
  when asked `` are people drinking alcohol but at same time voting for you are alcoholic , too ? 
  '' , he replied : `` no , not these people . '', 
  he called gazi mustafa kemal atat\u00fcrk , the founder of republic of turkey , `` drunkard '' . 
  he called the people on the streets `` looter '' . 
  he always acted like he was not the pm of the whole people , but of the people who voted for him .
