  no improvement in terms of memory speed , but it appears bclk freaking out by moving mouse is now fixed . 
  also xmp results in soft brick . 
  please tell me your memory is ver4 .24, 
  i wonder what gigabyte was thinking while designing that monstrosity that is their efi ui ... 
  he is creating a negative opinion about turkey so he can talk against the negativity to increase the support for him in turkey . 
  i think it 's the game that is cheating , not him/her . 
  i have a friend who bought the same duo . 
  you can boot just fine , no worries . 
  the way i see it , it 's as unique as running the game at 720p with lowest settings possible . 
  whoops ... 
  whoops ... 
  whoops ... 
  so nexus 5 is an old phone now ? 
  damn ... 
  try borderless/fullscreen, 
  i doubt it has anything to do with bios . 
  i believe it 's related to nvidia 's dx9 drivers for gtx 10 series . 
  please check this post and its comments : https://www.reddit.com/r/amd/comments/64qns3/the_amd_ryzen_5_1600x_vs_core_i5_review_twelve/, 
  well , i 'm not giving that guy a click ... 
  check the photo . 
  version is next to the voltage . 
  in this case it 's ver4 .21 . 
  could you check your ram version ? 
  hey , try with higher ram and soc voltage . 
  try 1.45 for ram and 1.20 for soc, 
  i 'd say that much of a variance can be expected . 
  but , 1.40-1 .45 are pretty safe voltages for ddr4 ( just do n't go 1.5 ) , so just put it 1.40 or 1.45 to make sure enough voltage is fed to the dram . 
  at the same time you will learn whether your mobo gives the specified voltage or not . 
  if not , i 'd update the bios or revert back to an older version . 
  is the xmp profile enabled ? 
  perhaps disable to bypass any forced-voltage . 
  gigabyte should have made that south bridge cooler white too . 
  interesting , could be a bios issue then . 
  i am not quite sure , i am afraid . 
  gigabyte gaming 3 has alc1220 and it is absolutely a beast . 
  do n't know about the alc1150 , but 1220 is really nice . 
  i 'd say give that a go . 
  i leave it off . 
  i do n't think you would feel the difference , though . 
  what is your mobo ? 
  perhaps ask other people with the same mobo if they have the same issue ? 
  i would n't worry too much , though . 
  i do n't see how a hardware defect can limit dram voltage to 1.344 . 
  it probably has to do with bios . 
  hmm , he did n't seem to share his dram voltage , but perhaps he can help . 
  i doubt it 's related to ram . 
  on the contrary people can use 5.39 at xmp . 
  i 'd suspect some other thing , of course it may be faulty ram too, 
  sorry but i ca n't understand the issue here . 
  i 've finished andromeda with steam controller though . 
  oh , now i get it . 
  i do n't know ... 
  in my case i can aim with gyro or right pad as a mouse while holding left trigger for sure . 
  dunno about other combinations though . 
  no buzzing with sound card . 
  my friend had a weird buzzing like that , like a coil whine with gpu loads , i have no idea whether it was ever resolved or not though . 
  my z5 is as good as my sister 's iphone 6 plus ... 
  hey , i think you 're guaranteed to hit 3.8 ghz and you have really high chance you can hit 3.9 with a reasonable amount of voltage . 
  if you want 1700 , just go with it . 
  oc to a reasonable level is easy . 
  it 's 77 % at the specified voltage . 
  your chances of running 3.9 is much higher with some voltage . 
  yup . 
  the only time i 've seen my i7 struggle was when i was streaming rainbow 6 while playing it 144hz . 
  and that was 4790k . 
  excess voltage shortens the cpu 's life time . 
  up to 1.45 v you should be fine . 
  enjoy !, 
  k7 has an external bclk generator . 
  that 's the only difference . 
  yes , actually he later edited the post and added p-state overclocking . 
  here is the original post :, 
  wish i could drop in and give you guys a new bios but i do n't have them yet latest word is they are working on a new set with agesa 1006 ... 
  i am pushing as hard as i can to get you guys something new to test as soon as its ready . 
  just wanted to say that we are working on it ( i know that phrase gets old - trust me i am a user/gamer/enthusiast too ) but me going to dreamhack ( for work not as a participant ) does n't stop the bios team or engineers from working on the code ;-), 
  just to recap these are the issue being worked on :, 
  * for those looking for iommu fixes we are hopefully going to have an option to force boot off a specific pcie slot . 
  its not the grouping fix , but a work around for now . 
  * disable lan ( per request ), 
  disable audio ( per request ), 
  `` rom image update '' ( being worked on with ami , no eta ), 
  cold boot / wont boot . 
  have to re-flash bios . 
  ( people have referred to this as `` soft brick '' ), 
  * agesa 1006 - improve memory ( got high hopes for this one . 
  going to enable 20 + memory register ), 
  ( edit ) p-state overclocking / downclocking while overclocked . 
  * should be included in next round of beta bios - but no promises , just the latest i heard from our bios guys . 
  check it for yourself : http://forum.gigabyte.us/thread/886/am4-beta-bios-thread?page=46, 
  yup . 
  that was the reason i switched to an i7 4790k from an i5 4690k . 
  hi , new pro owner here . 
  i like the ability to hide nsfw previews but i do n't know why this option also hides previews in nsfw subs as well . 
  i 'd like to have nsfw previews hidden when in for example / r/all or other subs that are not nsfw tagged but occasionally include them , but not for the subs like / r/nsfw that are obviously nsfw and tagged that way ( slide for reddit actually does this ) . 
  why in the hell are people downvoting this to hell ? 
  is n't it possible he has an issue ? 
  that 's not true . 
  i have 4.24 and it 's samsung e-die . 
  i did n't even know there was a 4.31 . 
  5.39 is hynix .
