  if it 's for example not programmed to use more than 4 cores , it does . 
  to fix that , do this : https://i.imgur.com/1rsdpul.png, 
  yup !, 
  same . 
  i tried installing the drivers from realtek instead of gigabyte and it seems to have improved . 
  but the problem persists . 
  hmm ... what is your hd audio driver version ? 
  what is your case and headphone model by the way ? 
  hmm ... 
  interesting . 
  what do you think ? 
  i was thinking maybe a hardware failure , but this just seems too common to be a faulty audio chip . 
  plus , after trying different drivers such as microsoft default , gigabyte pg 454 and realtek 's latest drivers , it appears that drivers have a part to play in this , as realtek 's drivers seem to be the least problematic . 
  maybe related to the bios issues ? 
  hpet ? 
  the case is corsair carbide 400r . 
  i am not sure how i route the front panel header . 
  it 's from the right side of the case , that i know of . 
  i will try to change its routing and see if it has any effect . 
  by the way , i have disabled hpet and now the crackling is now less often ... 
  i do n't know how it relates to hpet though ... 
  edit : now i have rerouted the front audio cable to pass through inside the case directly to the front audio header . 
  this definitely removed the static noises i heard even from moving my mouse but the crackling issue is still present , unfortunately . 
  i think it might be a driver issue . 
  the issue seems to go away when i put the volume to 100 % from windows mixer . 
  interesting ... 
  happy for you . 
  i think that will be my last ever gigabyte board . 
  my previous gigabyte board also had a sound issue and now this ? 
  i am done . 
  hopefully this is not a hardware problem but a bug . 
  otherwise i 'm gon na have to rma . 
  i am so sick of having to rma everytime i buy a gigabyte motherboard . 
  hmm ... 
  so asus acknowledges the issue and hopes to fix it via a bios update ? 
  i 've just made post on their official forums , let 's see what they will respond with ( if they do ) . 
  do you by any chance use any extension cord for your headphone ? 
  i 've found the crackling issue seems to go away without it . 
  there is no issue on the rear ports even with the extension cord , though . 
  i think that might be driver issue . 
  it seems to stem from the `` smart headphone amp '' settings in the realtek software . 
  i do n't know what headphone you use on your setup , but i was using kingston hyperx cloud with the extension cord only and the `` smart headphone amp '' setting was selecting level 1 . 
  when i tried my edifier m3200 2.1 from front panel it selected level 3 and there were no issues . 
  i also tried my brainwavz earphones and my xperia z5 's factory headphone , there were no issues . 
  when i tried my hyperx with its [ controller ] ( https://ae01.alicdn.com/kf/htb1nlzvnpxxxxbgxpxxq6xxfxxx4/kingston-hyperx-cloud-core-gaming-headset-suitable-for-computer-phone-tablet-headphones-with-microphone-have-volume.jpg ) , smart headphone amp recognized the headphones as level 3 and there are so far no issues whatsoever . 
  i think i 've found a workaround !, 
  fiddling with settings and extension cables , i have found out that whenever realtek audio sets smart headphone amp to level 3 i did n't have any issues . 
  but i have also found that realtek audio never set it to level 3 if i connected my headphones directly to the panel . 
  so ... what i do is connect the extension cable first ( without the headphones connected to the extension ) and then , i connect my headphones to the extension cord . 
  this way , realtek audio always sets it to level 3 !, 
  and no distortions !, 
  hi fellas , greetings . 
  i have a distorted sound problem that i can not figure out at all . 
  i have a pc with a gigabyte motherboard ( ax370 gaming 5 ) , which is brand new and a kingston hyperx cloud , an edifier m3200 2.1 speakers , brainwavz m5 earphones and a sony earphone that came with my z5 . 
  here is the issue : when i connect my hyperx cloud to my pc , i hear distortions in the background especially on low volume levels . 
  for example when i do a stereo sound test from windows , when the test plays on the left speaker , i hear distortions from right and vice versa . 
  this is hyperx . 
  however , with my edifier m3200 and other two earphones there are absolutely no issues whatsoever . 
  but , hyperx has also no issues with anything else ( so far i was able to try with my monitor and my phone ) . 
  so , who do you think is to blame here ? 
  how so ? 
  did you also try with other headphones , speakers etc ? 
  i only have problem with my hyperx cloud, 
  can you elaborate ? 
  how to prevent this ? 
  hmm , i wonder if there is a registry edit or any config file for this option ... 
  i do not have that option since the mobo features two separate audio chips for front and rear panels . 
  i have tried with this drivers ( http://drivers.softpedia.com/get/sound-card/realtek/realtek-hd-audio-driver-6017867.shtml ) and so far , so good . 
  no crackling , no distortions . 
  only when use the extension cable , the driver detects the wrong level of impedance on headphones , which leads to crackling , but other than that , everything seems to sound solid . 
  i 'm in the same boat with corsair vengeance lpx 2x8 3200 ( samsung b-die ) and a gigabyte ax370 gaming 5 . 
  guess our only hope is a bios update . 
  sure . 
  i 've even tried the most loose timings possible , but still a no go ( guess it was cas32 or something , lol ) . 
  it 's pretty much hit and miss at this point , really . 
  but do n't worry too much . 
  i have seen guys using the same rams as me and boot up with xmp at the first try ... 
  it 's just lottery at this point but hopefully it will be fixed soon ... 
  gigabyte ax370 gaming 5 here , no apparent support for p-state overclocking . 
  xmp is nothing but a an overclocking preset for rams . 
  they are there only because the manufacturers test their ram at that certain overclock preset and certify it to be safe . 
  using an xmp profile on a ram should n't cause any damage whatsoever either to the ram itself or the ram slots . 
  your friend probably had a defective mobo from the get go . 
  my 1700 does n't throttle when around 85 . 
  considering 1700 does n't have this offset , throttling point for x cpus must be even higher . 
  i have the 2x8 of the same kit , but with a samsung b-die , yet can not go past 2133 with ax370 gaming 5, 
  be careful though f5f does n't save voltage settings . 
  my gaming 5 's audio chips are garbage . 
  i have to use an older realtek driver with all audio enhancements disabled or else audio gets corrupted with distortions and cracklings . 
  it appears gigabyte has a qc problem with these mobos ... 
  hopefully it 's just the audio chips and nothing else has any defects on the mobo . 
  yeah , no big deal for me as well . 
  i already have an asus xonar dgx for audio . 
  he is not asking if the slow speed ram will catch up to fast speed ram performance . 
  he is asking if he should buy a mobo and a ram duo confirmed to work at full speed or just random high speed ram that might not work at this time . 
  which one of the pcie slots are connected to the chipset ? 
  i too have a pcie sound card and i would like to give that a try to confirm your theory . 
  lol , i was about to post the exact same comment . 
  if we could change the subtimings things would be better . 
  hmm ... then my asus xonar dgx is connected to the chipset .
