  i am a huge batman fan , him killing people would be huge problem if dc changed this rule in comics . 
  or let 's say , i would be hugely disappointed if batman was just an iteration of punisher where he just kills like the flashpoint batman . 
  but he 's not and that makes me wonder , what could have caused batman to be this ? 
  this aspect does n't make me hate snyder or his batman ; it just make it intriguing for me . 
  i want to see . 
  for final words , i still believe bvs would n't be what it is if the studio just let the guy go for a 3 hours theatrical version . 
  i mean , i still love it , but it would n't get that bad reception as i believe the main issue for these critics were pacing and editing . 
  i think the story told here , the characters and the script was good enough . 
  i 'm thinking about a justice league movie , where he does n't have to put too much stuff in a movie and cut it even further to make it less than 3 hours and that leaves me in goosebumps . 
  well sure , if you cut it * right * , it will be alright . 
  but to me , lord of the rings and superman returns were n't movies that tell about so many things . 
  i do n't know about superman returns , however watching the lord of the rings ' extended edition after the theatrical seemed really nice . 
  it did n't put more into the story , it was just ... a good movie turned even better . 
  when i left the theaters i felt , `` i wish i could stay for more . '', 
  so that was just it for me , a longer version of a good film , which did n't really need the extra minutes . 
  we did n't miss much by not seeing it at first . 
  for bvs though ... 
  it felt like a movie that was intended to be 2 hours was cut into 1.5 hours , if you know what i mean . 
  not denying the poor editing , though . 
  i still think i could be made into a better 2.5 hours movie , however i think there was n't enough time so they rushed it . 
  zack actually says this : * '' ... there was some sort of interstitial stuff that surrounds the story , that kind of finishes some of the ideas that we trimmed back . 
  also this : * `` there 's a little bit of action , there 's a little bit of violence that we trimmed out for the mpaa that we put back . 
  the batman warehouse rescue , there 's a couple shots of doomsday that were too intense . 
  then there 's a little bit longer ending , sort of the ending sequence , and the opening of the movie , the north africa sequence is really much different . '' *, 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm just a fan with hope lol . 
  about superman ... wow , i really did n't know such details ... 
  it 's a shame they never ended up in the theatrical cut . 
  seems a lot better really . 
  i think that adds depth to his character . 
  you may ask how . 
  well , this is n't an origin story now . 
  what we have here is a batman of 20 years . 
  now think about a comic book batman which has 20 years of experience . 
  he 's faced all of his arch enemies . 
  he did everything he could as batman and he is perfect . 
  20 years . 
  by making him an obsessive , brutal vigilante who is now so over the edge and lost his way , snyder takes away his perfectness and makes him available to character development . 
  think about it , if we had the perfect batman who does n't kill , what development would we see ? 
  he was going to be too perfect for the movie . 
  sure , you could put other ways to make it work , but then again there are n't many . 
  i think any other way to do it would not be okay . 
  for me , finding a batman who was lost and seeing him develop back into the old days was great . 
  uhm ... 
  i. . . uhh ... 
  i think ... 
  it looked ... nice . 
  to be honest , just checking his tweets about the movie and people liking it , i can safely say that this guy is nothing other than an asshole . 
  he is just like marvel trolls we get every now and then . 
  i 'm ok with him not loving , even hating the movie , but he acts like a fucking fanboy , with no professionalism and respect for others ' tastes and work . 
  i am so glad that i am not a punisher fan and do n't have to live with the shame of my favorite character 's co-creator is a dick . 
  batman killed in all his movies , i do n't understand why this becomes a huge problem right now . 
  also , i 'm getting the feeling that the batman we saw was broken , which i believe is now fixed or going to be fixed by superman in the future movies . 
  it was n't just as brutal . 
  it was power rangers level . 
  bvs takes a more realistic approach . 
  so much this . 
  people criticize and downvote me for implying that i like batman in this movie . 
  some went even further to say if i liked this batman , then i was already a punisher fan . 
  however no i do n't like a murderous batman . 
  not at all . 
  at the same time i do n't like a lex that acts like the riddler and i also do n't like a superman who does n't have time to smile and always about the edge . 
  but hey , if there is one thing this movie made me feel , it was that these characters are developing . 
  as they will and should . 
  i do n't understand the need to see the characters in their developed state . 
  do you , as dc fans , really want a marvel movie out of batman and superman ? 
  do you really want formulated , soulless movies that purely focus on entertainment ? 
  do you want perfect characters from the get go ? 
  i know this : i do n't . 
  what 's wrong with having $ 4 million less than projected ? 
  thanks , i still think it 's because it is easter though . 
  the article says * `` you might be thinking that sunday was the easter holiday , which could account for the big sunday drop . 
  but that still would n't explain the friday-to-saturday decline of 38 % , which was the second worst opening friday-to-saturday drop in the annals of superhero releases , after a 40 % dip for the dark knight rises . 
  '' * but does n't really give any proof to back its claim . 
  i do n't think that 's a match for a religious holiday . 
  edit : i 'm not saying it 's totally because of easter . 
  i just think it has more effect than the fight of the century . 
  i do n't think there is a conspiracy . 
  what i think there is is critics trying to take revenge . 
  i think people are furious that their most anticipated movie of all time got bashed by critics to a point where the movie does n't really deserve . 
  so people attack critics , maybe offend them and now critics are trying to take revenge on that by urging other people to skip the movie , being unprofessional . 
  i think they do n't want the movie to succeed to avoid hearing the auidence say `` you said the movie was bullshit , but we liked it and it proved successful '' . 
  think about it , if two months from now bvs proves successful , where will that leave the critics ? 
  they said the movie was a total bullshit but people liked it . 
  it 's like a doctor diagnosing a famous person with a terminal cancer , causing public panic , but ending up wrong . 
  it 's great news for this famous person and the public ; but it 's definitely bad , like professionally bad for the doctor . 
  why are you not okay ? 
  why is batman , as a character , not allowed to lose his way ? 
  why ca n't he turn into a vigilante looking for revenge ? 
  this is n't fucking canon that decides what batman is . 
  this is a movie ffs . 
  it 's not like they showed you a batman , who started killing on the very night he became batman . 
  we are in the dark on what happened in these previous 20 years . 
  the movie even left implications that batman had just started killing . 
  and it 's not like batman held a gun in his pocket and shot everyone in his way . 
  he is the batman we know , but it looks to me he is just so tired of what he 's done and so lost that he just does n't care whether the guys he 's hitting are dead or not . 
  geez , just give it time , there are more stories to come . 
  we know not killing is batman 's one rule , but we also know one day , somehow , he may find himself in a position where he has to kill . 
  and maybe he did , but we do n't know it yet . 
  we did n't see it . 
  have some faith .
