  i get the feeling that it 's not exactly like nolan 's but a little bit more violent , but as long as it is not straight up murder i think i can probably get behind provided the movie makes you understand why he does it . 
  edit : also , i do n't think it is totally right to put the blame solely on zack snyder . 
  i mean , he might have said to wb that he wanted to make a murderous batman , however in the end it was wb 's decision to let him . 
  considering dc is owned by wb , it would be totally ok for them to step up and say `` whoa zack , we love you , we love working with you , but bro , you * can not * make batman kill . 
  that 's the one rule . '', 
  so it 's not just zack , but wb hence dc to blame as well . 
  that 's disappointing . 
  i give zero fucks for what the critics say but this ... 
  this i have a huge problem with . 
  i still got ta see it though . 
  i 'm still optimistic . 
  i 've seen green arrow kill ( although i do n't know or think if he has that much of a strict code ) in the arrow and it felt fine . 
  well , i booked my tickets weeks ago . 
  today is the day . 
  we 'll see how it turns out . 
  well , yes . 
  you are right in that we do n't see green arrow but rather the arrow . 
  anyway , i 've got my answer . 
  thank you for that . 
  do n't spoil it , duh . 
  the man put a spoiler tag for a reason . 
  well , they can do 4k photos ... 
  my honest opinion is that snyder is not to blame solely . 
  i think he wanted to do something great , a vision in his mind , but wb also pushed him to put lots of jl build-up scenes , which in the end made the movie a lot longer than the original . 
  i think there was some kind of a miscommunication between wb and zack , so he proceeded to do the movie the way he liked it , and then patched in the scenes wb wanted . 
  as a result , we have many scenes jumping back and forth with less connection than it should have ( i did n't have any issue with most of them , though ) , because after patching in build-up scenes , he had to remove his intended scenes , which we will be seeing in july with the ultimate cut . 
  i believe this to be the case as snyder himself says that most of the scenes cut out were there in the movie * until recently * . 
  so he did n't actually plan to remove that many scenes from the beginning . 
  bullocks . 
  i do n't say it 's a masterpiece per se , however i do n't care whether it is 30 % or lower , i liked it . 
  i would give it a solid 8/10 and my sister who is by no means a comic book reader and a fan of marvel movies share the same opinion with me . 
  she says `` i would n't go as far as giving it a 9 or 10 , however anything below 7 for me is unacceptable and i would give it an 8/10 '', 
  and no , i do n't like phantom menace , never did . 
  i think you misinterpret it . 
  first of all , the vision did n't say `` save martha '' but instead it said `` lois lane '', 
  the reason bruce did n't kill clark was not because his mother was also named martha , though . 
  the moment he heard the name martha , it reminded him of his own mother and how he was separated with her and learning that superman had a human mother changed clark in bruce 's eyes from an alien threat to a son of a mother . 
  learning that humanised him in bruce 's eyes and at that point , he realized he was n't a man who was saving the world from an alien but instead a man who was about to separate a mother from her son vice versa , just like the man who killed his parents . 
  wow , that sounds like such a bad and long shot . 
  i think i 'm saving that comment to a text file in my computer just so every once in a while i can show it to people that will potentially criticize the movie the same way . 
  i liked that , thanks . 
  that 's nice . 
  for what it 's worth , it 's stupid trying to persuade people into not seeing a movie . 
  especially in / r/dc _ cinematic . 
  you can give the movie 1/10 stars , but urging people to skip it is just dumb . 
  people should and can form their opinion . 
  especially after the flow of positive feedback from the audience . 
  edit : also personally , i was pretty skeptic going to the theater but in the end i ended up liking the movie . 
  i even feel myself stepping into the loving territory as well . 
  just got ta see it a couple of times more . 
  the bunch of 4k tvs advertised as uhd must have confused me . 
  is it 2k then ? 
  3 weeks `` batman v superman poll '', 
  the ship says : `` the committee banned revival blabla '', 
  lex says : `` committe no longer exists '', 
  the ship says : `` ah , right , sure , that 's right , tell me what to do master '', 
  how come he has the control of the ship ? 
  because he has zod 's fingertips ? 
  so kryptonian ships just allow anyone to take control of them just because they have fingerprints ? 
  i know very little about the lex luthor jr. 's origins from comics , can you enlighten me up a bit ? 
  like a wiki or something maybe ? 
  do n't get me wrong , what you say makes sense , but i think taking control of an alien ship should be taking more effort than `` do you want the control of the ship ? 
  - yes , i do . '', 
  i want to see that . 
  what issue which comics ? 
  i need to see it . 
  man , i knew at some point batman & robin would find me and kill me for skipping it and going with batman & robin eternal . 
  he was n't there . 
  maybe cut out . 
  well , fine , i guess . 
  i follow it weekly . 
  it has some very bad drawing at some points , but it 's basically the continuation of batman : eternal , which i liked . 
  i like the recent `` mother '' story arc , though it does n't have batman in it because of the obvious reasons . 
  it features almost all robins and i think it is fine . 
  [ spoilers ] ( #spoilers `` uhm ... 
  excuse me ? 
  how was superman ever going to talk ? 
  i mean , i do n't know if you noticed but the whole place was blown up before he got to speak . 
  and i am not american per se , but the way i see in american media , most of the adopted children i know call their parents by their name . 
  check supergirl , arrow , flash for example . 
  and what were you expecting when the fucking doomsday was in the film ? 
  i mean , doomsday = death of superman , that should be a known fact . 
  i can see you do n't like the death of him in this movie , but it 's not something you can criticise the movie with . '' ), 
  also do n't be an asshole and tag your comment with spoilers . 
  if i like a movie , i do n't have to perform mental gymnastics to praise it . 
  if i like it , that 's it , i do n't need anything . 
  i do n't need anyone to rate the movie for me . 
  i would n't care if i was the only person in the world that liked it as long as the movie grossed enough to make a sequel . 
  he only killed the last one if i remember correctly, 
  you know i kinda want snyder to succeed . 
  because yes , bvs did really bad critically , man of steel had mixed reception ; now it seems like snyder has problems . 
  but i do n't think that 's the way to go . 
  i mean i watched man of steel and thought ok that was a nice movie , but did n't end up loving it . 
  it was * fine * as a film . 
  however what i loved about it was the ideas , the universe , the vision . 
  i mean , i look at snyder and he seems such a nice guy . 
  he seems to be trying to do something and i feel like he is the one to create this universe . 
  he 's kind of a george lucas to me right now . 
  i fear , if he left , many things would change just for the sake of making it lighter , more appropriate for the general audience . 
  people may not be happy about how superman and batman are depicted in this movie , thinking snyder does n't understand the characters and even hate them ; however , i think people are overreacting .
