  this happened many times . 
  workshop or i riot !, 
  not true at all . 
  but ... can it run crysis ? 
  guess the machine has watched the dark knight, 
  a bit unrelated to the topic , but how is your recovery ? 
  i wish you the best . 
  wow talk about freedom of speech . 
  whoops ... 
  whoops ... 
  whoops ... 
  chat has been disabled for 4 seconds . 
  no , this is patrick . 
  `` i 'll make you a promise . 
  the movie wo n't be cut tonight . '', 
  i do n't know who 's ben , but that 's bruce wayne . 
  maybe call it superman , instead of man of steel 2 and make that legendary , christopher reeve-killer ( no pun intended ) superman movie everyone was waiting for . 
  yeah , thank you . 
  i would n't say that would be a fix though . 
  turk here , drinking even more , 
  not really sure what it is called . 
  but i believe it is called turkish tea . 
  pretty much like [ this ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_tea ) i guess it 's called black ( ? ), 
  tea . 
  nailed it when you said over-polite until football 's on :d, 
  yeah , do n't tell her name in your last breath but instead say `` save my mom '' so the person who 's killing you can have no idea who you 're talking about . 
  it 's not like you are an alien with no blood ties to anyone on this earth . 
  just say `` mom '' , pretty sure it will be informative enough . 
  nice !, 
  i hope you achieve full recovery as soon as possible !, 
  my thoughts and prayers are with you , brother . 
  get well soon and go back to that uni !, 
  i do n't know how canon it is , but was n't it confirmed that the movie originally had a scene in the beginning that shows the lightsaber floating in the space in towards a planet , which was maz kanata 's ? 
  cdpr did this with witcher 2 with turkish language . 
  i do n't see any reason why they should n't do it again . 
  now that the game of the year edition is announced , i think this is the perfect time to do this . 
  btw , you might wan na reach cdpr about this , having been a previous member of the group of translators who translated witcher 2 to turkish , i have a feeling cdpr might be positive about this idea . 
  try contacting gokyagbu ( g\u00f6khan halil d\u00fczg\u00fcn ) , who was the project leader of the witcher 2 translation . 
  he might still be in touch with them and perhaps they will listen to him . 
  naah , it does n't work on a different pc or a tablet , too . 
  the thing is , it 's weird . 
  no port behind works . 
  not just usb ports , but ethernet and hdmi & displayport as well . 
  drivers seem to be fine , ethernet driver just thinks nothing is plugged in to it . 
  hdmi does n't give output ; could n't try dp as i do n't have any dp devices . 
  however , the front facing usb connectors still work . 
  btw , keyboard is dead % 100 . 
  will try to rma , see if they replace or repair it ; but i have no hopes regarding . 
  yeah looks like . 
  i 've found out usb ports still have power , but they just do n't recognise the devices . 
  could be felicity messing with your gps ... 
  but the front usbs still work ? 
  so the system has no problem handling usb data when present . 
  i did . 
  and everything looks normal . 
  no burnt marks , beautiful as ever . 
  wow , is that the black flash ? 
  but who is the guy on the right ? 
  using a nexus 10 with android 6.0.1 , having the same issue . 
  woah there , g\u00fclen is not a moderate muslim , his movement is not pro-technology and pro-secular . 
  of all things he can be , he is not either of these . 
  that 's debatable , he 's power hungry just like erdogan , the differences being he uses secularism and whatever he is showing himself to be at the moment . 
  but he will change just like erdogan the moment he can . 
  we do n't leave our country behind . 
  we do n't run ; we fight . 
  splendid job !, 
  actually , the exact turkish word used for `` secularism '' is `` laiklik '' ( - lik suffix for - ism ) . 
  and when you look at it , `` laiklik '' and `` laicism '' are pretty much the same words . 
  well , let 's just say that still clears things up for other people , 
  jet fuel ca n't melt steel . 
  surely i do n't know the whole list , but i know a couple of private schools , universities and private courses . 
  i even have been to some of them . 
  spent a full year in one of these schools as a student . 
  i also have many friends who prepared for ygs and lys exams ( for university application ) in these schools . 
  these schools are publicly well-known to be associated with fethullah g\u00fclen 's cemaat ( sect , if you will ) . 
  so before some of you start bashing me by saying g\u00fclen is a secular and a tolerant muslim , let me tell you that :, 
  as a 17 year old boy , when i was in one of their schools , i was forced to stay the evening with them for a ramadan dinner . 
  i was forced to pray ( namaz ) with them although i did n't want to . 
  and you know why everyone attended their schools ? 
  because they always , always , got the questions of the lys and ygs ( formerly \u00d6ss ) beforehand . 
  they were never secular , they were never tolerant . 
  erdogan might be a dick , but there are still sane people here in turkey who hate him ( 50 % of the population ) and you can ask any of them their thoughts about g\u00fclen and all of them will say the same thing . 
  erdogan might be the enemy , but he is doing the right thing now . 
  as i said before , i can not speak for every judge/soldier/people detained , but these guys have always had a huge network on every level of government . 
  see , you could always see yourself out of jail or at least get away with a lighter penalty if you had ties/connections with the cemaat . 
  you could get assigned to the city you wanted to if you were a public worker . 
  you could pass exams you would otherwise fail if you had close ties with cemaat . 
  as i said in my post , many people chose cemaat schools/courses because everyone knew they had the exam questions beforehand . 
  i do n't just mean university exams . 
  they helped ( by cheating ) anyone with a tie to them become lawyers , judges , police officers , teachers , soldiers , etc. 
  the only catch is this : they helped you , so you will help them in the future when necessary . 
  people here in worldnews migth find it shocking that such a high number of people could have connections with them ; but in a country with a population of around 78 million , thousands are really not that many . 
  surely , erdogan might also be taking advantage of the situation and he probably is , but from what i 've seen or heard so far , i see this as a positive . 
  i just wish that everything can turn back to normal after all this is done . 
  edit : to answer your question , he probably is using this opportunity to get rid of any cemaat supporters in government organs . 
  this might seem a bit unlawful in the way it is being executed , but if that is the aim , i fully support him in this regard . 
  by the way , many people here seem to think erdogan is actually getting rid of kemalists or republicans in the government or the army , but that is not true . 
  most officers of the anti-coup side of the army are still kemalists . 
  plus , many kemalist generals , colonels and ranked officers who were wrongfully accused of being conspirators years ago because ( according to erdogan ) cemaat made them look so , are either being called back to duty or consulted after this coup attempt . 
  so there is still hope .
