  i thought this would be in effect with the blu-ray release . 
  anyway , thanks for keeping the balance in the force for the last couple of months . 
  this can be definitely explored . 
  there are for sure some storylines in comics that has joker 's origins and they are great . 
  however , keeping something audience already knows from batman for so long would be troublesome for the writers and boring for the audience . 
  sooner or later batman would have to discover and that would make joker an easy target for batman from that point on . 
  looks like i missed the voting . 
  thanks for the heads up !, 
  why do i feel like nvidia is so busy preparing game ready drivers that they can not focus on actual problems ? 
  not gon na say 390/x can not overclock , obviously they can . 
  however when compared against 980/970 , you should n't forget maxwell cards go up to 1.5 ghz much easier without messing with voltages etc. 
  and tend to get cooler even with high overclocks . 
  one can even get more with bios modding , though that 's not the point here . 
  point is , maxwell cards are still better at oc , however on the other hand gcn ones are not bricks ; they are very much capable . 
  i believe they have something called vtuner ( or something like that ) . 
  it has a windows 8.1 / 10-like ui and offers some options though i do n't remember them to be well-detailed . 
  so , does that mean we have the new matchmaking ? 
  if not , when will it be possible ? 
  i am a bit out of the loop . 
  please pardon me . 
  5.2 ghz @ 1.52 v. . . now that is impressive !, 
  how are your temps ? 
  i believe 6300 is cooler than a 8350 , right ? 
  because i had a 8350 with a noctua nh-u14s and that thing was hard to contain the temps even with that cooler . 
  could n't get more than 4.5 ghz . 
  i believe the furthest point i went to was 1.45 v but i was just around the 62-63 degrees limit i could n't push further . 
  do n't think it would have made any difference with that chip but ... you know , i 'm still kinda disappointed . 
  i switched to intel after a while . 
  now seeing the high temps intels can go , it feels sad to see that with a pretty well overclocked fx cpu you are at 70ish temps but that 's already way over the limit . 
  makes you wonder what one could achieve with fx cpus if they had a thermal limit like haswell cpus have . 
  since when did making a proprietary tech close sourced become evil and wrong , though ? 
  i mean i do n't like the way nvidia does its thing as well , but in the end it 's their tech , their work ; why should they be enforced to share with others ? 
  then we should be blaming them for not optimizing or not letting others optimize . 
  close source ! = evil, 
  and here i am sitting with my 4690k stuck at 4.5 ghz . 
  oh , the dreams i had while buying that noctua nh-u14s ... 
  nah , there is nothing to regret . 
  4.9 is still great and an extra 100 mhz wo n't give you anything huge . 
  and frankly i do n't think you will get anything more than 200 mhz more on that chip . 
  i would be happy with 4.9 and call it a day . 
  i see , 
  is it too much if asked for your exact settings from bios ? 
  hence indian hill, 
  when will there be a new update ? 
  please , just please fix the bugs !, 
  fan setting always switches to manual and there is no way to save vcore set or mem voltage offset !, 
  the firestorm at its current state is really useless !, 
  i have to set everything manually after every restart !, 
  4th article of turkish constitution actually states that the first three articles can not be changed or even offered to be changed . 
  the second article covers secularism . 
  but then again , if there is n't anyone left to stop that change , this wo n't matter . 
  i 'm not even mad . 
  i 've had enough of their bullshit . 
  it 's a bird !, 
  what 's the native resolution of the tv ? 
  i 'd go with the native res . 
  according to the tech specs you shared , your tv supports 60 hz at 4k . 
  it does n't make sense for it to be limited to 30 hz at 2k . 
  are you using an hdmi 2.0 cable ? 
  if not , switching to an hdmi 2.0 cable could help you . 
  i see , that seems plausible . 
  in that case i would say go with 1080p @ 60hz . 
  your gpu overclock is not stable . 
  switch back to default clocks and observe if it happens . 
  if not , switch gpu memory clock to stock and try again . 
  if you do n't observe the artifact try setting your memory clock to something lower than 8000 . 
  if you still observe then it is your gpu core clock that is way too much . 
  you might try lowering it down a bit or increasing the core voltage . 
  in turkish shark means `` k\u00f6pek bal\u0131\u011f\u0131 '' which means `` dog fish '', 
  turkey do n't hate kurds , they hate pkk/ypg which mostly consist of kurds and claim to represent kurdish people . 
  i 'm using and yet to encounter any problems with it , but looking at the number of complaints , i 'd say no ; do n't update yet . 
  lol if he was a loser , i can not imagine a word to describe you and your holy leader abdullah \u00f6calan . 
  ` kurdish regions ' yeah lol keep dreaming, 
  i 'd like to say she 's not, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ please ^ ^ ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ ^ ^ kill ^ ^ ^ ^ me, 
  nah man , batman never kills . 
  false god, 
  i think the average is around 4.4 - 4.6 ghz but some lucky bastards can get from 4.7 to even 4.9 - 5.0 ghz, 
  sure !, 
  i always find myself laughing when i see a good movie !, 
  i mean , like when i left the theather after the dark knight , all i was doing was laugh laugh laugh !, 
  lol it was such a funny movie best ever 10/10 . 
  exactly my point . 
  you can have fun ( as in having a good time , enjoying ) with a movie too dark . 
  however , the harsh critics do n't use that word properly . 
  they say the movie is dark , grim and too humorless and therefore not *** fun *** . 
  they expect to see a marvel movie while they are not even aware that it is not a marvel movie . 
  they think a cbm must be marvel . 
  that 's not how it works ... 
  that 's so sweet . 
  * why do n't you tell us about angry sheep sex ? 
  which is ... ? 
  honestly , if anyone other than daisy ridley had this line or it was n't daisy ridley that were cast for rey but instead some other actress , i might not have liked it . 
  however , she puts that in such an amazing and cute way , i mean ... 
  i have no other options than absolutely falling in love with her and the scene in overall . 
  i did n't watch the movie but as far as i know the problem with the movie does n't derive from what zack snyder did with batman and superman , on the contrary many people like the duo . 
  the problems of the movie are just snyder and his incompetence as a ` film director ' in general . 
  other than basic directing stuff , he is a cool guy with great ideas . 
  without spoiling anything , can you give us people who did n't see the movie an understanding of how far he goes in terms of killing ? 
  is it straight up murder like putting a bullet in the head or is it kind of an ignorance like how batman was in nolan 's ( i 'm not gon na kill you but i do n't have to save you levels ),
