  just take ryzen out of the equation . 
  compare 7700k and 6900k . 
  there are differences in fps at 1080p high settings on many games . 
  you will see them both running a gpu at 99 % usage . 
  but there are still differences , are n't there ? 
  here 's a bench result of battlefield1 at 720p from computerbase.de : http://puu.sh/urdtj/3d97e54806.png, 
  you can see ryzen on top . 
  ahead of 7700k . 
  in that case , do you think if the resolution were lower , 7700k would come on top because `` hidden performance '' ? 
  there is no such thing as hidden performance . 
  a gpu bottleneck occurs at 4k not on a two years old full hd game . 
  stop spreading the bullshit . 
  buggy bios . 
  yes . 
  but there are other things at play here . 
  such as misconfigured ram timings and a bugged bios . 
  but as you can see , with these out of the equation , ryzen 1800x beats 7700k . 
  i have shared a 720p gaming benchmark with you from a reliable source . 
  you can clearly see ryzen 7 1800x ahead of 7700k . 
  since the results are not the same and ryzen in front , then 7700k in that case is a cpu bottleneck and therefore worse than ryzen , at least for that specific game . 
  right ? 
  with faulty reviews like gamersnexus ' you are fine when ryzen is behind at 1080p high settings , but suddenly it 's gpu bottlenecking when it goes head-to-head with 7700k at the exact same settings with another review . 
  on the contrary , buggy bios and misconfigured timigs were bottlenecking the ryzen cpu . 
  once these issues are resolved , we can put everything to low quality with 720p and discuss the cpu bottleneck . 
  then again , you have joker 's video running two cpus side by side at the exact same scenes ... 
  you are right , i assumed you were one of those guys and had something against ryzen . 
  my apologies for that . 
  the number of people like that in this sub and in youtube comments has really ryzen up and it makes things easier to assume . 
  i do n't know . 
  i did n't really expect ryzen to be better than 7700k and i still do n't expect it to be so , but it seems to have around the same performance as 7700k and that is a good thing . 
  we just need to wait for the benchmarks with fixed bios and whatnot i guess . 
  oh , so you are assuming these results would show variances up to 20 % ? 
  yeah , no . 
  me too . 
  i did n't originally plan to replace my 4790k but i might do just that , if amd can resolve all these problems revolving around ram and bios in a timely matter , that is . 
  they did a stream with steve from gamersnexus ( the guy responsible for the review bashing ryzen , i.e. 
  `` i5 in gaming , i7 in production '' ) and he ( steve ) admitted having different results on same tests due to bios issues and he also agrees that 1080p with gtx 1080 is a fair test of cpu gaming scenario . 
  still , if you are not satisfied there are reviews that done 720p tests seemingly without bios issues :, 
  take note that gamersnexus had probably the same gpu bottlenecking as they tested watch dogs 2 on 1080p with high settings on a gtx 1080 . 
  their results of watch dogs 2 :, 
  and computerbase.de :, 
  now , tell me about how it 's gpu bottlenecked and 7700k completely demolishes ryzen . 
  kinda ... 
  still does n't explain how 6900k which performs around the same as ryzen on single threaded synthetics can outperform both 7700k and 1800x on titles that favor multi-threading . 
  this is a good video . 
  however i still have one thing that i find inconsistent with this video . 
  according to the phone call with the amd , ryzen has around 0-1 % better ipc than broadwell-e and around 6.8 % worse ipc than kaby lake ( 7700k ) at a fixed frequency . 
  the amd rep then says that they can not compensate this difference because of the frequency difference of kaby lake . 
  however , i am not at all concerned for kaby lake . 
  kaby lake is better than ryzen in ipc , period . 
  but ryzen has basically the same ipc level as broadwell-e , which is 6900k . 
  considering a 6900k is a 3.2 ghz cpu , there is no clock difference as well . 
  so why do n't we see the same results from ryzen as a 6900k ? 
  these are the average ryzen results on six titles listed at 720p :, 
  i get it , 6.8 % ipc difference + the clock difference constitutes the 15 % difference between ryzen and kaby lake , but what is going on with the difference between ryzen and broadwell-e ? 
  obviously , all benchmarks put ryzen at 6900k levels , but somehow gaming is not consistent with these results . 
  i think there is still something preventing ryzen from getting the desired gaming performance . 
  whether it 's an architectural design flaw in ryzen or an optimization issue with windows or motherboards i do not know . 
  computerbase.de uses a titan x for their tests . 
  also there are probably differences in scenes . 
  it 's probably about the scenes . 
  uhm ... 
  yes . 
  well , someone around was saying that amd actually suggested microsoft a fix for that , but microsoft is yet to implement it . 
  i miss that bot :(, 
  * look to my coming at the first light on the fifth day , at dawn look to the east . 
  what 's your cpu ? 
  does it have an integrated graphics chip on it ? 
  if not , you will need a second gpu to fix it . 
  easy then . 
  all you have to do is boot with integrated graphics and flash the correct bios to your 480 . 
  look up for the exact procedure from google . 
  as long as what you flashed was a graphics card bios ( vbios ) and not mobo bios i do n't see how you can end up with a corrupt mobo . 
  you do n't delete any files , you just flash the version you like . 
  it will overwrite any present bios . 
  if the 4 core variants are single ccx , then they should be performing better than r7 in many occasions . 
  does it really work ? 
  my x370 gaming 5 is arriving today . 
  actually , if 4c/8t r5s are really one ccx , they will be better than other r5 and r7 cpus in terms of gaming performance . 
  current ryzen cpus suffer from a performance cut when threads are moved across two ccxs . 
  having only one ccx eliminates this issue and thus improves gaming performance . 
  1500x is 16mb . 
  1400 is 8mb . 
  sigh ... 
  this is getting beyond embarrasing ... 
  easier how ? 
  is that well documented ? 
  do you have any sources ? 
  still , considering 97 % of r7 1700 cpus overclock to 3.8 ghz , that should n't be an issue in most scenarios . 
  interesting , but not cool if true . 
  hopefully it 's rather related to the issues with bioses and not the cpus themselves . 
  how to know if they are samsung ? 
  well , i come from the hometown of tasty ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  is that cpu fan configured to pull ? 
  if so , i would recommend you use it in a push configuration as it would be more effective . 
  but in this case we have a rebrand . 
  i did some translations for that game . 
  it 's actually a free-to-play game . 
  i mean , it 's in that category , but because its early access is sold with a founders pack it has a price tag . 
  once it is out of early access , it will be free to play .
