  it 's just that when thawne travels barry to present , the other barry in that timeline disappears , just like the second thawne disappeared . 
  i do n't think sara will be able to kill him . 
  at most we 'll probably see her get him down with a knife on his neck , only to be stopped by rip just in time with a pep talk about how they can not interfere with time blabla . 
  what does it emulate , exactly ? 
  i can use mine ? 
  what 's wrong with me ? 
  could be many reasons . 
  my old defective r9 290x used to do this . 
  saved this screenshot in case we need it for reference in the future . 
  wow . 
  so out of all the countries that are intervening in syria , turkey is the invader ? 
  and it 's not like syria can hold their shit together . 
  turkey has every right to protect itself against terrorist attacks . 
  oh , nothing big . 
  thank you , sir . 
  are there any risks of using cream api ? 
  we would like to play with friends but we could n't get hamachi to work . 
  with cream api crack we can connect via internet game , but i 'm worried about my steam account . 
  sure , will fix in fifa 18  ), 
  so is this going to be called that instead of rx 490/x or is it going to be a bit better than 490/x to compete with an upcoming 1080 ti , perhaps ? 
  ~ ~ is that still present in fifa 17 ? 
  fuck this , it was there in 15 too . 
  my decision to pass this game was quite on point then . 
  they used to fix bugs with a new game , but it appears they do n't even do it anymore . ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ shame . ~ ~, 
  what are you trying to push it for ? 
  i mean it 's not like the movie is critically successful . 
  in rt it currently sits at 33 % rotten with 4.4 points out of 10 . 
  in metascore , it is averaged at 38 points out of 100 ( not user review , it 's critic reviews ) . 
  the fact that it has 4.8 from top 1000 voters of imdb alone proves that the movie is just not good . 
  i know turks are giving it 1/10 for political reasons , but as / r/movies , what you are doing is no different than what turks do . 
  that 's a bad film . 
  vote accordingly . 
  that 's the problem of the movie . 
  there is no message . 
  the message is just a masquerade to make way for the love triangle . 
  the last time i remember / r/movies did n't care what imdb said ... 
  so do the same , do n't care about it . 
  imdb has always been the same . 
  nothing special . 
  check the reviews ... what do they say ? 
  % 33 on rt 38 on metacritic . 
  it 's true there 's a handful of reviews on metacritic and rt , but it 's not like just one review . 
  there are 9 in rt and 7 in metacritic . 
  9 out of 6 is rotten and one of the rottens come from a top critic . 
  the guys that gave it fresh did so with 6/10 at most . 
  yes , there is a handful of reviews , but even them are just enough to form an opinion . 
  this is not a schindler 's list . 
  i made a comment because i saw people saying `` i 'm pretty sure it 's a great movie . 
  turkish government is manipulating the votes ( like , wtf ? ) . '', 
  turkish government is not manipulating the reviewers , duh . 
  because people that reviewed the movie are professional critics ? 
  why do you force this movie to make it look like an all-timer ? 
  i am judging over what i have . 
  9 professional reviewers is all we have right now and they say it is bad . 
  nope . 
  unfortunately hamachi did n't work . 
  however we have found a `` multiplayer crack '' which works fine with codex version . 
  it has a cream_api . ini file inside and it hooks into steam . 
  it makes steam think you 're playing a game called spacewar . 
  we changed the newappid line from that cream_api . ini file to the api of civ v to avoid suspicion . 
  now on steam thinks we are playing civ v and we can play together via steam network using internet games option in the civ vi . 
  pm me if you want the crack . 
  are you high on something ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm all in for arresting terrorists disguised as politicians , but there was a 36-hour outage ( is this the right word ? ), 
  of internet connection . 
  here 's the link to the crack :, 
  change the `` newappid '' in cream_api . ini to 8930 ( for civ v ) or any other app id you want ( steam will think you are playing that game ), 
  btw , you might wan na use an alt steam account with this if you do n't want to risk your primary steam account ( have n't seen anyone banned for this , but you never know ), 
  i mean ... we never saw them both in the same room ... 
  upvoted . 
  oh god . 
  these stupid crap minded pieces of shits will make me be ashamed of being turkish . 
  oh my god . 
  as a turkish citizen , i can not feel sorry for them . 
  i do n't think i ever will . 
  but i believe they should have been fairly tried . 
  why is it called greek yogurt while the word itself ( and also the food itself ) is originally turkish ? 
  before , real life felt like 60hz . 
  now it feels like 144hz . 
  i will never go back to 60hz . 
  they are all the same . 
  i can not feel sorry for the death of anyone who could relentlessly kill women and children just because this time there is a video of them getting killed . 
  feel sorry all you want . 
  i feel sorry for people who turn a blind eye to all death surrounding the world and only care for them when there are explicit videos like that . 
  what do you think happens when terrorist groups like pkk bombs public places and such ? 
  you think they all go to heaven in peace ? 
  they are killed brutally . 
  people exposed to those bombings leave no recognisable piece of their bodies . 
  you have n't seen anything . 
  i do n't like watching two people getting executed . 
  i hate it . 
  but having seen what they did and could , i * can not * feel sorry for them . 
  and fyi , the title should have said pkk terrorists not fighters . 
  they are exactly the same . 
  it 's not like pkk fights isis because it 's the right thing to do ... you are a fool if you think that 's what they are doing . 
  they are fighting for land . 
  they are both terrorists . 
  they both kill civilians . 
  and unlike isis , pkk has been doing terrorist activities for 40 years .
