   `` yesterday morning our airspace was violated by an aircraft of unknown origin . 
  two aircraft were warned not to cross the border ten times in two minutes . 
  one of our aircraft was warning them to go back to syria , and they continued to violate the airspace , '' said erdogan , quoted by the turkish paper hurriyet . 
  2 ) turkey changed its rules of engagement over syria region after one of its training jets was shot down by syria . 
   `` the engagement rules for the turkish armed forces have been changed from syria if there are any military instruments or troops approach to the turkish borders from the syrian side in the form of a threat they will be perceived as military threats and will be acted accordingly from now on , '' erdogan said . 
  so , people should stop posting news like that , pretending the incident with russia was just a simple airspace violation . 
  well , there is a law in the constitution that makes it crime to insult atat\u00fcrk here in turkey . 
  this particular law may actually be against freedom of expression , but that is a law and it is most like going to stay there no matter how much it violates freedom of expression . 
  turkish people are rather strict about atat\u00fcrk and they ( including me ) hold him sacred , so to insult atat\u00fcrk is actually insulting turkish people . 
  regarding the youtube ban that took place 5 years ago , i do n't know , banning the whole youtube might be wrong , but i believe such techniques like banning a particular url was n't available to turkish authorities so they banned the whole site . 
  also i believe , in such situations , youtube should act as well , i mean they should at least make the videos in question not available in turkey . 
  what 's primitive ? 
  the law that forbids people from insulting the founder of turkish republic ? 
  i do n't see anything wrong with that . 
  you should n't be insulting ** anyone ** , whether it 's a public figure or not . 
  and in this case , it 's the founder of turkish republic , i do n't see anything wrong with that . 
  what prophet are you talking about ? 
  who said anything about any deaths ? 
  atat\u00fcrk is not a prophet and penalty for insulting him is not death . 
  i agree with you . 
  i believe in freedom of speech . 
  i think people should be able to voice their opinions . 
  i support that . 
  atat\u00fcrk himself supported that . 
  people should be able to speak their minds about atat\u00fcrk , but how is it okay to perform hate speech about him ? 
  also , there is nothing in the article stating that particular law violated freedom of speech . 
  it was the ban itself that violated it . 
  the law works like that : if you publicly swear to or insult the memory of atat\u00fcrk , founder of turkish republic , you get jailed for 1 to 3 years . 
  if you damage , vandalise , break any busts , statues , monuments that symbolises atat\u00fcrk or if you damage atat\u00fcrk 's mausoleum , you get jailed for 1 to 5 years . 
  that is totally wrong . 
  there are just some people who think holding him sacred is too much . 
  but you will not find many people that will be ok with atat\u00fcrk being insulted . 
  she is no simple goat !, 
  she is princess !, 
  i believe this is the continuation of spark video game awards, 
  yes , but it is no longer spike game awards , it 's just the game awards . 
  so any influence of spike should be no longer existent . 
  i am an istanbul resident , i hate erdo\u011fan but i do n't believe in this bs . 
  i have many kurdish friends who do n't hate turkey . 
  pkk is a terrorist organization . 
  if you have any intention to suggest that they are not , then apparently you are blinded to facts . 
  also , people should stop dreaming about a kurdish autonomy in turkish borders . 
  dreams are good but dreaming what you can not achieve will do you no good . 
  source of wikileaks is a twitter user fuatavni . 
  just fyi . 
  but ... 
  but pkk fights isis so they must be the guardian angel of the region :( ( ( (, 
  you should learn more about pkk . 
  they are officially recognized as a terrorist organization by many countries and organizations , including eu , un and nato . 
  you might wan na check `` kurdistan workers ' party '' here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_designated_terrorist_groups, 
  wow you and your assumptions man ... you have no idea about the issue whatsoever . 
  isis threatens pkk 's existence , that 's why they are fighting them . 
  it 's pure magic, 
  we should kick turkey out of nato, 
  it seemed so in the end of futures end , however ; batman beyond # 1 [ spoiler ] ( / s `` clearly states that terry still altered that timeline leading to bruce being able to create veil that keeps neo-gotham invisible to eye . 
  as if millions of pixels suddenly cried out in terror , and were suddenly silenced . 
  dx12 definitely improved things , however i am not sure at this point , if the emulator makes use of async compute at all , since they are using an nvidia gpu for showcase purposes and nvidia gpus are bad for async compute , for now at least . 
  however if they are really using async compute , i believe the results would be much better on an amd gpu like r9 390 . 
  yeah right . 
  what i meant was that current generation of nvidia gpus ( like the 970 they use ) are bad for async compute for now . 
  that will probably change with new generation gpus or new drivers from nvidia ( they said they did n't implement async compute in their drivers yet ) . 
  feels to me that 6350 will seriously bottleneck your new 980 . 
  fhe torce awakens, 
  well , we do n't know that . 
  man , did you even watch the movie ? 
  also , you should tag it spoilers, 
  what the f ** k is wrong with these people ? 
  yeah i get it , pkk fought isis and you see them as angels for that , but ffs , pkk is as a terrorist group as isis and has been an enemy of turkey for decades for their terrorist attacks . 
  stop acting like they are guardian angels , they are terrorists . 
  and patty is zoom . 
  in the light of rey is luke 's daughter theory , the lines in this teaser sounds something like what luke would say to rey in the last scene of the force awakens . 
  then again , they say it might also be something luke might have said to kylo ren as well , 
   the pkk is not a terrorist organisation . 
  woah easy there , roach . 
  it is nothing like native americans so it 's not a good example i think . 
  also kurds have always had a political agency but they have always been known for supporting the terrorists themselves so either they got disbanded or hated all around the country . 
  even hdp is thought to have ties with pkk , but is tolerated in order to have kurds follow the political way rather than militarist ( terrorist in this case ) way . 
  i do n't say kurds are terrorists , they should fight for their freedom , they should have their rights , they should be treated the same in the eyes of justice . 
  but fighting for their freedom , for their rights can not be and should not be in ways of terrorism . 
  what i meant to say was that kurds had their political rights and they had their political agencies ; however so far all that have claimed to `` represent '' kurdish rights have either supported terrorism or actively commited acts of terrorism . 
  i have kurdish friends , i have known many kurdish people ; however , none of them are bad people , none of them wants to see their fellow turkish citizens and friends dead , killed brutally by some other kurdish people who claim to `` represent '' them . 
  wow , seems like back in 2000 , he had the * high * er * ground *, 
  galaxykiller base, 
  also , kylo seems to be just toying with him even in that condition . 
  general leia, 
  yeah , did n't notice on my first time ; however on second i was very annoyed by that . 
  actually for a moment i thought the theatre might be fucking with us but then learned there were n't really many other shots in imax . 
  i know !, 
  that 's why i was thinking obi-wan might have done that talking as a force ghost . 
  i re-posted after deleting this one , you might check that one out . 
  i do n't think obi-wan was speaking to her in the present . 
  i think just like everything else in the vision , `` rey , these are your first steps '' was just something the saber was showing rey via the visions . 
  i think that conversation was just as important a moment from the past as whatever she saw/heard . 
  yeah it would be easy for obi-wan to learn her name etc. , but what i meant was obi-wan sounded like he actually knew her , as in met her before . 
  i do n't think it 's about blood or dna ; it 's more about ideals , practices , ways of the force etc. 
  oooh , did n't catch that , sorry, 
  i actually thought of obi-wan 's voice more as a confirmation of rey having jedi training before . 
  as far as i remember , the exact words from obi-wan are `` rey , these are your first steps . '', 
  we also hear a bit from yoda as well . 
  however my point is it sounded like a memory to me , just as if obi-wan said that sentence some time before when she was in luke 's jedi temple and she remembers that as part of the vision .
