  they created it , developed it and it was good . 
  but that was years ago . 
  in 2011 the development team was disbanded , the os was turned into a debian copy , rahter than its former unique style . 
  before this there were unique pardus projects ( like package manager pisi ) but now all these unique projects are gone and pardus is just another fork of debian . 
  original pardus was 8 years of work and it was good . 
  why change ( and destroy ) everything and fork debian when you already have a great os ? 
  now what we have is an os that is almost the same as debian except the name . 
  a camera can not stop the time . 
  do you have teamviewer ? 
  if so , close it . 
  harming others - yes . 
  harming yourself ? 
  that 's none of anybody 's business . 
  is there a way to get transparent status bar on kitkat ? 
  who needs 1080p anyway, 
  well that was sarcasm , of course we need it, 
  oh these smart asses ... 
  they are not `` innocent kurdish people who just want to help '' they are pkk and their supporters . 
  you ignorant buttheads . 
  act as a terrorist organization for decades and then suddenly play the good guy and cry for help . 
  these so called `` freedom fighters '' butchered turkish soldiers in coldblood , killed babies , bombed squares , abducted teachers and doctors and have been a pain in the ass for both the government and the people . 
  go to hell ... 
  and do you know what they will do with these weapons after this freedom fight ends ? 
  let me guess ... 
  they will use them on turkey . 
  that 's what turkish government wants i guess . 
  so they can have an excuse on kurds . 
  haha, 
  hey guys , let 's blame turkey for that !, 
  i thought the usa was the guardian angel of the world . 
  sorry my bad . 
  so how does that frustration give them the right to burn the stores , cars and homes of innocent people ? 
  some of them actually started to loot stores after breaking in . 
  to me , they just needed an excuse to do such things and they have now . 
  wow hollywood style !, 
  well let 's start a votekick !, 
  i am ashamed of him as well . 
  but not about this particular issue . 
  i hate the guy , i really do , but i am proud of how my country deals with the situation . 
  so we should send troops to every city they capture ? 
  because it ` helps ' ? 
  oh sorry we are no puppet . 
  this kobane thing is no different than all the other cities they captured . 
  kurds want to make it look like it is different but no , it 's not . 
  we 've done our part , taking in the kurds fleeing the city . 
  also , we will not go there alone even if we do . 
  butthurt ? 
  guess so . 
  holy shit ... 
  i really hope to see ahsoka again after the clone wars , but i do n't think she will be in the movies ( at least for a big role ) . 
  i mean they said episode 7 was going to be an original story and giving ahsoka a big role such as this makes it kind of non-original ... 
  well , because ... 
  * clicks downvote *, 
  what was wrong with the last star trek ? 
  i think it is great . 
  it was made very clear that the movie will not be `` digital '' . 
  `` very little cgi '' . 
  i do n't think he is defending piracy . 
  i do n't think he says `` it is okay to pirate after a certain line '' . 
  i believe he just means that there are people using spotify just because it is easier than pirating and thinking paying is much more convenient than pirating it and if they are not given the option of spotify or anything similar , they are going to pirate whether it is the legal , moral or right thing to do ( and believe me , some people pirate not because they do n't want to pay or they do n't think music is not worth the money , they pirate because it is much more difficult for them to buy each album seperately and collect them in one place ) . 
  and taylor pulls her music from spotify because she sees herself in an apple-like position with already having millions of sales she thinks she does n't need a service which pays * less * . 
  she thinks people will buy anyway so why not make more money by making all the people listening to her via spotify buy her album the traditional way . 
  it is more than enough . 
  what 's the source of this picture ? 
  i actually watched it but i guess i did n't pay attention to it, 
  well with mantle everything 's fine . 
  i was just wondering if that 's normal . 
  i have an asus m5a99x evo r2 .0 with a corsair cx750m . 
  also corsair force gs 128 ssd and 8 gigs of kingston ddr3 1600 ram, 
  i actually set it to 50 % after my post . 
  is it gon na be an issue if i dont set it back to 20 % ? 
  i do n't know german but it seems to me that the day 1 patch was only for mantle . 
  i am also yet to see any framerate issues . 
  my specs are :, 
  fx 8350 4.7 ghz, 
  r9 290x, 
  8 gigs of ddr3 ram, 
  windows 8.1 x64, 
  i play it offline, 
  if both have the same custom cooling solution , i think it is worth . 
  however if the 290 is custom whereas 290x is reference , i 'd say pick the 290 . 
  hi , glad to hear you resolved your issue by switching to intel . 
  i have the very same issue . 
  i use an fx 8350 and r9 290x with it . 
  the problem of mine is a recent one . 
  i do n't remember having this kind of issue a couple of months ago . 
  i am away from my home for a week and my pc so i started reading everything i find about the issue . 
  now that i 've read all the comments in this post , something has just popped in my mind . 
  one day for some reason i had to remove my cpu just after applying thermal paste and installing the heatsink . 
  because the thermal paste was fresh , it was really sticky . 
  when i removed the heatsink , i removed the cpu as well accidentally because it sticked the heat sink . 
  cpu socket was still locked . 
  even though it is possible cpu survived it without any damage , it was still sticked to the heatsink and i had to remove it . 
  while trying to do so i bent a couple of pins . 
  though i fixed them back , this is the only thing i can remember about anything that could have damaged the cpu . 
  right now i can not check / confirm my theory because i wo n't be able to use my pc for a week , but i just wanted to remind you of that possibility . 
  though you got rid of this problem by switching to intel , whether you remember having this kind of accident or not might shed some light on the issue for other users having a similar problem . 
  i also wonder why you did n't rma the cpu . 
  well that 's what i thought in the first place . 
  fx is not a gaming cpu , its architecture is not okay for games etc.
