  you should contact the retailer . 
  no , actually , only the participating retailers willl give you a code . 
  if they are not , they might not give you a key . 
  unfortunately there seems to be none . 
  how does 10 mb connection being slow have anything to do with the subject ? 
  i am downloading at about 80 kb/s ~ 400 kb/s while i should be able to download at 1,25 mb/s . 
  also no one else is on the network , it 's just the tool seems to limit itself to 3 ~ mbps as i can easily see 10 mbps on speedtest . 
  it wo n't show you 10 mbps even if you download something at 9 . 
  it will show about 1 or so , as that is the bandwidth left for the test . 
  please , while media creation tool downloads windows 10 at 3 mbps , i can use the rest of the bandwidth , about 7 mbps , just fine . 
  a bunch of tine files theory could be it , though . 
  switching to opengl solved it for me . 
  newspaper 's name is baily dugle , a spiderman reference here, 
  edit : hey what did i say wrong ? 
  why the downvotes ? 
  also acp stands for audio co-processor, 
  gaming had the drivers for about 2-3 weeks as well , there was no sound blaster , though . 
  nah , audio drivers were there , it was just the sound blaster cinema app that was missing , not the actual drivers . 
  well , not necessarily . 
  many people were not aware of these drivers . 
  plus , sound blaster cinema is new . 
  well , kinda both . 
  i have an office 365 subscription , i also use onedrive from time to time , and i actively use outlook . 
  on the other hand i use chrome as my main browser , google photos for photo syncing , and of course i use gmail for business . 
  i can say i 'm in for both . 
  and actually i want to use a microsoft phone as well , however , their phones and operation system are nowhere near google 's . 
  android , its app market , customizability , these things are what put microsoft behind . 
  being a fan of amd is one thing , acknowledging their most recent cpus are not good is another . 
  i am , myself , an amd fan , however i have to use an intel cpu so i can get the most out of my amd graphics card . 
  * disney, 
  i think it 's rather id est for i.e. 
  and ~ ~ exampli ~ ~ exempli ^ ( ( thanks aabeba ) ^ ) gratia for e.g. 
  well , yes !, 
  but i was just pointing out the facts i 'm sure many people will enjoy knowing , even though they are not latin speakers , 
  frankly , if he aims for a good gaming performance , it really does n't matter whether he has a 4xxx , 5xxx or 6xxx series cpu . 
  or maybe pc is not as powerful as an xbox ? 
  not necessarily , maybe it 's just an i5 cpu without an external gpu . 
  would still perform well for media/office/surfing but would n't be fit for gaming . 
  are you using your windows in english ? 
  then it 's not going to work until nvidia releases a fix or you change your region settings to usa . 
  there is a bug with the latest versions that is causing this . 
  i myself have the same problem . 
  it 's not like dvi is obsolete and is expected to be causing problems . 
  i think this is more like ignoring the problem rather than solving it . 
  i 'm afraid shifts in such technological changes are not fast , so no , dvi might be dying , but it is not obsolete yet . 
  however , obsolete or not , in this case , switching from dvi to displayport is still ignoring the problem rather than a solution . 
  gpu supports dvi ? 
  yes . 
  monitor supports dvi ? 
  yes . 
  software supports dvi ? 
  yes . 
  then why suddenly suppose that it is old and problematic ? 
  my point is , yes , switching to dp might solve the issue , however i do n't think it is okay to encourage people to ignore problems rather than solve them . 
  that could be a temporary workaround , however problems will find their way back if they are ignored , especially if there is a hardware fault . 
  i have experienced the same crash with the same drivers with a gtx 980 a couple of times in the last two days . 
  could n't find a solution though , totally random . 
  so , can someone eli5 this for a guy like me who just switched from r9 290x to gtx 980 ? 
  i 'd like to hear you say that when one of them simply destroys your house with a bulldozer just to build a new park . 
  sure ? 
  sounds a lot like the problem i had with a 290x . 
  many people have had this with 290/x cards actually . 
  does your mobo have a debug code panel ? 
  try to reset the pc normally with reset button after the crash and observe the debug led . 
  power cable might be it , i do n't think it was about psu though , that 's not how your pc reacts when there is a psu failing . 
  recently switched from asus m5a99x evo r2 .0 + fx 8350 to msi z97 gaming 5 + intel i5 4690k . 
  all i had to do was simply remove the old parts and install new parts . 
  windows booted up saying `` configuring hardware '' . 
  a couple of minutes later , everything was working flawlessly . 
  windows 10 & 8 are really good in such things . 
  well if you are on windows 10 via an upgrade from 8 , you need to install windows 8 and upgrade again to windows 10 in order to have a registered windows 10 . 
  if you have a retail windows 8 or windows 10 key though , you just need to reactivate . 
  yes , two systems never worked simultaneously . 
  i still expected them to kill the previous activation once i activated with another mobo , though . 
  nah , it 's been more than a week like that . 
  i 've got the beast in my sights !, 
  you are greaaaaat !, 
  thanks !, 
  thing is , i really do n't want to download that 7.3 gb all over again as my down speed is not really good and i have a bandwidth . 
  i already use gog galaxy , i think you have not completely read my post . 
  oh right , sorry , got your post wrong , 
  it would be good to use gog galaxy , though . 
  i can run without it , i know , but auto update is good . 
  nah , 4chan seems like a pile of shit nowadays . 
  nothing like reddit 's community . 
  i feel you bro . 
  now i also think i might have wasted almost about a grand on a 980 . 
  not ti . 
  looks like i am going to sell this and get a r9 390x . 
  yeah , i 've spent about $ 700 i think . 
  nah , probably not . 
  maybe i would continue as an insider , but i would n't upgrade for $ 119 . 
  also , i would have liked this free upgrade program to be instead how it was with windows 8 upgrade . 
  i would rather pay $ 25 and get a proper , retail key than pay nothing and get an oem key ( not even a key , actually ) . 
  that 's a hard one , though . 
  you know , because adding some tesselation will just not work in this case . 
  because , at first , people wo n't be comparing nvidia results with amd results . 
  they will be expecting a performance improvement , a huge one actually , because so far all nvidia gpus gained from dx12 is a performance loss . 
  if ark 's dx12 update does n't grant nvidia cards the performance gain amd cards got with aos , this will be , all by itself , enough for people to smash nvidia . 
  only after people see the performance gain on nvidia cards , will they look for amd 's results and compare the two .
