  hmm ... 
  heard pes is nice this year , wan na give it a try after pc demo is out . 
  and that guy 's leg !, 
  it 's pure magic . 
  hmm yeah that makes sense . 
  thank you for the answer . 
  here 's to hoping that ronimo can add more bots to cover all nauts . 
  the best cpu in gaming is n't cost effective . 
  i usually do n't enjoy , no , i never enjoy horror movies , but well ... 
  i did enjoy this one . 
  some folks here say it was n't scary , but as someone who does n't like horror movies at all , i 've found myself pretty scared ( yeah , the jumpscares ) . 
  but the best part of the movie was n't the part i was scared , it was the part where - along with the rest of the losers club - i 've found out that he actually fed on fear and that 's why i had to be not scared . 
  i loved it . 
  fearing and overcoming the fear . 
  it just took the whole experience to another level . 
  now make one of them fall through the floor and another stuck in the wall - that would be damn perfect . 
  are you happy with the pedals ? 
  hint : flair, 
  glitches are bad . 
  glitching is bad . 
  however , if there are that serious glitches in the game that are not fixed right away , i think it 's their right to do a video about it . 
  ultimately it 's ubisoft 's fault that these glitches exist and keep existing . 
  making videos about it is the best way to get attention . 
  glitches and glitchers make the game unplayable and unless they fix them , ubisoft deserve the shrinking player base and hate from the remaining players . 
  this again ? 
  hey , i liked hearing lara constantly say `` damn it '' , `` no no no no no '' and scream, 
  big if true, 
  and i was mad at my isp . 
  then pinged google for a hundred times and there was no packet loss or high jitter , came here to see if there was something was wrong with rocket league . 
  i know , it 's just that i have been having issues in the last couple of days with my isp and it was the same thing that i suspected . 
  i mean do n't get me wrong i 'm totally against erdo\u011fan and i know people do suffer here but ... kurds being arrested , imprisoned , beaten , raped , tortured and executed for things as simple as speaking kurdish with their families or singing kurdish songs is total bs and it just looks like propaganda . 
  i can get behind it if you said police beat protestors singing kurdish songs , i could say ` yeah , that 's happening ' but turkish police beat every protestor nowadays , so it does n't really have anything to do with being a kurd or not :d, 
  rape , torture , execution ? 
  hell no . 
  turkey does n't even have execution laws . 
  and no one is tortured as long as they have pkk connections . 
  not saying everything is fine and dandy here in turkey , but what you say is outright propaganda . 
  aaah , wikipedia . 
  i do n't see source for people being raped , tortured or executed for `` speaking kurdish and singing kurdish songs '', 
  i live south east turkey and i have many , many kurdish friends and no , they are not raped/tortured/executed for singing songs . 
  yes there is racism , and yes , police here is shit can bring you in for some crime you did n't commit and torture you , but 1 ) it does n't have anything to do with being kurdish 2 ) they do n't bring you for singing . 
  i could n't see the part where they are raped/tortured/executed . 
  also , i quote myself `` i can get behind it if you said police beat protestors singing kurdish songs , i could say ` yeah , that 's happening ' '', 
  i know , that 's what i 'm saying . 
  it 'd be cool with some small donations . 
  hello guys , i have been following the lg g2 for a while . 
  and my guess was that the phone would be priced 649 $ ( or about ) in us , while about 649 $ for eu . 
  you know generally when a phone is priced 123 $ in us , it is priced the same in eu , only with a difference with the currency . 
  ( 123 $ in this case ), 
  but it looks like it is not going to be priced like that . 
  instead , seems like it will be priced just as it should be , with the correct conversion of currencies . 
  saturn.de already listed the phone for 499 $ with a price guarantee :, 
  and there is this source claiming the price will be about 350-400 # in uk , which makes about 472 $ . 
  alright guys , some of you might have heard this . 
  but i am going to start from the beginning . 
  a couple of days ago news about lg optimus g getting a 4.4 update this month spread . 
  according to the link below , it is already confirmed by lg electronics france . 
  now here is the tricky part . 
  the confirmation was done over a private facebook chat between a user and lg electronics france offical page . 
  i thought this was a hoax but yesterday i sent them the same message and got the same reply :, 
  the lg electronics france official page in question is this : https://www.facebook.com/lgfrance, 
  so , what do you think about this guys ? 
  how could this be possible ? 
  update : i do n't know what 's going on but lg electronics france replied `` exactly '' to my message `` you are saying that lg optimus g will be updated to 4.4 this month ? '', 
  here is the link for that . 
  well , for a couple of days now , i see under my devices a gt-i9300 . 
  i can see it in android device manager and in google play store as well . 
  the thing is , i never owned a gt-i9300 and i do n't have t-mobile in my country . 
  so , where did this phone come from ? 
  i tried to locate it from android device manager but no location info is available . 
  what do you guys think ? 
  as you know in fifa 14 air balls auto switching is disaster so i set it to manual . 
  but the question is how do you defend corners without it ? 
  now that moira is gone , do you think oliver will run for mayor `` to honor his mother 's memory '' ? 
  so just played a match with one of these on online seasons . 
  the guy beat me 1-3 where he played as real madrid and me galatasaray . 
  i do n't know how we got matched since there is a clear quality difference between the two teams but anyway , we started the match . 
  the guy had pressure on me naturally but he did n't attack . 
  i mean all he did was to press higher up the pitch and force me to concede corners . 
  when he got them , what he did was annoying . 
  he switched right foot and left foot corner takers again and again until he found the one specific way players are positioned . 
  he scored 2 goals from corners with ronaldo , from the same position with the same tactic . 
  the other goal was a late goal which i did n't really care because the game was already over and i was already promoted . 
  i think the way the players change their positions when a different corner taker with a different foot is selected is non-sense . 
  i think what is actually non-sense is they have pre-determined positions so someone who just `` memorized '' the way the players are positioned and the way to beat them could spam this easily . 
  what do you think ? 
  i was 6/0/3 and had guarenteed the promotion to division 4 but i was a draw away from the division title . 
  anyway i played the match , lost it 2-3 . 
  i was still pleased because i had the promotion but when post-match point screen ( or whatever it is called ) showed up , i was 0/0/1 . 
  i advanced , thought it was just a bug . 
  but in the home screen i saw myself in the division 4 and 9 games remaining . 
  also i am sure it was the last match and i did n't start the new season ; even the commentators implied many times that this was the last . 
  anyone had the same ? 
  so here we were playing 3vs3 with some guys . 
  we were in front , destroying all their turrets and solar difference had started to be something like 1000 . 
  we were in front for about 1000 solars or so . 
  all of our turrets were still standing . 
  then , the enemy team apparently agreed to ragequit and they disconnected one by one . 
  then another three guys joined in and they also left . 
  before any of the enemy players disconnected their solars were around 2000 but after they and the ones came after disconnected as well , bots we were against were just too damn powerful .
