  ram version please ? 
  version ? 
  [ well , that escalated quickly ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gv0dp0g.png ), 
  it has worse vrm though . 
  gaming 5 is basically a gaming k7 without external bclk generator . 
  you can simply check the sticker on the sticks , 
  which one would you recommend ? 
  rc2 or this version ? 
  gr8 b8 m8 i r8 it 8/8 . 
  omg this is gold !, 
  i mean , i do n't know what else can solve the memory compatibility issues if all these advanced control options can not !, 
  nice job , gigabyte , nice job !, 
  can you tell us what your ram , ram version and memory die are ? 
  hmm ... then i guess we should expect even more options with future agesa updates ... for now , it seems promising and it is an improvement i guess , 
  3200 and cl14 ? 
  samsung b-die for sure . 
  how about ... 
  kinda yes . 
  but , i will just go buy nvidia in this case . 
  sorry amd , i tried . 
  why ? 
  i 'm not buying for myself . 
  who is this ... 
  rumor guy ? 
  why is it necessary for intel though ? 
  for you ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  i picked up my gtx980 before i picked up my freesync monitor and i have no problems whatsoever . 
  feels nice being able to use 144 hz . 
  looking for vega though to use the freesync . 
  sigh ... you have no idea on islamic culture , do you ? 
  allah akbar does n't mean `` hey , take some explosives '' you know ? 
  it 's a religious chant that is most of the time used during funerals but has a bad reputation now only because of isis . 
  sigh ... 
  even if this story was real it would n't make it a genocide . 
  it was wartime . 
  world war . 
  the fall of an empire . 
  people killed each other . 
  a lot . 
  that apparently does n't matter for some people . 
  anyone with a dual rank ram ( particularly corsair vengeance lpx 2x8 3200 cl16 samsung e-die ) having success ? 
  not for criticising the president but rather for being one of the biggest financial supporters of fet\u00d6 , the group seen responsible of the recent coup attempt in turkey by the turkish government . 
  as a turkish citizen , i think it is possible erdo\u011fan is behind the coup attempt , but erdo\u011fan and fethullah g\u00fclen are two of the same thing . 
  after all , they worked together in the past and it was erdo\u011fan who allowed their organisation easy way into the turkish government . 
  well i do n't know . 
  i do n't think it was fake . 
  i think it 's more likely that erdo\u011fan was aware it was gon na happen and was prepared to take control and turn it into his advantage . 
  i think that should n't be the case . 
  i remember using mine without the mic . 
  how are you connecting your cloud into your phone ? 
  are you using the y-cable or not ? 
  try using a y cable if not . 
  or , try using without one . 
  there is also an e-die lpx , so i would n't be sure . 
  can tell you this though : ver 4.24 is e-die , 4.34 ( 32 ? ), 
  is b-die and 5.34 is hynix . 
  you can just check the sticker on your ram for version or you can check with thaiphoon burner, 
  previously i could n't boot past 2666 , now i can use 3200 . 
  also there is now support for 42x multiplier . 
  oh , sorry i forgot to mention my ram model . 
  it 's corsair vengeance lpx 2x8 3200 cl16 ( ver4 .24 dual-rank samsung e-die ), 
  i have an x370 gaming 5 . 
  it 's always nice to have betas , but the last couple of bios updates for gaming 5 has been nothing short of a disaster . 
  yes , i can finally use my 3200 cl16 kit at its rated speed ( though i have to give it 1.45 v ) , but the bios is so unstable that after a cmos reset i only have one shot at setting the bios . 
  so it goes like this :, 
  * boot into bios, 
  * set up your memory & cpu oc, 
  * unstable ? 
  bootloop . 
  reset cmos is the only option . 
  * stable ? 
  well ... 
  forget that uefi for a long time . 
  even if you have 100 % stable oc , the second you hit del to enter bios the system will lockup and will require more than a couple of restarts to boot . 
  * made it into bios ? 
  you have like 3-4 seconds before bios becomes unresponsive too . 
  also there are random cold boot issues . 
  even if i have a fully stable oc with 5-6 hours of p95 and other tests , you may find your pc in a bootloop come the morning . 
  just three months ago . 
  i mean , can you imagine ? 
  bclk generator sounds nice , but k5 is lacking on many other aspects so i 'd say go with gaming 5, 
  i hear you brave young psychonauticalvoyage ,, 
  you are hungry for the rock . 
  but to learn the ancient method ,, 
  sacred doors you must unlock . 
  escape your father 's clutches ,, 
  and this oppressive neighborhood . 
  on a journey you must go ,, 
  to find the land of hollywood !, 
  in the city of fallen angels ,, 
  where the ocean meets the sand ,, 
  you will form a strong alliance ,, 
  and the world 's most awesome band . 
  to find your fame and fortune ,, 
  through the valley you must walk . 
  you will face your inner demons . 
  now go my son and rock !, 
  source : https://youtu.be/hvvjie4adui, 
  i do n't get it :(, 
  re-grease the rails with nyogel 767a if you can find it .
