  you buy i5 with a 1060 to use it 1440p ? 
  that 's not either . 
  you buy i7 and a 1060 ? 
  nope . 
  if you still want to use 1080 ti on 1080p , well sure go ahead and buy a 7700k . 
  but if you 're not ... why would you like to pay extra for the i7 , which wo n't give you a tangible performance gain since then your bottleneck will be gpu ? 
   most people wo n't even think twice before buying something that costs $ 400 bucks . 
  i did n't know people were so keen on throwing their money away . 
   by h1 of next year , when you can have 1080ti performance for 1070 money , your entire argument of `` you 'll never game at 1080p with the power of a 1080ti '' falls apart . 
  i am not saying you will never game at 1080p with the power of a 1080ti . 
  i 'm saying you will never game at 1080p with a 1080ti . 
  there is difference . 
  also , gpu requirements wo n't have such a jump that you will need a gpu with 1080ti power for 1080p . 
  do n't talk like we can have a 1160 next year that is as powerful as a 1080ti . 
  you 're right in that with next generation powerful gpus will be cheaper , but in these kinds of tests 7700k is already utilised 100 % with no headroom left . 
  it does n't make a difference if you buy a 7700k for future-proofing only to buy next generation 's 1180 because you 're already bottlenecked by 7700k . 
  what you will do with a more powerful gpu is you 're gon na use a monitor with more pixels or you will enable more details or there will be new games that require more gpu power . 
  keep in mind that 7700k is four cores with or without ht and there is only so much headroom left on it . 
  and ryzen as far as i know is not even utilised properly , so there is no reason for ryzen to be not utilised more efficiently with upcoming titles . 
  even patches to current gen games make a big difference on how ryzen is utilised . 
  4 cores are getting obsolete . 
  you should get used to it . 
   that 's how you actually balance a system out , with the immediate future in mind . 
  balancing for the past is utterly senseless . 
  you are not balancing for the past , you are balancing for the present . 
  nope , and gigabyte does n't seem to care . 
  oh i 'm not recommending i5 at all . 
  sorry for being rude , it 's just in my country a 7700k is around 1500 liras , while an i5 can be found ( depending on if it 's k or not ) around 700 liras to 1000 liras . 
  so that 's quite a bit of a jump just for hyperthreading . 
  and minimum wage around here is 1300 liras by the way :d, 
  i do n't understand the arrow keys and the extra right arrow key ... 
  * sigh * i already read every comment :(, 
  til . 
  thanks a lot , 
  nope . 
  i think they 'll accept my rma though . 
  nope , not all has it . 
  some people have no issues . 
  i will rma too when i have time , 
  not muh batman, 
  of ana to a my mur der, 
  got ta admit , i did n't see it coming, 
  nah she 's alright, 
  o h b o y, 
  i do n't know about the game but i can answer some of your questions . 
  * i have yet to see a game that does n't support vibration . 
  * as long as you are in the big picture mode , you can play multiple games in a long session as long as nothing crashes etc. 
  * lag is mostly dependant on your network and your tv . 
  use a wired network ( both link and pc connected wired ) and a tv with a low input lag and you 're golden . 
  * you can connect keyboard , mouse and headphones ( usb ) to link . 
  i 'm not sure about bluetooth headphones but the link has bluetooth so it may work . 
  if you buy an additional software called virtual here , you can connect any usb device as if you 're connecting them directly to your pc . 
  * steam link can stream not only steam games , but the whole pc desktop . 
  so you can do anything . 
  * you can play destiny 2 with full controller support as long as you add it as a non steam game . 
  is it a ryzen build and gigabyte mobo ? 
  if so they have this weirdest bug on their mobos . 
  workaround : remove the cmos battery and all power connectors on mobo , wait ten minutes and plug them back in . 
  graduated last year . 
  you ? 
  nope . 
  not at all related to cell phone . 
  did n't happen with my previous mobo . 
  so i guess it 's a. . . wrap . 
  ayyyy, 
  how is this done ? 
  do they have some kind of a tracker inside the ball ? 
  how is this done ? 
  do they have some kind of a tracker inside the ball ? 
  yes that happens to me as well . 
  it appears while some other programs are in focus , steam controller can not control mouse . 
  i believe you can reproduce this with mumble . 
  it may have to do with steam not starting in administrator mode . 
  mumble is a low latency voice chat program for gamers . 
  much like discord, 
  that 's just you . 
  i do n't think lex luthor needs a new actor . 
  it just needs a be lex luthor . 
  eisenberg is perfectly capable of luthor , he just needs better material . 
  i mean , i think jesse eisenberg is good enough an actor to do what 's asked of him and not to do what 's not asked of him . 
  if he had n't been directed to be weird , he would n't have been weird . 
  i do n't mind though i like both the acting and the writing . 
  he 's talking about a ** 970m ** though ... 
  i will be back with ... 
  what does imprinted mean ? 
  did you check virtual here settings in the link ? 
  this is also where hitler still lives . 
  nah , it 's only disappointing if you really want the best cpu in gaming . 
  otherwise it 's quite the contrary . 
  ryzen is such a huge success . 
  well $ 500 amd cpu beats $ 340 intel cpu , just not in gaming , and it does n't have to actually beat it in gaming to be competitive . 
  they have a team of highly trained monkeys to deal with the situation . 
  you are the dumb **** for thinking a price tag can only be justified with gaming performance . 
  `` that moon in the trailers ? 
  yeah , it 's definitely not another death star ! '', 
  * turns out it was *, 
  in this case though he is not modifying or adding any modules as he stated in his post . 
  he 's just enabling the modules hidden by gigabyte, 
  do the series still have momentum ? 
  i 'm out if that shit is still there .
