  so if you charge your phone with a powerbank while using it ( or keeping it turned on ) , the ratio of charging will never be 1:1 because the power source not only charges the battery but powers your phone as well . 
  quite honestly i also expect the camera shutter speed to be as fast as xz . 
  even using the ported xz camera apk brought great improvements in speed . 
  i do n't think z5 is in anyway incapable of being as fast as xz in that regard . 
  35 dead 40 wounded, 
  you can also buy one from amazon if it 's not sold via steam in your country . 
  can anyone with a z5 tell me how the camera is in custom roms ? 
  never left stock so far because i assumed the camera would be shittier ( because sony drm ) , but perhaps i am wrong to assume ? 
  why is sony not releasing concept or even beta for z5 or xz ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  what 's the point ? 
  this is stupid . 
  dropbox ? 
  there was a camera addon called `` time burst '' or something like that . 
  you could give it a shot ( literally ) , but i remember it not being convenient . 
  you 're not alone, 
  i would n't use prime for testing the stability . 
  it is known for not being optimal for intel cpus . 
  try occt , aida64 or intel burn test for stability testing ( or all ) . 
  yeah . 
  he says he found a medium of sorts in iran ( or iraq ? ), 
  and asked him to summon atat\u00fcrk 's ghost . 
  when the medium summoned him , he asked atat\u00fcrk `` did you sell the country and make a profit out of it ? '', 
  and atat\u00fcrk said `` yes , i did . '', 
  also a couple of months ago he claimed that shakespeare 's original name was \u015eeyh pir and he was secretly muslim . 
  the guy is nuts . 
  so are many of atat\u00fcrk haters around the country . 
  some atat\u00fcrk haters hate him because he removed caliphacy and changed the religion of the country to secular from islam . 
  but others are followers of nutjobs like kadir m\u0131s\u0131ro\u011flu and mustafa arma\u011fan ( conspiracy theorist claiming to be historians ) . 
  if it 's chilly then that 's probably ok and you should n't worry . 
  yes , he made mistakes , too . 
  but then again he said `` if one day my words contradict science , follow science . '', 
  welcome to the internet , where you can post random photos with random descriptions attached to them with no source or whatsoever and it becomes real . 
  legit criticisms ? 
  all this guy does is making claims without anything to back up with . 
  `` atat\u00fcrk is bad because he limited rights of muslims ! '', 
  oh really ? 
  what rights are these , for example ? 
  if you 're gon na tell me he executed some cult leaders . 
  what would you have him do ? 
  `` oh sorry dear religious cults , you killed my soldiers , beheaded them and put their heads on spike and ran the streets . 
  can you please not do that ? 
  thanks . '', 
  wait , what ? 
  how does that even work ? 
  did n't chainfire sell supersu to some chinese company ? 
  i think i 'll take a pass ... 
  yeah i think i read about it on somewhere . 
  do n't quote me on that though . 
  according to cnn turk live tv report , attackers had these on them :, 
  2 rpgs, 
  also there were two cars with explosives inside . 
  terrorists were able to blow up one of them , but failed to detonate the other . 
  they apparently planned something so much bigger . 
  but this attack was prevented thanks to one police officer , who noticed the terrorists and started shooting them . 
  so far 2 dead , 6 or 7 wounded . 
  another terrorist is said to be at large , but there is no solid info on this . 
  the search goes on . 
  edit : photos of the equipment carried by the attackers :, 
  he was a traffic police officer . 
  rip . 
  to be fair camera is exactly the same sensor wise . 
  there is the rgb sensor , which helps a bit with the colours ; but the difference between the two devices camera wise is very very little . 
  this looks too good for fsx . 
  you know the question , 
  everytime a new cemu version is released , i just overwrite the whole cemu folder with the new one . 
  so far , everything is ok with no save data loss . 
  well , at least i am glad to know i am not the only one facing it . 
  he was captured as part of an operation conducted in esenyurt , istanbul . 
  i believe there was no gunfight and he was not expecting to be found as he has been captured alive . 
  it 's disappointing not to have manual camera controls included in the update . 
  only z5 premium is 4k . 
  just fyi . 
  i 'm glad you solved your problem , but i do n't think it has anything to do with split screen . 
  mine is not even eu version to begin with . 
  so , what kind of a rule should we create ? 
  is it possible to enter multiple resolutions to upscale from ? 
  interesting ... 
  i 've tried the packs from there but it does n't seem to help , unfortunately . 
  ok , with a little bit digging i 've found this pull request . 
  which suggests adding these lines to the rules.txt for mario kart 8 :, 
  # multiplayer-mode resolution ( 2p ), 
  [ textureredefine ], 
  height = 720, 
  formatsexcluded = 0x41a # exclude obvious textures, 
  # multiplayer-mode resolution ( 4p ), 
  [ textureredefine ], 
  height = 360, 
  formatsexcluded = 0x41a # exclude obvious textures, 
  aaand it works !, 
  thanks for your help . 
  you might wan na check comments below as i have discovered a solution . 
  me , too . 
  i do n't understand sony , honestly . 
  when z5 was their flagship , they did n't release any betas or concept softwares for it , but instead went for their older flagship z3 . 
  they even released a nougat preview for z3 only to announce later that they wo n't be giving the actual update to z3 . 
  now their new flagship is xz but it does n't get any betas or previews again . 
  by their previous logic , beta/concept should be out for z5 but instead they release it for xperia x which is a mid-tier device . 
  and now this ... manual camera controls are super easy for them to implement . 
  i understand not getting the new ui but manual controls are just so easy .
