  the amd catalyst \u2122 software suite , amd catalyst \u2122 15.7 contains the following : amd catalyst \u2122 display driver version 15.20.1046, 
  compatible operating systems : windows \u00ae 10 ( 32 & 64-bit ) , windows \u00ae 8.1 ( 32 & 64-bit ) and windows \u00ae 7 sp1 or higher ( 32 & 64-bit ), 
  included highlights : visit the features section below to learn more about the following :, 
  windows \u00ae 10 technical preview support, 
  virtual super resolution ( vsr ), 
  performance optimizations versus amd catalyst \u2122 omega, 
  amd freesync \u2122 and amd crossfire \u2122 support, 
  amd crossfire \u2122 profile enhancements for the following games :, 
  battlefield : hardline evolve far cry \u00ae 4, 
  lords of the fallen project cars total war : attila, 
  alien : isolation \u2122 assassin 's creed \u00ae unity civilization \u00ae : beyond earth \u2122, 
  fifa 2015 grid autosport ryse : son of rome, 
  talos principle the crew grand theft auto v, 
  dying light the witcher \u00ae 3 : wild hunt, 
  download and install , just as before windows 10 . 
  check if your mobo has a setting for disabling usb devices during post . 
  i have three options for usb device support for post :, 
  no support, 
  partial support ( only keyboard and mouse ), 
  full support, 
  something like partial support might do the trick for you . 
  they are actually pretty good for me . 
  did you try swiping the drivers using ddu in safe mode ? 
  most of the time this will solve your problems . 
  can you tell me the nature of the bug ? 
  what happens exactly ? 
  i recently have started to have some issues with audio however i am not sure whether my integrated sound card is going bad or i am affected by this bug . 
  hmm simply no sound ? 
  no feedback noise or something like that ? 
  hmm , my issue seems to be caused by the chip itself then . 
  thanks !, 
  by gpu load , i mean the the amount of utiliziation of the gpu by games , not fan speed . 
  such games are the witcher 2 , metro last light , bioshock infinite, 
  hmm nice info , thanks for that . 
  i will try to lower down pci freq as much as possible , see what minimum i can use . 
  i was thinking of it yet i wanted to try another thing first . 
  today switched to intel with a brand new i5 4690k and an msi z97 gaming 5 mobo . 
  it appears my mobo was kinda broken , since i no longer see any kind of crashes with new mobo . 
  in batman v superman trailer we see a robin suit with `` joke 's on you batman '' on it . 
  in this trailer when the joker says `` i 'm just gon na hurt you really really bad '' , in the background song says something like `` blabla joke 's on me '', 
  joker torturing robin confirmed . 
  what is wrong with dijkstra quests ? 
  oh man , i feel your pain , that must suck . 
  hope this gets fixed soon , fortunately i did n't have such an issue . 
  here is a comment , then . 
  just installed the patch i downloaded via gog.com , however after the patch gog galaxy started downloading an additional 1.1 gb of files . 
  did anyone have this ? 
  it has a direct influence with whom you end up with as a love interest in the ending, 
  i did n't say her i love you in my first run , yet i still said stay with me , which i think got me locked with her . 
  so you say only thing that has influence is the last chat in the end of `` now or never '', 
  thank you so much, 
  apparently there is something haunting the place , they need to hire a witcher . 
  what is this and how can i get this code ? 
  i have bought a 4690k as well but did n't notice any codes or such . 
  how can i get it ? 
  no to roam away from the topic , but pkk is not a simple radical left internationalistic group . 
  they are terrorists . 
  hmm most probably that is the case . 
  such things are generally us-only and i am not from us . 
  like , 3 dollars ? 
  who 's this dragon ? 
  saskia 's father ? 
  so , no more crossfire bridges ? 
  + / u/user _ simulator fffurkandeger, 
  first off describe what kind of crash it is . 
  also always make sure you check event viewer and bluescreenviewer , which are most of the time helpful . 
  wow such source very credible much news wow . 
  seriously , such news reports are bullshit . 
  i hate erdogan and all , but such claims are total bullshit . 
  the resolution is also important , however your laptop should do fine running the game . 
  just do not expect anything higher than medium, 
  oooh i ca n't go any further than thiiis ... 
  sorry but this is bullshit . 
  i am a turk as well and i have never been nice to people just because i felt they would gossip about me if i was n't . 
  all the nice people i have ever known were nice because they were nice in heart , because they were raised to be nice . 
  i do n't know if they are what you should be getting , however i am pretty sure 6300 will bottleneck a 970 . 
  looks like a bad vram to me , however you should first try what / u/goodpostsallday suggested . 
  lol , get your facts right boy , pkk is a terrorist organization . 
  are you two guys on meth or something ? 
  keep dreaming boy . 
  i wonder if there is such a combination for xbox 360 controller as well . 
  yeah , actually xbox controller turns itself off if not used for a while and i can also turn it off by removing the battery for a second , however i would like to have a proper method to turn it off . 
  yeah , yeah , whatever you say , 
  i think that 's highly unlikely especially with the upcoming directx 12, 
  it 's funny how everyone starts to see pkk as `` freedom fighters '' or `` independence fighters '' . 
  they are fucking terrorists . 
  they might have fought is when they had to but that does n't make them guardian angels of the region or simple freedom fighters . 
  it 's not like they decided is was bad and went to fight . 
  they fight them because is has become a great threat to them . 
  once this is done they wo n't sit back and say `` right , we won the war , here are the weapons you gave us , there we go into a peace process in which there will be no wars or weapons . 
  oh also we wo n't do terrorist acts anymore , thanks . '', 
  i do not support erdogan here , i hate him and i did n't vote for him or his party , and i will never do that . 
  however people should understand that , pkk , so far , has been a greater enemy for turkey and turkish people . 
  these guys have been killing our people for decades and so far they 've caused 40k casualties . 
  yes is is bad , but from our point of view pkk has already been worse . 
  so do n't expect us to suddenly forget all things pkk did to us and help them only to get rid of is , which is an organization , although as bad as pkk , that did n't harm turkey in any way until suruc bombing . 
  we can not simply turn a blind eye to them , especially not when they started killing our soldiers and cops again . 
  asuncion , paraguay looks like a giant carrot, 
  it is the loneliest giant carrot in the world . 
  to me , the second one looks more like the huntress , rather than batgirl .
