  there seems to be something wrong with a ) the gpu 's cooling b ) thermal sensor of the gpu . 
  check if fans are working . 
  here is what i recommend if they do ; try to feel the temperature around your gpu by putting your hand against the gpu cooler 's blow . 
  if there is any metal part of the gpu that are not fans or pcb , touch and try to feel the temps . 
  usually when something is wrong with the cooling you 'll find that the cooler itself is pretty cool and the air blown out of it is not hot enough to meet these temps . 
  then you 'll know something is wrong with cooler 's contact with the gpu ( bad thermal paste etc. ), 
  or thermal sensor is faulty . 
  yeah , sounds right . 
  however nvidia explicitly announced that the founders edition will be 699 and msrp will be 599 . 
  what is terrible about tomb raider on dx12 ? 
  i use it and my framerates are great . 
  except crossfire or sli , a multi-gpu setup is a pain in the ass . 
  hmm , that 's weird , i gain 2-3 frames after switching to dx12, 
  [ this is the source . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eqco0ltuhse ), 
  shh baby is ok ... 
  as much as i love the hate train against erdo\u011fan and his government , please be informed that the biggest reason erdo\u011fan was able to rise to power was the joke that is opposition parties . 
  while erdo\u011fan is a dickhead , situation in turkey does n't improve with other parties/politicians/political views . 
  with that in mind , please be reminded that not every news shitting and blaming erdo\u011fan is true , as this is the only action opposition parties can do ; most of the time they just lie , just like erdo\u011fan does . 
  also please do n't hate or shit on turkish people . 
  please channel your hate on erdo\u011fan . 
  thank you . 
  i 'll get downvoted to hell for this , but here goes ... 
  turkey in its foundation did n't take pride in being a successor to the ottoman empire . 
  the founder , mustafa kemal atat\u00fcrk did n't definitely take pride in it . 
  however , in order to be able to get support for his idea of a republic , he could n't just ignore ottoman empire , because although the the country founded was to be a republic , the people had been ruled by the ottoman empire for around 600 years . 
  it was n't easy for them to move on to a republic , especially given their low education levels . 
  also many soldiers and commanders fought during wwi did so thinking they were supposed to `` save '' ottoman empire , rather than founding a new country with a completely different style of ruling , without its old traditions . 
  after the foundation of the republic , ottoman fanaticism degraded around the country over the years but there were always riots , claiming `` the religion and old traditions were lost '' ( often secretly supported by england , france ) . 
  erdo\u011fan is a result of these people , one of his biggest idols is said nursi for example , who was a religious fanatic who opposed the idea of a republic back in atat\u00fcrk 's time . 
  i , for one , do n't like ottoman empire and never liked it . 
  by the way , to anyone enjoying this because it pisses off erdo\u011fan ;, 
  this will for a long time piss off the majority of turkish people . 
  it does n't really have to do with erdo\u011fan being a dictator hungry for power . 
  no matter who the president of the country is , this will piss them off . 
  because the majority , like a big majority of the individuals in the country has been educated for decades against the genocide . 
  as a translator myself , i would n't recommend using google translate for turkish as it is just terrible . 
  though i did n't mean to say anything related to your reply , i would like to just say this : there was a time when ottoman empire flourished , while europe was in shit . 
  i personally do n't like ottoman empire as a turk , and prefer atat\u00fcrk 's secular republic a thousand times better . 
  also i hate islamization , as that was just what happened to us turks back when we believed in turkic gods . 
  i was just trying to clarify to my friend that you europeans , west , you are always about yourselves . 
  always . 
  you have no clue about what happened here in turkey , you have some sources , yes . 
  what i mean is you just * do n't * understand . 
  even today , you have no idea about our culture , our daily lives , our traditions , our values . 
  you do n't respect them , you just have no clue , yet you keep interfering , you judge without understanding , knowing . 
  you never think about our side of the story . 
  that is all i want to say . 
  you 're talking as if pro-genocide movements are not run by armenian diaspora . 
  give me a break . 
  you are welcome , sir !, 
  you will find that atat\u00fcrk was a great person . 
  there is a reason we officially recognise him as `` atat\u00fcrk '' , which literally means `` father of turks '', 
  this is stupid . 
  did you even check one of the links ? 
  there are thousands of articles written by many historians around the world . 
  talk about bias ... 
  that 's actually a good thing if it turns out to be a good movie . 
  then we can reply with `` oh you did n't see the ultimate cut ? 
  it was great '' to the naysayers, 
  home key is working wonders there, 
  how so ? 
  people out here really needs to be informed of turkey 's stance on this subject . 
  no one is ever denying that the events armenians like to call `` genocide '' did happen . 
  what most of us turkish people claim is that the events are not as claimed , enough so to be called a genocide . 
  we claim the events did not occur with the intention of `` systematically eliminating armenians '' and the numbers in question are much lower than advertised . 
  according to ottoman records , there were n't even 1 million armenians living there . 
  there are many other sources to be reviewed and such , however for some reason , rest of the world do n't give a fuck about our sources unless it benefits them . 
  like, 
  ` even your own sources tell armenians were massacred back then ! ', 
  ` but they also say these massacres did n't apply only to armenians and other people such as kurds and even turks , also they say the number is much much lower and conditions seem to be different ', 
  ` bullshit find a source that is n't turkish !! ', 
  ` lol what ? ', 
  i do n't deny the events , i deny the genocide . 
  so , yes . 
  am i not allowed to ? 
  i remember them !, 
  just never occured to me that they were tomb raider references , it makes sense . 
  geralt actually says something like `` that 's nice , could use one of those '' after seeing the zipline, 
  that 's thing , there was n't a mass murder of a million people . 
  mass murders were on such a small scale and most of them were not even committed by ottomans . 
  some were done by the local people , some were committed by bandits and the like . 
  most of the armenians died during the relocation , because of deceases and other attacks . 
  when i say events , i do n't mean the armenian diaspora 's version of events . 
  and let me remind you that the whole thing was a retaliation because armenia tried to pull a plot with russian support , but it backfired . 
  see , turkey does n't accept it as a genocide , because doing so would be accepting everything armenia claims . 
  the government has a system . 
  i think that 's lag from leon 's side . 
  you know what , we could actually get rid of this sucker for good last election . 
  akp could n't get majority in the parliament and there were two options : coalition or a new election ( if no two parties can agree on a coalition ) these fucking stupid opposition parties just failed to agree . 
  omg i can not describe how stupid they were . 
  chp devised a plan in which chp and mhp could form a coalition government with the support of hdp 's voting . 
  hdp as far as i know was willing to support this just for the sake of getting rid of akp . 
  however , probably because being stupid was not enough , mhp simply said : `` we do not want to form a government with the support of hdp . '', 
  after that , these stupid buttheads went into a mood where they refused anything related to hdp . 
  it was almost they could say `` we do n't want to breathe if they did . '', 
  ugh , stupid morons . 
  then of course no coalition could be formed and we went for another election and this time akp got the majority . 
  sigh . 
  so please can we also start a campaign to offend opposition parties for their inability to get rid of erdo\u011fan ?
