  i use the last full range pcie x16 and do not have any issues . 
  we can not change subtimings , that 's for certain . 
  though i wonder , does setting xmp have an effect on them ? 
  so far i have assumed it does n't but i would like to get an answer if someone has it . 
  if it does though , it really sounds troubling . 
  hmm that explains it then . 
  i do not use the optical output . 
  just the analog ones . 
  btw no it 's not a bug . 
  check gigabyte forums , there are actually a couple of people who 's having the same problem ( blaster z not being recognized ) . 
  i think gigabyte is aware of the issue and working on it . 
  you can check here : http://forum.gigabyte.us/thread/810/ax370-gaming-sound-blaster-issue, 
  i mean yeah , xmp can change all subtimings normally . 
  i know that . 
  but at the current state of the mobos users can not change said subtimings . 
  does it mean the xmp are also not effective when they should be ? 
  yeah that was my suspicion as well . 
  hopefully all these issues can be ironed out in no time . 
  can you share the f5e ? 
  ca n't find it anywhere . 
  there is f5f but that one does n't save voltages . 
  well , in my case 3200 of the same ram was cheaper than the 3000 one . 
  so , there 's that ... 
  yeah , maybe . 
  do you put your pc in sleep ? 
  then do n't . 
  as far as i know there is a sleep bug that causes this after wake-up from sleep . 
  i think you mean gaming 3 ... anyways , i 'm in the same boat with gaming 5 ... 
  in the same video they also said they did n't yet test in games . 
  they said `` in some benchmarks , oc ryzen single core passes even oc 7700k single core '' . 
  also they did n't say high oc or whatsoever . 
  they just said it was super easy , which it was . 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  i 'm turkish native , i fucking understand what they say in their videos . 
  i think it will still boot , allowing you to update bios with a usb key . 
  and there is that . 
  have dual alc1220 chips on my gigabyte aorus x370 gaming 5 . 
  it 's nice and loud when it works ( comparable to my previous gigabyte board which had quad core creative recon 3di with opamp ) . 
  but ... 
  most of the time it has crackles and distortion on front panel due to unknown reasons and it seems to be fairly common ( probably a chipset issue on the driver/bios side ) so i stick to my xonar dgx for now . 
  you sure it 's your front panel cable ? 
  many users reporting crackling/distortion issues with x370 gaming 5 . 
  yeah , since there are two different chips for each panel ( rear/front ) , it 's not really possible to rule out an issue on the mobo side ... 
  but yes , it is entirely possible that you 're suffering from the same issue ... 
  though if it 's only a static noise on the background , i would reroute the front panel cable ... 
  if you 're running it from the back of the motherboard , it 's possible that other wires are causing interference . 
  what do you mean by `` extra '' ? 
  care to elaborate ? 
  tasked to run front speaker out how ? 
  do you have two front panel jacks ? 
  sorry for my lack of knowledge , i am just trying to understand the issue here . 
  some really nice improvements in gta v , rotr , dirt rally and overwatch . 
  thanks for the hard work , now if i can get my ram to work at 3200 ... 
  yeah the way i see it , at least 2933 or 3200 is a must for ryzen . 
  there is also 3200 results in this graph, 
  it does !, 
  but i doubt it scales well or at all with it . 
  well , there is a performance gain with faster ram on all cpus , but ryzen gains more from faster ram because two ccxs are connected with an infinity fabric which clocks at a 1:1 ratio with ram speed . 
  so , faster ram = faster ccx communication = better gaming performance . 
  it 's actually 1:1 to ddr speed , not the effective speed ( ** double ** data rate ), 
  it totally depends on voltage , but i am cool with 1.300 v with at 3.8 ghz . 
  just change offset mode to manual , do n't bother with offset . 
  sounds kinda strange since everyone seemed to praise the 172 as the best plane in x-plane ... 
  snatched one !, 
  that 's the best day of the month !, 
  make sure you have the latest cpu-z version . 
  were your other problems resolved once you brought your mobo back to life ? 
  well , * i did n't see that coming *, 
  seriously ? 
  i do n't know , i will definitely try but , you know , i 've tried many things to get rid of that issue although those did n't include uninstalling app center . 
  you had me . 
  finally an update . 
  using a gaming 5 , i am now able to boot with 2666 mhz ( corsair lpx 2x8 gb 3200 ) . 
  previously i was n't getting anything more than 2133 , so that 's an improvement i guess , 
  my gaming 5 stuck the same , the solution was to remove memory sticks ( 1 and 3 ) and put one of them into the second slot , let it boot up to bios , save settings and install memory sticks back to their original slots . 
  yes , i support this idea . 
  if you have no specific reason to not buy nvidia , just go get your 1080 ti . 
  we are consumers after all . 
  we can not wait for amd to release a competitive product forever . 
  if you wan na sell your products then you must release it first . 
  you can not simply rely on your `` fan base '' . 
  save the clocktower !, 
  it 's a bit kinky for me . 
  when i start a game with night light on , it works fine until alt-tabbing out of the game , which immediately disables the night light . 
  it does n't work until i turn it off and on again . 
  hi , thank you for your time and support !, 
  i want to ask a question . 
  some x370 gaming 5 users ( including myself ) are having trouble with their audio ports ( especially front audio with crackling and noises ) . 
  you can find detailed feedback on the following posts ( please check comments ) :, 
  my question is , are these problems somehow related to a common hardware defect and the only fix is rma or can we expect some kind of bios or driver update to address these issues ? 
  thanks !, 
  sorry if inappropriate , but what is lfc ? 
  gtx 1060 ? 
  * sigh *, 
  perhaps / u/gbt _ matthew can enlighten us . 
  that does n't look healthy but i can say it has nothing to do with your turtle being gravid . 
  on sale here in turkey too . 
  price of 1600 is around 1030 turkish liras which is $ 275 vat included . 
  last time i checked it was 1048 . 
  i think there is something wrong with the rocket league test .
