  if you can not , then try to find a silicone based low stiction grease and apply it . 
  * cough * * cough * uhm ... spoilers ... * cough *, 
  i think zack 's `` it 's not murder but it 's rather manslaughter '' explanation is the answer . 
  just saw the bvs uc last night and batman was not a murderer . 
  i mean , if he tried to actively kill people , he could have done it much more efficiently . 
  it 's more like he is answering any action against him with force and does n't really care about what happens to the guy who just tried to kill him with a fucking anti aircraft gun . 
  i mean , batmobile is not indestructible , if they are shooting at you , you have to shoot back . 
  i 'm not quite so sure , unfortunately . 
  i do n't really know what grease is the best for this . 
  it 's just that i am seeing nyogel 767a quite often . 
  i 've heard some people are getting good results with https://www.amazon.de/liqui-moly-3312-silicon-fett-transparent/dp/b00295dbqe as well . 
  but , do n't take my word for it . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  are there any alternatives to nyogel 767a that are easier to find ? 
  i live in turkey and i can not find any here and amazon wo n't ship it to turkey . 
  the way i see it , symbian was fine . 
  but i think nokia tried to respond to iphone with phones that had shit hardware . 
  that will depend on your phone . 
  on my previous lg optimus g , i was able to do this , but with my xperia z5 i do n't know if i can . 
  what games are you playing ? 
  i was a 4790k user until i sold it and bought 1700 . 
  i 'd say you are good to go !, 
  just make sure to get a ram that runs at 3000/3200 . 
  from 2666 to 3200 i saw a performance boost !, 
  note that i am almost purely gamer . 
  the only time i felt lower fps was with war thunder i guess and it runs on single core . 
  4790k was bottlenecking too with war thunder . 
  did n't try with 3200 mhz ram though , perhaps things improved with it . 
  when i tested war thunder my ram was set to 2133 !, 
  if you need extra cores , there is absolutely nothing to worry about gaming . 
  do it !, 
  is that an exo suit ? 
  normally i 'd say this was bad , but knowing chrome it is most likely a driver/chrome issue . 
  disable hardware acceleration and see if it helps . 
  the tank is 40 gallons . 
  have a tetratec ex 800 plus rated for 80 gallons for both fish and turtles , and an internal filter . 
  got a basking lamp ( uva and uvb ) and a heating lamp running 12 hours a day . 
  also feeding ~ ~ twice a day ~ ~ ** edit : ** every other day , so not really overfeeding . 
  the water is now a bit cloudy but this photo was taken shortly after feeding so it goes clear in a couple of hours , however the color is always the same . 
  i tried daily water changes ( 10 % , 25 % so on , tried every combination ) , still the same . 
  thinking about getting a uv steriliser , but still wanted to have your opinion . 
  the back of the tank has a background poster which has some green in it , but there 's still the change of color in the water i can not stop . 
  i have a uv sterilizer on the way , so hopefully that will take care of it . 
  i was thinking about removing the sand ... 
  it 's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere . 
  i love how he is clean shaven in jl one . 
  i think it can be reflective of his change from bvs to league . 
  i do n't understand . 
  your post is a bit ambiguous to me ... what did you do wrong ? 
  and what fixed it ? 
  gorgeous !, 
  however i do n't think this is an res . 
  probably some other kind , 
  as others have pointed out already these are probably just air bubbles and happening because your turtle 's about to shed his scutes . 
  is there another source that does n't have shit for video quality ? 
  what is your ram version , i wonder ? 
  do n't forget diana 's rage mode , just saying . 
  you should be ok . 
  mine occasionally does that as well . 
  i guess she just likes to sleep under that sweet heat . 
  on gigabyte boards , anything lower than gaming 5 , you have to use dynamic voltage which is offset voltage . 
  and yes , gaming k5 is considered lower than gaming 5 . 
  check your cpu voltage while on auto and work from there . 
  for example if your mobo gives 1.25 v on auto , you can change dynamic vcore to +0.100 v in order to get 1.35 v vcore . 
  auto will up the voltage automatically if necessary ( e.g. 
  if you increase bclk multiplier ) . 
  normal will keep the default value . 
  that does n't mean you can rely on auto for oc though . 
  afaik , dynamic vcore can be set to a negative value as well . 
  at least that 's how it is as far as gigabyte mobos are concerned . 
  hmm i wonder what is the difference between that and 1.0.0.6 . 
  i think memory compatibility is no different than other boards with agesa 1.0.0.6 bios . 
  however , the uefi ui is so damn ugly ( the ugliest of all and it is not up to debate ) and uefi lacks a ton of features compared to other boards such as asus crosshair vi hero and asrock x370 taichi . 
  of course these mobos are a tad more expensive so it * can be * justified but if i had known that beforehand i would have gone with hero vi . 
  when it comes to its pros , dual alc1220 and dual nics ( killer e2500 and intel i211 ) rock . 
  also it has dualbios , which gives you peace of mind while flashing bios . 
  vrm not as strong as others but you are more than fine unless you 're going for ln2 oc . 
  it does n't have an external bclk generator like taichi or hero vi . 
  also , you can find your front panel audio crackling , this is a known hardware issue . 
  some boards have , some do n't . 
  majority have no issues though . 
  at this point with [ this ssd ] ( http://www.corsair.com/en-us/force-series-gs-128gb-sata-3-6gbs-solid-state-hard-drive ) i can boot into windows in around like 20 seconds with ultra fast boot enabled in uefi and fast boot enabled in windows 10 . 
  my previous gigabyte z97 g1.sniper was able to boot into windows in around 10 seconds . 
  i have front panel audio crackling . 
  it 's quite disappointing . 
  do n't worry though , i do n't think it 's common . 
  many people with gaming 5 have no issues whatsoever . 
  there are just a few like me and i will rma soon to get it replaced . 
  i do not have solid proof on it , however i 'm 99 % sure that it 's hardware related . 
  probably not even related to the audio chip , but some kind of grounding issue with front panel header . 
  i do n't know if it can be fixed with a driver update , but i have tried different drivers so far and none of them have resolved it . 
  i will keep trying as new versions are rolled , but rmaing seems to be the only reliable option . 
  when it works , alc1220 is an absolute beast . 
  so , having two seperate audio chips for rear and front is absolutely amazing . 
  if it does n't boot , then you have a different problem . 
  gigabyte rep on official gigabyte forums previously confirmed that any ryzen cpu will boot no matter what bios the mobo is on . 
  i can also confirm that is the case as a friend of mine built the exact system as yours ( cpu and mobo-wise ) and he had no problems with old bios . 
  try reseating your cpu and memory, 
  also , pull cmos battery out and cut off power , wait for a couple of minutes and put them back in . 
  congrats and finally ,
