  in the end we were able to win thanks to our early access to the enemy base , however the solar levels of enemy team was too high . 
  check the screenshot . 
  it was taken right after the second enemy team disconnected . 
  i understand and like the solar boost to the late-joiners , however these bots seem to have gained about 5000 solars or so . 
  what do you guys think ? 
  i think this should not be happening . 
  cisco said one of the blood samples was not identified . 
  who do you think it belongs to and how do you think this affects the story ? 
  so i 've been thinking of buying one of the two . 
  i already have the first wing of brm so i was thinking i could go full adventure for one of the solo adventures . 
  sorry if this has been asked before . 
  i feel lucky, 
  a couple of minutes ago , i noticed my start menu was empty . 
  at first i thought it was a graphical glitch , that tiles were there but they do n't show up ; however , it appears all of my tiles were removed ( somehow ) . 
  now i placed the tiles back but something is bothering me . 
  i am always forced to put tiles under a group , which restrains me from putting four tiles side by side and i can not find any way to remove the groups . 
  so i wonder , is there way to reset the layout back to defaults which had a pile of tiles that were n't under a certain group . 
  start menu seems not to work with a new account . 
  also , just noticed settings , file explorer and documents options are also gone . 
  it should be installed automatically by windows update . 
  update info :, 
  advanced micro devices , inc. driver update for amd radeon r9 200 series ( engineering sample - wddm v2 .0 ), 
  here is some info from ccc :, 
  the question is simple . 
  this almost always happens to me and it kills the point of being able to party with friends . 
  did n't get him the win , though . 
  hi guys , i have been struggling with a black screen problem with my r9 290x while playing gpu intensive games ( mostly the ones that cause 100 % gpu load ) . 
  i tried everything suggested including `` overvolting '' and connecting two seperate pci-e power cables . 
  you can find the details of my issue here : http://www.tomshardware.co.uk/answers/id-2711109/system-crash-gaming-requires-hard-reset-day.html, 
  and here are my system specs :, 
  amd fx8350, 
  kingston 4x2gb ddr3 1600 cl9 ram sticks, 
  corsair force gs 128gb ssd, 
  two other hdds, 
  what i did to solve my issue was to set pci-e frequency from bios to 110 mhz . 
  yes . 
  just this . 
  anything else just would n't work . 
  i just wanted to share this information with you guys who might have been having this kind of a problem and could n't get out of it . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** i was having black screen issues with r9 290x , fixed it by changing pci-e frequency to 110 mhz . 
  x is triss . 
  i want to help triss `` as a friend '' and want to end up with yennefer in the end in my second run . 
  can i still do triss ' quests if i do n't romance with her while helping her and end up with yennefer ? 
  i mean is not saying `` i love you '' `` stay '' or not kissing her at the fountain enough ? 
  i used a sapphire r9 290x for almost a year until it started malfunctioning ( black screen issues ) . 
  rma resulted in a refund . 
  the refund was not in cash though , it was in form of a coupon which i had the option to use in the same store from which the previous card was bought . 
  i was thinking of buying a 390x , however it was out of stock in the whole country ( it 's a chain store like bestbuy , i think ) . 
  running out of options and sick of waiting , i decided to buy the only 980 left in stock : zotac 980 amp !, 
  omega . 
  it performs really , really well and looks good , too , however i heard this zotac version is not that good when it comes to oc and cooling . 
  what do you think about it ? 
  was that a good decision ? 
  at first , i upgraded from win 8.1 to win 10 on an amd machine with an asus m5a99x evo r2 .0 + amd fx 8350 . 
  sometime later this mobo 's sound chip fried and i rma 'd it . 
  in the mean time , i was already planning to switch to intel , so i bought an i5 4690k and an msi z97 gaming 5 . 
  i installed win 8 and upgraded to win 10 again on this mobo too . 
  and sometime later , it was my new mobo that went defective . 
  defective ram slots . 
  so i had to rma this one as well and until the rma is resolved , i decided to go back to my previous cpu and mobo which was fixed by rma department . 
  i simply switched the mobo and cpu without a reinstallation and it was already activated when i booted up . 
  tl ; dr : activated win 10 on a mobo , then switched to another and activated win 10 on that as well , and then switched back to my previous mobo and win 10 was still activated . 
  has anyone experienced something like that before ? 
  last night i reinstalled windows 10 because i changed my mobo . 
  after i scanned the installed path of witcher 3 , gog thought it needed updating , yet i was already on 1.08.3 before the reinstallation of windows . 
  game files were untouched during the process as i install windows on c :\\ ( 128 ssd ) drive and the game was located in e :\\ drive . 
  i think gog assumes the game version is 1.0.0 and tries to download all the way up to 1.08.3, 
  is there anything i can do to avoid that ? 
  i know the game is still up-to-date because my save files are still working . 
  schr\u00f6dinger of the cat school , everybody !, 
  so my aoc e2752v ( 27 inches , tn , 5 ms , vga , dvi ) had some terrible backlight bleeding for a while and i finally rma 'd it about two weeks ago . 
  in the absent of my monitor , with having a job to do , i ended up buying a philips 234e5qdab/00 ( 23 inches , ips , 5 ms , vga , dvi , hdmi ) . 
  today as a result of the rma process , i was sent a replacement unit for my e2752v , however with a e2752vq ( 27 inches , tn , 2 ms , vga , dvi , hdmi , dp , 4x usb ) . 
  i have two options :, 
  1 ) sell the replacement e2752vq and use the 234e5qdab . 
  2 ) sell the philips 234e5qdab and use the replacement unit . 
  which way should i go ? 
  does any one here use either of these models ? 
  just started using firefox , resizing the window in a fast pace causes some choppiness and lag in the repositioning of the content inside the window . 
  are there any solutions for this ? 
  bruce ? 
  eye finished reading batman beyond # 7 , which does n't seem to have bruce at all . 
  in the timeline before futures end , he was alive but with tim altering it a bit , do you think eye killed him ? 
  is there any info about bruce 's fate ? 
  we know rey had visions when she touched anakin 's lightsaber . 
  and those visions were all past , right ? 
  everything she heard or saw ; was actually past . 
  maybe what that lightsaber witnessed , or maybe more . 
  but it was past . 
  there was n't anything showing the future , right ? 
  i want to be sure because if it was all past , then obi-wan saying `` rey , these are your first steps . '', 
  must be past as well !, 
  ( obi-wan must have done that as a force ghost , obviously ), 
  it might be something from the future , maybe ; but seeing how everything was from the past , this should be from the past as well . 
  also it does n't make sense for something in the future to be the first steps . 
  ( because at worst , what just happened must be the first steps . ), 
  so it was either at that moment or past . 
  and i do n't think obi-wan actually talked to her at that moment because , i do n't know , does obi-wan go and talk to every force sensitive like her when they have visions ? 
  also even if he did , i 'm not sure this would be the very first thing to say . 
  it definitely sounded like obi-wan knew her .
