  that was then , and we are in a * new economy * now , where we only have bull markets . 
   does inter-eu cooperation actually require a shared currency ? 
  i 'm not very convinced . 
  it 's a political dream , that can only work for a few , or with sacrifices that many countries are not willing to make . 
   they will rather leave and create its own economic & defence union , then to join any federal europe . 
  i 'm not for federal europe , but two speed union could give better alternatives for countries that appreciate free trade and defence co-operation , amongst other things . 
  you just want to quietly chance it to `` people 's republic of berlin '' later on . 
   either we kill the euro or we fix it but we ca n't just keep it in this half assed state . 
  you 're right , and we should kill it . 
  this area is n't optimal currency area , not even close . 
   as is almost the case with norway , liechtenstein and iceland . 
  they pay for their access , but i guess `` almost '' covers that . 
  ( i do n't know about liechtenstein ), 
   the eu already said that free trade can not happen without freedom of movement . 
  that 's their negotiation position now . 
  it might change if they get enough of what they want . 
   two classes of countries but which class is more beneficial or less complex to be in ? 
  do the french , germans and italians have only fun moments in their fiscal union ? 
  high vat hits low income folks , everyone have to eat , pay for moving around etc. 
  there are only a few people with a lot of money , no income . 
   disassemble our voluntary union of cooperation they just do n't want to admit that they do n't have the skilzz to get their voice heard . 
  take into account , that the individual restaurants/groups of restaurants are companies on their own , and they pay their corporate tax . 
  at least this is how it is in finland . 
  but , having said that , something should be done to avoiding taxes with royalties , transfer pricing etc. 
  they sing drinking songs in swedish and they have more lobster dinner parties than finlandfinns . 
  they are a whole different race almost !, 
  oh sorry , for me ( finn ) eu starts from 1995 . 
  i should have phrased differently . 
  large part of them speak also finnish . 
  some very well , some less . 
  just colourful language , bro . 
   could be financially sanctioned as we have a tax-evader extraordinaire as a eu head , the sanctions would likely be the same kind of slap on the wrist like hsbc and the likes get for money laundering ... 
  it just feels like eu has created another layer of shitty on top of pre-eu ( probably already cynical ) workings of europeans . 
  but norwegians get to tax themselves , not some juncker-led community . 
  only big business wants cheap foreign workers . 
  the people not so much . 
  free trade area ? 
   eu level sanctions against qatar and saudi arabia combined with completely freezing any and all cooperation with them would be a good idea . 
  a lot of eu big companies have on-going business with qatar and saudi arabia . 
  i do n't think sanctions will happen very easily . 
  has teachers ' union actually been against the apprentice system or it 's development ? 
   integrating people to our societies includes making them more likely to accept gay and women rights . 
  that sounds nice , in principle . 
  many of the comers just do n't seem willing to integrate all that much . 
  the people who are entering europe now , will have more and more kids -  the 2nd generation . 
  i agree . 
  after a good run of a couple of thousand years of colonialism and innovation , it 's time to bow to our medieval overlords . 
  that last one is not so bad ... if it would be a factory . 
  finnish politicians might want to take some lessons from estonia , what comes to job-creation . 
   are not financed by human traffickers they are not saying that they are . 
   w europe would disagree on what are meaningful reforms . 
   as a greek i 'd like to see something supporting small businesses , opening and running them . 
  right now , working for yourself means a massive tax burden that makes it not worth it . 
  big corporation w europe maybe want to make it hard for small businesses . 
   european navies should be able to block these ships if they want to they very likely could , but the political climate is probably not for it , yet . 
  who ordered or demanded the audit ? 
  it 's much harder to prove the exact substance of an oral contract . 
  and was it contract or just contract negotiations ? 
  i just linked an article for anyone interested . 
  if tesla does well , that 's good . 
  if they do n't , they do n't . 
  on another note , i worked in finance for a little while . 
  the analysts might have many reasons , why their valuation is as it is . 
  got to go now . 
  what happened to nokia ( mobile ) , happened because they got left behind in r&d . nokia was not well thought of for their treatment of subcontractors , at least in finland , just to mention . 
  i have n't , and i do n't have the time ( or excess money ) for it really . 
  as the article says , the tesla stays afloat as long as it has the trust of it 's financial backers , or when it can produce a mass market product that makes a profit . 
  i guess not , to be honest . 
   you can short their stock tesla may keep on doing what it 's doing longer than i can stay solvent . 
  on the other hand , grohmann 's shareholders got their financial security money , and that 's why they sold . 
  cold world it 's become . 
  here 's an article about tesla 's valuation : http://wolfstreet.com/2017/04/11/tesla-gm-comparison-market-share-income-valuation/ tl ; dr , rather cynical one though : `` in comparison with gm , tesla is ludicrously overvalued . 
  but it 's not `` inexplicable . '' it 's perfectly explicable by the wondrously fed-engineered stock market that has long ago abandoned any pretext of valuing companies on a rational basis . 
  and it 's explicable by the hype -- the `` research '' -- issued by wall street investment banks that hope to get fat fees from tesla 's next offerings of shares or convertible debt . '', 
   integrate these economies to the point that a war is a total-money-loss for everyone . 
  interesting write-up , and i agree with many points . 
  the war might not be a money-loss to all financiers or corporations , though . 
  it 's somehow hard for me to understand how centre leftist is an ex-rothschild banker . 
  what else would you expect of old colonial power ? 
  / s i had n't heard of that . 
  but what proof is there of that specifically eu is the cause of peace in europe ? 
   weell , cutting the wages of mps and minister by 25-50 % would be a good start . 
  cutting the wages of a couple of hundred people does n't do much . 
  besides , which competent people would want to be that peepole for much less money ? 
  ( i know , are they competent now ? 
  questionable . ), 
  why do eu officials think it looks smart to throw hyperboles on member countries ? 
  when they could try to take one or some eu values that they actually think orban is violating ? 
   article 2 ... 
  there is still quite a lot of room for interpretation . 
  their media is probably not censored from the outside . 
  the journalist censor themselves . 
  ( as do ours ) this ranking is also made by journalists . 
   they been running a pro refugee narrative the past two years this does n't measure how much of a government/eu lapdog the media is . 
  edgy , but unnecessary . 
   well thought out treaty will include provisions ensuring the continued independence of lawmakers in creating sensible regulations . 
  well thought out ... for whose benefit ? 
  username checks out . 
  if you threaten a country with penalty payments and losing benefits , how is that not ordering around ? 
   3 . personally i 'd like the eu to just be a military alliance ( abolish nato and replace it with a european army ) , free trade between member countries and visa-free travel , nothing more .
