  when immigrants prove that they are doing the same , they will be let in ( edit . ), 
  to the basic income system . 
  i 'm not sure if you misunderstood , but you seem to have pretty black and white picture of what kind of range of people are sceptic about the current immigration wave . 
  i agree ( source : lived in netherlands for 6 + mths ) , and i 'd claim certain bluntness is also a danish and finnish thing . 
  it 's probably just that there is clearly more traffic between finland and estonia . 
  at this point . 
   who cares what the ~ ~ tax paying voters ~ ~ far-right psychos think about that . 
  yes , we can ( afford it ) !, 
   only grinding poverty awaits them there 's always petty criminality and marriage to a local woman . 
  why would they be allowed to self-determinate much on tax payers money ? 
  management by perkele has been criticized mainly by people who are wrong , slow or have emotions . 
  i think the swede has a point too . 
  people from iraq have a higher possibility to get asylum in finland -  they come to finland in larger numbers than sweden . 
  according to many , there are safe relatively large areas in somalia , for example . 
  the pasta is awful , there 's no sauce , things are expensive , incomers are positioned to rural towns with no fun , and then ... the winter is coming . 
  there are at least 4 regionally large banks based in sweden ( stockholm ) . 
  it 's not like they have to call london or frankfurt for loans . 
  word !, 
  that is how european `` country clubs '' were build , through hard work and innovating . 
  if people want in , they should be showing eagerly that they are contributing to the society , fiscally and otherwise . 
  there are safe areas in most of these countries of origin . 
  i do n't know about syria . 
  i guess the main point is , * how * was turkey going to be involved ? 
  can the eu be so stupid that they suggested that turkish ships would be allowed to come to greek waters ? 
  or too close , `` the grey areas '' ? 
  of course greeks are not accepting any kind of offers , but maybe there could be a solution to this . 
  netherlands just can not into liberal . 
  i did n't . 
  i just did n't bother to look for swedish figures . 
  and , as the other guy said , that 's just part of the real costs . 
  estonia is good . 
  i just wanted to make `` finns making moonshine '' joke to swedes . 
   the migration agency sees refugee costs reaching 60 billion kronor ( ** $ 7.1 billion ** ) next year , double its earlier forecast . 
  that 's huuuuge amount . 
  finnish budget is around 55 billion euros . 
  there should be more discussion right now . 
  and pressure towards the politicians in both domestic and eu level . 
  there should be detailed calculations on the table , also from others than that sanandaji ( ? ), 
  guy . 
  i do n't want sweden to buckle . 
  it would very likely mean more problems to us too , and well , we already have problems . 
  how many of those refugees did you deport by force ? 
  i guess , not all cities are depicted as blue dots , only larger ones . 
  so there 's prices in rural towns and smaller cities under the average price shown . 
  the non-western world does n't start requiring visas even if you fight them ? 
  or they stop requiring visas when you conquer them ? 
  if this model does n't work out , most of us will move to sweden to sell moonshine for living . 
  let 's keep thumbs up !, 
  then on the other hand , how are luxembourg and usa in the same level ( 172 ) ? 
  i mean only things luxembourg has done is pocket our taxes and birth juncker , but usa has droned half the non-western planet ? 
  you are right . 
  those averages are for the whole country though . 
  would you rather collect 600-800 euros , or average wage around 2800 ( i think ) from work ? 
  with 800 per month , you do n't pay shit in helsinki area . 
  edit . 
  average wage in private sector is around 3.500 this year . 
   biggest chance of getting accepted we 've been told that quite many immigrants have outright refused to ask for asylum in at least one country before leaving for greener pastures . 
  so how does that integration thing work for them ? 
  and us ? 
  why not rather help in areas closer to where they come from ? 
  possibly too big `` adjustment '' and an unnecessary one . 
  there are a couple of million middle east immigrants in turkish camps . 
  are they not safe there ? 
  eu is bringing maximum silliness on itself once again if things are how you said . 
  i think it 's more clear to add / s in the end , no ? 
   not to mention the pr disaster it will be for europe , the criticism it will recieve from the united nations and human rights associations , might as well lead to crashes in major european stock markets . 
  seriously ? 
  what if we just say to un that we are out of money , sorry ? 
  since usa is not helping at all , why is their stock market not falling , why is un not heckling them ? 
  ( well ok , un probably would n't push usa in most issues ), 
  also , it would be fun to heckle our leftist politicians : `` look , why do n't you just do like estonians ? 
  this is all on you ! '', 
  if our economy goes kaputt , we can always move to estonia . 
  do you have some of these kind of places by driving distance from tallinna ? 
  in quite a few countries this possibility is so far ahead , and media presentation of the crisis so partial , that the realization does n't come quickly . 
  unfortunately . 
  we could be europe-friendly , but eu-sceptic . 
   half will work and pay for themselves and some of the rest . 
  over 80 % of asylum seekers that have come to finland this year are from iraq and somalia . 
  what percentage of working age iraquese and somalis in denmark work , if i may ask ? 
  i think that would be a tough but fair suggestion : greece should let eu border patrol help it to protect the borders , or the eu-neighbours of greece fence their greek borders . 
   all of america 's attempts to make peace in the middle east have utterly failed . 
  i guess your right , but there can be incremental changes for the better . 
  it 's typical to have friends and relatives hanging out at your summer house . 
  but you were probably joking anyway ... 
   build a camp outside the eu to host them . 
  i think that is the best solution . 
  also border security should be increased . 
  european countries should also work for finding a solution to crises in the middle east , but i 'm not holding my breath waiting for that . 
  that 's crazy . 
  i 'd say media has a lot of control over how information is presented to people everywhere . 
  here , when the largest and previously trustworthy media outlets constantly tout certain lines , lot of people are going to believe them . 
  challenging them and the media is an uphill battle , and most people do n't have the time or energy for it . 
  regarding both media and government , they do n't really listen to reasonable statements criticizing for example the speed and amount of incoming people and their cultural fit , at the moment . 
  also , if you challenge governments positions on immigration at workplace or some public gathering , someone can easily call you racist , `` borderline nazi '' , or the like . 
  many people will rather just stay silent , for the time being . 
   same people often fight with our firemen , ambulances , policemen , people who are sent to them to actually help them . 
  this i ca n't understand . 
  do they think that first aid workers are going to harm the injured person or do something that 's against their religion ? 
  maybe it 's laughable to you , but the european governments and media are like in some kind of hysteria of compassion regarding this wave of asylum seekers .
