  what are they doing ? 
  through my taxes , i am . 
  not personally , if that 's what you thought . 
   same provisions for conflict resolution that have been part of nearly every trade agreement ever ? 
  as far as i know , health and environment - related claims are usually tried by national courts ? 
  at least if one of the parties demand . 
  and not by international arbitration courts . 
  except 2015 . 
   the state can make good use of the taxes ? 
  that 's debatable . 
  it makes * decent * use of the taxes . 
   more leftist policies can lead to better overall wellbeing throughout the society finland is already pretty leftist . 
  sinnem\u00e4ki did n't sound like she was going to be against it . 
   since it has n't happened yet there was a study that most of sdp voters were over 50 . 
  i think greens and left are the new sdp . 
  well , the future mayor of helsinki also has a couple of convictions ... :p, 
  i 'd rather they had someone else than those two . 
  not necessarily hate , but the eu 1 . did a bad job with financial crisis , 2 . and with migration ( crisis ) . 
  the eu administration barely reacts to any criticism , and drives their stupid `` ever closer union '' project . 
  and other reasons ... 
  it 's really the eu leaders , who are dividing eu , no matter of their rhetorics of evil populists & far-righters . 
  if there would be a reasonable take on non-eu immigration , no hurry towards fiscal union , etc. 
  the union would be in a clearly more stable state . 
  also , some countries might have to leave the euro . 
  both customs are disgusting and should be ended . 
  i 'm sure that the finnish author , vanhanen , would n't be partial in any way . 
  finland just is so awesome . 
   show me one country ruined by too little ethnocentrism the ruinage/ruination takes a long time . 
  maybe rome at emperors \u00b4 time ? 
  i guess it 's time to open ferry service to riga !, 
  ( if there is n't one ), 
   alcoholics also save money by dying young maybe , but they typically still get many treatments paid for by the tax payers ( through universal healthcare ), 
   what you are saying is that people like mesut ozil are potential terrorists . 
  of course not all foreigners/muslims are meant . 
  but talking to a person like you is waste of time anyway . 
  if it would just be a free trade ( and defense ) deal , and not much else ... 
  they are living in europe , but they probably never accepted the european values . 
  also shipping and banking . 
  but not too much r&d needed there either ( maybe ) . 
   companies like rosenberger , trodat , doppelmayr and the lot are completely unknown to the average person yet are still leaders in their markets . 
  also andritz comes to mind . 
  it happens to compete in markets where finnish companies are pretty active . 
  but offers mostly services , i guess . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are some austrian products that people do n't know if they are german or austrian ... 
  they have good power tools , that 's right . 
  and probably butt stuff too , but i 'm not really into that . 
   what are the drawbacks of becoming more federalized ? 
  fiscal union and common liability of debts would mean that you take part in paying for other countries politicians ' and banks ' fuckups and can do nothing about it . 
  then you will be fed an endless amount of non-european immigrants which will cost a fortune and be mostly useless . 
  in the end , they will probably socialize your ex-country 's assets , and put your butt in jail for criticizing the politb\u00fcro . 
  how is `` eu '' - label more respected than all but one eu country label ? 
  i think the problem was/is both with greece ( governments/banks ) and lending banks . 
  the lenders should have been more careful too . 
  what if you get the 100 % mango juice to your nearest retailer ? 
  then what ? 
  countries like canada , australia , usa etc. 
  are pretty/very close to how europeans run their countries . 
  japan also , but with some twists . 
  so no argument there . 
  a lot of people beg to differ . 
  europe was there far before eu . 
  one might suggest , that there is a kind of common core of european values . 
  various freedoms , preference of science , christianity/secularity , and so on . 
  eu , on the other hand , is a political entity . 
   there is now no other alternative , but to strengthen the union . 
  how , that 's the big question . 
  defense , fiscal , something else ? 
  so criticizing eu is racist now ? 
  even though it 's led by white , middle-aged cis people ? 
  it varies . 
  i do n't think it 's that much this :  woman stays at home taking care of the kids anymore . 
  source ? 
  well , kurri starts to look a little bit like a moomin , and apocalyptica guys look like tof characters with lean muscles . 
  we pay too much !, 
  there you have it . 
  tom of finland is more of a marginal product treated with benevolent humour than a source of national pride . 
  the guy knew how to draw , but he was a bit of a one trick pony . 
  and that 's actually one of the specialties of goldman !, 
  such is life . 
  some billionaires at least are self-made . 
  nowadays , it 's more dark lives matter . 
  the suicide rate has been declining after 2012 also . 
  that 's good for you !, 
  our politicians should have kept us out of euro ... 
  so they can still be in debt to * evil * foreign banks . 
  these were the criteria , whatever one might think about them :  the rankings are based on six factors - per capita gross domestic product , healthy life expectancy , freedom , generosity , social support and absence of corruption in government or business . 
  j\u00e4mtland looked like it had horns and a teary eye . 
  also , it 's great that freedom and democracy has been restored later on . 
   awkward boners in all male groups they are like gays in muslim countries ; they do n't exist . 
  ok , i had n't realized how this was compiled . 
  well , you can use many entrances to get in trams . 
  often you do n't know well , where the bus stops , and you ( should ) start moving when you see whereabouts the bus will stop . 
  also , some people would report the driver , and when he gets enough of those , he gets in some trouble at work . 
  surprised to see a band there . 
  i 'd also think that more famous than poets of the fall would be for example : nightwish , teemu sel\u00e4nne , jari litmanen and many others . 
  i have to say though , that this is quite extreme personal space . 
  the sentiment in finland is quite divided on how deep we should integrate . 
  a lot of people detest fiscal union , are not happy about immigration policy , but free trade and deepening of defense co-operation are seen positively . 
  in my mind . 
  you got to vote in some politicians , and they are n't that different .
