  then maybe lawyers and accountants ? 
  step 4 : no oligarchs . 
  it 's likely that eu douchebags fuck in a gentler way ? 
  if you have a job , beer , porn and hockey , what else do you need ? 
   how fast should globalization happen ? 
  it should happen fast , all industrial jobs in france and finland would move to asia in , say , 3 years . 
  then we would be really clappin our hands to globalism , the great equalizer . 
  why did the americans want it ? 
  well , when there 's nato bases in nato countries , usa can use them . 
  that 's how one might see it . 
  ok , the gaddafi operation in libya for example was not a nato operation . 
  but that 's just technicality . 
  it 's usa attacking and leading the `` coalitions of the willing '' . 
  i would n't be either , because i knew some guys with turkish background while growing up , and they have done alright . 
  so i was also asking if there were some kind of explanation for differences between host countries . 
  is there a difference between these groups of turks in poland and in germany ? 
  i mean , if one does n't finish his elementary education , what does he expect ? 
   if putin did n't have any desire whatsoever of ever considering an invasion of finland , he would n't care about finland joining nato . 
  ... so the fear of joining nato making putin upset and becoming more of a threat is completely irrational and counterproductive . 
   no shit . 
  but you do n't seem to be able to refute the reasoning . 
  i believe putin fears that nato or the leading nato countries might attack russia or some of it 's interests . 
  your first sentence therefore does n't hold water . 
   only once in self defence , after 9/11 . 
  you might be technically right . 
  somalia and libya were only partly nato operations , i guess . 
  the large nato countries , uk and france et al often act together with usa . 
   nato is a strictly defensive alliance . 
  yeah ok . like it has n't attacked any country during the last 20 years , for example . 
   joining nato is the only option that actually reduces the odds of an invasion . 
  that 's an opinion , might be a wrong one . 
   also , joining nato is more like acknowledging our friends . 
  switzerland , austria and sweden did n't need that to acknowledge their friends . 
  good point , in the sense that finland does n't really have any resources that russians do n't have . 
  only possible reasons are subjective geopolitical points of view . 
   it has great entertainment value , so it is not just for practical reasons . 
  these things are not entertainment for some people . 
  helsinki = helsingfors in swedish . 
   25c here in portugal today and people are using winter coats not sure how serious , but i loled . 
  i think social democrats are kind of `` the left establishment '' , at least in northern european countries . 
  10-15 % is a big amount already . 
  even weed , but it 's becoming less of a taboo , and there 's been some discussion of legalization . 
  they use cocaine . 
   far right populists i think before elections , they presented themselves as more to the right than they even intended to be after elections . 
  center right ( epp and alde ) and leftists . 
  these are all liberal parties around here . 
  the so-called new right has managed to present themselves as the main party to offer some kind of alternative to the existing immigration policies . 
   economies are at different stages of development . 
  quite reasonable the appetite for foreign takeovers would be different . 
  also unreasonable to expect equal market access due to this . 
  what good is it to us , if chinese are getting tech from us euros , and our companies moves are restricted in china ? 
   the german buyers brought technology more than they bought it but who made profit of that new technology ? 
  i would assume the german companies mostly , but it 's probably much more complex than that . 
  we would love to hack some of your forests !, 
  ( we 'll make it grow back , do n't worry ), 
  city law offices surely love that . 
  you 're right , michael moore has been saying it !, 
  it could 've still been american voter !, 
   the student teacher relationship ( as far as i know ) is different . 
  look , only one female secondary school teacher has been convicted !, 
  do n't read too much into it . 
  who is that character supposed to be ? 
  american voter abroad ? 
  clinton ? 
  `` the 5 presidents plan '' will put some pressure to federalize in the coming years . 
  and occasional hockey fight . 
  i do n't know where this `` no homework '' thing started ... on the other hand , it was quite long time ago since i was in school . 
  looking at the results , northwestern non-federal union might be something . 
  i guess power is a strong `` aphrodisiac '' . 
  i do n't think he meant it that way , that someone is already invading . 
   estonia has not been invaded by anyone going on 100 years now anyway , estonia restored independence 1991 , and there was also nazi occupation during ii world war , so i do n't know what you 're talking about with 100 years . 
  no , they have fought them separately . 
  `` has been invading '' ... i 'll leave it to language experts . 
  and partly by naturalized foreign-borns . 
  which party is more brutal , assad regime , or isis and the `` moderates '' they have been fighting against ? 
  he did n't say ongoing . 
  in helsinki , foreigners were suspected of 45 % of all sex crimes , and 36 % of rapes . 
  during that same period . 
  is italy the only country that jokes most of themselves ? 
  i find that funny and kind of admirable . 
  surprisingly high , with us it 's 16 . 
  but 16 year olds are not convicted in the normal scale . 
  even better : they might pay and go to prison . 
  as they are often ordered in court , but these types do n't typically earn much money . 
  so if there 's practically no punishment , you think that the ( young ) criminals would do the same amount of crimes ? 
  or more ? 
  and there 's also the victim 's point of view . 
  what 's the age of criminal liability in germany ? 
  yes , but will there be enough payers for basic income , and what kind of existence will it allow ? 
  we will fight for scraps . 
   is probably great for nordic pride , but it 's poisonous to america , the third most populous country i hear minnesota and the state of washington are doing fine . 
   education :   1 . 
  netherlands  2 . 
   they are actually pressured from society to do so i guess , sort of , but do people in the south really * want and like * to live with their parents ? 
  i mean , mine were kind of stuck in their ways , and it was n't comfortable spending time with friends or girls at ( their ) home ... 
   affordable housing for young people after 8 years they are not so young anymore . 
   8 million usd on lawyer fees that 's just the billing of 4-6 partners in a new york big law firm . 
  less than i expected , i guess . 
   another 2.6 billion to in claims to be done before the end of the year . 
  small countries ca n't stomach this kinds of claims .
