  but when will the wages become more flexible ? 
  when will we get rid of the excess state/municipal workers or lower their wages ? 
  the new government and the unions do n't seem to get there . 
  i guess there has been some progress lately . 
  which is good . 
  they should 've realised earlier , that to ensure peace ( or rather slow down the division of society ) , you need to contain the migration movement . 
  there are lots of centre-right and centre-left people who do n't like the situation as it is . 
  they might become more extreme in their views . 
  it certainly does n't seem like that . 
  it seems that many european politicians are borrowing their policies straight from merkel or the combo in brussels . 
   there is good support for taking in ... economic immigrants i disagree . 
  you also seem to forget , that we have rather high unemployment still . 
  how many jobs is there for people who do n't talk the language ( s ) and whose skills are questionable ? 
  i do n't get it ? 
  and if you ca n't , you could designate an island in the mediterranean , where to take them , until their asylum requests are processed . 
  an uninhabited one , if possible . 
  or they are deported faster than that , if economic migrants . 
  they also ranked ( 40 + ) cities , and helsinki region was just above san francisco , coming in 3rd . 
  which is ... surprising . 
   `` saint-nazaire is the only yard in europe with a dock able to build vessels over 300 metres , '' said francesco tosato , an analyst at the centro studi internazionali . 
  `` that is good for the super cruise ships for which there is growing demand , but also makes it strategic for naval industry consolidation . '' that 's not quite right . 
  meyer 's turku shipyard has built many cruise ships over 300 meters . 
  many of the ships built to royal caribbean , for instance . 
  and all other nations just sip one glass of wine , quietly , before they call it a night . 
  proof : `` he writes too few ij 's for it to be good dutch '' ... i leave schijnt to others !, 
  i understand it too . 
  maybe it is ? 
  `` j\u00e4ggyt '' sounds also like it could be a word , for young helsinki kids , but unfortunately , it is n't . 
  why ca n't it be both ? 
  finland is a fascist country !, 
   we should continue to make clear what is and what is not normal in this country . 
  has it worked so far ? 
  i think there is a certain group amongst ( non-european ) immigrants , who are not willing to assimilate . 
  why would we support their lives in our countries , where it 's more costly ? 
  well , 20 i have n't heard of , but some somalis may have 3 `` girlfriends '' ( officially ) , and 7-10 kids alltogether . 
  in my comment i meant that the dutch beat us in economic comparison , but yes , the west metro cost much more than planned too . 
  from 850 million $ ( in todays money ) -  almost 1200 million . 
  ... except in the most important , the economic matters . 
  do n't the london banks also want access to german , french , dutch etc. 
  banks ? 
   under some idea that what you think is good is the supreme truth of what is good . 
  or that everyone will find the western values the best , right after passing the border . 
   learn the language , get an education , understand the cultural values or norms that 's on them , largely . 
   get a girlfriend , a job , an apartment , a car and then those very likely will follow . 
  the criteria takes quite a bit of credibility off of this . 
  for example science & tech and culture criteria . 
  if croatia is an export economy , i do n't know why they would want to join . 
  i mean , you can change the legislation , and it ends being illegal . 
  if it 's smart to do that or not , for health/addiction reasons , for example , that 's a different matter . 
  if they are rejected in finland or sweden , they might for example go to germany to live with some friends . 
  they might buy new identity , and try to get asylum again in germany or another country . 
  exactly , the same happens in finland . 
  i 'd imagine that some of the guys kicked out of asylum centers may be rather dangerous , but the immigration authorities have n't got enough angry feedback yet , i guess . 
  it 's illegal because it 's illegal . 
  ... or they could just take back their ( confirmed ) citizens , like respectable countries do . 
  you have to have both carrots and sticks . 
  tallinn would be the second biggest city in finland . 
  just sayin . 
  in finland they very likely would . 
  but it would cost more . 
  now you 're just tooling with the southeners . 
  yeah , maybe the austrian dudes * just this year * decided to assault sexually on an `` unprecedented level '' . 
  that can happen . 
  i could n't recognize the fetish . 
  so , what is it ? 
  maybe power and freedom . 
  but money = sex & power & freedom , then you can reduce it to just money . 
  lol . 
  eu and italian administration should be accused , voted out and shouted at until they start finding working solutions . 
  they should think of another place where to take them . 
  outside europe , maybe back to libya . 
   unless you think that we are pushing them out of africa lol . 
  not you , but some folks are pulling them out of africa . 
   they came from libya and we return them to libya what about that part ? 
  funny thing is , the culture created the living standard and the money . 
  maybe they do n't get it , or do n't care to get it . 
  you guys should advertise those more . 
  guinness advertises in my corner pub . 
   far right had double the instances with many of those being assaults and other violent crimes you might want to link that study/stat . 
  i 'm not defending the far right , but i 'm not a fan of far left either . 
  seriously , if germany , and eu in general , ca n't get these states to take back their people , what * can * the eu do ? 
  what is it good for except customs-free area . . ? 
  there has been mena people , and `` cultural exchange '' , in helsinki metro area for a few decades at least . 
  the continent is pretty much a mess already . 
  the best option would be that a party somewhat more ( socially ) right than epp would rise . 
  but those clowns do n't seem to want to budge at all . 
  the result will be that far right will rise . 
  is that something they actually want ? 
  what good comes from letting mena people roam in europe ? 
  nothing really . 
  the countries should have more say how and when to guard it 's borders . 
  edit . 
  tatars are actually pretty good example . 
  i agree that it 's propably not easily repeatable . 
  putin also lifted several people , his friends , to oligarch level . 
   force them to upgrade their culture so it fits with modern europe if anyone knows where in europe or elsewhere they have managed to achieve this , i 'd be glad to hear . 
   if they 're arrested and and thrown to prison , then radicalization is viable . 
  well , on the other hand , what kind of message does it send if the islamic ( and other ) components in society can do or say whatever , and are not thrown to prison ? 
  there has to be a limit somewhere . 
   socialists , ... and fans of heavy industry i do n't understand this concept .
