  shooting on sight and when assaulted are quite different matters . 
  of course they should n't be shooting when punched , they should be wrestling them down , using batons , using mace/pepper spray etc. 
  maybe because most of your media keeps giving air time and back up to that blm movement . 
  what they are saying is statistically wrong . 
   overvalued currency is not good . 
  it may be good for a long while , if you have a reserve currency . 
  but there can be only one ... ? 
  in finland only the finns party is flirting with getting out of eu , but the official party line is for staying . 
  also one or two microparties and single ( influential ) politicians want to leave . 
  could well be , i do n't know the original intentions really . 
  the relatively low value of euro , for germans , helps the german export trade quite a bit . 
   the entire point of the ec and the eu was to keep germany down . 
  that was then . 
  now , does it not seem that germany can do almost what they want ? 
  regarding banking etc. 
  but would that need giving up much more sovereignty , or maybe just a little bit ? 
  and more co-operation . 
   subsidiarity enshrined as a basic principle . 
  as a principle , yes , but the practice ... 
  which ones ? 
  any of the bigger parties ? 
  he only cares about his marathon results and deeper eu integration . 
  you do n't have to beat the attacker . 
  it just has to think that it 's too costly , difficult and painful to attack . 
  it helps medium-term . 
  the people thinking about coming from there at least * should * realise , that it 's probably not worth coming 'cause they are sent back . 
   in 1960 \u00b4 s we sent a lot of traumatized violent alcoholics who ended up jobless and in all kinds of trouble . 
  and since then , swedes have probably thought `` that 's the way they are '' . 
  this calling everything racist or nazi will turn against itself . 
  it goes to silly proportions time and time again . 
  some use of force might be needed , but cops use force all the time . 
  why is it such a problem now ? 
  other measures should be used also , of course , trying to affect the problems in areas where the people come from . 
  and reducing pull-factors . 
  the costs should be reasonable , and the asylum seekers should start assimilating quickly , so it 's believable that they will contribute in the future . 
   firstly , i dont value my country and my people any more than any other humans . 
  still , short term , you have limited resources . 
  what your country is , is built by skilled and determined work by your countrymen . 
  is it not their ( and your ) decision who to let in to share it ? 
  `` equal rights '' is an empty phrase when resources become scarcer . 
  the cohesion is pretty low already . 
  at least make the shareholders/creditors take the biggest hit , and not the taxpayers . 
  eu has n't been able to handle this at almost any point . 
  for some nationalities , like iraq , it has been easier ( more probable ) to get asylum in finland than in sweden or denmark . 
  as far as i know , sweden 's system is quite packed now , so they might think it 's easier to get asylum in finland . 
  although now it 's the same in finland . 
  some immigrant social benefits might also be higher than in denmark , for example . 
  exactly , what does facebook users have to do with public integrity ? 
  that sounds like a marketing campaign . 
  you lead in one of the most important stats ; gdp per capita ppp . 
  anyways , if you have some cheap gas , we have some port cranes and wood to sell . 
   this includes quite a few which overturn laws countries try to pass . 
  well , it sounds like it was n't very good for those countries ? 
  i try to ask how much more do you think ttip would bring euros compared to how much it would cost euros to consumer or tax payer , and what other harm it would bring to them . 
  edit . 
  the other shit in ttip is not needed , you can uniform regulations without it . 
  are the european and american companies unable to sell to each country now ? 
  2014 exports to usa were 6,8 % of finnish exports . 
  of course not all manufacturing has moved there . 
  there 's always room for more . 
   show me where ttip provides incentive for this to happen . 
  i do n't have the time to do that , but show me how much ttip 's alleged cost-benefit ratio improves the existing situation . 
  that 's what i mean , moving manufacturing to asia . 
  another trend in these agreements seems to be opening public service to foreign companies , including american ones . 
  on the contrary to what people often believe , this kind of privatizing has n't in many cases lowered prices , or improved services . 
  but that 's a bit besides the point when talking about jobs . 
  americans will subcontract a lot to asia . 
  luxembourg and the netherlands have their corporate tax set at just under 30 % and 25 % , respectively . 
  is it because of deduction rules/transfer pricing that they have the reputation of low-tax countries ? 
  ( and no , i did n't read it , i just looked at the pictures ), 
  ok , i 'm not very familiar with those groups . 
  they let the refugees/asylum seekers flow through their country to europe . 
  i believe they do n't help to catch the people smugglers . 
  why should we care what libya thinks ? 
  i 'd like this to be part of the solution , but there is a lot of coast . 
  even that is better than failed neighbourhoods in europe . 
  they are real nazis , and they should be gone , but this situation is also used by some to attack legitimate political parties on the right spectrum . 
  he 's a pm , if he wants to change things , he has better means for it . 
  him taking part is quite ridiculous if you ask me . 
  finland is a case where politicians keep on talking pretty things , but nothing changes . 
  people did n't know shit about the substance of the agreements . 
  the media talked mostly about the nicer things in the agreement ( at least in my country ), 
   in general a free trade agreement is beneficial to consumers . 
  if they can also keep their jobs , and the environmental provisions do n't allow companies to dump their shit on just * their * backdoor . 
  but the head damage shows quickly , in tests taken by the hospital . 
  and they let him go . 
  so this is somewhat curious situation . 
  are they really far left , or far something else ? 
  ( not right though ), 
  you will be eu net payers before you notice !, 
  i 'd say they botched a volleyball career worth millions , possibly . 
  good national team players can be paid a lot if they play in brazil , russia , italy . 
  just so evil and stupid . 
  it 's not that easy to just drop people in other countries , if you 're not the most powerful military power in the world . 
  but the eu should co-operate much better in deportation issues . 
   if they 're economic migrants you can just deport them like any other illegal migrant . 
  it 's not so easy to tell economic migrants from others . 
  they all come with back stories of persecution , some false , some real , and most with no id . 
  the migration office is in a lot of time pressure . 
  and it 's not easy to deport people either , afganistan , somalia and iraq are resisting deportations .
