  be honest to a brother from grand duchy of finland : would you loooove going to worst part of malm\u00f6 at weekend night , alone ? 
  now that europe has been annexed by russia , russian oil is ours , too . 
   they 'll need a professional vaper degustator deciding if it tastes enough like tobacco . 
  that 's probably their goal . 
  they appoint some of their party members as chief vaper degustation officers . 
  and poland loves god . 
  i think i will move to czech rep. to eat , drink and smoke . 
  i might also vape if i knew what it is without czeching . 
  edit . 
  ok , vaping is not necessary . 
  edit2 . 
  i will not move there , if they do n't have enough outdoor and indoor hockey rinks and beer leagues . 
   far left goals , like uncontrolled immigration  also a right-wing policy , that 's supported by most huge corporations ? 
  it 's both left-wing and economic right-wing policy . 
  i see buying up other countries ' assets cheaply as a more desirable option for surplus country than giving money away . 
  germany has been giving the money too . 
   look at 200 years history : ... arrogances , disdain , stupidity , vain promises , deceits , betrayal after betrayal ... hey , it 's just european politics !, 
  golf courses and hotels !, 
  if we can outsource workers , maybe problems too ? 
   all those flights back and forth get expensive very quickly . 
  it would also raise the gdp of the airlines ' countries quickly and beautifully . 
  i see a new growth industry here . 
  it 's mostly a cultural thing , but most religions have been secularized to another level compared to some sects/movements of islam . 
  the germans went to usa & other places to look for work , right ? 
  so did the swedes , the brits , and so on . 
  what 's the difference ? 
   there are problems of integration , especially regarding parts of the roma community now , i hate to be this guy , but is there a country where the roma community does not have problems of integration ? 
  it should be #toomanymuslims or # 98 % muslims . 
  i agree with your sentiment , but our government is still quite soft in deportation matter . 
  this crime , as the verdict goes here , is not severe enough to get him deported , i believe . 
  there is a bar in tampere , where that female bodybuilder ( whose name i do n't remember ) walked around with a head that they actually decapitated with a guy . 
  pirkanmaa district court is no stranger to decapitations ... oh yeah , they might well be walking free nowadays , are they ? 
  edit : how did i forget ? 
  her last name was butt . 
   we have to help those running from wars and poverty , but anyone we take in has to respect the law , the culture , learn the ( whatever ) language and pass an exam . 
  if you fail to pass an exam or break the law - good bye . 
  is n't something like this doable ? 
  that sounds pretty great to me . 
  politically , we are quite far still , i believe . 
  just listen to the news today . 
  the moscow `` spider web '' got a little brighter ... 
  well , is n't it great then , that there are also other mobile operators than elisa ... price as you wish . 
  come to think of it , czech wages are probably competitive , so welcome to euro !, 
  when things look up in economy , euro is as great as anything . 
  when there 's a downturn , something else than value of currency has to change to get things running again . 
  in other words ; employment , wages or ability to compete/productivity . 
  if you guys can increase your competitiveness at a moments notice , great . 
  you can always work in glorified socialist republic of finland . 
  let 's make kalmar union great again !, 
   all of the scandinavian states have/had very high trust and a short distance to the top . 
   - why could n't eu achieve that ? 
  do you trust juncker and van rompuy , for instance ? 
  can you , i , or a bunch of us realistically vote them off their positions ? 
  ( i know that vr is out of it already ) . 
  i would n't count either on it being net positive for average citizen . 
  strong lobby groups have their finger prints on it . 
  it is affecting our trade . 
  some of the sanctions should be lifted , in my opinion . 
  and other countries products sanctioned instead . 
  our politicians are so soft though , in this matter at least , that there 's not much to be expected . 
  that might be morally right , on some level , but the world does n't work that way . 
  i thought the ukrainians fought for themselves and their communities . 
  weak euro makes european exports cheaper outside europe . 
  there are many euro-countries that have large exports outside europe . 
  i 'd say though , that the collapse was well prepared by keeping the value of markka artificially high , by the finnish central bank . 
  the `` strong mark/vahva markka '' policy . 
  but yeah , soros was involved , and has done some shit that is n't pretty . 
  that might 've been the last nail in the coffin . 
  hiring the guy was a dumb decision . 
  we must first quietly inspect if there are any valuables . 
  then it 's all yours !, 
   vienna is the one and only capital . 
  it always comes to this . 
  this is why it 's so hard with the new kalmar union too . 
  what party did the moderate cons form ? 
  and oh , hey , if you want to improve your neighbours ' outlooks , you can just buy more of their stuff !, 
  that 's right . 
  we all have too big public sectors . 
  but it 's a matter of opinion . 
  germany has 15 % and switzerland 18 , compared to finland 's 24 + , according to that list . 
   the public sector is n't that big it 's big , the municipal sector is huge . 
  it 's more fun to blame both !, 
  if it 's to any consolation , many countries in europe have a weak outlook ... 
  they made a decision to drop android . 
  the leadership that once did good work dropped the ball at some point . 
  or maybe , after some of the top leaders left . 
  there 's not much difference , i guess . 
   even for them their existence should be made somewhat comfortable since the goal is not to punish them but to protect other citizens from them . 
  many think that one of the goals is to punish them , me included . 
  there 's a sense of justice when people who commited violent ( not self-defense ) or sexual crimes , for instance , are punished . 
  kemira growhow , i assume ? 
  part of kemira . 
  but it was a shitty deal for sure . 
  it ~ ~ will ~ ~ used to pay itself, 
  well i do n't have the figures or arguments , but i 'm not gon na rally against this meme !, 
  and that 's strange , because the netherlands , of all countries , seems to be doing well in basically everything ... except drinking coffee , where they are clearly inferior !, 
  it 's a two-edged sword . 
  finland does n't have anything that russia does n't have , resourcewise , so would russia attack finland just for more safe-space ? 
  on the other hand , if finland would join nato , how much of a red flag would it be for russia ? 
  the poles , even taking our moonshine jerbs in sweden .
