  and i was referring to oil and gas , for example , which we do n't have any . 
  we negotiate every drop of oil we use . 
  let me be clear in this regard : germany and france have lots of power in the eu , and if there is a qualified majority vote , they can shovel and push enough countries on their side that they do what they want . 
  you do n't think so ? 
  the greek financial crisis should have been handled very differently , like the swedes handled their banking crisis in the 90 's . 
  that would 've been tough for the french and german ( amongst others ) banking interests , so it was handled like it was . 
   ( ps : i 'm in the belgian side of limburg actually  ) well , that 's how much i know , i did n't come to think of the belgian side ... 
  i agree though , many natural resources may be succesfully handled like that , as long as the local government is smart enough to set a fee for extraction so that it is fair and predictable for them and the extracting company . 
  i think though , that there should be quite large discretion to limit or stop the extraction , when the government eg . 
  sees that the resource is going to end soon . 
  the large companies would n't like this of course , and the nestle 's and shell 's of the world would put enormous pressure to continue extraction , `` for free trade ! '', 
  i have to admit i do n't really know how this is regulated now in eu level . 
  also , drinking water is a little bit different product from oil and gas , and so are rare minerals , for example . 
  that might make it more difficult to regulate and agree on . 
   it 's actually why the eu exists , to make european strategic resources common many would disagree , at least in part . 
  if other countries want the oil , gas , rare earth minerals etc. , let them pay dearly . 
  formally , no . 
  on the other hand , for example tarja halonen did n't really say or do anything non-social democratic in her term . 
   can restrict access to a resource , but once they have allowed the extraction to happen , they are putting it into the hand of the market forces . 
  what 's the point of this , from the point of view of the country itself ? 
   oulu does n't get to decide either that its local forests are a strategic resource no , but i like the national level handling of this kind of resources , at least so far . 
  let 's assume that a gas company from amsterdam starts extracting natural gas in limburg , and transfers and sells it to dutch people and abroad . 
  it pays it 's taxes in the netherlands , and you also benefit of it , because ( maybe , i do n't know ? ), 
  dutch government directs an amount of money to projects in limburg , of the paid taxes . 
  the company also uses it 's profits largely in the netherlands . 
  if a belgian company transfers the gas straight abroad , and uses the money and pays taxes in belgium , you do n't benefit of the taxes or profits , and your gas is gone . 
  i do n't know if limburg has any gas , like the northern states . ), 
  you have a highly idealistic view of eu . 
  as if slovakia or finland really gets to decide what the eu will demand in this sort of matter . 
  if they give up that decision-making power . 
  where are you from ? 
  well , fresh water is a strategic resource in the future , if not already . 
  countries will rise against eu demands in this . 
   what kind of punishment is belgium 's court system going to give them that they would even worry about ? 
  i sort of agree , partly disagree with that . 
  i do n't think that hard punishments will change their mindset much . 
  if they are ok with group rape , and their opinion of women is that low , will even life sentence change it ? 
   the only reason to be `` tough on crime '' is retribution , and it actively working against an effective justice system . 
  how is it working * against * it ? 
  would you have any sources ? 
  well , large part of english-speaking and regional media ( that i understand ) has been talking in a way that almost everyone , or at least a large majority , are genuinely running from war/persecution . 
  at least that 's how i 've seen it . 
  it creates an interesting situation though , when some of the leading politicians in the prez 's party , the finance minister and the minister of internal affairs ( i guess ? ), 
  have been clearly more pro development country migration . 
   accepting refugees in europe gives the eu a lot of soft power ( which is '' the ability of a country to persuade others to do what it wants without force or coercion '' , the opposite of hard power ... that 's why it 's useful and important to argument well why the migration should be limited much more than now . 
  to not lose the soft power more than necessary , doing what 's necessary . 
  it 's useful to have a strong country with views occasionally differing from the consensus . 
  the franco-german take is not always right , or suitable for everyone . 
  the banks can still have their ( european ) headquarters in london , and buildings and subsidiaries in eu countries . 
  what will actually happen , that 's hard to say . 
  as far as i know , large parts of it are safe enough . 
  the eu does n't work swiftly at all , especially in migration related issues . 
  and yes , the deportations will not be easy , especially for smaller countries with less political weight . 
  that 's why co-operation would be helpful . 
  do we really need to get along well with afganistan , for instance ? 
  there should be some kind of `` axis of deportation '' between countries who want to deport the migrants who will not get granted asylum . 
  there would be more political weight , and the `` blame '' for economic sanctions , for instance , would n't rest on just one country . 
  if some countries do n't want to take part in the process , fine . 
  eu is going to just pussyfoot with the deportations , i assume . 
  well the question is , do the * majority of germans * like the government spending now ? 
   after 15 years 70 percent . 
  70 % of what ? 
  there is no way 70 % of men and women from the current migration countries will work , even in 15 years . 
  at least in finland that is totally impossible , and i doubt that the situation is vastly different in germany . 
  i found the following lists for european start-up cities : start-up investment , top metros : 1 . 
  london 2 . 
  paris 3 . 
  moscow 4 . 
  berlin 7 . 
  liverpool 9 . 
  ( there was top 20 in the report ) start-up inv. , per capita : 1 . 
  bunch of uk cities , helsinki , stockholm and berlin round out the top 10 . 
  you can download the report here ( for free ) : http://www.citylab.com/tech/2016/01/the-rise-of-global-startup-cities/426780/ ( the institute seems to be connected to toronto univ. ), 
   the more successful a company is , the more in debt it is , because people invest in it , so debt is a measurement of trust . 
  so much to comment , so little time . 
  it would be marvellous if there would be asylum centers right next to european parliament and commission buildings . 
  could this happen ? 
  oh right , it ca n't . 
  our politicians state all kinds of intentions , and every now and then , they materialize . 
  often , people have to bark hard before they do something smart . 
  if we count the wars we participated under swedish rule ( * touches garlic necklace and makes sign of cross * ) , we have fought the danes and poles a lot too , i guess . 
  if investments and exits are valued per capita , stockholm and helsinki should be somewhere there . 
  standard oil was broken into pieces once , but i guess we have reached a different level of corporatism . 
  where there is no majority in parliaments to limit the influence of powerful companies . 
  `` let 's make europe great again ! '', 
  you have even cut yourself in smaller pieces , peacefully . 
  that 's quite a rarity in europe !, 
  i do n't think that is quite what he aimed to do , defend . 
  political argumentation of the issue is separate from the violence ( from both sides ) . 
  there was loads of people there , attackers , victims and neutrals . 
  i would only read 31 suspects as they have been able to identify 31 suspects . 
  police work is not exact science . 
  in my experience , russians also get friendly when they drink . 
   50 of them hold archaic views that can be changed . 
  but can they , to the extent that we want ? 
  will we have to take steps back on how freely people ( minorities , women for instance ) can live in european societies ? 
  the boss should take the guy in a room one-on-one and do some old fashioned management-by-perkele ( yelling and threatening ) first . 
  and tell that firing is next in line . 
  what does turkey want regarding the migrants ? 
  if million + of them going to europe would be out of question , what would be a good result for turkey ?
