  well , as long as it keeps folks coming , you 're right . 
   cant bring them back to the coast of africa because you know libia is one big mess . 
  it does n't mean that we ca n't send people back to big mess . 
  if they ca n't improve the big mess , it 's their problem . 
  you guys are too educated and useful . 
  forgetaboutit . 
  liberalism pays politicians better . 
  the surprising thing is , that it 's liberal and globalism-oriented think tank , as far as i know . 
  and it * published * these results . 
  i think you are on to something useful here , with value-based vetting . 
  agree on many of your points . 
  go to chatham house website . 
  our nations agreed to those conventions in totally different situation . 
  maybe a couple of articles could be changed , and it would sort large part of the problem . 
  the conventions are made for people , not the other way around . 
  the old parties need to start sounding more sensible and planning changes . 
  in finland , the big ( old ) three parties still sound so out of touch what comes to non-european immigration . 
   ban whole countries from being allowed to immigrate it should be based on a set of measurable cultural standards . 
  lgbt and woman rights included in those . 
  good idea . 
  setting standards in those regards is hard , though . 
  violent crimes are more important to people than , say , traffic crimes . 
  drinks are quite expensive in bars/pubs . 
  quite a few of my friends frequently gather at home to watch hockey or brit football with couple of beers . 
  during summer , grilling in the garden and having a few drinks is quite common . 
  how would the north sea oil be divided if scotland separated ? 
  they can be `` incentivized '' or threatened to take our interests in mind , like in good old days . 
  you might be right regarding finland , but the requirement is low . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but the long-term unemployed are still counted to being unemployed in finland ? 
  instead , as far as i can remember , in usa they are ( after some time ) out of unemployment figures presented . 
  you just need to register to be `` actively seeking '' . 
  only reason they are not registered as actively seeking in usa is that they do n't get any more unemployment-related benefits , am i wrong ? 
  depends on the country , i guess . 
  i was totally surprised , when i heard how the american unemployment figures work . 
  difficult question . 
  the amount of foreign researchers & teachers in finnish universities , for instance , has been around 20 % lately , it gives some guidance . 
  also , for international tech companies , it 's important where they decide to stash their patent rights . 
  some keep all of them with their country of headquarters . 
  some , like abb and bayer ( nordic ) may hold parts of their patent pool with their finnish affiliates , for example . 
  the people that made the invention may still consist of international group of researchers . 
  are n't some high ranking party members gay ? 
  how do they feel about that ? 
   do you really want to do that on your own ? 
  eu has n't produced much results in this regard . 
  several countries might do better negotiating jointly , outside the eu group of negotiatiors . 
  so , what are the pros and cons of jef ? 
  if they have bought a swedish company ? 
  one of the largest patentholders in finland is abb oy ( ex-str\u00f6mberg ) . 
  rolls royce oy ( marine motors & energy ) is also decently represented . 
  or you could put them in hydraulic press ? 
  the question is , are you willing to significantly lower your safety/security standards for ... what exactly ? 
  the people from iraq , syria etc. 
  may be helped , with much less costs , outside europe . 
  in my mind , helping people is as humane wherever it happens . 
  one could say that so did ours . 
  but this is not * that * kind of freedom index . 
  you know , the wrong kind . 
   eurosceptism in sweden has always come from an unwillingness to `` homogenize '' our standards to the levels of poorer member states . 
  not from the fiscal unity with member states in varying states of economic development ? 
  our economy has been stagnating for years , and we are more expensive than germany . 
  the finns ' supporters want tighter and more active immigration policy , and end the budget cuts to low income folks and finns in general . 
  they would probably want more say in government 's decision-making ( or to drop out of the coalition ) . 
  something like 80-100 .000 , i 'd say , so 1,5-2 % . 
  maybe , but i think the funding part , to get weapons , is quite important . 
  some of their mp 's / politicians have been in public eye because of some anti-islam comments , but otherwise they have been quite anonymous . 
   the only thing the cia did was fund the right people , make life for some others a bit harder and then the coup happened . 
  ...  the cia is so mighty it can overthrow entire governments is just a meme well ... 
  there have been attempts to move some government agencies elsewhere in finland , and it 's been quite tough . 
  for example , they tried to move medicines agency ( several hundred km north ) , but the employees have been resisting , and now they probably have to cancel the move ( mostly ) . 
  the families , connections to other actors of the industry in the capital area , etc. 
  the governments change from time to time . 
  one should be able to change what previous government ( s ) did . 
  but i can see the pow of companies too . 
  their reasons for letting people have guns are a bit different , i believe . 
  it 's their business what they decide . 
  people having weapons ( rifles ) is also part of national defence in some countries . 
  and i guess all finnish int . 
  cables go through sweden ... 
  i have only gone a couple of times , but it 's a great place for an event . 
  on another note : the castle was apparently some kind of model for one of the castles in tintin book `` king ottokar 's sceptre '' . 
  pps = purchasing power standard . 
  so an artificial unit for comparison , taking into account the living standards . 
  they probably think they could help out some other way , being nurses , manufacturing weapons/ammo , or something . 
  some women go through conscription nowadays . 
  yeah , they should 've had it in estonian too . 
  most of estonian visitors probably understand what suomenlinna means ? 
   we will just focus on something else . 
  this is something we want to focus on , for the future . 
   we ca n't even look up anyone under 14 at all . 
  can you order them to juvenile institutions , where they basically are not allowed to go `` out to town '' ? 
   the man job of a company is n't to deliver good services . 
  when it 's a natural monopoly or close to it , that is . 
  otherwise competition would take care of pricing . 
  it 's from saxony ? 
  what do you mean by `` deportation is illegal '' ? 
  the international agreements most european countries have signed give quite a bit of room to deport people . 
  and hopefully , you could give yourself a shake and be less emotional about this issue . 
  the european policies should be decided on what is good in the long term , not just by going away from what * feels * bad in the moment . 
  i do n't have more time now to repeat what has been said many times : dealing with governments of libya , iraq etc. , australian model , dealing with smugglers , fences , water cannons , etc. 
  now , there 's a lot i can agree with .
