  f the isds . 
  yeah . 
  not a union that works , but an ever closer one . 
  ok , i can just blame my lazy ass then . 
  we only know some bits and pieces of what they negotiated , do n't we ? 
  so it 's hard to even tell if they did a good job in negotiations . 
   if someone is a productive member of society who has a job , i do n't see why should n't they have a right to stay . 
  and there are not many who want these kind of people out . 
  in the next best-on-best , we have competitive team !, 
  -- hockey things --, 
   nato ... outsource our oil to canada and our healthcare to mexico wait ... what ? 
  could you explain this a bit more ? 
  yeah , except they just killed more than nazis . 
  we are in post-factual era now !, 
   the government can not dictate what may and may not be aired on a state-owned network ( at least in most european states ) . 
  in countries like sweden or finland , they probably do n't have to dictate . 
  the state-owned network is saturated by social democrat/national coalition ( moderaterna ) members or supporters . 
  rt probably gets government `` guidance '' . 
   it is still almost impossible to get a bank account in the us , eu/eea , or uk if your business is in any way involved with bitcoin or digital currencies . 
  based on what ? 
  other than they do n't like the business ... 
   you 're right , human rights should be abolished i love your debating style , and you probably love mine !, 
  all inter-governmental influence is there to get more power , money or resources . 
  regarding prostitution , it might be because it 's quite visible in the netherlands . 
  i studied and worked some time there , and in amsterdam and groningen you can see prostitutes in their windows , in certain parts of town ( and you do n't have to go to really shady areas ) . 
  i was just joking previously , naturally . 
  has it been claimed in english or german speaking media that they were from poland ? 
  just out of interest . 
  ( and that 's what i 'd understand ), 
  i see . 
  i was thinking mostly of ports ; i assumed that that 's what they would use for trade , and there would be a decent one in aberdeen etc. 
  thanks !, 
   can us now attack finland and take a part of it to themselves ? 
  what kind of logic is this then ? 
  you guys are getting all worked out . 
  did i say russia had a right to attack eastern ukraine/crimea ? 
  i just commented the discussion between gutterpump and whitepalm . 
  many are living in refugee camps now , do you think the suggested way would be worse ? 
  what if all africans and middle easterners would take a ship to europe and demand their human rights ? 
  how could we call ourselves european if we would n't just comply immediately ? 
   most scottish trade moves through england just ot curious question : why is this ? 
  us has increased it 's forces in many fronts around russia before russia attacked . 
  it 's not as simple as `` the good guy - the bad guy '', 
  many , but still there is the archipelago sea , which has over 17 000 islands larger than 0,5 ha ( wiki ) . 
  hookers and blow jokes ? 
  even if he would be just waving the axe around in my subway car , it would probably be someone else who got axed , so what do i care ? 
  you know , shit happens . 
  maybe it 's a useless discussion because of subjectivity . 
  i happen to like quite a lot of avicii 's ( early ) stuff too . 
   the quality of something like music is whole and completely subjective -- by nature what most people prefer must be the `` best '' . 
  i disagree with you a bit . 
  what most people like is in some way catchy , but often quite generic . 
  would you listen and dance to new calvin harris or david guetta songs for long ? 
  i agree that musical taste is highly subjective . 
  dj mag top 10 has even more dutch folks , armin and hardwell too . 
  nowadays . 
  but most of them have made some good/inventive stuff . 
  that 's a massive figure . 
  it reads to me like the court could n't get there people who would be convincing enough to convict the guy , so they keep looking . 
  but would you jump in a car , who does n't think you are the most important person to be saved ? 
   euroskeptic kremlin franchisees so you 're buying that everything euroskeptic is paid by kremlin ... i do n't think so . 
  this could be interpreted as not even starting from euroskepticism , but general criticism of immigration . 
  no , it 's more like the big companies and politicians are the bad guys . 
  as a regular canadian , you very likely are not . 
  what 's germany 's risk there in the vattenfall case really ? 
  the other countries think that the german government is more unreliable contract partner than we thought ? 
  well , vattenfall bears the costs ( so far ) , and they still have siemens and the like if later government decides to go back to nuclear power ... 
   if anything , it 's the other way around do you know the relevant terms of the agreement ? 
  me neither . 
  if we have 50 % trade surplus , we should only make a deal , that does n't jeopardize that . 
  starting swedish can be difficult , if finnish and english are what you usually use ( at work ) . 
  it 's easier to keep on making mistakes when you 're a bit drunk . 
  and then you might start to remember more and more ... 
  you do n't have to treat them like normal people either . 
  that 's news to me . 
  you are only supposed to have the * right * kind of freedom , the european freedom . 
  it 's a little bit like americans bringing democracy abroad . 
  it 's about time !, 
  we have prepared for russian invasion for a millennium or so . 
  ( or 99 years , if that 's how you want to count it ), 
   it means the government is n't doing enough to push girls into political jobs . 
  nature is sexist and we need government to at least attempt to correct it . 
  if government/administration does all it can to correct it , the result can still be that there are 30 or 40 % female mp : s. i do n't think number of mps should be a significant factor for this kind of ranking . 
   people had to be pretty damn desperate to even attempt it . 
  being pretty delusional might have also contributed to the decision . 
  i like both good looking old style buildings and sky scrapers . 
  to each their own . 
  the seller might as well invest in his own country , or elsewhere not in uk . . there has been quite a boom in uk property business at least , though . 
   we both know that it happens in nordic countries as well . 
  it does , i 'm sure of it . 
  but i do n't think it 's as simple as that . 
  it 's hard to tell . 
  are their school results similar to ethnically french people ? 
  if not , why ? 
  what about their acceptance figures to higher education ? 
  '' ... if that currency is the reserve currency '' , maybe ? 
  i 'm not a native speaker . 
  edit . 
  `` the '' !, 
  sounds good , but what would your good buddies uk and germany say ?
