  and you saw how hungary was treated for their reaction to the asylum seekers . 
  but who owns the companies that use the increased automation , and who gets the profits ? 
  the holding company can pay taxes in luxembourg or netherlands , so ... problems ? 
   while all of europe did n't build empires , everyone has benefited from it . 
  everyone , how ? 
  do you think that raw materials and products from colonies ended up in non-colonising european countries for free ? 
  destabilizing europe , one boob at a time . 
   there are a number of economic studies on the advantages of immigration liberalization : virtually all of them favor it . 
  i 've seen studies from uk , norway and finland , which state that large part of immigration has been economically disadvantageous . 
  it depends what part we talk about . 
  the immigration from developed countries with similar cultures is typically beneficial . 
  i guess it 's always ok to make fun of their neighbouring countries . 
  still , if i compare what i know about danish and swedish immigration discussion , there seems to be a noticeable difference in what people talk about and how , at least now . 
  then unfortunately , i 'm just a racist . 
  and we want our colonisation benefits now , in cash and with interest !, 
  hmmm ... can we become a bundesstaat ? 
  we are already familiar with ordnung , w\u00f6rk and engineering , the cornerstones of life . 
  was n't it the brits and russians who started the great game in the 19th century ? 
  and maybe the french ? 
  what does it have to do with other european countries now ? 
  did the countries actually know what they signed for when they became eu members ? 
  like all of it ? 
  it takes a smart guy to admit that he was wrong in something , props to you . 
  do they really send them back ? 
  or do they give deportation orders that wo n't be executed ? 
  thing is , if the afghani government just announces it does n't take asylum seekers back ( like iraq to finland ) , what are the smaller european countries to do ? 
  will the germans , french and uk back us up to strongarm the afghani government ? 
  at the moment , i doubt it . 
  '' ... any other form of ` end justifies the means ' activity has never been referred to as political correctness '' have to disagree . 
  i 'd say that is what is called pc nowadays in quite a few countries . 
  there is a theory that refugees/asylum seekers might be used to help lower wages in countries where unions are strong and wages high . 
  the housing market also gets a tax payer funded `` boost '' of refugee wave . 
  the construction companies , real estate companies and refugee centre service providers are often controlled by wealthy businessmen . 
  i agree . 
  i 'd say in many developed nations , at least `` western '' ones , the media is indeed majority center-left . 
  in europe especially . 
  you can have the single currency , in central europe . 
  germany/benelux/austria etc. 
  are quite in synch what comes to economic cycles , i believe ? 
  it seems , that some other european countries need the option to devaluate or have an own floating currency . 
  there are passport unions between countries with close ties . 
  we could go back to those and drop ( part of ) schengen . 
  `` every country is free to leave the european union whenever they wish '' by the looks of it , eu will make it hard for any country to leave . 
  ecb has a lot of power regarding any euro-country . 
  political and trade ramifications may be very big also . 
  eu is a political dream and pet project of many a politician . 
  maybe other countries think that greeks were dissed so hard in the summer , that it 's not time to diss them again . 
  yet . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  you might beat sweden in being a `` humanitarian superpower '' , if you try hard , and your taxpayers do n't revolt !, 
  countries who agree on some measures should start working together , outside of eu structure . 
  eu does n't get things done at the moment . 
  i 'd say do n't hug a finn if you 've just met him/her a few times , but if you 're friends , then by all means . 
  are the europeans responsible for finding or giving perspective to all people in the world ? 
  and what does it mean , having perspective ? 
  you ca n't get a job nowadays in finland & many other europ . 
  countries just because you want to . 
  you have to have specific skills , long-term plans and sometimes luck . 
  you ca n't do many smart things in this refugee crisis , if you always back down when you 're called racist , fascist or the like . 
  at least in the nordics . 
  the short-term gratification of emotional voters/greedy business men vs. long-term , clearheaded policies beneficial to most in europe is really in the core of the asylum seeker discussion . 
  do you have a link for that ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  we could also start developing civil shipbuilding with polish companies . 
  but worldwide demand has not been great lately . 
  some iraquese guys in finland said in facebook that finland is so horrible ( the food , expensive ciggies etc ) it 's better to risk dying in iraq ... 
  and germany has about 8 times the population ( and resources ) of sweden . 
  '' \u015a\u0179\u0106\u017b\u0143 '' is n't that the name of that one port city ? 
  the asylum seekers would go somewhere else . 
  if europe had a coordinated response to this situation , they might stay outside europe . 
  and how many europeans want to be a poorer place with more problems ? 
  well , a hint for the realists : in finnish west and south coasts there are areas where people can live basically their whole lives , including work , talking in swedish ... 
  the guardian is so leftist though that it 's almost like a nordic newspaper . 
  `` i think blaming the eu is something that mostly happens in smaller countries . '', 
  maybe , because the leading eu countries make us smaller countries pay for your mistakes , like the banking crisis and the german politicians ' take on refugees . 
  why are they not willing to accept it ? 
  this is the first time i 've heard about `` american style apathy '' . 
  do n't know what it means . 
  i thought americans usually tend to be quite energetic/active . 
  denmark , netherlands or sweden . 
  maybe australia , canada or switzerland , but i have n't been in these countries , so ca n't tell for certain ... 
  the neighbours are definitely not gon na like it . 
  the swedes want to take the role of `` humanitarian superpower '' first , then when the influx of immigrants becomes overwhelming , not suprisingly at all , the swedish politicians and media want to dump a humble 50.000 + to their not-so-eager neighbours . 
  fantastic ( from a finn ) !, 
  denmark seems to have the best ideas about the immigration wave , of the nordics . 
  i 'm finnish , and our politicians are full of it !, 
  compassion , i mean . 
  since when did swedish politicians care about realities like that ? 
  ( or other nordics ) it 's all about compassion !, 
  first world tensions . 
  the danes are not the most pc in europe . 
  looking at `` unicorns '' is one point of view . 
  i do n't think it gives the whole picture of the level of start-up financing and culture . 
  they know where politicians ' money is , so no invasion . 
  alanko = low/nether , maat = countries, 
   serbia is in a weird position where it tries to please both sides my dad says that 50 's to 80 's were n't that bad , welcome to finlandization . 
  your rulers are crazy , but businesses are well run . 
  transfer pricing rules should be improved . 
   this is n't actually to the benefit of the netherlands there are people working in the headquarters , and you tax them ? 
  or are these pure shell companies ?
