  for countries who are in the same economic cycle than germany euro might be a pretty decent thing . 
  the netherlands is like that i think , maybe belgium too ? 
   both of our chief exports , nokia and paper , are dead . 
  you 're exaggerating . 
  but if they were n't in the shape they are , our economy would definitely be growing . 
   finland was supposedly the 8th most complex economy and i thought that would make them far more resilient to the downturn . 
  this might be old info . 
  anyway , nokia and growing paper industry were big parts of finnish economy , and they have had to downsize and reinvent themselves the last years . 
  also , russian trade is in halt now . 
  these are definite issues for pretty small country . 
  what if countries like finland , denmark , netherlands , uk made a reasonable suggestion of , for example , building ( improved ) australia-type camps outside europe ? 
  that accompanied with v4 positions might be able to influence the decision-making towards more restricting policies ? 
  there is also the middle ground , which is large . 
  you do n't have to say `` refugees are terrorists '' . 
  you can say , that at the moment , the refugee wave is out of hand , and the officials ca n't deal with it in many ways , including security , housing , handling of applications etc. 
  temporarily closing the outer borders is a smart thing . 
  many countries might want to close their own inner borders too , because the outer borders have been leaking . 
  in many countries , amount of syrians of the asylum seekers/economic migrants is less than 20-10 % . 
  still , the problem is how to deport the ones that do n't fulfill the requirements for asylum . 
  some eu-level measures or co-op might be needed . 
  you guys should get over your ii world war guilt . 
  ( even though you were probably at least partly joking ), 
   to make a conflict between the real refugees and native europeans . 
  there will be some kind of conflict , or difficulties , anyway . 
  large part of the incomers will not get a residence permit . 
  tightening the border control will just help to ease the situation inside europe . 
  and all the euro countries should help the southern countries in border issues . 
  what good is this immigration wave to european countries anyway ? 
  it 's different for e.g. 
  english speaking countries , quite many immigrants/asylum seekers already know some basics of the language , compared to quite a few european countries . 
  there should be tighter control who is coming in europe , and to each country . 
  they can provide good short-term feelings for people who want to help people claiming to run from war . 
   nice job at the eu . 
  where else is a finnish politician going to go once they leave office ? 
  there 's no high-end private sector jobs in finland anymore . 
  otherwise i agree with your statement , but there are high end private sector jobs . 
  politicians just do n't have skills for them , except for being `` public relations manager '' , if even that . 
  has german ( - ic ) politicians ( i ca n't be sure if they were germans or austrians , they all look the same/s ) critizised heavily when other european countries tried to stop or hinder the refugee crowds ? 
  yes . 
  so they are partly to blame . 
  poles work or go back . 
  what about the refugees ? 
  one or two of those values might need some rethinking if we want to be economically strong region in 10-15 years time . 
  and able to help others still . 
  muslims are not treated that badly in many countries . 
  the muslims still need to get their shit together and educate themselves at least close to local level , as a group . 
   `` all brown and middle easterners people must be daesh terrorists '' the problem is , how well can we tell who are and who are not ? 
  there are politicians in many countries who still do n't want to tighten controls , and our politicians are soft enough , that they want to side with germans/west europeans even when it ends up supporting the silly thing . 
  if german leadership would change their stand a bit , it might change the whole situation . 
  i 'm all for german way of conducting business and many other things , but i think here the eu countries are being naive . 
  your politicians are partly to blame , because they are against tightening the border controls in european borders . 
  you do n't get to decide alone what the european values are . 
  in today 's world , one should carry his cultural racism with grace . 
   with more crazy people and lakes !, 
  so better ? 
  if in their natural form . 
  yes , finnish tribes existed before vermont tribes !, 
  oksanen is well known , but i had never heard of this ker\u00e4nen fellow . 
  only sami people look somewhat asian . 
  other people do n't in my mind look any more asian than bj\u00f6rk , except for actual asian people who have moved here . 
  and also the possible deductions in ( finnish ) municipal taxes are not shown there , so in reality that would bring the total tax rate a bit down . 
  scroll down on your link and check out the part on municipal taxes ... 
  7 + 3 years for people who go to lukio/high school whatchacallit . 
  if you 're a couple of minutes early , you can power up your laptop and find your papers , before you guys start . 
   ( cola mixed with fanta ) this sounds like the weirdest thing . 
  we are mongol germans surrounded by sea germans and russians . 
  it 's probably driven both by money to some , and ideology to some others . 
  centre-right entrepreneurs and left wingers , unite !, 
  the tax payer in the middle will pay and sulk . 
   germany can pass what it wants on this issue . 
  but if they do , there might be a pretty big backlash . 
  this was in the 90 's . 
  i reckon they have changed their views to more moderate after that ? 
  are there any choices if you want to get immigration wave in control and also give a vote to other politics you like ? 
  and if they do , germans , swedes and others cry foul ( see hungary etc. ) . 
  why do n't you check the stats of how many of working age people of your largest out-of-europe migrant countries have a job ? 
  it 's not about individuals in the large scale , it 's mostly about what amount of tax payers support what amount of other people . 
  ( also about what kind of salaries the tax paying ones get ), 
  the 2nd gen immigrants , at least , are not supposed to do ( just ) gritty jobs . 
  they are supposed to get finnish schooling , have mostly finnish attitudes towards work and learning etc. 
  if they have n't cultivated that growing up , that 's their fault , but something that the host society eventually has to deal with . 
  yeah , i now it does n't quite work like that in reality ... 
  helping swedes is different from taking in hundreds of thousands of random people from third world countries . 
  quite a few are pure economic migrants , but getting them out of the country after negative decision is a pain in the butt . 
  integrating the rest wo n't be all roses and daffodils either . 
  well , i would n't say germans are * exceptionally * polite , as the other guy thought , and germans can be direct . 
  looks like a carcass eater circling around remnants of european countries . 
  but in general , who in europe is really * winning * at the moment ? 
   if single ... you 're fucked . 
  i like the sound of this . 
   most pressing concern voiced by people is immigration . 
  eurozone is also a shitty deal , during downturn , for countries that are in a different economic cycle than germany ( + nelux , austria and the like ) . 
  and maybe france too . 
  then there 's ttip , where we can go badly wrong if the eu negotiators get hoodwinked or just drop the ball . 
  then there 's the aftermath of banking crisis/greece and many other issues . 
  thanks . 
  i believe you are supposed to get the basic income when you 're an adult . 
  i think there are elements of meritocracy here , but as you said , also elements of just luck . 
  you have to draw the line somewhere though . 
  our forefathers and us worked to build the institutions ( universal healthcare , pensions , social security ) in our country .
