  it ai n't right !, 
  it 's probably not even left , if the economic aspect is included , but liberal . 
  i might be dumb , but tank armor sounds tougher to penetrate than bricks . 
  my opinion is not high . 
  albanian immigrant shot several people a few years ago at the mall where i go often . 
  albania makes the news usually in negative tone , something related to organized crime or human trafficking etc. 
  the country should not be a part of eu or schengen any time soon . 
   and we already cut our pensions and education to accommodate 33,000 i would n't say that the cuts are made directly because of immigrants . 
  there would 've been cuts anyway . 
  just lol . 
  look , people have lives , and they do n't expect that they are expected to explain all sides of their views in a couple of internet comments . 
  which , it seems , you did n't even read through anyway . 
  carry on . 
  what 's the point of this ? 
  i originally commented on kind of mundane terminology thing , then this diverted to something totally different . 
  english is my second language , obviously . 
  of course i might use buzzwords , and wrong words even . 
  the thing is , what would make us trust the current eu ? 
  the financial crisis was not well handled , this immigration thing is not well handled . 
  anytime something big comes up , the leadership is totally surprised , they take one line , and stubbornly cling to it , no matter what . 
  nothing of this makes me trust the eu officials and representatives . 
   lack of experience in integrating big numbers would someone point to a european , or any country that has succesfully integrated a large bunch of mena immigrants ? 
  the netherlands ? 
  germany ? 
  anyone ? 
  it 's also warmer in greece than in the nordics , and the beaches are nice . 
  you get to be on the beach , and feel good about yourself , how about that ? 
  that 's true . 
  after the initial investment , to a factory or sales office etc. , they then may be able to draw nice cash flow for decades . 
  ( well , it 's not that easy any more , without improvents ), 
  it 's as shadowy as any political elite in any country . 
  it 's just international , or supranational . 
  it 's the group of guys whose opinion and advice weighs , when decisions are made . 
  well let 's say the commission , the top civil servants , and to some extent , the ministers of european council . 
  for example . 
  what do * they * want ? 
  it 's hard to say much non-vague about this , quickly . 
  there are conflicting interests , for sure . 
  federalism vs. nationalism is an important theme . 
  foreign-based companies can , and quite often will , take the profits out of the country and spend it in another country . 
  also , it 's much easier to close a factory in a foreign country than the country you 're based in . 
  there 's a lot of good coming from foreign investment too , but for brewitys sake , i 'll not go there ... 
  `` brussels '' is kind of like `` wall street '' , it represents the eu elite , wherever they originate from . 
  i think there could be some criteria to this . 
  like , to be included in nordic club , you have to make more money , be more socialist and more gay than denmark . 
  or finland . 
  something like that . 
  i do n't want to be a party pooper , but turning forest into money still has some benefits . 
  it 's hard to say about russia , but my gut feeling about this is that the probability of violence is much lower , at least in efta + eu countries . 
   pretty sure they would n't poll too different than those muslim countries . 
  would you say that gays can expect the same amount of violence or credible threats in conservative european countries than in middle eastern countries ? 
  i guess i would n't go that far . 
  eu leadership does n't like anyone leaving the club , so there will be some `` punishment '' . 
  at least pretty bad terms for the one leaving . 
  uk is so economically powerful , that their negotiating position is a bit different . 
  not quite half , but thousands anyway . 
  what would be the benefits of that in his opinion ? 
  i like the idea of increasing trade and co-operation between northern countries , but there should be some tangible benefits of specific regional union . 
  * countries close to syria . 
  culturally similar countries . 
  finnish politicians suck up to germany in most situations . 
  katainen , the former finnish pm , is very likely sitting in eu commission in 20 000 + per month , because he sold this silly bailout to finnish voters . 
  it should 've been dealt between germany , france , and wherever the banks were from who had given massive credit lines to greece . 
  the refugee convention was not planned with this kind of situation in mind . 
  besides , some experts have commented , that in it 's early years the convention was applied in such a way that people primarily seek refuge in their neighbouring countries . 
  that would be a sensible approach also nowadays . 
  in couple of decades , the efficiency will be really maxed with automation , and then half of the people wo n't work . 
  you might get sued for discrimination in the nordics though . 
  right or wrong . 
  for example , bars get in trouble if they refuse , say , gipsies or somalis . 
  who the heck throws stones at ambulance that is coming to help one of * your own guys * ? 
  or am i missing something badly ? 
  hellinna tunnel would cost an estimated 9-13 bln euros , in reality probably more . 
  and would there be enough traffic ? 
  i do n't know . 
  it 's also been used in finland , as a pagan symbol . 
  that 's such an ayn rand thing to say . 
  a pan-european political union which is not owned or heavily influenced by international tax evaders , you mean ? 
  well , i do n't advertise for dishonest either , in the sense of `` factually incorrect '' . 
  to gain the support you want though , it may be wise to suit your words for the audience . 
  where does the swastika-flag come from in this context ? 
  i do n't think of it as germans . 
  he did n't specify the countries , but there are many countries around switzerland that suffered in the wars . 
  but in general , syrians are culturally and based on language much farther from the swiss than the germans . 
  not to mention the other modern migrant countries of origin . 
  would the people from neighbouring countries have been the same as in this migration wave , culturally and what comes to values ? 
  it 's different folks and different strokes , i say . 
  they assimilated so well that after 7 + years in the country , only 15-30 % of them work , depending on the country of origin . 
  give some more % to the turkish + couple of others though . 
  latvian brand would be sons of perkons . 
  iceland was also basically the only country to jail their bankers after 2008 . 
  resisting viking-mongols is futile !, 
  then you 're probably not from helsinki area , turku area or bothnian coast . 
  taking money from tax payers and handing it to migrants is not the greatest and most profitable business tax payers can think of . 
  all right . 
  regarding austerity , i was in favour of combination of some austerity , debt relief/restructuring and qe . 
  we are not free to elect the commission officials , for example . 
  who could have predicted , that for instance olli rehn from my country becomes commissioner who drives austerity down on everyones throats ? 
  in the amount it was done . 
  i did n't vote for him , you did n't vote for him .
