  the problems with deporting people are not easy to solve , if germany has hard time to solve them . 
  you have lots of political power . 
   rides based on historic events like someone telling some folks to eat cake instead , and then some folks guillotined ? 
  since she was selected to the commission , she has a lot of work explaining that she is not part of the elite . 
  many have hard time understanding it , because politicians and media blur the line constantly . 
  they tell people to be `` against immigration '' and so on , when most people are just against unskilled/low-skilled immigration from culturally very different countries . 
  i disagree . 
  now you explain . 
  luxembourg is like one fourth of stockholm metro area by population . 
  there could have been , let 's say , 0-40 % foreign investment included , and the country/citizens would have still got nice amount of profits in the long run . 
  when libya is more peaceful . 
   where we ca n't force individual countries to deal with a problem we can incentivize and sanction them though . 
  well , it 's either them or us . 
  i prefer them . 
  they are also culturally more compatible with asylum seekers . 
  how about making deals with other north african countries , like tunisia or morocco ? 
  besides , if eu is n't able or willing to do anything useful to this migration movement , what can they do to protect europeans from outside military attack ? 
  the new group still has power , but what will they do with it ? 
  soini is one of the most * flexible * politicians , but some others in the group have pretended that they have some principles . 
  alternative jampole ( hillotolppa ) . 
  yes , this new group has to play with sipil\u00e4 's and orpo 's incoming eu federalization proposals . 
  let 's see for example terho 's and elo 's explanations when they play by kepu and ncp playbooks . 
   that 's why there are actual experts employed by the state . 
  who often have hidden , or not so hidden , political affiliations . 
  if you do n't understand what is brought in front of you , you might be taken for a ride . 
  they were important parts for this specific party . 
  many of the things are not paid much attention to . 
   he would n't have accepted any of halla-aho 's deputies as the new minister of foreign affairs . 
  you might be right . 
  the most likely fn would 've been terho , if not soini , and terho talked about eu referendum in the future . 
  i agree on the brussels thing . 
   he 's claiming that muslims are ululating with their dicks hard at the sight of heads being chopped off . 
  he was n't a politician back then , was he ? 
  bloggers write crazy stuff which they think goes as humor . 
  i do n't think they would 've taken hakkarainen in the cabinet . 
  that 's just too heavy . 
  but we do n't know . 
  i would n't have taken huhtasaari either , if i 'd be in that position . 
  it 's interesting to hear what they all say . 
  they are on tv tonight . 
  it 's fascinating that you think it 's going to be that rosy for the tax payer . 
  also , there is just 101 mp 's for those parties , and v\u00e4yrynen might jump back to parliament at some point , by the sounds of it . 
   ok , it was mentioned already . 
  well , you 're gon na get better healthcare in vaasa and the language trials will probably end , so it 's all going to be good . 
   capable of proving them wrong . 
  you can start . 
  the 32k coming in 2015 has helped us , or them , really ... how ? 
  behind all that explanation , ncp and kepu essentially did n't want to go with the original program for government . 
  that was pretty ridiculous . 
  most people do n't think that ncp and kepu have much values outside dealing money to their designated in-groups . 
   i highly doubt hs would start lying about something that could be checked by anyone with a copy of the magazine . 
  i do n't doubt that hs could misinterpret anything that they see being against their values . 
   brussels has too much power -  votes to give brussels more power . 
  ttip gives power more to international companies than brussels , but i agree with your sentiment . 
  i think fm is going to be terho , or * maybe * huhtasaari , but hopefully not her . 
  ncp and kepu wo n't call snap elections , i 'd bet they realize that halla-aho will still back up their pet projects , health care reform and regional reform , if they do some favours . 
  where did that colour + cross - combination come to portuguese flag ? 
  just keep in mind that sniping can be legal again , and everything will be fine !, 
  not really . 
  you guys know the area better . 
   if you see eu like that , then you should really campaign to quit it . 
  we can also try to change it . 
  if it does n't work , then ... 
  some north african country who would get money ? 
  and would not beat them to death for the smallest of reasons . 
   they want to go to germany where they * get the most cash * and the softest laws to abuse i do n't think they do , but do n't tell the migrants . 
  in the future : parties with more centrist views than fn , but more immigration critical than the old ruling parties . 
  why was us interested enough to take such a stand ? 
   on average public supported investments are more beneficial/profitable long term than average private investments , and have less waste . 
   eu is way more trustworthy than naive ideologues at sida and even the eu ca n't keep track of it 's accounts . 
  only imagination is the limit , how about hell 's kitchen of jihadi temptation island ? 
  i think eu is not holding up democratic standards as they should , but why are some member countries still getting so much money ? 
  our minister of foreign affairs is also a millwall fan , but i ca n't see him doing this . 
  i think there are lots of measures that the governments could take . 
  they should try what works , step by step . 
  if they do n't , people at some point will vote for `` those guys who definitely get the job done '' . 
  and then it will get messy . 
  they could try : deporting larger amount of the worst offenders , stopping saudi ( wahhabi/salafist ) financing and influence on mosques , monitoring of speeches in mosques ( and churches , to not discriminate ) , harsher sentences + solitary cells , more cops for surveillance , and so on . 
  i was thinking the same about ny , but maybe the us meetings are spread around to many cities ... 
   i voted to shrink the belgian government while i was working for it . 
  i do n't think i 'll ever hear this from a finnish public sector worker . 
  i salute you , sir !, 
   the most reputable non-profit on this issue in germany alone lists 74 deaths due to right-wing extremism since the year 2000 . 
  i looked at the list after 2000 , and large part of the names sound german to me . 
  if german right-wingers kill germans , how does it relate to this issue at hand ? 
  well , then we can only deal with them like with local troublemakers and criminals . 
  but tighter vetting now may prevent issues in the future . 
  i was supposed to write `` any '' but instead it ended up `` many '' . 
   we just ca n't let people die in the ocean ... 
  instead of taking them to nearest port like tunis for instance , the ngo 's sail straight to italy . 
  compatibility is a best way to talk and think about it . 
  if i 'm honest though , i ca n't think of any aspects of islamic culture that i 'd see improving the european cultures and values . 
  so what should the police be doing ? 
  stand idle , or be more `` considerate '' when arresting people ? 
  i 'm not sure i quite understand your line of thinking . 
  much tighter vetting to anyone who comes from out of europe ( or inside , for that matter ) also . 
  if that 's not possible because of some int . 
  agreements , then rewrite some pragraphs in those . 
   sure , it 's bad for the european steel industry but it 's good for everyone else in europe . 
  when european steel industry is pretty much crushed , the prices will start to rise .
