  i think nokia had `` restructured '' their taxes after the figures shown above were published . 
  they moved large parts of production and r & d abroad and they became new taxable entities . 
  the rigid job market is one reason too . 
  it 's either devaluation , or adjusting employment contracts . 
  or actually innovating stuff , but you ca n't have super innovators in every corner , all the time . 
  working locals pay income taxes . 
  and i guess there are also assembly & other jobs , not just administrative ones ? 
  we are just being nice to big countries because we are a small country . 
  you guys do n't have that excuse . 
   post-post-post modern thought processes which make their way into your laws ( sweden , germany , then uk ) , our academia and here i thought that many of these thought processes originated from us academia ... 
  trade and financial things ? 
  and flow of confidential information . 
  how often can we be the `` new '' sick man ? 
  it 's so last season !, 
  also , nokia has given license to [ hmd global ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hmd_global ) , a finland-based company , to develop nokia-branded mobile phones . 
  'cause someone was asking . 
  i think it 's fair that if you have to see a specialist in a non-life threatening health issue , and want to see him quickly , you have to pay a meaningful sum from your own pocket . 
  what kind of things did you include in your 70 % ? 
  pension insurance can be done many ways , and it 's not that money going to pensions and social insurance would be at your disposal in many other systems either . 
  i would bet there are very few people , who are actually islamo `` phobic '' . 
  people are not just entitled to everything they ask for that would help them practise their religion . 
  although here , i do n't know why the students could n't use a free class/any kind of room during the breaks . 
   `` but finland is a bilingual country '' that 's one thing . 
  swedish has somewhat strong position in helsinki , turku and coastal bothnia regions . 
  even when people tick the box in `` finnish speaking '' they might still be bilingual and think that swedish teaching is worthwhile . 
  also , the politicians dont want to tackle it . 
  it 's a subject where you divide your voters quickly . 
  i think the best solution now would be to differentiate by region , so that studying swedish would n't be mandatory in most of the country . 
  it 's true that there is political corruption in finland , like in any country . 
  `` inferiority '' is not part of my dictionary usually , i do n't know why i used it ... if one makes a worldwide comparison , finland and sweden are pretty close to each other generally . 
  the swedish-speakers advantages are historical , like in canada and belgium for example . 
  swedes do well in many areas , but they can be quite gullible in some areas , and have a tendency to back down in tough ( especially physical ) situations . 
  it does n't come naturally to me to think of swedes as `` superior '' . 
  in quite a few things , we also view swedes as inferior , so it 's basically a matter of point of view . 
  it 's hard to do it without backing up of greece and italy , and they only want to do it in a way they want to do it . 
  also , if you lump in immigration of all kind and multiculturalism , you do n't get very meaningful results . 
  there 's useful and non-useful immigration , and people who are pro immigration , might not be pro multiculturalism . 
  i would n't put it like that , but some cultures are quite different from each other . 
  there 's more than a couple of countries in europe , where violent or sexual crime does n't get you automatically deported . 
  or at all . 
  we have some killers in finland who have n't got deported . 
  they were not citizens . 
   totalitarian ? 
  i 'd say it 's somewhat true , but not so much in any brutal fashion . 
  they are quit eager to limit the freedom of speech of eu critics and sceptics . 
  the west and the east do n't even speak the same language !, 
   conflating eu skepticism with xenophobia . 
  mixing uncontrolled immigration with xenophobia . 
  well they hit brussels too ? 
   svensker i helsing\u00f8r , gr\u00f8nl\u00e6nder stiv how deep drunkenness do these depict ? 
  old viking habit , i guess . 
  when the destabilizing starts ( well , excluding ukraine ) , we 'll let you know . 
  this is pretty interesting solution from canada , and if we ask eu commission , a racist one too !, 
   moderate long-beard-possessioners etc. 
  great , you even accept helsinki region semi-hipsters !, 
  i feel like i have a plan b. 
  well , on the other hand , if they do n't get prison sentences , do they really feel punished in any way for what they have done ? 
  i do n't think fines and conditional sentences work for guys who do n't have income . 
  it 's great that the sanctions barely affect britain 's trade at all . 
  it 's easy to escalate all kinds of stuff . 
   the us has loads of gas and will happily ship it over . 
  it costs a lot . 
  ( finland does n't really need a lot of gas ), 
  you can tell male sales guys not to wear caps at work , ca n't you ? 
  why not the same for headscarves ? 
  no religion gives you no other option than wearing a certain kind of scarf . 
  ... in europe . 
  koreans and chinese are doing a little bit too well in shipbuilding . 
   they are people that ran away from their home because they did not feel safe . 
  many of them could have moved inside their own country . 
  many of them were in turkey , greece , slovenia , hungary , etc. 
  were they were safe , i 'm pretty sure . 
  instead , they decided to go further north . 
  what does that tell you ? 
  there are more than a couple who have been found to be guilty of war crimes in their home countries , or who have committed violent or sexual crimes in the country where they seek asylum . 
  these kinds of people ( the criminals ) are not wanted in europe . 
  that 's only rational , now when they have seen the behaviour of the immigrants irl , and not just pictures of crying little children by the media . 
  it would accomplish that the people who do n't know much about ceta ( and ttip ) , would find about it 's ( possible ) flaws . 
  now the leftist papers are against it and right-oriented papers for it , with very few arguments , or at least detailed ones . 
  one should know what these agreements are about before the politicians hurry up and sign . 
  what 's the reason for that in utrecht ? 
  maybe the engineers and scientists in your country are different from mine , otherwise it surprises me a lot . 
  because their politicians have n't yet been shit on enough to block people coming from relatively safe countries . 
   a lot of them will flock to neighbouring countries but danes and finns are evil racists by modern european terms ... 
  we are innovative and good at stupid jokes , so i believe we can make it !, 
  in many european countries , syrians are not very large part of the migrants . 
  if young guys feel like stepping out of mediocre jobs for welfare , the society is fucked . 
  most of the jobs are what i would call mediocre . 
   so , if one takes something like a rural bus service currently run by the local government itself , then if the government decides to outsource that to a private supplier , ceta would mean that it must allow canadian and eu firms to compete for the contract on equal footing thank you for the good comment . 
  i feel like there could be some possible issues , also related to what you wrote in the quote above about local services . 
   finally , through something called a `` ratchet clause '' , current levels of privatisation would be `` locked in '' on any services not specifically exempted . 
  if canadian or eu governments want to bring certain services back into public ownership , they could be breaking the terms of the agreement . 
  while there should be some level of protection for companies interests , this just does n't sound good at all . 
  there might be situations where politards have made a clear mistake , and it should be corrected . 
  unfortunately , the guardian writer was too lazy to go deeper into these questions with examples . 
   we find that both the u.s. and mexico benefit from nafta , with much larger relative benefits for mexico . 
  they must 've explained this further and quantified it ? 
   in oslo and zurich , or in barcelona ? 
  can one really tell , if he has n't lived in those places for a while ? 
  as a finn , i approve this answer .
