  but the germans are happily selling it ? 
  i do n't get this . 
  that 's true , if we europeans just would absolve from our sins , and bow the european institutions in their endless wisdom , everything would be fine . 
  first she made germany great again , only for the last couple of years has she started her virtue signalling years . 
  if middle easteners coming to europe love the freedom and tolerance , why do they keep as their religious leaders guys who keep on preaching for less tolerance and freedom ? 
   but they are only a minimal threat to society when they do n't actually have any power not saying he 's a threat , or not a good guy , but you have a muslim as a mayor of london , right ? 
  and leader of ecr european parliamentary group is a muslim too . 
  again , not saying he is a bad guy , but they seem to have some power . 
  there might be different sets of asylum seekers going to different countries , but the ones we are getting do n't have a great set of skills in general , it seems . 
  many ca n't read in their own language , many do n't have a professional training/education . 
  language is also a problem in shorter and longer term . 
  so large majority of them are competing with the least educated finns , and lose to them , living on welfare . 
  what good does come from that ? 
   the climate is relatively horrible , although not as horrible as in the british isles . 
  i guess this depends on how you weigh minus degrees and slush against rain . 
  ... and it can be expected that they act like germans . 
  but do they ? 
  molenbeek & al tells a different story . 
  i guess so . 
  it was n't a good idea to start co-operation with ms anyway , from nokia 's p.o.w. 
  that 's an option too . 
  some of the source countries are having quite bad time as far as i know . 
  what do you mean by they * had * to ? 
  why would they have been in an obligation to take nokia 's phones over ? 
  they could 've just ended the co-operation agreements . 
  the answer is that we western countries * should be financing those camps * . 
  do you know how much they estimated it to cost to host 11 underaged afganis who got asylum in the municipality nearby ? 
  259 e/day/person . 
  for a year , that 's quite some money . 
  the amounts can be crazy , the politicians likewise . 
  that in order to make social democracy work , you first have to be making loads of money ? 
  well , i 'm not going to argue about german politics , which i know very little about . 
  it just tends to be , that when companies f * ck up , politicians ca n't totally undo the damage , neither can politicians guarantee or increase the companies ' revenue . 
  i must admit that merkel & co probably helped deutsche bank nicely during the financial crisis . 
   it really is on you to show nah , in reality i believe there probably was nothing wrong with the selection of the company . 
  as if you can only use metalworks companies in kajaani and nearby . 
  we have to fight the kepu before it 's too late !, 
  i am surprised to find out that vattenfall is * wholly * state-owned . 
  did not know that ... 
  i doubt that politicians solidified germany 's trade and economic success ( except maybe schr\u00f6der , i hate to say ) . 
  the german companies and general attitudes and culture had more to do with it , i assume . 
   there is n't anything humanitarian about manufacturing a security crisis in europe . 
  i wonder why more regular people do n't discuss this more . 
  the real refugees could be helped outside europe . 
  and pay licence fees , with almost no financial risk for guggenheim . 
  there 's been numerous g-projects that have been ended or cancelled . 
  maybe . 
   living that long with sweden food ? 
  there are people who have lived long with kebab pizza and meat balls , i 'm sure !, 
  eu is like a sneaky date , it 's just looking for situations to go too far , all the time . 
  my ( unpronounced ) claim was that finland is safer for ordinary folks than it 's stats . 
  right . 
  making jokes about and competing with neighbouring countries happens everywhere . 
  most of finnish homicides are commited by alcoholics , inside the group of alcoholics . 
  if you stay out of those , and know when to shut your mouth at street grill 4 am saturday-sunday morning , violence is quite rare . 
  the cops ca n't keep you safe , in finland either . 
  in many remote areas it can take an hour for cops to come . 
  i 'm not for more guns though , but people should have more unarmed self-defence skills , and look after each other . 
  the guy said nonpetty theft and violent crime would be the basis . 
  it 's totally possible to live your life without commiting those . 
  tourists will go away , in time . 
  i do n't know about turkey , but at least stable working population is needed to pay the pensions . 
  it has just been a thing for 1400 years . 
  beat the netherlands , sweden and denmark . 
  feels good . 
  we are also supposed to have a `` eurosceptic '' as foreign minister . 
  i guess a lot depends on where you draw the limits of people 's dignity then . 
  hate speech is starting to be such an empty buzzword . 
  the definition of it is very unclear . 
  the eu claims to be a peace project , but at the moment it 's doing badly in that peace thing . 
  it 's dividing people inside countries and between countries . 
  incentives and sanctions . 
  like if you do n't do some work-related or language courses you get less social benefits etc. 
  if 60 + % do n't integrate , this mess will get unbearable . 
   ruled by ... saunas and pork meat i like this empire . 
   it 's not just gdp per capita no , but i thought that `` most of your life 's savings '' is a little bit too much . 
  i 've been thinking this too , where does the limit between right and far right go ? 
  is it just in journalists heads ? 
   austro-marks in return , which will probably be worth less . 
  how much less ? 
  austria does better per capita than most euro countries . 
  that 's filthy . 
  can sweden recycle our trash too ? 
  `` excuse me , could you just hide your youth bulge ? 
  this is outrageous ! '', 
   the nordic welfare state model is on its death bed . 
  it 's an endangered species because of global competition and aging populations , etc. 
  euro area is not an optimal currency area , let 's face it . 
  i say they crashed because they sold their promises , but support for eu-scepticism , controlled immigration etc is still there . 
  edit . 
  i have hard time believing it 's 50 % though . 
  we have some class a human rights violations lined up , you just wait !, 
   most advantages can be dismissed by saying that they only favor businesses and `` the elite '' , because the link between business doing well and people doing well is n't very obvious to everyone . 
  for example in finland , employment has been on low level the last years , while big business has been making good profit . 
   yes , the wars in iraq , syria , afganistan , etc were wrong , our countries are responsible for the upheaval large part of first world countries were not responsible for these wars , and could n't stop them if they tried . 
   it 's not time for solutions yet , first stage is acknowledging you have a problem theoretically , yes . 
  but when it 's about presidential elections , le pen should line out his proposed solutions . 
  ( if she has n't ), 
  the clintons are pro-money . 
  yeah , i bet there are several american-owned medias in france , with a liberal/left/right / conservative twist .
