   if it 's 30-40-50 % that 's reasonable people have different measures of reasonable . 
  much much lower levels cause people to get concerned . 
  another thing is that the sexual assaults lately happen more outside , just all of a sudden . 
  so it affects the feeling of safety of women more easily . 
  you have to come home from work , hobbies , sometimes late . 
  yeah , i was talking more of a general non-western foreigner , as u/outdoortuna . 
  i 'm also interested . 
  it 's tough to enforce and lecture a whole lifetime of cultural experience and values out of people . 
  i do n't think we ( europeans ) will do well . 
  exactly . 
  if you 're a immigrant mother of 7 , you are probably not looking for a job , so you are not included there . 
   only a federal europe could do that . 
  or some countries together , as a project . 
  i dislike the federalism . 
  do n't you ever use handcuffs when you deport now ? 
  i 'd be surprised . 
  if you 're german , a bit of realpolitik does no harm . 
  i 'm not trying to argue in correct legal terminology . 
  i do n't also go looking up if there is an actual agreement on that a country should take their deported and maybe convicted citizen back . 
  it 's just what civilized countries do . 
  it depends on a country . 
  in finland more than half are ( claim to be ) from iraq , for instance . 
  there are less than 1.000 syrians if i remember correctly . 
  processing asylum seekers and separating rightful ones from the rest is best done outside europe . 
  it 's tougher to deport them if they are inside . 
  if there are better choices than middle east/north africa , great . 
  but they are close . 
  on top of what you say , these states act as rogue states , against written or unwritten rules of international community . 
  also , the likes of finland and sweden are not politically/economically powerful enough by themselves to force them to take back their people . 
  well that 's a different point , and realistic . 
  they should still take back their deported criminals . 
   yes , you could go that route . 
  and what will it solve ? 
  governments there will have even less money it solves the issue that they take back their criminal , and the `` innocent '' country does n't have to bear with him . 
  what is so strange about this ? 
  every self-respecting country , and country respected in international community should do that . 
  there is no reason for sanctions , if they take responsibility . 
  one can carry around a tool that `` i use to fix my car/bike/something at my summer house , and i just forgot it in my pocket '' . 
  besides , so that this goes to court , the other party , a robber , or in the case of women a rapist , has to go to the cops or end up in hospital . 
  you can also easily abuse kitchen knife , baseball bat or an iron bar . 
   the ongoing trial of the former head of helsinki police 's antidrug squad , charged with running a drug cartel of his own . 
  wait now , is n't it better that these things are taken care of by the state officials ? 
  that 's what every good social democracy would do !, 
  the more important part is the * forced * part . 
  we can take some asylum seekers of the batch , as long as in the future there ca n't be forcing based on agreements . 
  the amount would quickly rise when merkel & al try to get off their domestic political hook . 
   if people are given a chance to succeed , just like anywhere else in the world , they will . 
  you 're an idealist . 
  the important part is though , how many of the people have the drive to succeed , and will they succeed sufficiently . 
  also , poles might be conservative in european scale , but in world scale they are almost hippies . 
  it 's not about brown people , essentially . 
  it 's about cultural differencies , skills for eu labour market , social benefits/taxes and safety for eu citizens . 
  if we think about the negatives . 
  in finland alcoholics stabbing alcoholics makes the largest part of finnish homicides . 
  but poles are economic migrants that actually work . 
  with third world immigration it 's a different thing . 
  i understand the wage and employment issues in construction , though ... 
  if russia would collapse , you do n't know who or what kind of person would come to power . 
  often , better the devil you know ... 
  if russia starts just attacking places , why would n't it attack eu countries ? 
  for sure many care . 
  road building is not exactly rocket science . 
  it 's probably just that they won a public tender competition ? 
  thanks !, 
  i know we do this in finland , but some people have claimed that it 's not cheap . 
  probably not , if you do it to 10k people . 
  eastern europe , especially poland , has been great and stronk regarding migration issues . 
  if this blocks the forced relocation , the eu countries might have to think of something with longer lasting effects . 
   what 's the point of building up our nice social capitalist `` utopias '' if we just let someone tear them down ? 
  this is the point that quite a few leftists do n't seem to grasp . 
  tax money is not infinite . 
  plus the reverse racism issue you wrote about . 
  good points . 
  how much does it cost ? 
  good idea , by the way , why not build one camp in western sahara ? 
  give the local `` rulers '' something they want in return , like cash and help . 
  we could also deport moroccan crotch-grabbers there and sneak them back to morocco by night . 
  partly / s , partly not . 
  tampere does n't have a lot of swedish speakers . 
  but the others you mentioned , yes , and also many south coast cities/towns west from helsinki . 
  i do n't think people hate the average swede or russian . 
  not even close . 
  large part of innovation happens in big , old companies , but i agree with you in the sense that entrepreneurship should be backed up more , in many levels . 
   no bombing in the middle east , africa or any where else guys , bombing is big business and geopolitical interests . 
  it 's not going to end soon , if people continue to believe the stuff their politicians and media say . 
  our climate is not really the kind where you live in the streets . 
  you either contribute ( to the society ) , have contributed previously , or gtfo . 
  one of our ministers ( centre-right ) already suggested , that employers should be able to pay * lower than union wages * for people granted asylum . 
  there is one problem also , when they do n't get the kind of job they want , not any kind really , but do n't want to leave the country either . 
  what if you went for the balanced : west sucks , putin sucks !, 
  they are staying quiet , because everyone knows , after seeing videos from last summer , that you have to use some amount of force even to take control of or slow down this migration wave . 
  no ( major ) politician wants to be the one who talked about it first . 
   honestly , i would prefer that the eu just distribute the refugees among the member states . 
  anyone that does n't want to accept their share , should be kicked out , immediately . 
  definite no . 
  instead , eu countries should help greece to guard it 's borders , and plan transferring migrants to an area where they can be interviewed and guarded . 
  rather , outside europe . 
  why the heck should we let this migrant wave just wash over us like it has ? 
  distributing migrants just increases the pull-effect for more migrants . 
  we might as well ask , what was/is the reason finland ca n't get it 's western border in control ?
