  at this point , i think this is unlikely scenario anyway . 
  what about the iraq war , for instance ? 
  did the us politicians learn ? 
  still , how do we know ? 
  did you poll the russians personally ? 
   and show me the union who 'd demand doubling of wages knowing very well that the counterpart ca n't pay that and it would result in a massive loss of jobs . 
  not double , but finnish unions . 
  they keep the wages high , and try to raise them , the rising unemployment does n't matter . 
   but it wo n't be as hard as the hit other countries have to take . 
  how so ? 
   eu has repeatedly blocked proposals regarding stopping tax evasion . 
  did they have any reasonable arguments for the blocking ? 
  great question . 
  agriculture is just one sector , there is plenty of free trade available . 
  and yes , europeans do n't want to run their own agriculture down . 
  i do n't dispute that , but how is it damaging ? 
  are n't you guys quite in the same economic cycle than germany most of the time ? 
  yes , i guess i formulated that badly . 
  there should have been more , when it was possible to have more favorable conditions for taxpayers . 
  the weight of other countries keeps the currency artificially low for germans and some others . 
  germans export a lot outside europe . 
  there should be ( more ) debt relief , but i do n't think it 's going to happen . 
  because the banks would lose , and the politicians/banks ca n't have that . 
  3rd level is far enough . 
  some interested members could go further , if they wish . 
  surprisingly , the angry birds movie was reported to have made 43 million on opening weekend in 70 + countries . 
  it has n't opened in us yet . 
   you can see that in the living hells that scandinavia has created . 
  big bureaucracy wastes money , not many can tell how much exactly . 
   the report assumes that by 2020 55 % of the migrants will be integrated in the job market . 
  that 's a big assumption . 
  what is it based on , i wonder . 
  it sounds like in your system the poor would have limited access to education . 
  that 's a big deal for success of a nation . 
  you know , the talented people are not always born in the wealthy families . 
  i think some finnish gaming company should look into this . 
  we already have the moon nazis , it is just a matter of product development . 
  if the traditional big parties would offer a decent option for the disgruntled people , by tightening immigration policies , there would be less demand for front national & co. 
  good question . 
   probably one of the very few questions that might cause larger disagreement . 
  i assume the architect called his plan `` unique '' . 
   even an army is made of people unless it 's made of robots , mr. connor . 
  yes , no matter how much bickering , europe is still nr . 
   nazis rising are they really ? 
  in nordic discussion , everyone right of center , who wants to limit immigration , is nazi or far right . 
  one could as well say , that renzi is `` against logic , against the future '' , and leave it at that . 
  that 's the level of debate in eu at the moment . 
  working together does n't automatically equal giving eu more power . 
   any european country on its own can refuse ( or even genuinely negotiate ) a trade deal that the us wants them to sign ? 
  there can be exemptions , i believe . 
  like in the refugee treaty . 
  different matter is though , as you said , the politicians of which countries have the balls and smarts to disagree . 
  i seriously suspect my politicians ' ability to be smart here . 
   eu does backroom negotiations , it absolutely does not do backroom deals . 
  governments can do backroom deals because they have the power to push them through in their own state . 
  well , i guess . 
  the eu can exert strong influence on the local politicians , who also might be somewhat stupid or corrupt . 
  then there will be a deal . 
  well that 's one way of defining `` losing sovereignty '' . 
  but you have valid points . 
  and there can be pretty big difference in taking part in a eu-program , and letting other countries representants decide your budget for example . 
  eu absolutely does backroom deals though . 
  there is also the possibility that the countries who want to take the next step , take it by themselves . 
  the two-speed union . 
  or multi-speed . 
  eu with free trade and some co-operation programs , without most of the loss of sovereignty , would be nice . 
  we must embrace globalism , because we will have it anyway . 
  nationalism and protectionism has to die !, 
  he said that the government officials were bribed . 
  if that 's the case , would n't there be a problem of representation regarding the contract ? 
  if you 're bribed to make a contract , is it valid ? 
  i guess it depends on the applicable law too . 
  italians actually have more wealth than germans on average/median . 
  the stats were published in connection to piketty 's book . 
  if you 're measuring wealth , specifically , it might be good to compare median wealth , average wealth , and median wealth not including ( first ) home . 
  taking into account housing bubbles and income inequalities etc. 
  yeah , but you could 've been a shooting guard , or defensive d-man who cleans the crease , if those would be things in holland . 
  there are also crazy stats that claim the dutch have been on top at some point . 
  i do n't buy it though , are they even big mug - drinkers ? 
  it seems that only english and finnish versions mention it . 
  they are often shop-in-shops in gas stations . 
   * by far * the biggest consumers of coffee well , there are various stats of who the biggest coffee drinkers are ... among the usual suspects . 
  the founder is robert paulig . 
  and the other pauligs had a company called paulig already , so ... 
  there are plenty of sibyllas in finland . 
  though , this is probably not supposed to be strictly `` just one nation '' , but a region , maybe ? 
  but if she just wants to tighten border security , and make it sound good for her supporters , let her go for it . 
  i 'm full time european , part time eu guy . 
  juncker is the opposite . 
  the more and bigger the problem there , the more will flock on the european borders . 
  is there a country where politicians are not fucked ? 
   using doctor who and sherlock holmes . 
  also , poirot rises from obscurity . 
  you just press on it until the kid gets edumacated , the family get out of the country , or someone becomes a criminal . 
  man , prisons are costly . 
  unless you outsource to a siberian prison . 
  one thing that contributes is that ( in my mind ) some of the pulp/paper juggernauts have not been the most flexible or superbly innovative companies . 
  i guess they have improved their results lately . 
  and russian trade and paper losing to screen . 
  spain has pretty low numbers , according to that .
