  fans of heavy industry workers rights maybe ? 
  heavy industry is still very important part of success of a nation . 
   do you have some pre-concieved bias there . 
  i might . 
  discussion is always good though . 
   free trade is generally good , but not with tax havens and countries with horrendous labour laws . 
  it 's funny that we have juncker , a chief tax haven officer as one of the heads of eu . 
  not much hope to get things moving to better direction at the moment . 
  do n't lay the blame of the deeds of usa and some large european countries on all european countries . 
   according to figures from the european commission , for the majority of employees the average percentage of tax and other deductions from the basic salary lies in the range of 12 -- 25 % . 
  why does it have to be the nazis or the silly open borders that 's going on now ? 
   a second holocaust it would n't be called that , cause muslims do n't own the hollywood ... / s, 
  the professors of cultural studies in most prestigious french universities . 
  cry in your pillow , if you must , but these people may be helped outside europe too . 
  with less money per person helped . 
  their mindset was n't french though . 
  the politicians took the chances , the voters keep on voting . 
  no matter what . 
   as soon as you say one bad thing about islam people label you a bible thumping christian crusader . 
  racist and nationalist is also a popular thing to be called then . 
  probably not let people get interested in the extent of crime committed by people of non-swedish origin . 
  one thing is that in uk , for example , you have both left-wing biased and right-wing biased newspapers . 
  in sweden and finland , as far as i know , it 's hard to find any right-wing or conservative biased papers . 
   but the eu would not , and that would definitively be a bad thing for ~ ~ the entire continent ~ ~ brussels . 
  or worse at hiding their sluttiness . 
  the white supremacist thing is often emphasized with the alt-right . 
  no matter if that 's true or not . 
  i do n't think white supremacism is a big point with the european right-wing immigration-critical parties . 
   we had been part of society for as long as it have existed and no one has destroyed it so far . 
  you have , as a group , mostly the same lutheran/secular religious upbringing . 
  you have mostly similar goals in life and realistic idea how to get there . 
  your understanding of how to create an effective society is similar to finnish speakers . 
  the language does n't make that much difference , in my mind . 
  you might have some customs that differ from ours , but a lot is similar . 
  what comes to 2015 asylum seekers , they typically come from much more varying circumstances and societal background compared to all finns . 
  ( this from the point of view of a finnish speaker who has lived mostly in bilingual areas . ), 
  with some knowledge of swedish , german and english i could understand a large part of what was said in dutch newspapers . 
  it 's quite close really . 
  i 'm too busy to do more than write few-liners at the moment . 
  check open society foundations , soros , open society institute , and what 's been written about them . 
  filter off the worst conspiracy theories . 
  guy with a federal flag thinks that questioning eu is a sin , almost . 
  well , surprise , surprise . 
  he funds a massive amount of `` open borders '' ngo 's though . 
  you do n't have to be a infowars daily reader to come to that conclusion . 
   the same way we do n't return asylum seekers back to syria , eritrea or iraq we do in iraq though , if iraqi government would take them , or we had the political and military muscle to make them . 
   you ca n't just enter another country 's sovereign territory . 
  maybe we should ask tony blair to consult the eu in this matter . 
   we need to ask how far the human rights of the perpetrator extend , and if they do n't extend , can they be called human rights at all . 
  everyone should get their deeds properly investigated , no witch hunts . 
  but you might also ask , can some perpetrators be called fully human . 
   if one of our people rapes someone , we do n't send them to some place where he 'll be killed and go `` who cares ? 
  '' , we have processes for that in place . 
  because he is in our responsibility . 
  the other guy came here , we gave him asylum , and he destroys peoples lives . 
  why should we still care about him ? 
  after he gets out , he is again preying on women or children here in europe . 
  that should n't be . 
  i did n't see him limit it to iraqis . 
   you will not find a group of people bigger than 5 saying something different on the planet . 
  well , i wo n't be looking for that group , but i doubt that europe is the best place to look for it . 
   feeling of failure to protect their family , rather than individualistic reasons i 'd say these people are more easily left alone or not given enough support around here . 
  i think there 's work to do to improve on this . 
  how about this :  * bacha b\u0101z\u012b * is a slang term in afghanistan for a wide variety of activities involving sexual relations between older men and younger adolscent men , or boys , that sometimes includes child sexual abuse or pederasty . 
  ...  the practice of dancing boys is illegal under afghan law , being `` against both sharia law and the civil code '' , but the laws are seldom enforced against powerful offenders and police have reportedly been complicit in related crimes https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bacha_bazi i know it 's illegal , but still a cultural phenomenon . 
   to make sure that your illogical need of revenge is satisfied , or that the person does not commit such a crime again and that such crimes are committed less in the future ? 
  and why do we have to choose ? 
  in this case , a little time spend in jail definitely wo n't bring closure to the victim , or a feeling of sense of justice to the others . 
  it was n't an appeal , more like a re-trial . 
   eu ... ca n't bully countries what about hungary , greece , poland ? 
  eu at least tries to bully , occasionally . 
  the logic is strong there . 
   because closing immigration from morocco will not reduce the number of moroccans . 
  it reduces the amount of moroccans there will be in the netherlands in the future . 
  i do n't know what he meant though . 
  one can also deport criminals who are not citizens . 
  as many say : `` i do n't have to debate with racists ! '', 
  and that 's it , what comes to debate . 
  why fbi , and not some typically internationally operating intelligence agency ? 
   how the exchange rate and thus the interest rate can not be naturally stabilized in case of an asymmetric shock . 
  yep . 
  several countries have had it worse than they had to because of euro . 
  really ? 
  because in some countries the crime rate is significantly higher . 
  concerning violent crime , and for example not including traffic crimes . 
  i do n't * know * , but usa is the biggest trading partner there is , nato-leader and has more to offer in bank and corporate directorships , for instance . 
  they have better offers to intice our politicians . 
  i do n't think mexicans manage to force their standards on europe in the negotiations , unlike usa , for example . 
  it 's not really `` you '' , assuming you 're a random american . 
  it 's rather some powerful corporations , military-industrial complex and some politicians that people might be concerned of . 
   plans to adjust its investments so it 's no longer underweight the u.s. looks like quite ordinary move . 
  but if bloomberg thinks it 's good piece of news then go ahead ... 
  `` to defeat what people want , europe must offer a vision that is not quite what people want , but somewhat to that direction '', 
  they made a movie about indy fighting guys led by a vegetarian and art school dropout !, 
  you just give douze points to ireland , sweden or the annual tranny . 
  build a tunnel and make germans pay for it ? 
   and last , there still is no direct way for american or european entities to invest into or buy chinese companies . 
  so there still is an asymmetry despite china having indisputably become an economic superpower . 
  yes , i think eu and the european states might want to think about this a little bit more thoroughly . 
   the us treasury said a high-level review chaired by obama found a national security risk in the deal , which could place sensitive technology with potential military applications in chinese hands .
