  to fight boredom . 
  well , i should 've explained more . 
  to me `` the same rights '' means that we also have to pay the same level of social benefits than to for example nokia engineer who just got unemployed . 
  it 's relatively high amount compared to what asylum seekers would get in their countries . 
  there should be differencies based on who is a citizen and who is not , mainly . 
   after they receive all the investment and attention and education you received , you can start complaining . 
  i have seen many refugees/asylum seekers receive the same education ( until university/fachhochschule , where they could n't get in ) and get a lot of support . 
  for very many of them , it did n't go well . 
   really is some nazi-level shit . 
  i should have explained more , but come on now . 
  if you try to scare people out of discussion , there will be no answers . 
   100 % are human beings and should all have * the same rights * and opportunities as all other human beings on the planet . 
  they should n't , because our societies were build for people who play along and do their part for the best of their ability . 
  that has n't been confirmed for large part of the asylum seekers . 
  we ca n't solve all other people 's problems . 
  we can deal with them from our point of view . 
  based on what agreement/law ? 
   trump logic we should build a wall that is floating around greece islands !, 
  we 'll make turkey pay for it . 
  some might say , that money given to newest eu countries should help to build up their industries , and create more people and companies with purchasing power . 
  that should enhance exports and trade in general of the older eu states . 
  i do n't know how large the effect really is , but it 's a thought . 
   muslim youth males who are literally the victim of institutional and systematic racism . 
  are you kidding here ? 
  young muslims have pretty much the same chances and resources to get ahead in life than many of the locals , and other large , but culturally different immigrant groups . 
  this victim - politics should stop ... 
   instead of blowing hot air they should be using their resources to make these people actually integrate . 
  you 're right , and showing them in which direction the western values are is one way of trying to do that . 
  i think that a goal of crime prevention/reduction after the sentence and punishing the criminal can co-exist . 
  and do co-exist already . 
  this is interesting topic , but unfortunately i 'm out of time to write more now . 
  but they would find you * somewhere * to sleep , would n't they ? 
  i mean , is n't that one thing that they are for , helping their citizens in trouble ? 
  well , rape is n't a foreigner thing , but gang rape almost exclusively is . 
  i do n't expect it to be different in germany . 
   this is simply just revenge and has nothing to do with justice . 
  revenge is part of a sense of justice for many people . 
  a person punished for what he did contains an element of revenge . 
   its not like a larger fine or a little longer in prison will change anything . 
  for some people , getting an actual prison sentence , and not conditional sentence , might do something . 
  they might actually feel punished , and the public might feel like justice has been served . 
  or that you would get consequences for not paying the fine , in some cases . 
  this was scorched earth environmentalism . 
  unless you go to private school , going to primary school is communism then also . 
  going to public kindergarten is communism . 
  depends on if it 's life threatening/urgent or not . 
  in public sector it would take months in most regions if it 's something non-urgent . 
  in private practice it could be 4 days , but cost a lot more . 
  some of those costs would typically be covered by health insurance , but it 's tough for me to put a number on it . 
  thanks . 
  it 's not easy to compare living standards , because systems are different . 
  basic health insurance is taxed as a percentage of salary here , and you guys pay for a private insurance . 
  a surgery gig on the public sector would cost 250 + $ on top of that , depending on how long the person spends in the hospital/what kind of operation it is etc. 
  just a couple of comments :  removes incentives to work and improve your own situation ( i.e. 
  social mobility ) if you 're a salary worker , yes i guess , but if you found a relatively succesful company , getting wealthy is not that rare . 
   minimizes innovation and entrepreneurship by overregulation and crowding out of private initiative welfare state does not equal overregulation . 
  there can be overregulation in all kinds of economic models . 
   lowers quality of public services by monopolising and instituting a regime of top down centralised management ( which is the only way a centralised government can rule ) in sectors such as schools , hospitals or nursing homes many sectors , like health and elderly care are a mix of public and private institutions . 
  the basic idea sounds about right . 
  i 'd like to see though how they define living standards . 
  how much do they pay for health insurance in us ? 
  how much does a surgery + a couple of hospital days cost ? 
  what about kindergarten ? 
  and so on ... 
  it 's the secret ingredient . 
  unique is a good word . 
  a beautiful and storied place . 
  it 's good to go when it does n't smell that much though . 
  all right , sad to hear that . 
  because if he is elected president , he will poison the minds of the european youth with his misogyny and racism . 
  name checks out ... 
   reform what currently stands as one of the worst educational systems in the developed world . 
  this sounds quite a strong statement , why do you think this way ? 
  ( i do n't know much about swedish ed . 
  system ), 
   chernobyl and fukushima , so nuclear is bad and germany does n't have the sensitivity for earthquakes that fukushima has , nor the incompetence that politically hired soviets did occasionally have . 
  i 'd say she was also protecting central european banking interests ... which is not that admirable either . 
  you do n't know the greatness of vodka and probably back off like a sissy in knife fights . 
  i would n't raise the flag quite yet . 
  pekka can not into alpine skiing , mountain would be good ... 
  a day old ? 
  horrible . 
  and there 's always a danger that in the interwebs you may hear opinions different from your own . 
  well , when you find out how to get afganistan , irak and somalia to take back the ones who do n't want to go back , give us a call . 
   i did n't know that eu membership was about doing the dirty work in exchange of money that 's the very essence of it . 
   regarding both politicians and countries ... 
  the burka is a symbol that we accept what the husbands do . 
  it 's a start to ban it . 
  why do you think it does n't make sense economically ? 
  it 's not like indian , chinese and american engineers & such would be stopped at the borders . 
   no government has the balls ( for lack of a better word ) to even suggest that they return where they 'll fit in better not now , it 'll take some time . 
  it needed some momentum to get over the media blackwashing . 
  europe has at least slowed down on the death , destruction , rape and pillaging front through the last 65 + years , a couple of generations . 
  us might have picked up the slack . 
   all those countries waiting in line to join the euro are a sure sign that it is a failed concept . 
  if it would be a great concept , sweden , denmark , czechia , poland etc. 
  surely would have joined already . 
  well , i 'm not sure which one i trust more/less , government or any charity . 
  charities waste money too . 
  but i guess there may bealternatives , like private health insurances , where you could pay in when you have money .
