no eu trade agreement will ever lower our level of protection of consumers , or food safety , or of the environment . 
  that 's quite a promise . 
   these ` poor people ' were forced to pay for the hospitality of the danish government were they ? 
  i remember that they would get their money back with some conditions ? 
  why does n't germany keep all of the migrants , since it 's you who want them ? 
  us others could help them in refugee camps . 
  it 's not about 500 people . 
  it 's more about giving the power to allocate migrants to commission . 
  when you give it , it 's very difficult to get it back . 
   and you are actually helping people in need give me a break . 
  what % of the iraqis and afganis do you think are really in need ? 
  like they are persecuted and could n't live a normal life in their country ? 
  in some other countries , whose banks were not bailed out , it was n't well known , until much later . 
  the banks should have given up something for the tax payers , like shares in the banks . 
  or something else . 
  but what did they give in response for a very large bailout ? 
  they do n't represent the european tax payer , it seems . 
  why do they wonder if denmark * specifically * sucks ? 
  they ai n't bad . 
  some software company should take this kid under their wing . 
  come on guys , give humor credit to germans when it 's due . 
  r/europe is too small for former empires / s, 
  i do n't remember that discussion . 
  i was under 20 . 
  what comes to your other points , the immigration of the current kind is against interests of many european countries . 
  in fact it is hard to come by countries that benefit from it , as is . 
  but a bit of a dick . 
  you 're partly right , but if there would n't be that many mena-immigrants , we would n't have to cut as much right now . 
  it feels insanity . 
  i do n't know if the current politicians are willing or able to do that . 
  at least in finland . 
  quite a few people do n't want riots in their countries . 
  the asylum seekers should be processed somewhere outside europe . 
  some unelected dimwit or idealist , who does n't care about our budgets or taxes . 
  it 's a huuuuuge show , with drama , comedy and cringe comedy . 
  so just like european elections , the show 's just bigger and more dramatic . 
  there are a lot of good points in what you say . 
  there should be a better concept of what should be done in eu level , and how it could be done fairly and effectively . 
  the hypocrite part has been true for a big part of eu politicians , in various countries . 
  but this kind of dumb ideas can mould eu more back towards the free trade area . 
  right , most people wanted to join the free trade area . 
  this crisis and some other problems were not in people 's radar in any way . 
   35 % of imigrants living in sweden longer then 15 years have job when reading this kind of stats , it 's important to notice if all immigrants are counted . 
  the employment is much higher for immigrants from neighbouring countries , for instance . 
  so how low is the employment level for mena immigrants , where the immigrants are coming at the moment ? 
   then send them home once things are ok finland has trouble sending back even convicted people who have got deportation order . 
  imagine going through this for 20 000 people , for instance . 
  with this mess , almost nothing seems to be easy . 
  important question is , do they still have 6 kids each ? 
  i 've been told that the average numbers have gone down , but i 'm too lazy to go find european stats . 
  you want to pay those future checks ? 
  we have quite large budget deficit this year , too . 
  what part of finnish welfare do you want to cut for the immigrants , who are not paying for themselves quickly ? 
  `` reputation of our country '' , oh come on . 
   several groups of iraqis took the first plane to baghdad . 
  that makes one quite a bit more doubtful of the dire situation that the asylum seekers have in their countries . 
  police special force unit should raid yle premises . 
  could be entertaining if they 'd send live feed of it . 
  the end sum is probably very hard to assess . 
  my god , it 's devil 's work !, 
  i guess for some governments they are migrant workers , masked as refugees . 
  because kosher-rules are not `` european values '' , the kosher eaters can demand food companies to mark kosher food . 
  many large factories do run at night . 
  they are big energy users . 
   electrolysis + sabatier reaction to create methane , we can use all the excess electricity to convert co2 from the air to methane and pump it into the natural gas network . 
  i guess so , but the yields and costs are not at satisfactory level quite yet ? 
  i 'll have a look , thanks . 
  if all of the adults in your hometown are responsible , i congratulate you folks . 
  in mine , there are certainly some unstable individuals , and hopefully they do n't have a handgun . 
  hunters have hunting rifles , i assume , which are more difficult to carry around . 
  but it 's a cultural issue with the mass shootings , in my mind . 
  some 3 letter agency just collects all toddlers to a state institution . 
  i think trump loves the company of trump . 
  it might sound conspiratorial , but people and companies typically do things that enhance their careers and bring them money . 
  and if they get caught in criminal or fraudulent activities , like some banks and credit raters , they get a slap on the wrist and the individuals keep their bonuses . 
  i 'm pretty cynical about politicians and big business , i admit . 
  it 's their job to prove the consumers ' worries wrong . 
   often gmo products are chemically indistinguishable from non-gmo . 
  but sometimes they are . 
  and quite a few people would at least want to know , when the products are genetically modified . 
  when the contractors are paid , possibly a lot , it tends to affect their independence . 
  they want to get paid again , right ? 
   it should stay at levels where it can be repaid and where the interest does not eat you up well , when does a country reach this point ? 
  some countries are quite in debt . 
   progressive vikings this is the next tv-hit , after `` the vikings '' . 
  the unions and the government are not doing the addressing very well . 
  well , the swedish journalists might write what they like , as long as it 's accepted by their employer , bonnier . 
  ( well , only half of them really ), 
  if you 're a guy processing migrants , and you have to do hundreds of decisions , how do you make sure who is economic migrant and who is not ? 
  many of the economic ones are being prepped by smugglers to tell believable stories . 
  yours did , but mine maybe did n't . 
  many european politicians , important ones too , have complained about returning the boats . 
  i want to see people returned too , but it just does n't seem to be happening . 
  we could think that there is one tier of human rights , the inalienable ones , and then other tiers . 
  so that we do n't have to eat the whole thing that the old farts cooked up decades ago . 
  the immigrants often vote for leftist parties , which her party is not . 
  but it 's a thought that now they might think of the party as a `` saviour '' . 
  so maybe it was something more than a good luck emblem for him ? 
  anyway , swastika is an old symbol , used in some societies still . 
  we should get together , and use the trading as a bargaining chip for them to take illegals back .
