  in totally privatized healthcare , how are the poorest going to pay for healthcare ? 
  and everyone involved should therefore be pimp slapped , hard . 
  i 'm surprised this kind of guy does n't get in bigger trouble . 
  and the same goes for other big corporations . 
   budweiser i still think the american beer first , and then cringe to myself . 
  great customer orientation !, 
  most , if not all , companies want to hire the most qualified candidate they can find . 
  in some fields , like mechanical engineering , women can make less than 10 % of accepted applicants in a technical university . 
  how likely is it that 30 % of managers of succesful mechanical engineering company will be women ? 
   but crafted such that the core industries of the biggest members ( and the uk ) wo n't take too much of a hit . 
  ... and the smaller members will just love agreements where their core industries are forgotten or take a hit to protect industries of the biggest members . 
  i do n't think finns want to leave , but many do n't want further integration . 
  i do n't think eu is that european peace project of all peace projects some make it out to be . 
   i 'd say there 's a pretty clear majority that 's for free trade with the us . 
  no doubt , but saying that is just one point of view of what ttip tries to achieve . 
   they made fake emergency calls to the police and threw rocks from rooftops when they arrived . 
  who are these people actually ? 
  is it just hans and g\u00fcnther with some tattoos ? 
  do what sweden did in the beginning of the 90 's with their banks . 
  there is big variance in riskiness of loans . 
  maybe some banks just are not very good in evaluating the loan risk ? 
  or analyzing the economic climate ? 
  or even care that much , as long as the executive gets his bonuses ... one thing is for sure , when shtf , almost all banks say that nobody could have seen it coming ... 
  i agree banking must become boring again , but why nationalise and break them up only when in fiscal union ? 
  and also , i do n't see the reason to nationalise before break-up . 
  just to troll everyone . 
  `` there are asymmetric funds operating at least in * finland * , great britain , the netherlands and poland . 
  [ 4 ] '' - from wiki . 
  as a word this is a new one for me . 
  i think there could be more start-up co-operation between nordic countries , for reasons you stated . 
  and it would be good if the companies would eventually be bought by nordic companies too . 
   i am sure you are aware of britain and america 's role in destabilizing parts of the middle east . 
  us westerners have somewhat of an obligation to help build it back up . 
  only those who took part in the destabilization process have the obligation . 
  others might help as much as they want . 
  what comes to spreading liberal values - it might be that there are lots of countries who do n't actually want values as liberal as europeans do . 
  indeed . 
  one of the big questions in eu is that monetary union is a torso without fiscal unification . 
  on the other hand , many eu citizens and politicians do n't want fiscal union . 
  it will soon be shit or get out of the pot - time . 
  there are a lot of people in finland too who do n't like federalization . 
  a two-speed `` union '' might be one alternative . 
  a federal state and a free trade area with some other common policies . 
  the end result , and maybe the objective , of both goldman `` capitalism '' and communism is oligarchy . 
  it 's in the modern meaning of `` racist '' . 
  discrimination based on race , ethnicity , religion , etc , etc. 
   the lisbon treaty in particular was a major step forward . 
  in some ways maybe , but which ? 
  could you be more specific ? 
  what have le pen and trump said about increasing state power ? 
  or do you mean that they want more authoritarian state ? 
  i doubt their only function is decoration . 
  tall towers mark the cityscape . 
   a broke and hurting russia is much more unpredictable . 
  exactly . 
  who knows what some generals and politicians with hurt egos and wallets get in their heads ? 
  there might be more pressure towards federation in a year or two . 
  there was that 5 presidents report from eu etc. 
  but i agree with you , now is not a time to vote . 
  plus the folks would not vote for fixit anyway . 
  people are not annoyed enough ( yet ) , and the consequences of exit are too uncertain . 
  so did we , but i believe european court of human rights disallowed it , and our politicians went with that . 
  if you have immigrants that actually get jobs , then you do n't really have that much to worry about . 
   i bet he 's the reason canada fell to second place anyway . 
  it could also be justin bieber and celine dion . 
  canada would have been adding points just by subtracting . 
   is it not smarter ( cheaper ) to join the euro ? 
  you can break the peg when the situation calls for it , i guess ? 
  the euro is more like hotel california ; you can check in any time you like , but you can never leave . 
   we eliminated income tax for software developers to encourage them to remain here . 
  could you now present guccifer3 to spill out all the rest of the beans ? 
  i can see the difference compared to finland 's 20 % ( if i remember it right ) . 
  also , ireland as an english speaking country is probably easy to settle for american companies . 
   i say that any attempt at overthrowing a capitalist society is both commendable and justified . 
  there are various kinds of capitalist societies . 
  some distribute the capitalist profits more evenly than others . 
  some are very cut-throat . 
  so how low is it actually ? 
  euro does n't seem to hinder economy when everything is going well . 
  but look at our recovery after 2007 ... which for sure has been bad * also * for other reasons than currency . 
  it 's sad to see that finland and denmark still have n't properly bounced back from 2007 . 
  finland and sweden had pretty bad banking crises in the beginning of 90 's , so we `` got '' to start from a lower level for the purposes of this study . 
  finland needs life without parole - sentences . 
  there are a lot of people born outside europe . 
  and some resources like rare earth metals , that are needed for electronics , for instance , are being used in faster and faster rate . 
  also water gets more scarce all the time , in areas were it 's really needed . 
  that 's true . 
  my intended point was more about the taxes . 
  lanquage , ethnicity and culture would be a good starting point . 
  but i was thinking more in the direction that there already are a lot of nation states . 
  i do n't see the issue with most of them ? 
  then again , i can see the point when you take russia - crimea example forth . 
  well , if country 's fun and joy / burden - ratio improves , why would they not vote leave ? 
   certainly has no place in a globally , interconnected world . 
  what makes you say so ? 
  global co-operation and trade does n't mean that you want to be ruled by an international or rather supranational organ . 
  there are several ways the international relations may be arranged . 
  yes , we are talking about things that happened generations ago . 
  gdp per capita is the more important number . 
  also stalin , so you have to be pretty arrogant and cunt to outcunt them .
