  do you have to learn german or french ? 
  is it based on which state one lives ? 
  i 'm just curious because you have interesting language mixture in your country . 
  it can help also if you want to sell something in sweden . 
  then the swedish has to be good though . 
  i like the germans , do n't like their government/merkel much . 
  yes , in the 90 's there was mostly debate about trade aspects . 
  it was very hard to know what kind of things you would have to swallow with the free trade area . 
  ( financial crisis decisions , migration now , silly laws , federalism etc. ), 
  if estonia does n't implement this , it 's hard to see how they can into nordic !, 
  ( i would also post some polandball - strip , but they might be interpreted as homophobic ), 
   tax to cover cost will impose an extra burden on the countries that the refugees will go to instead . 
  let 's just blame switzerland and denmark loudly , and hope that they go back to softer approach !, 
  i could n't tell , and i wanted to be sure to include the stieg . 
   to him , our right wing parties are `` strongly leaning left '' , and our media is `` extremist left '' . 
   i think you might be exaggerating a bit here , but i get the gist . 
  i do n't know the concept ( ultra ) progressive that well really . 
  and i do n't claim that finnish and swedish media are the same or even very close . 
  sounds like it 's going to take some time before we have europe-wide solutions to this migration wave ... 
  this is why european borders should be controlled much more strictly , by money/resources given by all schengen countries . 
  the southern/eastern european countries are right to say that the costs and burdens of border control should be more evenly divided . 
  royal rumble 2016 . 
  finnish media leans left , by stats and eye-test . 
  hard to say about the others . 
   where would all those people who were not lucky enough to fit in quotas go ? 
  they would go to / stay in countries near the crisis area ? 
  or in quite a few cases , to another , more stable part of their country . 
  edit . 
  or as the australians do it , to some third country outside europe . 
  funny thing that stieg larsson himself was a reporter for a very leftist paper . 
  hmmm , so if one wants to raise really well-behaving kids , maybe use really edgy clothes and smoke pot in the backyard ... 
   mostly bored 60 + yo ladies hey , i 've had these people talk to me while waiting a bus , too !, 
  i learned and took more distance ... 
   i fail to see why the eu leaders want this partn\u0435rship with the ar\u0430bs so much . 
  it might be the european oil companies , who want it . 
  they get the cheapest oil from arab countries , and profit . 
  the oil companies influence the leaders , in various ways i 'm sure . 
  yeah , i should 've been clearer , i just meant to comment the viking part . 
  what i meant is that those paragraphs of that declaration were written ~ half a century ago . 
  should it still be valid for today 's situation , or should it be written or interpreted differently ? 
  i mean , ** some ** of the migrants coming to europe are just using our hospitality and those human rights agreements . 
  it feels like a massive waste to give housing & food to the economic tourists . 
  they can send their cv by e-mail , or visit the company 's stable local office . 
  huge part of the human rights defined in int . 
  agreements are self-evident , for sure . 
  but is this too , regardless of the situation ? 
  where does the universality come from ? 
  vienna 's center and the palaces look great , ski resorts , salzburg should also be great looking place . 
  classical music , the new year concert ( s ) . 
  freud . 
  the austrians i knew were smart and had a good sense of humor . 
  they are supposed to be quite conservative . 
  they are more culturally oriented germans , 
  in finland , quite a few leftists support palestinian cause , it 's been a `` fashionable '' thing to rally for . 
  could be the same in sweden . 
  wallstr\u00f6m is a social democrat . 
  we do n't really even disagree . 
  you say above , that we should have agreements with morocco , turkey etc. 
  and control borders better . 
  sounds as good as i can think . 
  at the moment . 
  now wait , as much as i know , we were n't vikings ( or most of finns were n't ) , so i do n't think that 's our `` sin '' . 
  i 'm not sure if this is a jokey wwii reference or not , but yes , why not ? 
  they have such in turkey , jordan/lebanon , do n't they ? 
  the point is , that they are in europe or somewhere else . 
  it 's more expensive to host them in europe . 
  oh man , now you showed your cards . 
  one should always have - ( e ) xit card up your sleeve . 
  maybe it could be somewhere in africa , where the immigrants are taken ? 
  set some kind of camp there . 
  better for migrants , i 'm sure . 
  for eu countries , i would n't say . 
  the extent of right to asylum should be rethought and rewritten . 
  this mess just does n't work . 
  frontex should get more money and powers to work in southern europe . 
  joining and being in the eu * should be and feel like * a privilege . 
  thankfully , the forest companies have started and lately , been able to somewhat diversify away from paper production . 
  but yeah , we have problems . 
  denmark indeed is one of the most equal countries , at least measured by gini . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_income_equality nordic countries are doing decently in this sense . 
  still , the factory owner always `` lived in a mansion '' , and the cleaning lady did n't . 
  how far towards equality do we even need to go , so that there are still good incentives ? 
  deportation of migrants can be tough , because if there 's no passport , the claimed country of origin does n't always take them back . 
  also , in many cases they are not willing to take them back anyway . 
  i might be wrong , but greeks did n't want `` eu coast guard '' on their waters ? 
  it 's not like it 's not proposed . 
   thanks to the eu , the situation in europe is not just peaceful , but extremely peaceful is this really thanks to eu ? 
  what does eu do to eg . 
  franco-german relationship that enhances the peace between them ? 
  except the nuke thing ... 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  the most important will be , what the large eu countries do . 
  our politicians will do what germany does , unless it 's something totally outrageous . 
  and even now , we are being hit by russia sanctions all the time . 
  but , i actually want to see what happens if brits exit . 
  it would be an interesting precedence to other eu countries . 
   `` for many mainland europeans the eu offers the promise of freedom from the threat of nationalism '' that made me chuckle . 
  eu should be more efficient in running the things that are naturally run better by eu , and stay the f * ck out of member states ' business otherwise . 
  could this be a region/profession/social group thing ? 
  some of the countries , like iraq and i think afganistan , decline to take back some , or many , of the people that smaller western countries have decided to deport .
