  maybe finns are this left wing , i do n't know . 
  the governments are voted in to do other stuff , then they transfer powers to the eu on the side . 
  i do n't know what kind of person/party i have to vote next time so that they do n't cave in to the eu staff . 
  you can keep your red pants , we are alright being more rational . 
  they will never be send the memo , because we need that oil !, 
  it 's a phase , like being very liberal when you 're young . 
  if the common currency suits well belgium , the netherlands , germany etc. , you can keep it . 
  it does n't suit as well countries which are in different economic cycle , or their systems are different ; regarding labour rules , for example . 
  or : perkele , no !, 
  euro has been a drag for a lot of countries . 
  the euro will end at some point , perhaps not long from now . 
  open borders and welfare state do n't go together well , in the long term . 
  if immigration policy and foreign policy are common , it 's probably tougher to control the countries ' own borders . 
  if you try to hit and you do n't , you are just incompetent , and a safety risk for your colleagues . 
  plus your discussion style is bs . 
  good day . 
  well , they could as well say that they were warning shots then . 
  they must be totally detached from their surroundings . 
  and probably have nothing to lose ( no job , previous verdicts ) . 
  it does n't even come to my mind , if some guy from the `` hood '' is arrested -  i go trashing the shop of that guy next street . 
  hmmm ... if cops * try * to wound , they should at least hit something . 
  i might sound callous , but they are trained to shoot and follow orders , are n't they ? 
  i think nationalist - globalist and liberal - conservative are more suitable political spectrums nowadays . 
  it 's the current year !, 
  i think he 's a jackass , based on your nick i just thought you would enjoy his federalist stance . 
  i 'm just saying what i heard , i might be wrong too . 
  i think some are more honest than others . 
  but he is an eurofederalist , so you 've got at least something to cheer for . 
  yes , but it 's not fun for tax-payers . 
  honest presidents are like unicorns , seen as often . 
  they rolled in their graves . 
  not sure if trolling or what , but if anyone starved anyone in leningrad , it was the germans . 
  finns stayed out of it , afaik . 
  they just make furniture and clothes nowadays . 
  they are a post-math society . 
  the brits may be able to testify that you can build an empire on sarcasm . 
  it has started from some dutch comedy show . 
  finland and the netherlands are often close ( meaning finland juuust wins ! ), 
  in this kind of rankings . 
  mona sahlin giving you all a bad name , maybe ... 
  eu would probably discuss what to do for at least a year ( like with the refugee wave ) and then decide to set up an embassy to russian state of finland . 
   but just look at 2nd generation immigrants , or 3rd and so on . 
  they 're , most of the time , integrated and continue with education and great tings . 
  have you seen danish document `` sharia in denmark '' ( or something like that ) ? 
  i recommend it . 
  makes one think about the integration prospects . 
  you started from a rather low level of debt to gdp . 
  your politicians can keep borrowing for some time ( like ours ) . 
   about 7 years to get to 60 % of employment rate for refugees this seems rather high . 
  are you sure it 's not all kinds of immigrants , not just refugees ? 
   everything is just as awesome as ever . 
  yeah , just keep telling this to us from your penthouse in danderyd !, 
  the guy is roaring like a lyon , for no reason . 
   could not buy them legally because of the implied socialism and homosexuality of the main characters are you serious ? 
   racist logic not sure if serious . 
   the `` corrections '' i 've seen did n't hit the spot really . 
  they were quite the typical twisting of words to suit them - act of swedish ( and finnish ) media . 
  you must build a wall . 
  i see finns and norwegians queing to buy beer from czechia . 
  ( because also in that universe the prices would be the same , of some reason ) also , south european hockey league . 
  gdp in the graph is in dollars , and euro devaluated quite a bit last year . 
  as i said , i do n't know . 
   finns found a way to exploit our huge reserves of snobbery i do n't see it like that . 
  it 's just natural you want the * silkiest and smoothest * paper for your * noble * cheeks !, 
  who would n't ? 
  i do also think that `` no go zone '' is ( very likely ) used a little bit too easily . 
   what does the racial crime data collected by the fbi prove or do to assist the institutions ? 
  i do n't know , but i would n't think of foreigner/local crime data as * racial * , but cultural crime data . 
  you might wonder , why do n't they collect it ? 
  this springare guy is a senior police officer , why would he lie ( about his city ) , when he knows what kind of shitstorm he gets into ? 
   in london too where me a small sized finnish girl feels totally safe walking around in . 
  by day or late in the evening ? 
  can make a big difference . 
  the police chief is an ex-politician , no ? 
  and if they admit something negative about immigration policy , it does n't look good for his party and him ? 
  edit . 
  actually , i mistook this guy for another . 
  i do n't know if he has any political background . 
  it 's a slippery slope . 
  first he buys fish , next he is buying smoothies , then he converts to finnism . 
  what makes you think there is some kind of everyday * fear * ? 
  if you want peace , prepare for war , of course , but people do n't think that russia is attacking tomorrow . 
  i wonder , what would it take for them to consider a terrorist attack religiously motivated ? 
   three officers are being charged with battery and one with rape - an appropriate and just response . 
  if that 's the situation , i do n't know what else the rioters want to happen , in civilized society . 
   more than 100 no-go zones for the police do you have a link for this ? 
  i 've heard lower figures so far . 
  ( danish is allright too , i understand most of it ), 
   would iran risk making sweden their enemy over some headscarves ? 
  why would n't they ? 
   require more new people to come and run their businesses ` cos scandinavian companies do so badly ... or do they ? 
  they are a union for staying powerful , and not much else . 
  your unions at least have some sense , based on what i 've read . 
  and juncker already is an unabashed eu-phile . 
  what good has mogherini done ? 
  you 've got jersey shore , mobsters and atlantic city . 
  how bad can it be ? 
  i think we should definitely set up a serious european mobile phone brand !, 
  ... again . 
  why did they make it frog and green then ?
