   journalists having their own views and biases . 
  that 's true too , definately . 
  you present 50 + % of voters as if they have absolutely no clue . 
  i do n't believe that 's how it is . 
   mainstream media is mainstream because it 's the most reliable while i agree that most blatant lies can be found in alternative media sites , the mainstream media has it 's agendas . 
  what is talked about and how . 
  most owners of msm are part of economic elite , and that affects their agendas . 
   romania has great engineers and hopefully a bright future . 
  most crucial part is to start founding their own companies and exporting . 
  if you mean sarkozy , he has been for limiting immigration in his later speeches . 
  i do n't have the links at hand though . 
  `` two-speed '' might sound nicer to eurocrat comrades . 
  did he recommend throwing molotov cocktails ? 
   process their rejection and kick them out is a reasonable action plan . 
  and in case of strong and stupid unions and relatively high salaries , plus fixed currency , you will slowly bleed employment to lower cost countries ... 
   if you open it up for severe crimes , despite all constitutional and human rights concerns , people will very quickly demand to deport refugees for lesser crimes . 
  you are saying this like it 's something horrible . 
  there is a bunch of immigrants in jails that absolutely should be deported , even if they had to run for their lives occasionally in the other end . 
  how stupid and uncontrolled you have to be anyway to commit serious crimes if you honestly run for your life ? 
  there was some kind of deportation agreement made between eu and afganistan , just a few months ago . 
  the process was lead by germany , i believe . 
  that 's how it should be done . 
  i do n't know how cooperative libya is though . 
  ( where the euro-immigrants are coming ), 
  the insurance might not cover . 
  the source of his patience , maybe . 
  i think us starting school the year we are 7 sends us down in this index . 
  and just when i thought i was out , they pulled me back in, 
  some claim that the venetian top families moved large parts of their wealth to amsterdam , when venice started to lose it 's power . 
  they could also change their name to `` doctors with borders '' . 
   ` asian ' generally only refers to indian or pakistani . 
  i thought this is an anglo-american thing ? 
  when you do n't have time to think , the winter goes past in a hurry !, 
  own food production , some of it , is pretty important also in case of some kind of crisis , or conflict . 
    government use my tax money to pay for illiterate immigrants  somebody needs to pay your pension when you 're an old fart and there 's no magical vault where all your contributions where kept apart and are just waiting for you to collect . 
  it 's very debatable if illiterate immigrants ever get to the position where they become tax * payers * . 
   rt is 100 % russian propaganda . 
  sometimes they report things that are good to know , because they also suit kremlin agendas . 
  of course one should expect bias then also . 
  and how would some outer party inspect that ? 
  if a group of nordic reporters say : `` no , we do n't self censor , the environment is fine ! '', 
  how would they know if that 's true ? 
  no , you just squeeze them a little bit more . 
  the steel company ex-workers go to government tit , and you raise prices , maybe after a year or two 5 % , then when they are used to it , maybe 5-10 % more , and so on . 
  do you really think that juncker is going to change it ? 
  well , their position is a little bit different , but amazon can `` subsidise '' it 's prices for a long time . 
  a relatively wealthy nation can do that for even longer time . 
  but you have a good point . 
  as long as he drinks coffee , yeah . 
  let 's put it this way . 
  if all competition would be bankrupt/out of business , would amazon keep the prices as cheap as they are ? 
  so they can sell their own products instead , in higher prices ? 
  lots of european industries use processed steel . 
  exactly , it 's not fair competition on their part . 
  `` europe '' can be based on co-operative organizations , but eu is a power structure , a hierarchical one . 
   i have a frank temper i 'm frank in tallinn and earnest in stockholm . 
  that works nicely , for a while . 
  we can vote , but as one statesperson said : `` what difference does it make ?! '', 
   sharing knowledge and expertise , ... tackling problems that can only be approached at sufficient scale and so forth . 
  that 's true . 
   faster and more capable organisation , very debatable . 
  and specifically , what does it do , if they can make fast decisions that are shitty for the finnish province ? 
  and i have hard time coming up with evidence of fast decision-making . 
  and the rest is jingle bells and shopping frenzy . 
  there 's quite a lot in biology , chemistry and medicine . 
  at least in finland . 
  there 's some kind of trend in those fields , i believe . 
  they should mention it on the package though . 
  english could only be used between union officials . 
  english is already the working language in some nordic companies , e.g. 
  storaenso and nordea , i believe . 
  ( i mean when finns and scandinavians are both present/in e-mail chain ), 
   once we 're wealthy , homogay countries more money , muscle and mustache , and your chances skyrocket . 
   waterhose them ? 
  teargas them ? 
  cops have to use quite hard measures to contain people who resist them in our home countries . 
  maybe those same measures ? 
  and if there is a lot of people , water and teargas , maybe , why not . 
  how did you find out ? 
   beats you at being gay and mustache . 
   besides , issuing debt with close to zero interest rates is a limited risk anyway . 
  as long as you can pay it off , and are not forced to just roll it over with higher rates . 
  and i guess there the risk is limited too . 
  i 'm proud to be european , but it does n't mean i want more eu . 
  europeans are the best or close to the best in basically everything . 
  vitamin d helps too , in addition to coffee and alcohol , of course . 
  st. petersburg is a bit too close for nuking . 
   someone somehow got his hands on a military grade rifle , with the intention of selling it . 
  that has to be prevented in the future . 
  you ca n't fully prevent that by laws . 
  especially ones trying to prevent hunters getting their rifles . 
  teutoburg is the most german and most asterix-name ever . 
  well , my muslim neighbour works at the university , but that does n't tell everything about all muslims . 
  so i agree with `` not every ... '' . 
  but if you look at the employment stats and crime stats , those are the reasons that something should be done to halt the mediterranean influx . 
   i dont think brown people living in europe is such a big problem , it 's not about the skin colour , for many . 
  it 's the different culture , different educational and working background/habits that make things difficult . 
   because we want to prevent situations like they happened in many countries during the holocaust . 
  this is not really fitting comparison . 
  mena immigrants are quite different than for example jews at the time .
