   if we become weak then it wo n't be good for us . 
  this does n't mean that we have to have common taxation or common budget in europe , in my mind . 
  eu could have a common voice in just some policy areas . 
  maybe . 
  i feel that the same goes for companies too . 
  it 's always easier to lay off people in far away countries . 
  i could see that the `` london a-holes '' would feel more their own than the `` brussels a-holes '' . 
  i might be wrong though . 
  it could be called `` the bilderbergs '' . 
  how about `` people 's republic of europe '' ? 
  edit . 
  i should have read the comments further . 
  and not just in name . 
  who * should * go first in this years nhl draft ? 
  there is also an eu directive limiting the size of strawmen . 
  the netherlands also has low taxes and a skilled ( mostly ) english speaking workforce . 
  it 's also on european continent ( but i guess the brits do n't want that ) . 
  and he does n't have to do it alone . 
  great point , but there might be a painful time of adjustment before income division is agreed on . 
   no , but lawmaker might choose to force it . 
  yes , but as a typical lawmaker , who do you listen more , the soon-to-be-unemployed folks , or the businessman who finances your campaign ? 
  i hope we do n't have to go close to mad max - society before we see the lawmakers act . 
  i hear there has to be some amount of threat of violence for refugee status , but if one can hook up a job in a tough jobs market , basically anyone is welcome . 
  thanks , that 's interesting . 
  there always has to be someone to maintain and plan the machines . 
  ( and do the sales and managing ) let 's hope it 's us . 
  there always has to be someone who finances it . 
  i hope all companies do n't end up in tax havens when automation spreads . 
  there 's an element of gift in a bailout . 
  first they got to take large risks , then they got bailed out , and mostly , got to keep their large bonuses . 
  it 's potential rewards for the bankers , risks socialized to tax payers . 
  the alternatives are lacking , i guess . 
  political experience , or sometimes sensible policies in some area of politics . 
  and some people just stop voting , which leaves the power to the old parties . 
  the finnish and german greens differ then . 
  at least in being conservative and pro police . 
  what would you call it ? 
  in my mind , some other top managers made pretty bad decisions too . 
  and the creativity was n't there anymore , i guess . 
  i have for long voted for the `` least bad '' party . 
  by the way , has there been criminal/some other kind of investigation on the politicians who run your economy to shitter like this ? 
  or maybe they are from `` untouchable '' families ? 
  ... who should be punished , put have they been ? 
  they very well might have more facts than us , but for who 's benefit are they going to use them ? 
  that 's a good question . 
  i 'd say the ones for the migration movement do n't believe the cultural compatibility is an issue , or do n't care . 
  another reason might be that it is just suitable because these guys are coming now , and the ones from more compatible cultures and with more suitable skill sets are not ( to my country at least ) , in similar amounts . 
  the big business also benefits greatly of building housing and services for the migrants , and these are financed by tax money , argued to the public by the politicians . 
  it 's low risk business . 
  ok , my bad then . 
  could have googled also . 
  yes , i should have added `` in practice '' . 
  i think it 's most interesting how the process habitually goes . 
  how the heck can that cost the alleged 39 million ? 
  helsinki administration , holy cow ... 
  the chair of the top-voted party will be the prime minister in my country . 
  did we know that much about juncker before eu elections ? 
  it 's probably also about bringing in potential low-pay workers for big business . 
  who gave him the right not to work with democratically elected european politicians ? 
  the austrians are not some kind of crazies , they elect who they want , and juncker deals with it . 
   the eu enforcing rule of law their idea of rule of law . 
  who gets to decide who are far-right ? 
  yes , them . 
  this does n't sound democratic at all . 
  i hate the direction the eu has taken . 
  juncker is just one guy in the eu power machine . 
  well , it 's not the easiest of jobs . 
   even if you butcher the language to some degree do n't worry , we most certainly will !, 
   at least the economic migrants we are getting right now are prmlimarily interested in finding a job quickly . 
  the ones we are getting either * mostly * are n't , or are not finding it . 
  the employment % are 15-30 % , if you count also people who have been here for decade + . 
  we can help financially , help setting up and running the camps . 
  helping in africa/middle east would be cheaper anyways . 
  merkel and her big business buddies can go to the camps , and handpick the workers for germany , if they think that 's going to work . 
  i understood the discussion was about more than one north african country . 
  the ones that do n't have anything , or are in crisis themselves , some economic incentive/political pressure - combo might be thought of . 
  most of the migrants are not originally from libya though , they are coming through libya . 
  often people vote for the charismatic , not the most competent . 
  competence can be hard to detect , before elections at least . 
  excellent post . 
  that does n't sound all that bad . 
   no native norwegian was convicted as the prosecutor could not prove a native norwegian with a job to have a reason to commit rape , this ca n't be the real reasoning for a verdict . 
  there must be some kind of misunderstanding . 
  do n't you think north african countries can set up camps to keep the migrants alive ? 
  the people coming to europe do n't have any special right to come here . 
  they can be helped elsewhere . 
  maybe use some economic sanctions ? 
  does n't europe have any political weight anymore , or are they just not willing to use it ? 
  maybe they just love marabou and handelsbanken ? 
  ( before marabou was sold , and who loves nordea ? ), 
  they will just repeat that hofer is literally hitler , for weeks . 
  the reader/watcher will never learn how it actually is . 
  ( i have no idea of the guy either ), 
  did you know that there was going to be borders that would be this open * outwards * , when you voted ? 
  i did n't . 
   what do you think sweden and finland would do if russia attacked nato ? 
  on the other hand , what are the odds , that russia attacked nato countries , but not finland ? 
  or that if finland would be attacked , no one else in the region would ? 
  it would escalate . 
  there is still a lot of firepower in europe even if it did n't act in total unison .
