  this is classic reason why eu has rules against dumping and state aids . 
  yes , it 's the rural finland simulator . 
  `` amphetamine square '' , `` dude island '' . 
   some of these names actually sound more interesting when translated . 
   and russian controlled actors like wikileaks . 
  why do you think it 's russian controlled ? 
  many countries still have too high gov. 
  debt/gdp , or was that rule changed ? 
  you seem to miss the large mistakes in eu policy during the last 10 + years ? 
   bigger countries are able to exert influence because they are bigger countries well , who wants to give them more formal power to exert their influence ? 
  what do smaller countries gain from that ? 
   our representatives ... have access to experts and opionion polls and access to lobbyists and juicy eu jobs waved in front of them . 
  it 's best that the people can vote about the larger decisions . 
   i have way more trust in the danish parliament than the eu one . 
  me too . 
  i think he is referring to differences of opinion between voters and the political elite . 
   false news has an intent to mislead it 's readers , which is easy enough to spot . 
  there are quite a few examples of factually correct news that get labeled `` fake news '' by other , large , news organisations just because they do n't like that piece of news published . 
  it 's quite distressing development . 
  their physique is related to sprinting so that some west african folks have more fast-twitching muscle fibers on average than any other group of people . 
  sprinters are west african or jamaican , mate , kenyans and ethiopians are long distance runners . 
   they are endowed with reason and conscience generalizing and exaggerated !, 
   european extremely large telescope is this somehow mentally linked to german penis surgery thread ? 
  the northwest border is basically open , and passports and id 's fell into the mediterranean . 
  no one . 
  they still vote kepu until they die . 
  on the other hand though , the officials are doing what they can to increase the amount of criminals in finland . 
  i came to joke about how many people live in the city ( ~ 8000 ) but when you count in camden there 's about 250k . 
  ( wiki ) impressive . 
  what about uk though ? 
  sounds like a great experiment !, 
  hope you 're ready when stockholm cuts you guys off the grid . 
  one can vet people sorted by industry or profession . 
  not sure how eu would take that though ... 
   when +50 % of the population of a district is not culturally english , it 's impossible for them to integrate to a culture they 're not experiencing everyday plus many of them probably did n't even want to . 
  china - that 's true . 
  their banks have problems, 
  you could just sell your product to a rich ( er ) country in almost their prices , and profit . 
  now you claimed that the greek worker is `` simple '' !, 
  / sss, 
   it 'd be wise to reduce migration from problematic regions ( sunni muslim ? ), 
  to a minimum until some problems are addressed , but that again is a question for people with corresponding competences . 
  i agree . 
  the us has had some worrisome figures in consumer consumption ( retail , cars ) and they might have some problems with really high real estate valuations ( not calling it bubble ! ) . 
  but europe is doing fine , it seems . 
   these kinds of events have their high 's and low 's , and are highly dependent on a specific set of circumstances . 
  islamic terrorism died down after 2005 , and did n't pick up until 2015 , when the islamic state gained prominence . 
  when you have a certain amount of `` higher risk individuals '' in your country , it becomes much more difficult for the police and intelligence to track them or catch them . 
  there might be waves , but with the population trends we are not seeing lowest lows anymore . 
  i think you have to deal with some of the muslim preachers , who spread pretty heavy anti-western ideas . 
  i recommend danish document on sharia law in mosques , if you have n't seen it . 
  do you think that there are more or less terror attacks 2016-2017 in europe that killed or injured more than 5 people than before ? 
  ( or 10 , or 15 , take your pick ), 
  there are many ways and sects to practice islam . 
  the most extremist politicized ways we can curb . 
  freedom of religion does n't surpass criminal laws or laws of inheritance , for instance . 
  ^ there 's something weird with the salaries in that table . 
  germany gross 3700 -  net 2270 finland gr . 
  3300 -  net 2509 . 
  might be that in finland employer pays some tax-like payments that are not included in the gross salary ... 
  i think they would have cared if they would have understood what the heck is going on . 
   did the rest of eu turn a blind eye ? 
  i think the latter is more credible . 
  maybe the eu high officials turned a blind eye and took part in fooling the eu citizens ? 
  in some european countries government is a party to salary & benefit negotiations between employers and employees , and have some say , or some influence , in those . 
  the legislation may also affect some employment relations . 
  i do n't know spanish situation though . 
  yes , it 's more complicated , but i only felt like writing a few-liner . 
   there 's also that country a 's products need to be otherwise at least close to as competitive as country b 's products . 
  also the business relations of a and b to other countries in and out of eurozone should be considered . 
   the problem with the eurozone is that countries like greece have a trade deficit with germany , but the german products do n't get more expensive as greece and germany use the same currency ... 
  yes . 
  the euro is typically not a problem when everything is going well and smoothly in economy . 
  when recession/problems hit , own monetary policy and currency gives you one more tool , a pretty powerful one , to quickly counter the economic problems . 
  the other tools are slower , and it 's more politically difficult to use them . 
  lowering the salaries for example , ( other ) austerity measures , and so on . 
  this concerns especially smaller countries , who have less say to ecb policies . 
  right you are . 
   some other currency that you are unilaterally pegged to can not . 
  if you can unpeg unilaterally , you can start floating the currency whenever you feel like it , think it 's politically feasible , and have balls for it . 
  finnish debt is not that high yet , by european standards . 
  strong currency is typically bad for exports , so i agree , it 's hard to see the reasons to celebrate it . 
  if one is importing a lot of goods ( and services ) , you could say that other countries are basically pumping money out of your country . 
  assuming they sell on profit , which is not always the case with the chinese , for instance . 
  nice going germany . 
  i 've been a fan , but maybe it 's time to move on . 
  but , this day and age , why would we side with `` substantial fossil evidence '' , when we can just say yurop stronk ? 
  orpo and/or risikko get their eu jobs ? 
  there have been stats that drinking by finnish youngsters has gone down . 
  what about the joints sold in `` coffee shops '' of amsterdam and groningen , for example ? 
  are n't they taxed somehow ? 
  edit . 
  yeah well , you said as much . 
  if i understood right , 65 % have a relatively low reading ability ? 
  damn , they will have a hard time becoming doctors and astronauts . 
  i 'd say she absolutely looks like her dad . 
  ( and like a normal youngish woman , i guess ), 
   why have n't we done this yet ? 
  we have been way too cheap in this regard . 
  i bet we could 've step the camps up to a decent level for fraction of a price that has been and will be used to house them up in europe .
