  granted , if it was n't him , it would have been some other , more eager austerity-pusher . 
  my point is , that our ability to influence the policies driven in eu level is limited . 
   we have n't even adopted the euro thanks to that smart decision , you 've had one more important tool in your toolbox after the european/worldwide demand has been pretty stagnant . 
   we changed into a modern country ... and many more . 
  that sounds great !, 
  now you can become a net contributor to eu budget too . 
  well , there are federalists in northern italy ? 
  like lega nord . 
  i think some secessionists even ? 
  i do n't mind , but i 'm not deciding !, 
  the greeks paid the foreign debtor banks with large part of the money they got . 
  the money of new greek bonds was largely recycled through greece , also funded by `` european government-sponsored funds '' . 
  not to mention the amazing amount of sandwiches and coffee in stieg larsson books !, 
  ( which is a good thing ), 
  `` light '' also including gray , green etc. 
  i think it 's not stupid to be proud of positive national values and traditions . 
  we also already have many values that are shared by many , if not all , european states . 
  of course , what one considers ` positive ' is up to debate . 
  naaah , it 's more time-consuming to just tell stories of a couple of newspaper articles and private stories . 
  `` more than a few '' is n't meant to be many tho . 
  i would 've thought there are more homocides in stockholm ? 
  you know , the demographics . 
   only a very small percentage of those committing homicide were actually under drugs ( 6 % of males , 2 % of females ) . 
  drugs have very little to with it . 
  i 'd say more than a few homicides are related to drugs though . 
  the drug smugglers and dealers kill every now and then . 
  according to some sources , over 90.000 asylum seekers/migrants came to germany in january . 
  there should be more decisive action to control the external borders . 
  before there is , it 's kind of just foolish to accept relocation schemes , at least giving decision-making power to supranational organs . 
   there are still many genuine and rightful asylum claims , we are obligated to help them and give them asylum . 
  there is , i agree . 
  i just think it 's better to sort out the genuine asylum seekers and refugees outside europe , as much as possible . 
  like canada is doing , based on what i 've heard . 
  which aspects ? 
  edit : oh ok , i managed to read the link . 
  oh , it was not the relocation that i was thinking . 
  at least not to european mainland , rather somewhere outside europe . 
  must 've misunderstood . 
   poland wo n't agree . 
  hungary wo n't agree . 
  italy wo n't agree . 
  sweden wo n't agree . 
  portugal wo n't agree . 
  no one will agree . 
  why do you think this ? 
  some wo n't agree , right . 
  but many might , especially if there is a thought out and more polished plan . 
  and increasingly , when there are more immigrants in europe , and things get tougher . 
  there was troops from europe in iraq , and for sure also contracts to european companies . 
  it was n't my aim to claim that it was only american companies being involved . 
  it 's partly a joke , partly an impression i 've got . 
   the iraq invasion ended in catastrophe never mind the result , war is good business for defence contractors and banks . 
  freedom , democracy , equality and d\u00f6ner kebab . 
  may i ask why not ? 
   no clue how you can pass as a kid so easily . 
  many officials in migration office * want to believe * . 
  those education predictions gave me a couple of lols , but the accuracy of almost any kind of predictions for even 15 years is not * that * good . 
  and i guess it was quite controversial in any case . 
   word `` kak '' ( with a ` k ' instead of a ` c ' ) in my language means ` crap ' . 
  `` kakka '' in finnish means ` shit ' . 
  or crap . 
  the netherlands can into finno-ugric language group ? 
   keeping the us dollar stable in the world and in doing such the world economy . 
  i would formulate it as keeping the petrodollar recycling going on . 
  but i guess it 's not far from what you said . 
  but then , if the warm latin countries also hope that you go away , but tell it with more words and hand gestures , then what ? 
  there are plenty of lactose free milk and cheese products in nordic countries , at least . 
  it should n't pose a problem . 
   first generation of immigrants will have it tough but do europeans have the will to pay for most of the 1st generation , waiting for the 2nd to come out better ? 
  i doubt it . 
  but italy is a country of warm people and good food . 
  they should stay/go there !, 
  in finland is just expensive cigarettes , low-spice food , and kimi r\u00e4ikk\u00f6nen - level empathy . 
   i can say racist racist racist all day long , and not offend anyone . 
  what you are causing there is limiting and shutting down the public discussion regarding immigration . 
  of course an average tax payer is going to think twice about criticizing some aspects of immigration , if he gets publically called racist , or something equivalent . 
  of course , we might be talking about different issues . 
  our minister of internal affairs said a couple of months ago , that `` questioning the motives of asylum seekers is racist . '', 
  he has backtracked in his opinions since . 
  a little bit . 
   we are not barbarians . 
  not even your prisoners ? 
  i would expect that some finnish and russian loan sharks/hitmen of drug smuggling gangs would have a violent talking-to with this guy . 
  not a good thing , but realistic to expect . 
   prostitutes can freely summon law enforcement to their aid if a customer is unruly or refuses to abide by requests . 
  are you joking ? 
  in the outskirts of vienna , an asylum seeker , in the middle of sex act , decides to go bareback . 
  where are the cops and how do you quickly * summon * them there ? 
  child rapists/rapists in at least a few european countries will often spend time in isolation , separated from other prisoners . 
  that , or the violence . 
   its pretty clear many are not fleeing war zones . 
  and they are using the money that would otherwise go to people who it 's really meant for , people fleeing persecution . 
  tax payers money . 
  and they complain about their conditions . 
  not a pretty picture overall . 
  russia does n't want any more nato bases , especially with missiles , right next door ? 
  they should have shoveled one crying ukrainian kid in front of the cameras . 
  now it 's just out of sight , out of mind . 
  time of hardship or war is different for sure . 
  also , depends on what products are in question .
