  all of us should consider updating it , and if it is not possible , suspending it . 
  yeah , italy gets criticized by the official europe if it resists the immigrant wave , and by european people if it does n't . 
  not easy . 
  there would be positives , but there would be downsides also . 
  it 's tough to evaluate if it would be beneficial in the end . 
  you can look at economies that are not in the euro : denmark , sweden , czechia etc. 
  how are they doing ? 
   the racists do a lot more than think colored people smell funny like what ? 
  in finland they mostly murmur in the corner of a bar . 
  if you compare violent acts of racists and non-european migrants , the migrants take the cake easily . 
  at least % - wise . 
  at this point , it 's not going to be more than a debate . 
  obviously . 
   but in europe it is seen as a lurch to the right . 
  and not just right , but * far * right . 
  and what 's really wrong with german competitiveness , even in the long run ? 
  why do n't they just reward having kids or something , if decreasing population is the problem ? 
  you should see our hipsters . 
  only hope is that they can use excel . 
   they had no time to develop their own culture and civilisation skills yeah man , all this civilisation thing just came too quickly for them and just overwhelmed them . 
  it varies a lot based on where they are from . 
  some immigrant nationalities have less than 20 % of them working . 
  that ca n't work with large amounts of them . 
  it sounds pretty harsh , but is telling where you 're from and who you are that difficult really ? 
  the goal might not be bad , but the current means are misguided . 
   move towards a federated eu ... the policies , services , border control agencies and even the armies need to operate on a transnational level . 
  those branches should cooperate more , yes . 
  yes !, 
  the european governments ca n't calculate the costs of this and are acting too soft . 
   you ca n't blame people that want to improve their life by coming to a `` better '' country . 
  mmm ... but if they do n't find a job , or commit crimes , they should go back where they came from . 
  and they really do n't . 
   we have to prevent parallel societies , but even parallel societies wo n't change the society as a whole . 
  it needs a lot more people than just a few hundred thousand to prompt significant change to a society . 
  but why risk having parallel societies ? 
  we have never had them , and we do n't want them . 
  the majority of migrants can be helped , or tried to help , in or near crisis areas . 
  the migrants tend to concentrate in a few larger metros . 
  they wo n't be evenly distributed around the country . 
  well , might be different in germany , where there are quite many larger cities . 
   we also got a 4.8 billion rebate . 
  which the other net payers are going to pay , thank you very much . 
  multi-speed union is a decent idea that should be discussed more . 
  we will never accept the habits of swedish unbelievers . 
  martin luther nailed his thesis hundreds of years ago , and that 's the truth . 
   we make europe multicultural could you tell what middle eastern ( excl . 
  israel ) or african cultural habits will make the netherlands , finland and sweden , for instance , better countries ? 
  what is the gain of multiculturalism in europe ? 
  edit . 
  wait . 
  was that sarcasm ? 
  i ca n't tell . 
  the thing is , quite a few of the non-western immigrants integrate just fine , in the long term . 
  but how large % will that be , and what happens to the others , it 's tough to say . 
  at the moment , i do n't like the chances and the costs . 
  it was n't really , because swedish banks did not loan ( much ) to greeks . 
   i want to get rid of national governments , national borders , national interests . 
  do you think eu decision-makers did well in financial crisis ? 
  refugee crisis ? 
  how often has the eu financial statements been accepted by the auditors ? 
  are these kind of guys really the best ones to decide also for your country 's matters ? 
  you think that halliburtons and comcasts should have more say , and be more informed about the agreement than a parliament member ? 
  or the people the politicians claim to represent ? 
  if it 's genetically modified by monsanto [ / s ], 
  even in finland employers do n't mostly expect that . 
  depends on the job though . 
  eastern european and neighbouring country immigrants `` steal '' the jobs , the unemployed come from non-western countries . 
  if i simplify a lot . 
   helping people which are in need all of them are in need ? 
  i think not . 
   bluffing his way for the thrils of rich snobs of the world this sounds pretty clever , has to be said . 
   their govt follows their hungarian counterparts into selling to country to russia ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  sounds interesting . 
  hope it 's good comedy and not a propaganda piece . 
   energy beverages well , this just shows that they are integrating into your culture !, 
  tons of cases ? 
  where does this kind of thing happen ? 
  surely there are some already debarred lawyers , who can help mr. vontroll out . 
  swedish businesses have been doing it right for a long time , politicians not so much . 
  estados unidos ? 
  and that 's not all : prince carl philip 's spouse sofia also has forest finn origins . 
  anschluss by sex ... 
  i think we can safely assume that he was going to genocide anyway , and saying that was just a pc way of going forward . 
  how 's it going to help them ? 
  the bosses just look weak and not very smart . 
  you have pretty good points there . 
  at this point , we can just hope that the finnish people involved have the right-sized brains and cojones for this job . 
  finns are operating the installment , right ? 
  and take part in construction , hopefully in such a way , that nothing shitty gets done . 
  i would put my bets on the burqa pic too . 
  male arse is accepted by the pc media and political establishment , and the folks do n't care that much either . 
  finland does n't have earthquakes nor some other reasons that lead to those accidents . 
  you must also subtract the impact of oil to get the oil-adjusted shittiness level . 
  if there would be accurate information , the voters might vote the politicians out , and they do n't like the sound of it ? 
  if it 's clearly a straight appreciative nod . 
  if dan ca n't take the heat , he should stay out of the kitchen . 
  well , we feel that our steel industry is important . 
  why would we let the chinese gut our steel industry ? 
  china has the government backing for their dumping , and when european steel industry starts to run itself down even more than it has , how easy is it to get it going again ?
