   if solidarity and adherence to eu rules is suddenly not enforced there was that dublin agreement also ... 
  they should rethink what they cut . 
  and in practice , the public expenditure has n't decreased the previous years , so it 's very interesting kind of cutting . 
  for instance , some time ago the danes cut the amount of their municipalities ~ 300 -  100 . 
  these guys will never do , and are not able to do anything like that . 
  and we are taking our quota even when the others are not . 
  `` the united arab emirates of europe '' . 
  at least finland kept his mouth shut . 
  they can follow the news from other countries and make up their mind based on that . 
  we can help them sort it out . 
   yes it could have been done in other , more efficient ways but it 's too late now for that . 
  asylum seekers coming to europe will continue in the future . 
  large part of eritreans are avoiding conscription , i 've heard . 
  do n't forget that cigarettes cost a lot , and sometimes you have to listen to women ( if they are bosses/social service workers etc ) . 
  unbearable . 
  also re-write a couple of articles in international agreements . 
   if refugees get into the eu then it 's a common problem . 
  the other eu countries should give more aid to italy and greece to prevent it . 
  if that would be succesful , it would save a lot of money in the long run . 
   so much police effort is dedicated to this that they 've created an entire new rank of police to handle it . 
  they always said that because of immigration gdp would grow !, 
  sounds reasonable . 
  ^ it seemed to be about enrolment to various levels of education . 
  maybe the differences are really small . 
  then it does n't matter really . 
  we just want our money !, 
   germany is not the most import reliant country no , but i think they import quite a lot of parts ( cars etc ) from austria , czechia etc. 
  that would increase the costs of their end products . 
  we just beat the dutch !, 
  how convenient ... 
  i think the guy is trying to claim that free trade ( agreements ) and globalization of trade in general fully/partly caused this to former industrial cities in us , when many of the traditional jobs were `` outsourced '' to asia , or companies went bankrupt because they could n't cope in competition . 
  i admit the connection is a long shot . 
  in finland the politicians use the equivalent term when an immigrant does something bad . 
  if these cities are in top50 of murder rates , is it really '' * incorrect * trump talking point '' ? 
  does it have to be drug gangland south america - level before it 's accepted talking point ? 
  it could be other countries too , in southern mediterranean coast . 
  let 's pay them . 
  where can we read the proposed ttip agreement ? 
  and rather , also in relevant bullet points . 
  that would help us answer . 
  if there are less and less consumers who have decent money to spend , the only way is down for the system . 
  there 's only so money shoes , cars and cell phones the fewer rich people will buy . 
  hitler , dressed as a woman . 
   workers create value , and the owners just extract it from them sort of , but i see the issue as more complex . 
  owners typically invest in the company , especially in the beginning . 
  imagine some assmuncher starting to sabotage * your * equipment when the company is being build up , to get some amount of money he thinks he `` deserves '' . 
  the company as a unit only gets to share as much as it sells - costs . 
  company founders and investors create value too , without their risk-taking the workers would n't have a place to work at all . 
  i 'm not for the modern ( or ancient ? ), 
  cut throat capitalism though , where the investors often exactly * extract * as much as they can . 
   2 % of them did that . 
  that 's the % that raped , but of course there was people who committed other crimes , people who ca n't or wo n't do anything useful to pay for their living , and so on . 
  yeah , i guess so . 
  i probably just hear more about what happens in uk/french/dutch business , so this wealth difference surprised . 
  why is belgium that high ? 
  i mean , they have been a succesful industrial country for a long time , but compared to france , uk and the netherlands , for instance ? 
  i would say it 's not as much that they are n't liked , it 's just that they are afraid of social consequences . 
  like , did the folks whose personal info was doxxed by that expo-related organisation enjoy their lives and careers after that ? 
  has anyone been kicked out of their job by publicizing an opinion that can be lumped under `` racist '' ? 
  which sometimes seems to be rather large umbrella . 
  as a swede , do you ask seriously ? 
  if they are saving it , they can still use it anytime they want . 
  i would n't call that being poor . 
  if one fulfills , yes . 
  but it might be time to finetune the human rights agreements , which were made in another time and situation . 
   most welfare recipients are white , not mena . 
  math and percentages were not your strong suit , were they ? 
  and the love for unhealthy food , that president ahtisaari undeniably shares . 
  immigrants from developed countries are different from humanitarian migrants in this regard . 
  there are studies , but i 'm too lazy now . 
  the others , meaning people who have such education or training , that they are employable in , let 's say 5 years - decade . 
  the kebab shops are already full , mostly the construction sites too . 
  i agree , the crimes are committed by low education/poor immigrants . 
  what is called rape in this article is what is called rape in most places , i 'd assume . 
  then there 's categories like `` sexual harassment '' . 
  swedes might have a little different definitions , i could n't tell . 
  it works like that . 
  but there are cases , where their country of origin is not willing to take them , for various reasons . 
  sometimes they say that `` if the person is not willing to come voluntarily , then we do n't accept him '' . 
  we just had a case with a killer + child rapist , who somalia did n't want to take back . 
  eventually he was moved though . 
  countries like finland do n't have so much political or military muscle that we can just force countries to do things . 
  vast majority of people coming to northern europe are low education immigrants . 
  the others , i do n't know where they go . 
  uk , us , germany ? 
  they are taught some decently good cooked up stories by smugglers . 
  it 's not that easy to find out who did what in me . 
   there 's this pesky little thing called `` sovereignty '' and just because a boat is coming from libya does not mean that you 're allowed to tow it back . 
  many normal countries would just take them back , because ... that 's where they left . 
  and if they do n't , maybe there 's time for more political pressure / economic sanctions . 
  especially for the people that are deemed to lead libya . 
  or someone will send a stern letter to them . 
  if you keep giving high enough benefits to migrants , there will be more of them coming . 
  info travels fast . 
  no worries , we got some wood to sell you . 
   massively cut pensions and welfare . 
  if that 's evil or not , depends on what level they were . 
  i reckon that there were pensions paid to dead government officials spouses ? 
  and large salaries for some public officials for doing less than fillon 's wife . 
  benelux and finland are net payers now , so we would just be bigger net payers then ?
