  not easy for small countries at least . 
   the finnish justice system stands on rehabilitation . 
  criminals are punished so they could become decent law-abiding citizens again . 
  keeping them out of the street , preventive effects and serving a sense of justice of the victims/general public are also to some extent goals of the punishment and criminal justice system . 
  experts should naturally be heard when drafting legislation . 
  eventually , it 's an opinion of the collective . 
  also , some experts like some psychologists and some criminal law experts lean on being more understanding of the criminals than the general public is . 
  this guy is an honorary north european !, 
  we do n't seem to find a ( parliament ) majority that would be tougher on violent crime than this . 
  this should be changed . 
  1/2 is too soff . 
   europe has been economically hostile to the us for far too long . 
  really ? 
  it goes both ways , i 'd say . 
  so , how in your opinion does western middle class benefit from `` globalism '' ? 
  and because many of us are not economists , we might have different understanding of the term ( globalism ) . 
  this struggle of `` more euro '' or `` out of euro '' will only intensify in the next few years . 
  one alternative might be that the countries would be allowed to circulate their own money as well as euro . 
  but eu top leadership would be strictly against that , and it 's against the core agreements and so on ... 
  some of our ministers find their true nature when it 's time to kick people who are down . 
   it 's simply not tenable in this form . 
  right you are . 
  because they do n't immediately do whatever their masters tell them . 
  it 's not very smart to privatize core infra , too much of health care and some other stuff . 
  norilsk nickel spilled in finland too a couple of years ago . 
  reckless folks . 
  in school , hobbies , through friends , work , bar , parties . 
  not in bus/tram stops . 
  i had some spanish friends , and one of the guys kissed me on the cheeks when we had n't seen for some time . 
  i was disturbed , but i tried to act like nothing happened . 
  in the future i see nordic group , visegrad + new countries , med group , germany & co. . france might act independently from med countries in some issues . 
  at least . 
  hopefully , this division varies depending on policy sector in question . 
   if estonia is n't nordic , then neither is finland . 
  now , let 's not get ahead of ourselves here !, 
  they were racist stats !, 
  some melodeath , like insomnium , is quite the feelgood music in my mind ... 
  at least we have some of that do n't complain , be a man , bear your burden - kind of mentality . 
  men should learn better to talk about their problems and seek help when necessary . 
  if i would have a mobile job and was wealthy , i would live winter months in mediterranean countries , and when it starts to get hotter , go back to finland . 
  part of european centre-right ( mostly epp parties ) is in the same boat . 
  tough to say why , but probably has to do with business opportunities and an attempt to lower wages . 
  personally i would rather be called `` culturist '' or `` religionist '' than racist . 
  but the media has redefined racism to mean a lot of things . 
  the commission talks bs every now and then . 
  especially when it 's about taking rights away from member countries . 
  you have the unfortunate situation of some people not being able to differentiate romas from romanians . 
  algerians leading almost every stat ?!, 
  that 's surprising . 
  if we start trying , we are really friendly and nice too !, 
  i guess so , but refusing migrants for their behaviour and cultural differences to european values might be more acceptable . 
   do european muslims ( as a community , not your sporadic fanatic ) demand that every european woman should wear a burqa ? 
  european muslims make up many communities . 
  they do n't demand these things now , but there are countries that show how things get worse , what comes to liberties , when more extreme muslims gain more and more ground . 
  i did n't say anything about caliphate . 
  they might , at least for some time . 
   how on earth the absolute miniscule minority of people in germany wearing burqas could possibly have an influence on whether germany stays `` modern '' , `` progressive '' or `` successful '' ( whatever you mean by that ) . 
  it 's a small minority now , but what about in the future ? 
  if you do n't keep the old/wrong school muslims in check , they spread their ideology around and keep on demanding things their way . 
  the ones who insist covering face might leave ? 
  or end up in jail ? 
  there can be exemptions , like outside during winter you could wear facecover . 
  helmets etc. 
  you americans are too progressive and too conservative at the same time !, 
  it does n't work . 
  they just send stern letters and fly through your air space . 
  you have a point . 
  but does it have to be 14 hours ? 
  is 10 , 8 , 6 enough ? 
  you ca n't basically do anything else if you work 14 hours a day . 
  because without education they will stay subsistence farmers . 
  i wonder if there will ever be demands of 6 h days with 6 hour pay , by unions / left wing . 
  for example , you can get a 10-way ticket so that average price is 26 $ per one-way trip . 
  takes more than 1,5 hours though . 
  this sounds great , but i do n't think it 's worth the money . 
  do n't go there !, 
  i 'd claim that drinking may have decreased just because people became more sensible . 
  crawling in the ditch is not the best way to end your evening after all ... 
  or that finland has to send guys to die in some meaningless conflict somewhere . 
  i hope someone else ( iraq e.g. ), 
  has the trial for this dude . 
  these can cost million + , for something we had nothing to do with . 
  i 'd like them to give longer ( actually served ) sentences for first-timers in general ... in violent crimes at least . 
  and yes , that `` virgin again '' - rule is silly . 
  yes , it depends on their own culture . 
  how steadfast they are in upholding it . 
  he does n't seem to think or care about the costs and problems for the receiving european countries . 
  yes , clearly juncker does n't need locks or bodyguards . 
  he wants to keep the doors open , right ? 
  some version of the natives , but i 'd say they keep a lot of their own culture with them , even the future generations . 
  you got to love that his last name means `` oppression '' in finnish . 
  i 'd like finland to have some wild forests , and we do , but efficient forestry is needed for economic reasons . 
  son , you can still regain faith to the one and only original santa , the finnish one . 
  then you 'll be blessed beyond belief . 
  what 's wrong with a big tree farm , compared to deforestation ? 
  edit . 
  well , you got to have some wild forests , yes . 
  but not that much . 
  yeah , i guess it 's better to put it that way . 
  is n't this mostly about eastern finns ?
