  most media does n't think about tax payers money . 
  turkey is too powerful politically and militarywise . 
  they can get all kinds of ideas if the immigrant pressure grows too strong . 
   21.5 % of sweden 's population did it say what percentage is from neighbouring countries ? 
  there is still a lot of people of south east asian and european descent ? 
  that should n't be bad for social cohesion . 
   legally binding means directly applicable in courts . 
  and it 's sad , because echr is sometimes quite removed from reality of immigration issues . 
   countries similar to us like luxembourg it 's hard to score as well as luxembourg , it 's basically a low-tax city between major industrial countries , companies of which like a low-tax environment . 
  you got to wonder why and how these kind of guys come to europe . 
  probably not taking the boat ride . 
  as to my understanding , the first entrance countries do n't document quite a few of the migrants , because then they ca n't be identified as the responsible countries according to the dublin agreement . 
  they do n't want to bear the costs . 
  that 's what i 've read . 
  on the other hand , the schengen countries ca n't agree on border control with sufficient resources , or quota system for the asylum seekers . 
  huge fuck-ups all of these . 
   these people land in greece and are checked . 
  why do you think this ? 
  i believe most of them are not fingerprinted , for instance . 
  i 'm not sure if there is much info that you can trust . 
   dirty pork eating kuffar at least i get to eat pork !, 
  muhahhaha, 
   so we need to communicate the real situation properly , even if we dont cut their freebies . 
  you 're right , it ca n't be pics of a massive `` weeelcome ! '', 
  and then nothing . 
  the message should be , that you 're expected to work hard , or you get next to nothing . 
   the moroccan and tunisians ... will be sent back . 
  let 's see how our `` hardass '' governments manage that before we clap hands . 
  which is funny , because if they are superior , where are their great innovations , smoothly working societies , complex products of industry etc. 
  but do n't they often do that , at least make it sound like it ? 
   financial market would rather pay france to lend money to france than invest their money elsewhere . 
  and that 's f * cking crazy , when you think about it . 
  you guys have done well there . 
  our employer orgs and unions are stubborn and short-sighted . 
  ok . their view is also understandable . 
  i thought that was just jo nesbo version of the world ... 
  i 'm not an expert on mediterranean/middle eastern/north african politics and geography . 
  australia has a `` camp territory '' . 
  quite a few wealthy finnish retirees have moved to portugal . 
  our government tries to `` fight '' it now by amending the favourable tax treaty between finland and portugal ... 
  not a saviour , but in this issue he got the right attitude before others , for sure . 
  maybe we can set a big net around turkish waters ? 
  the ones on the shore should be at once moved back outside europe . 
  to a camp where they would be hosted , interviewed and assisted back to where they came from ( unless they are really from a country in full blown war ) . 
  so eu countries did n't offer help on the southern border at all ? 
  or did eu say that `` both southern and northern borders , or nothing ! '', 
  simple answer is too many wo n't integrate , it wo n't boost . 
  and then , they go for petty crime , while complaining at the same time how they should be * given * jobs . 
  because it looks like they do n't think about tighter border controls at all , but dumping migrants to as many countries as possible , which might just invite more of them in europe . 
  there could also be a two-tier union . 
  no need to force all countries to deeper integration . 
  i 'd say in many countries , there 's significant distrust towards eu leaders . 
  is afd fascist ? 
  i do n't know the party really . 
  you are underestimating the situation greatly . 
  it also depends how culturally similar they are , their behaviour etc. 
  many of the people who have come this year are from highly different culture . 
  also , jobs ? 
  eu member countries can do together a lot of things , if they have will and balls . 
  let 's see how long it takes to find them . 
   once they 're on european soil you ca n't fly them out to a remote location at least not currently . 
  where does it say this ? 
  the idea with installments is that you first give them some money , and expect some things of them . 
  if everything goes ok , then you give more . 
  i do n't know how well it would work , it 's a suggestion . 
  man , finland is diverse . 
  a melting pot of northern , western and eastern . 
  we are more in the east than poland !, 
   eu for a new nordic union , not run by the morons in brussels and berlin . 
  ... and where immigration policies are not run by stockholm . 
   helping those in need . 
  there are billions of people in need . 
  and besides , the refugee/asylum systems are concerned with those in danger . 
  i do n't want to sound morbid , but tear gas and water cannons are not the harshest of measures that will be used before this mess starts to go to better direction ... 
  the money should be paid in installments , with conditions . 
  3 b from many countries is nothing compared to what the costs of hosting migrants is , in germany even , based on what i 've read . 
  they would n't be worse than police special forces , i guess . 
  maybe in larger scale . 
  or they just live illegally by crime in their ethnic suburbs ... 
  there 's also the price of food , if there is no local competition at all . 
  how do you force foreign producers to sell cheaply ? 
  personally i 'm for the union countries to help italy , greece and co. to handle the situation and protect their ( and our ) borders . 
  `` reactionary '' , `` populist '', 
   using sharia law when it comes to some issues , such as divorce . 
  so what does it mean in practice ? 
  for instance , the man ca n't legally get larger part of the estate ( registered ) than according to british law , can he ? 
  i think scotland , and it 's oil reserves , are a natural fit with nordic countries !, 
  united border control policies and resources sound much better than full blown federalism . 
  ca n't tell if serious . 
  finnish economy is not what it used to be , and many of the asylum seekers are just economic migrants . 
   turkey already proposed ( several times ) a safe zone inside syria , to settle down some of the refugees there this proposition was in the good direction . 
  sad that us did n't back it up ( or how it went ) . 
   if each refugee costs us $ 10,000 a year oh , it costs way more than that , at least if you 're a cold country and have weak politicians . 
  you do n't have to be in eu to be in good terms with the eu . 
  heck , look at switzerland and norway . 
  just say something nice to amnesty , and keep on doing the same . 
   go to the sauna and/or get drunk . 
  not too drunk . 
   as long as the cultures integrate appropriately . 
  and that is the big question !,
