  depends what you count in . 
  housing and electricity is more expensive in many places . 
  what kind of policies were they ? 
  maybe they do n't give as good benefits for the expats in prague ? 
  i do n't know , prague is pretty great . 
  eu countries have hundreds of millions of people , can + mex have what , 140 million ? 
   germans do n't really believe in pointless small talk . 
  neither do several other north europeans . 
  if it 's interesting or funny small talk , then it 's a different matter ... 
  if he 's already coming through lesbos , he does n't need any dykes . 
  it 's * mainstream totalitarian * . 
  the current one has been pretty bad too , yep . 
  yes . 
  and it did horribly . 
  i believe finland is not the only country where the right wing parties and most left parties are n't able to sit in the same government . 
  usually . 
   the number of tourists is the number of residents that travelled for personal purposes for at least 4 consecutive nights in a given year . 
  the analysis covers both domestic and outbound trips . 
  i have a hard time believing this map . 
  i 'd expect the percentages to be higher . 
  the only strike you swedes know is counter strike . 
  it might be for them , but i still think that you can go to any of these areas at noon , walk around , and have no problems . 
  the `` no-go-zone '' gives too bleak picture . 
  the political center is more in the right in the us than in europe . 
  i mean that in us , his reporting is probably quite in the middle . 
  i suggest `` the second banana '' or `` bluer banana '' . 
  also `` north banana '' , abbr . 
  there was the registered partnership thing , though , which gave gays a lot of the same rights . 
   when people get arrested the goal is not to punish them it 's also to punish . 
  you ca n't deport the native rapists . 
  `` best for business : 1 . 
  switzerland '' hmmmm ... 
  i 'm sure they have a wonderful and nonsensical answer to just that question !, 
  the sad thing is that the other government parties nc and kepu have n't done a good job either . 
  that 's right . 
  if they start forcing the countries even more strongly to fiscal unity and some other things , nothing good comes of it . 
  we already saw brexit , there would very likely be other exits . 
  and it 's not like kone did n't pay any dividends then . 
  the thing is just that our government is not making a big effort yet to get out the ones that have had their application rejected . 
  and i assume they are looking for people to push down the salaries anyway . 
  centre-right government . 
  of course , should 've thought . 
  i thought paul van dyk was dutch . 
  but maybe he would 've been dijk then ? 
  they are probably better known as ( trance ) producers than dj 's . 
  and i do n't think bomfunk counts as dj 's ? 
  ( at least anymore ), 
  the labor participation rate for iraqis , somalians and afganis is less than 25 % here , in the long term . 
  if you manage to integrate them , great , they are all yours . 
  soon nordic gay homosex will slip in and become a part of estonian society . 
   but they 're so obsessed with the freedom to rule their countries as they please that they 're outright paralyzed with dread at moving in any direction . 
  if you do n't rule your country , someone else will . 
  someone further away , less accountable to you , and who knows less what happens in your region , and what 's good for your region . 
  i 'm not even a church member , but why is this important ? 
  what does it matter if all , or just some priests marry everyone ? 
  schengen should be remodeled . 
  we do n't want to disturb truck traffic , business and travel too much , but we do n't want non-european young guys wandering through europe again either . 
  what are the issues with eu in the netherlands ? 
  in my mind , there are n't many countries that would be more in the `` core group '' of eu than the netherlands . 
  tom of finland movie also started running in theaters , as if this was n't gay enough !, 
  helsingfors and \u00c5bo regions probably offer more action and culture , and there are also a lot of swedish speakers . 
  any idea , how many of those are immigrants on immigrants ? 
  the problem is that there 's no party that does useful things in finland . 
  if only sweden 's young men could find the pensioner women !, 
  imbalances would be solved . 
  ( we probably have the same situation ... ), 
  you paid proportionally less than many , if not all , netpayers , though . 
  any specific reason why norway scores the highest ? 
  so that politicians have jobs , and can deal money and assets to their friends . 
  transgender is all the rave now . 
  gayness is so 00 's . 
  `` the prez , 4th season '' - this reality/drama show has had a huuuge following all around the world . 
  being brought up in a society where gayness is severely punished does n't quickly lose it 's effect when these folks cross borders . 
  true . 
  ... none of that has to mean springare is lying . 
  and for example , if he says that 20/24 of the investigated homicides ( / attempts ) in his precinct are committed by foreign-borns , it 's either a blatant lie , or not a pretty picture . 
   this requires being open and honest about the impacts of immigration policy . 
  there 's just the thing that politicians are very rarely honest about their past and continuing mistakes . 
  not in my country , not in sweden , etc. 
  how do we find out if there is ? 
  yes , but on the other hand , if it is true that immigrants are more likely to stay poor ( i do n't have proof of that ) , then there 's a bit of circular logic . 
  you can throw endless amount of `` integration money '' to immigrants , and they will still stay poor , and commit crime in similar rates . 
  or they are one of the most honest in reporting their hours . 
  danish anschluss incoming ? 
  to be honest , i do n't know what we would do . 
  i do n't think this scenario is actual at the moment though . 
   if they are forced to wear a certain kind of clothing , the correct response is not to ban that outfit , but to change society in a way so they are n't forced to wear it anymore . 
  that 's not easy . 
  getting evidence ( of forcing ) , and brainwashing people to western values takes time and effort . 
  they can eat more donuts and play with russian hackers . 
  if there would be an attack to estonia , finland has no reason to believe that they would n't be attacked too . 
  finland would n't be just standing there , hands in it 's pockets . 
  they are `` atlantic islanders '' . 
   more police , more security all the way down to the cashier at aldi or rewe ca n't you just pay some hans to trash the windows of local aldi every now and then ? 
  then you could also hire more guards . 
  and guys repairing windows . 
  housing and schools get stuck , maybe ? 
  i expected something like france/germany . 
  how many influential conservative / right wing media do we really have ? 
  i came here expecting a left wing bias in most things , especially in crime and immigration .
