  sounds pretty good to me , but what if they are smart enough to play nice to the interviewers ? 
  and what do we know about their past , when we do n't even really know who they are ? 
  regarding the ones without id . 
  to be clear , i 'm sure finland is pretty good place to write an opinion piece . 
  it just mostly surprises me that according to the journalists ( ? 
  ) , there are n't any better . 
   what you could argue is that journalists in general tend to have certain types of political opinions , which creates a kind of pressure for journalists who do n't adhere to them . 
  i agree . 
  finland being nro uno is kind of funny . 
  sweden at # 5 too . 
  well , at least you do n't get killed if you write wrong kind of article , but you might get fired , demonised and socially ostracized . 
  daharass ( ment ) game . 
  we lost to all the usual suspects , tear . 
  this is what should be done . 
  and stricter border control . 
  but i do n't know how far this show has to go , before our sleazy pc politicians get a grip . 
  it 's the same thing in finland , the demographic problem , and the same discussion probably . 
  but for the life of me , i do n't understand how politicians think that most of these guys who are coming now , guys with barely any education , will be employed ? 
  unemployed migrants do n't solve economic problems , on the contrary . 
  i wonder why sd does n't make a bit more effort to be acceptable to the general public ? 
  or have they done their fair share in their opinion ? 
   pis is preparing to seize control over the internet as well . 
  how do they plan to do this ? 
  opposing modern feminism and being concerned about women 's safety in general does not necessarily mean contradicting oneself . 
  just sayin ' . 
  in case they were not asylum seekers , they might still be migrants , who already have residence permit . 
  or not . 
  but that 's one way of blurrying this incident . 
  not in nordic countries . 
  in finland employment contract law and discrimination laws tell what you can/can not get fired for . 
  you get damages if you are wrongly fired . 
  in the end the only solution is moving to a neighbouring country . 
  edited . . 
   integration ( and not assimilation , as assimilation is both immoral and unrealistic ) of a few million people is possible . 
  how is it immoral ? 
  it 's basically the only way . 
  but if cultures are too different , and if there is no motivation to assimilate , i do n't believe it is possible . 
  that 's raycisst !, 
  has it been proved that it was assad who has been using mustard gas ? 
  if that info came from cia , i would n't trust it more than info on iraq . 
  the countries ca n't see far to the future when they are joining . 
  who imagined 20 years ago what has happened during last , say 8 years ? 
  you know what else increases native procreation rate ? 
  the fact that surviving kids are the ones that help you out when your old , not government systems . 
  and also , recklessness and shortsightedness . 
   if you would offer a gypsy a job there is no question that he or she would refuse it , these people would do anything to get a job and live a normal life . 
  no they would n't . 
  or rather , some gypsies have the tendency to find their way out of work when they get it . 
  it seems that their culture is so strong , that many keep their cultural tendencies closer to heart than the values of the ( work ) culture around them . 
  well , banking , insurance and retail seem to be controlled by few giants from a few countries . 
  finnish companies have n't been very active abroad , not sure why . 
  we have some consulting and software companies that do decently , now that i think of it . 
  in addition to forest industry , chemical and machine engineering sectors and metals industry are significant exporters . 
  but the industrial base is narrower than in germany or sweden , for sure . 
  and service exports are not our strength . 
  are you on snickers payroll ? 
  it does n't have to be laws . 
  but on the other hand , we make laws based on what we value . 
  so , something we appreciate or not . 
  most of the so called `` right '' in europe would probably just be centre in usa . 
   should the answer to terrorist attack be ... attacking them back ? 
  i personally do n't think so . 
   just look at wtc attacks , and look what invasion of iraq and afghanistan brought - 210,000 afghan , iraqi , and pakistani civilians have died violent deaths as a direct result of the wars , because 19 hijackers crashed 4 planes . 
  the actions should be directed with more thought now . 
  but in general , some cultures/groups only understand force . 
  if they are not met with force , they will surely continue what they are doing . 
   we are europe , we believe in peace . 
  i think some old phrases are still useful : si vis pacem , para bellum . 
  ( if you want peace , prepare for war ), 
  this is the future !, 
  ( far future ), 
   keeping wages high and hoping a new nokia will emerge is a very dangerous game to play . 
  the thing is , unions do n't really seem to care about unemployed people or level of unemployment . 
  they just hang on to that their job is to keep the salaries and benefits as high as possible . 
  they should be thinking longer term . 
  apart from oil and gas , there are a lot of goods that finns could start producing more themselves , would the import prices rise . 
  and that would be good for the economy in the long run . 
   stop immigration and the house prices will drop . 
  it 's no surprise that the construction companies are for immigration , right ? 
  there are lots of roma people who do n't take the necessary steps towards contributing to society . 
  why should we like it and appreciate it ? 
  where is the line between just talking to people and convincing them ? 
   you ca n't really impose or push for austerity in state of democracy , can you ? 
  well , stubb is finance minister , and he is pushing for austerity measures , and arm-wrestling with the unions . 
  it was n't fun for the greeks , it 's not fun for us . 
  none . 
  we killed some folks , but they were the aggressors or otherwise deserved it !, 
   their only domestic ` threat ' is russia , and whether they have a small military or no military at all makes little difference there . 
  i disagree . 
  i 'd say there is a difference if you can just walk in the country and stay in power easily , or if you believe that you will be met with fierce resistance even after you conquer it . 
  but first , there should be danish-polish immigration policy . 
  and it 's called kalmar union , and the capital is not permanently in stockholm !, 
  ( edited ), 
  it does n't float based on specific economies , like finland , and we finns ca n't devaluate it . 
  also , the monetary policy of ecb , i think it is based on austerity principles , which can be heavy for economies doing badly . 
  euro is fine when everything is pointing upwards , but it is n't helping now . 
  some say , that markka-time problems were partly due to bad decision-making of finnish politicians . 
  i do n't think they are getting any wiser , though . 
  finland pays for the stupidity or the lack of cojones of our politicians ... 
  eu is forcing way too much stuff already .
