  he cuts the corner , clean cut , almost rubbing the car against the volcanic rocks , and races ahead , beating the italian by a full minute . 
  * german * gute . 
  but you could do besser !, 
  let us see the portuguese . 
  the portuguese : * german * ok you are the letzter one , so do besser than the spanischer . 
  the portuguese was not from madeira but he was from douro , which he thought it was basically the same . 
  mountains around something something bla bla . 
  the portuguese was afraid , but following the true spirit of the portuguese , he used desenrasca , or to pull a macgyver . 
  the first corners he cuted them , then he saw a small shortcut , he took it , gained a few seconds , went faster , found another shortcut , gained a few seconds , and so on . 
  * german * ok , very gut , now hear me bitte , very hard turn to the left , be very careful !, 
  no have fear , this is almost like my home , i can always find a better way , like the portuguese !, 
  i can fix that hard turn left !, 
  and so the portuguese did , he turned right instead . 
  we are so juicy and fresh source : http://lorecommunication.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/orange.jpg, 
  yes and be careful in the parking lots underground here , they are really narrow ( the scratch marks on the walls are a warning ) . 
  porto has the issue of having loads of traffic running through a mostly medieval city plan ( earthquake caused minimal damage here , vs lisbon ) . 
  i think in general we are loud . 
  our caf\u00e9s , specially those more local , are never truly silent . 
  also we scream while calling people that are just 4m away on the otherside of the room , because it is faster than normal walking . 
  volume also increases during football , beer with friends , beer with family . 
  population studies pending do not take this literally . 
  oh yes our driving . 
  have you ever been to vci in porto ? 
  chaos at rush hour . 
  i think portugal will have a great future if we believe in ourselves . 
  currently portuguese are great ... abroad . 
  yes ca n't complain about that , even in hard situations people here tend to be nice in general, 
  lool where were you ? 
  i would say with low traffic , it sucks living near a major traffic area . 
  well that is true . 
  economically we are lagging a bit but that will be fixed someday . 
  and the weather is nice, 
  hum south germany or bremen ( i liked it , and i liked schmalzkuchen until i learned that schmalz means fat ) . france , i have family there and visited many times . 
  ireland . 
  italy , mostly milan although in general i love italy , do n't know really why . 
  spain , i visit so many times spain , really like it . 
  switzerland near the lakes . 
  copenhagen in denmark with a bike , and malmo in sweeden with a bike too.amsterdam in the netherlands . 
  london if i had money to survive , really big airports are like honey to me . 
  never went to poland , met polish students and it sounds cool and evolving . 
  maybe will go there next year and see . 
  my father loves the baltics so i guess they are cool too . 
  weather in porto sucks during the winter so i guess madeira in portugal ... 
  nice choice . 
  any area in particular xd ? 
  i would add romania if i had a job in my area there , that could sustain my ryanair trips . 
  and the low cost of living is a bonus, 
  wow it feels warm , that feeling , someone wants to live here , 
  yeap also added slovenia . 
  everytime i see a picture of that cake i taste it with my eyes, 
  yes i think so !, 
  hard though, 
  true that !, 
  but it is so nice when it is done . 
  a genoan black sea is one of my personal goals . 
  you are a christian country and i love to invade you using genoa in eu4 . 
  you are in a great position !, 
  also you are pretty close to the caucasus range which is pretty . 
  would like to know about your food . 
  also do you have routes from low cost airlines to your capital ? 
  i would go to austria  in fact i am going to visit wien in oktober . 
  the food looks good . 
  and it looks beautiful from what i see . 
  i wanted to visit the alps but no time : / anyway great country from all i heard . 
  i know some , although regional . 
  an alentejano ( southerner , portuguese from alentejo ) is reading the newspaper , yet he has n't turned the page for over an hour . 
  what is he waiting for ? 
  for the wind to turn the page . 
  how do you recognize an alentejano at the aiport ? 
  he is the one feeding the planes with corn . 
  what do the wine bottles from alentejo have written at the bottom ? 
  to open use the other end . 
  why do alentejanos wake up so early ? 
  to stay more hours doing absolutely nothing . 
  a portuense ( someone from porto ) and a lisboeta ( someone from lisbon ) find a genie . 
  he grants them both one wish . 
  lisboeta : i want a wall around my city , to keep those foreigners and northerners from getting in . 
  we are the best , we do not need them . 
  genie : granted portuense : my dear lisboeta , is the wall solid ? 
  lisboeta : yeah , pretty much . 
  portuense : is the wall very tall ? 
  lisboeta : so tall i doubt helicopters could climb it . 
  portuense : great !, 
  genie , fill it up with shit please . 
  * edit : missing word, 
  that is hard to answer . 
  typical food . 
  well elebe and papa vinhos were the ones i liked more . 
  there are other restaurants but i tried them mostly during my college years , cheap food and free drinks . 
  other restaurants that i have tried are fancy not really portuguese food . 
  well you can wait to be bankrupt , everyone leaves the country , things start changing because there is no other way . 
  at least it seems to be the solution here , for now . 
  curious only the brandless milk got cheaper . 
  that sounds like a big problem . 
  when we got the funds back in the 90s , most people wasted on houses and cars instead of machines for agriculture . 
  only now , modern farmers are actually developing huge farms ( mainly alentejo ) . 
  education was also a clusterf * ck , with many teachers with zero abilities . 
  but romania ca n't wait an entire generation to get it right . 
  online education could help ( duolingo , khan academy , something like that ) . 
  well no , not the average milk , but seeing every year gallons by the thousand of milk being thrown away due to regulation caps is n't quite rational either .
