they have major influence now . 
  france had more influence a while ago . 
  besides their aggressive agriculture plans nothing much to complain . 
  the situation my country is in , was created 100 % by previous and current gov. 
  we ca n't blame europe , or euro , or * insert excuse here * for lacking future vision , not investing in tech and in the creation of new companies , for not using the new highly qualified youth , and for creating a housing bubble , an infrastructure bubble , and a huge , inefficient state that feeds all politicians and their network of friends , something that not even in the dictature we had . 
  the only alternative , as an individual , and with is future basically burned by his country , i can only go to europe with ease ( i can go to other countries , but to europe i have no borders ) . 
  i can work outside . 
  i have a chance of finding a job out . 
  selling to germany ? 
  nah , we fucked up , they had to protect the coin and the european project and i get that . 
  we already fucked up 3 times since we gained democracy , so ... we tend to screw things up . 
  was it germany ? 
  was it france ? 
  was the evil eu ? 
  our gov. 
  the people we choose to direct our destiny , for 35 years . 
  a total circus . 
  and yes , we are being sold , but to chinese capital . 
  does it bother me ? 
  no , because they are money laundering . they wo n't move the capital , they want hard assets . 
  so sure , invest here whatever you want since we have no capital left . 
  now let me finish my education so i can pack my bags . 
  cool !, 
  and congrats !, 
  find wally , iberian edition . 
  to germany ? 
  i say we are selling more to china but ... and i sure hope germany stops with this keeping the money stopped thing and starts investing , the seeds wo n't grow if not planted . 
  here the gov idolaterizes german policy and thinks it is pretty funny to avoid investments . 
  really do n't know how they plan to grow . 
  maybe magic . 
  maybe we all go to / r/trees and start producing fun stuff . 
  now why do you say we are selling our country to germany again , besides the clusterf * ck debt problem we obviously have ? 
  port wine !, 
  this . 
  yes . 
  oh god ... does anyone use a nokia here stopped being a question !, 
  disclaimer : before nokia stopped existing !, 
  yes !, 
  oh i should slap myself for not mentioning this . 
  thanks !, 
  and thanks again english for helping us kill the invaders . 
  also forgot to mention my city porto has a nickname for its inhabitants . 
  something like groin eaters/intestine eaters . 
  exactly because of that . 
  we send the meat to help the liberal forces and ate the intestines of the pigs . 
  also probably during the french invasions and also during the discoveries to pack the boats with good meat . 
  burning the cities wo n't work staline . 
  we will eat the burned bricks . 
  with ketchup . 
  oh yes !, 
  how did i miss that plan . 
  epic really . 
  so russians , you try to invade us , we will probably will try to activate your nukes using toy drones and blow you and us at the same time . 
  please , avoid us . 
  we are the strange , unknown , southern cousin of spain , that looks very differently at you from the corner . 
  i will start saying just some bits of history : - that event you just said . 
  we were about to go to war with the greatest empire at the time . 
  literally . 
  so ... long ago , by order : - reconquista , vimara peres went bezerk and conquered a lot of land , helping create the first county of portucale . 
  - d. afonso henriques , our first king , gave no f * cks . 
  fought his mother and conquered everything up to lisbon , and then took lisbon . 
  - we decided to go around africa because why not to steal the trade benefits from venice and the arabs . 
  we managed to do that , and we just a few ships with cannons we gained control of the entire trade network of the indian and arabian seas . 
  - our clearly idiotic king sebastian the first , decided that it was pretty cool to invade morocco with no heir . 
  he died and we went to spain . 
  - spain destroyed our armada and we did n't like them so revolution anyway even though we could be destroyed . 
  - napoleon decides to invade portugal . 
  our king is a pussy and runs to brazil . 
  our british friends help us fight them , they tried three times , the only thing they like to remember is our francesinha when they visit us . 
  - the episode you refered of the pink map . 
  so pink we decided our king needed to paint it red . 
  with is blood . 
  and his son 's blood.viva a republica ? 
  - republicans think world war i is for cool people . 
  we send loads of troops with barely a shirt on . 
  they die like flies . 
  proud anyway ? 
  oh man that guy was nuts . 
  he basically played with hitler , put franco in power ( he hoped to break spain ) , then supported the west at the same time , then decided we should go full fascist and have a massive colonial war with 5 countries at the same time . 
  then he fell of a chair . 
  the regime lasted a bit and we had a revolution . 
  quite a ride . 
  900 years of pure adrenaline . 
  true . 
  our ego does not match our size , and we have a severe inferiority complex . 
  so when they try to intimidate ... we try to bite . 
  oh lord this will go well ... 
  we need to find oil quick to have some american freedom to balance this russian blobbing effect, 
  `` a russian hydrographic ship was detected on tuesday the portuguese exclusive economic zone ( eez ) , in international waters , announced today the portuguese defence minister jose pedro aguiar-branco . 
  the ship was detected , identified and escorted out of the portuguese eez during the night from tuesday to wednesday , having been out of the area this morning , the minister added . 
  `` the mission was accomplished during the night and until the morning , '' . 
  according to aguiar-branco , the ship was identified and escorted by a corvette from the portuguese navy that sailed from faro and made a path to the north . 
  the minister spoke to reporters at the end of a visit to siauliai air base , in northern lithuania , about 200 kilometers from the capital , vilnius , where he visited those found in a policing mission and the nato air surveillance highlighted national forces . 
  `` there is also the ability level of the navy in such a situation to do with the level of readiness required , identification and tracking , as has happened in international airspace , '' he said . 
  last week , twice , f-16s from the portuguese air force ( fap ) and identified russian military planes in international airspace under portuguese jurisdiction . 
  at that time , the defense minister stressed that these operations have demonstrated that `` the system worked '' and assured that `` there working whenever necessary . '', 
  i hope troika ghost avoids a surprise visit in future christmas . 
  http://www.scielo.oces.mctes.pt/scielo.php?pid=s1645-64322008000200004&amp;script=sci_arttext quite interesting :  `` after decades of meetings and divergences , the signing of the treaty of friendship and non-aggression ( the iberian pact ) , just a few days before the end of the spanish civil war ( 3/17/1939 ) , marked the beginning of a new phase in iberian relations , in which the meetings between franco and salazar played a fundamental part . 
  at a time when the two dictatorships were seeking to consolidate their internal position , and against the backdrop of the storm clouds heralding the approach of a new world war , the iberian states agreed to respect each other 's borders and territories , as well as not to lend help to a possible aggressor of the other party . '', 
  although i am pretty sure salazar wanted franco to fail in the beginning .
