  maybe they can fix this . 
  yeap 10 million , the same as portugal . 
  i hope their gov addresses the issue . 
  ignoring it just wo n't work in the long term . 
  would not like to see swedes losing their tolerant attitudes . 
  really hard question this one . 
  either govs try to develop pro integration measures ( forced language teaching lol ? 
  low paid community jobs ? 
  free education for them ? ), 
  or i can see some problems ahead . 
  well we received some syrians , and they tried to leave our country . 
  not even refugees want to work here i guess . 
  lool but srly i mean a refugee status implies they are running away from something , in that case i think the effort should be distributed . 
  maybe someday they will go home ? 
  about the third world immigrants i hear every week in the news that people are trying to cross ceuta 's border . 
  it makes me sad . 
  in a way they are refugees too . 
  i see . 
  i believe it is not racism since if massive groups fail to integrate and live normal lives as the other citizens do , problems will arise . 
  the sudden rise of anti immigration was unexpected , but under context i can understand . 
  gov should have listened to the concerns of the citizens . 
  i hope a new model of integration can be found , or limits to immigration to favor a more integrated option , good for those who want to live there and those who already do . 
  living with no job , no knowledge of the language , no nothing , that ai n't good for them too = / . 
  gov should also seek an option to facilitate integration . 
  i feel like politicians are getting equal everywhere . 
  against me i talk since i am keen on leaving my country . 
  edit : btw ty for the quick answer, 
  but the problem seems to be with the refugees right ? 
  or just general immigration ? 
  also i am very surprised there are no limits to the amount of refugees a country can receive = / . 
  we received some here in portugal and everyone was fine with that but 25 000 i believe it is a lot for just one country . 
  if every country received part of the group , would n't that be better ? 
  they should fly to porto . 
  i want to visit northern europe without having to go to lisbon . 
  we privatised our airports too . 
  they are raising prices ... but i hope they serve my city ( porto ) better . 
  btw why is that bridge being built in cadiz ? 
  last time i checked the old one worked perfectly . 
  investment opportunity rises . 
  thank god i am using duolingo to learn german then , how would i understand the tv when it switched to german ? 
  x.x ( portuguese here ), 
  is basque country planning to do a referendum too ? 
  catalonia and basque i was aware of . 
  do n't know how successful they might be in the future . 
  madrid has the referendum option locked in a box, 
  portugal . 
  not hard to explain, 
  pretty cool . 
  hope you enjoyed it !, 
  also suggest lisbon and porto as future visits , or madeira and azores if you love nature . 
  omg do not even mention that idiot . 
  damn that was really stupid of him : /, 
  that replaced all our high ranks by spanish or people in favor of phillips . 
  ignored our colonial empire . 
  used our armada ( that went well too ) . 
  and totally wasted our country . 
  union was just name . 
  meh i think this is different . 
  but i know the feeling . 
  i believe catalunya should be auto determined , ( portugal was once spain , ask me and i still think we did quite well ... oh nevermind ) , but i assume the reasons to this increase in desire of freedom was money . 
  crisis , easy to blame the others . 
  same here in portugal but we usually blame europe or germany for being to rich . 
  we never blame our 35 years of pure money wasting due to corruption . 
  no ... it was europe and the portuguese that wasted all their money in a house . 
  what scares me is not catalunya wishing to be independent . 
  they have their right , they should choose , and take the consequences too . 
  you are free to choose your destiny , whatever that might be . 
  what scares me is russia honestly.fascism preys the freedom of the weak . 
  that is the difference . 
  catalunya just wants her freedom . 
  russia ( putin ) wants the opposite . 
  * that is the purpose * x.x quiet . 
  that is one hell of a problem . 
  i think when someone goes to another country they should at least learn the language and try to integrate ( i do not mean abandoning religion , i mean trying to integrate ) take me as an example . 
  i plan to get out of my country , in the future . 
  i have in my priority list to learn the language , get to know the country better , visit a few times . 
  and then go there . 
  if i went there with no language , no job and no intentions of learning it ... what is sad is that this will cut and affect a lot of people that want to go and work and do their best in the countries . 
  well i view it as this : sweden has achieved what most countries wish to achieve ( at least most ? 
  i do n't know ) , in terms of social welfare etc. 
  so , we secretly hope sweden keeps succeeding . 
  it serves as a good example . 
  whenever people here in portugal say : `` hey this is all going to burn and there will be no health , education and whatever and only the rich will live '' i answer `` well maybe we can try and be more like sweden '' that wo n't work if sweden collapses somehow . 
  that would be terrible . 
  that would prove their point . 
  yap , galicia is quite similar to us . 
  the streets of vigo remind me of porto . 
  the streets of santiago remind me of north and central portugal . 
  and the people are almost like us , except for the weird xh xh xh xh abuse when speaking xd, 
  portuguese , spanish and english . 
  currently trying deutsch and swedish . 
  i also know a bit of french , maybe when i have more time i will improve it . 
  portugal : - 3 people died in a rally : http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/636071/3-dead-as-car-smashes-into-crowd-at-portugal-rally - we lost to albania in aveiro stadium ( football ) . 
  cr7 was not playing . 
  - gov is very happy with this -  http://www.theportugalnews.com/news/portugal-leaps-up-world-economic-forum-competitiveness-list/32648 . 
  nobody knows how . 
  - tap , the national airline company , is having daily problems with delays and planes . 
  in other news the gov wants to sell it cheap . 
  or mine ( portugal ) . 
  yeap , it seems universal .
