  this will put independence in a totally different perspective , very different from what happened in scotland ), 
  laziness is the mother of all inventions . 
  i wish that was the case , if spain is like portugal , it is happening the same thing . 
  people are leaving our country to go to germany , scandinavia , gb , etc. 
  portugal is working very hard to win this competition . 
  how will you respond croatia ? 
  also congratulations to spain and greece for the clear win , you are our example !, 
  together we shall be all unemployed . 
  may the odds be forever in our favor . 
  i have retiped this message 5 times , and i this bothers me a lot . 
  i am ashamed of my country . 
  in denmark they pay you to study , and you seem to want to both study , and work !, 
  here , you have to pay to study , even with access to a scholarship it is not easy . 
  i was going to say for you to try a scholarship abroad , like norway or something but the education i think is free only for nationals . 
  i was going to say that you could try doing small jobs here and extra bucks on the internet but that ai n't going to pay 900 euros a year + food . 
  have you tried to search for non specialised jobs outside major cities in europe ? 
  you can practice languages for free using the internet and maybe push for a interview to prove language skills . 
  i do n't think getting to university will solve much , many skilled higher educated citizens left our country recently ( germany , london , scandinavia ) . 
  many of my friends either left or , like me , are in the limbo . 
  i am still completing formation but if things remain the same i will have to leave my country due to a probable overload in my area . 
  ( medicine ), 
  as a fellow portuguese i am sad . 
  this is the state of our nation = / in norway education is free and promoted , so anyone can learn and develop their skills . 
  here , one develops skills but needs to pay so they can get a certificate . 
  have you considered going out ? 
  portuguese here , i am fluent in english , i can speak spanish , i am learning german and next year i will begin with swedish/norwegian . 
  i was taught french but i would say i am only a2 . 
  man , languages are great !, 
  a genetic shift from type a influenza virus would be dangerous , ebola ... not so much if under control . 
  what happened in spain is dangerous because for the first time the virus might be there , spreading , slowly , one drop of blood/bodily fluid at a time . 
  and since the incubation period is 21 days ... in 15 days we will probably know if any other contagium happened . 
  i will leave this here : `` human-to-human transmission can occur via direct contact with blood or bodily fluids from an infected person ( including embalming of an infected dead person ) or by contact with objects contaminated by the virus , particularly needles and syringes . 
  [ 17 ] other body fluids with ebola virus include saliva , mucus , vomit , feces , sweat , tears , breast milk , urine , and semen . 
  entry points include the nose , mouth , eyes , or open wounds , cuts and abrasions . 
  [ 18 ] the potential for widespread evd infections is considered low as the disease is only spread by direct contact with the secretions from someone who is showing signs of infection . 
  [ 17 ] the symptoms limit a person 's ability to spread the disease as they are often too sick to travel '' and : `` one of the primary reasons for spread is that the health systems in the part of africa where the disease occurs function poorly . 
  [ 24 ] medical workers who do not wear appropriate protective clothing may contract the disease . 
  [ 25 ] hospital-acquired transmission has occurred in african countries due to the reuse of needles and lack of universal precautions . 
  [ 26 ] [ 27 ] some healthcare centers caring for people with the disease do not have running water . 
  do n't worry , our politics do not represent the integrity of our people too . 
  i guess it is the same everywhere =( ( sad trombone funeral song ), 
  in recent news portugal is digging a trench around itself and filling it with water , being officially an island with no access whatsoever . 
  that is a totally different message . 
  in that case they should evaluate their values seriously . 
  classifying people according to the amount of melanin they produce in their skin . 
  oh men , humans never stop surprising me . 
  browner , whiter , are we in art school making degrades ? 
  pff please i am so post post post modernist that i am ancient egyptian again . 
  well we got a taste of that with anchorage , but it would be very cool to see a fallout in shanghai . 
  i imagine something like blade runner with the venetian decadence . 
  only available in russian . 
  future dlc : - finland the winter has come - scandinavian midnight suns - breaking the walls in berlin - paris avec amour - london nuclear eye - rome was destroyed in a day - vienna from russia - czech mate - hungary for more - bratislavian vodkas - got a feel some spain - irish coffee now with vodka - swiss say cheese , caboom - belgium and the atomium - the netherlands now with even lower lands - romania socialist dream - jugosl\u00e1via update - oh i forgot portugal - the red planet earth final dlc, 
  release date november 2014 ? 
  thank you !, 
  anyone has a spare peep boy ? 
  how can i ask for a flair ? 
  hope this time they do . 
  they are saying in 20 years man will be on mars . 
  ... for the last 20 years, 
  i am sorry but france failed hard in conquering portugal . 
  we and our british friends successfully prevented 3 !!!, 
  invasion attempts . 
  they got only temporary control over some regions , they never reached lisbon , so no ... trying and failing is not a successful attempt . 
  the last time we were conquered was by no one . 
  unless you consider the suicide mission of our king sebastian to morocco with no heir to be a conquest by the spanish upon which i have to answer no . 
  portugal , was indeed never conquered or invaded ( successfully - sorry napoleon , you should have come here personally ), 
  civil war . 
  it happened once . 
  or twice . 
  * insert too much time under the sun and not working clich\u00e9 *, 
  hi brother . 
  let us celebrate how orange and yellow our countries look . 
  putin says yes of course , an independent nation !, 
  disclaimer : within mother russia of course . 
  wow that is uber portuguese . 
  i was going to say super bock . 
  cool !, 
  i really do n't want to die due to a prolapsed \u00e2nus . 
  exactly !, 
  fatima !, 
  wow awesome !, 
  it is also funny because fatima is like a major religious name here in portugal . 
  i was not aware of its roots . 
  amazing . 
  another piece of my history discovered . 
  thanks !, 
  oh that explains it . 
  here in portugal we are getting money and low taxes . 
  yeah and unicorns, 
  i wish i had white walkers then . 
  i have a pair of rubber ducks . 
  i speak fluent english , and almost everyone at my university used to speak english . 
  you literally ca n't study medicine without knowing english . 
  same old . 
  i hope to leave someday soon . 
  also f * paulo bento, 
  vatican city 428 7 % wow, 
  we are a rectangle, 
  you know what is awkward ? 
  the people of my neighbour country saying exactly the same we do .
