  http://www.tripadvisor.com.br/restaurant_review-g189180-d953422-reviews-restaurante_bufete_fase-porto_porto_district_northern_portugal.html the negative aspect of the tasca is ... well . . it is a tasca . 
  do not expect fancy stuff , we have plenty of good restaurants with that , in fact i could give you a list of restaurants , but this is the closest to a tasca experience , the true porto tasca from my childhood memories . 
  francesinha is the obvious choice here . 
  it depends , modern tascas are just regular restaurants with tapas basically . 
  the real tascas well those are nearly extinct . 
  clerigos , recently renovated , with a museum and the best views of the city . 
  also the area around the tower is the `` to go place '' of porto , for food/party/drinks / coffee . 
  ribeira , to see the river , the bridges , to have some wine . 
  also since it is blazing hot here , try the boat trip under the 6 bridges . 
  get lost in our streets , from rua das flores , to mouzinho da silveira , to santa catarina , porto lives , and the only way to live it is walking around . 
  be aware , it is quite hilly . 
  palacio da bolsa , for me the jewel of porto , with its arab room . 
  located near ribeira . 
  if you are into museums and great gardens please do visit serralves instead , located between foz and boavista , where casa da musica is located . 
  foz at the end of the day , take the bus , it takes a while but you can relax at the beach , visit parque da cidade , have some drinks , and enjoy our weather . 
  this should fill 2 days , in fact you might not have time to do everything . 
  there is much more to discover here , and around . 
  douro is the place if you like driving . 
  try it during summer time . 
  winter is quite deadly around there . 
  3 things : - the food , including the wine . 
  francesinhas , tripas \u00e0 moda do porto and the wine that makes every dinner with friends great . 
  - how pretty the city and the region actually are . 
  i have been around europe and i ca n't find similar places , the closest are probably in galiza . 
  walking around porto since i was born and i am not bored yet . 
  the river has also some of the best views you can get in europe . 
  - the people of porto . 
  people make the difference , you might live in a beautiful place , but what makes it special ? 
  the people . 
  they feel the connection to the region and to the cities they live in ( braga , guimar\u00e3es , povoa , etc ) and they transmit that . 
  they are often , as the portuguese in general are , welcoming , engaging , and quite direct to the point here in porto . 
  the parties , the traditions , and our motivation towards our region makes even a new tree in the city sound special . 
  so when everything around you means something to you , the place gains a new definition too , home . 
  and i like to think that when people visit porto , even for one day , they feel that little bit of our home . 
  some say it is just the food , maybe they are right , ca n't really blame them xd, 
  thanks !, 
  loads of connections to europe people , no excuses  !, 
  yeap they seem to have a lot of difficulty understanding us . 
  problematic during my trips to spain . 
  had to learn with duolingo to effectively avoid using english in spain . 
  the one in douro , from pinh\u00e3o to regua . 
  http://www.ipressjournal.pt/a-estrada-peso-da-regua-ao-pinhao-e-world-best-driving-road/ i personally love the one in madeira , that goes up to the encumeada, 
  portuguese from porto , north of portugal . 
  ask what you like about the city/region . 
  sorry bros =( we still love you though galiza !, 
  wet as the ocean . 
  drugs are not legal , they are decriminalized . 
  you ca n't sell or walk around with over a certain amount of illegal substances with you . 
  but you can consume it , and you wo n't go to jail for it . 
  you will be fined however . 
  we see it as an addiction , a disease such as tobacco consumption , and it is treated as a disease , with quite good results since people usually will tell you what they consume , how much , etc. 
  ( i am a doctor here ) . 
  curiously people are much more reluctant to talk about their alcoholism . 
  ok ... ei spain , let us get together and start our own eurozone government , iberia !, 
  ( * you must have gazpacho in the national gastronomy to join ) ( ** sunny days are 80 % guaranteed ) ( *** we almost understand each other without a translator . 
  almost ), 
  is it a permanent exposition ? 
  pretty cool !, 
  let me think . 
  hard to choose . 
  well i think i have to say spain . 
  a mega rectangle . 
  people all over the world would be like '' what is that thing ?? '', 
  we were almost soviet in the 70s . 
  do n't ask me how or why . 
  those damned mongols . 
  yeah !!!, 
  and you are the best and the worst at the same time . 
  because you are the only neighbor we have !, 
  eheh i really like spain, 
  it looks like those airport flags . 
  they should hire a designer or something . 
  or just place the map over a white background . 
  yes i think so, 
  yeap 1 elected, 
  this . 
  i use london as a hub . 
  also i want uk to grow because if trade partners grow , we grow . 
  they have the best food and the best wine . 
  tomato soup from alentejo with aged cheese as a side plate with regional wine x.x dauuummm, 
  true and also about alentejanos . 
  we also have a daily tool named after our dictator . 
  has anyone ever crossed the border ? 
  my car ca n't cross dunes and i heard our trains also do n't fare particularly well . 
  i have always wondered if there are any camels or pyramids . 
  maybe even france somewhere out there . 
  well after i saw that report in tvi i was pretty shocked . 
  in europe doing that ? 
  well i recently saw a news report here in portugal about how your country 's social security makes money stealing portuguese babies . 
  that did n't help . 
  green areas and we need a useful bus network ( porto portugal ) . 
  i agree . 
  highways , shoppings , roads to everywhere , an international airport , hospitals . 
  still loads of nature around the main city . 
  so true !, 
  maybe he is a martian . 
  now they say he is from pakistan but who knows right ? 
  i read you had a flag sticker on your cat . 
  sounded pretty hardcore to me to try to put a flag on the face of a cat . 
  turkey is learning from portugal 1939 .
