  are you british ? 
  say no - `` no '' . 
  venice is a bit eastern : c we are totally central . 
  i think i would have to pay 1 euro for my five cents . 
  do americans want to have the euro ? 
  we are offering it , 75 % discount . 
  buses no but headless metropolitans yes . 
  and buses / cars are nearing automation . 
  construction in massive scale probably will be automated , more specific , human driven tasks no . 
  plumbing or fixing small things require a lot of in loco specific data , robots can not handle that yet . 
  mcdonalds needs humans to sell food , the human factor is essential . 
  to produce the burgers not so much , but then again too many variables ? 
  teaching might be substituted by online learning , but still teachers will be needed to produce content , evaluate progress and provide help . 
  robots will come , but they wo n't remove as much as they will change jobs . 
  i am a starting doctor and i do want a ibm super computer to help me . 
  maybe they wo n't need 100 doctors , and i will be fired , but maybe a city with just 1 doctor needs another one , even with ibm supercomputer/robodoctor . 
  or maybe i will do science . 
  who knows . 
  when cars arrived probably being a horse was not a good option . 
  if horses could drive they would probably drive taxis . 
  i do not know how to finish this horrible metaphor . 
  moustache pussy http://www.hipsterkitty.com/wp-content/uploads/yapb_cache/cat_with_mustache.4z4w4rnpfsv484kcc00ckgkws.f469i2i529gz4sgkk84cgc000.th.jpeg pun intended, 
  yes !, 
  the moustache !, 
  how could i forget that . 
  every woman here has a nice manly moustache . 
  i now imagine italy as the leg , portugal as the face , spain as the massive curly hair , and greece the hand . 
  cyprus is nsfw edit : typos . 
  edit 2 : i am sorry everyone , cause i created a monster http://imgur.com/036prqj, 
  man he describes spain but i see portugal . 
  god , we are so corrupt . 
  euros e c\u00eantimos . 
  no no , portugal 's flag has a sphere in the center that encloses the national shield . 
  it is common to represent the flag as green yellow and red . 
  if uk leave it opens a precedent . 
  either to throw countries out or to leave at first turbulence . 
  i sure hope that , my country can not provide me space to improve , in fact they are cutting my choices for specialisation ( i am a doctor , very fresh one ) , and i really wanted to follow a field but my only option might be abroad . 
  it makes me sad to see the spirit of eu crushed by ... eu itself , but let us hope . 
  all good to you also my friend , feel free to visit portugal anytime , 
  that yellow is just because of you know * coff * , to match our flag center yeah , * coff * yeah that 's it . 
  i am proud . 
  * walks away crying like a teenage girl *, 
  ukip , that guy that is always with a beer in is hand . 
  yeah sound like some politicians we have now , similar to the ones in italy ( they say popular things , gain votes , bad things happen next ) . 
  i think the mp system is different , we vote for parties and they assign places in the parliament . 
  they are trying to change the system and make us vote for the person and not for the % . 
  currently we have no saying whatsoever in who goes to the parliament . 
  just recently we were able to vote in primaries ( similar to usa i think ? ) . 
  barroso left our country in the middle of the downfall . 
  after that it was a long way down , until now . 
  guess who wants to be the next president of portugal ? 
  yes , barroso ... no confirmations , just rumours , and he would be up against guterres , another one that left the pm place in the middle of a crisis . 
  the recent growth of eu , followed by the crisis , was really miscalculated . 
  if we continued to grow like we used to , no problem . 
  romania , poland and etc would quickly develop . 
  but with the crisis , growth was not that good , adding to that many countries such as mine went up in flames . 
  we used to be immigrant receivers too , but now i bet a romanian would rather stay at home . 
  germany was an exception and received/receives loads of immigrants . 
  switzerland basically voted to close the borders ( to bad for them , good for me , wo n't get fat with their delicious chocolate ) , the nordic countries gained loads of population ( and they are having issues , i heard here that the immigrant population does not integrate , does not work , does nothing basically = / ) , and uk , with is own coin was less affected by the euro madness ( i am uber septic of my coin , a central bank with no political power is useless ) . 
  uk is in fact the place of choice of many of my friends . 
  again the emotional factor is always a problem when arguing this problem . 
  saying that i want border regulation and limits to immigration would be kind of saying i am shutting down doors for my future , and my friends future , and my so 's future . 
  but , and once again thank you for the detailed answer , seeing from your perspective , immigration with the current economy is probably causing social issues in your nation . 
  so this should be discussed between every country of eu to see what can be done . 
  how can we fix the jobless rates in the southern countries , and how can we help the eastern countries develop faster ( besides throwing money for roads ) . 
  i hope this new leadership in europe is able to guide us to a better future , we must put europe growing again . 
  and who knows when the time comes for me to go find a job outside this place i wo n't have to worry a lot about restrictions . 
  oh ... the magnificent ham . 
  essential for every sandwich . 
  must point out that the portuguese make clear distinctions between hams . 
  fiambre -  `` ham '' http://www.hipersuper.pt/wp-content/uploads/2009/01/fiambre.jpg . 
  thank you for the detailed text !, 
  actually really good explanation . 
  i got to say when i read here in / r/europe , the arguments against immigration within europe , i see it from my eyes / most of portuguese eyes . 
  our recent mass immigration is mostly composed by skilled workers . 
  young people , as me , that went through college , got education , worked a bit , but found themselves jobless ( no economy can grow without investment in new companies/ideas/science ... ) . 
  so many of us , and many of my friends went to sweden , germany , switzerland and to the uk . 
  literally 350.000 in the last 2 years according to some sources , non official says even more ... 
  when people here argue they do n't want immigrants , it really strikes me in the heart , it sounds `` i do n't want people like you , living here '' . 
  but , with your perspective i can see things a bit like they were once here , when the ukrainian and brazilian immigrants arrived in portugal . 
  unskilled jobs were being taken by them , but our economy was booming . 
  when we crashed to the ground , things got bad . 
  they had no homes , everyone started complaining about them , we had no money , we could n't afford paying them anything . 
  a disaster basically . 
  then our economy went really really really bad , and most of them just left . 
  we barely have new immigrants , just from old african colonies , and some that stayed here and found their place . 
  a `` wall '' that filters those who have a job and are skilled from the others could solve the problem indeed . 
  if the `` wall '' is needed to prevent uk from leaving eu for good , then ok , i would really be pissed if uk left , it makes no sense to me ( barroso is an ass ) . 
  but only temporary , someday this might get better , 
  that is very nice  although money would n't be the main driver , probably for me stability and the opportunity to develop would be the top priorities . 
  portugal is kinda lacking there ... 
  i shall do more research about ireland . 
  i do agree with you , our passport is also very good to get visas anywhere ( one of the most wanted also ) , but eu offers some nice things too . 
  i know probably you do n't feel that as much but for example i can go to spain with no passport . 
  spain is just one hour away . 
  i have no traffic at the border . 
  i have no one asking me anything . 
  i go to vigo , have lunch , buy something for dinner and head home . 
  i go to vigo , and i really do n't feel any difference . 
  i know people that work there , and live in portugal .
