  ( portuguese here ), 
  milk powered rockets . 
  it is the future dude . 
  the future . 
  i tried to stop mamboing . 
  here i am , mamboing . 
  edit : apparently i can not write . 
  oh yes lisbon . 
  i am from porto , can confirm that . 
  ( how could i forget that o.o ) i guess bragan\u00e7a is our closest alentejo ? 
  portugal . 
  you want to live in nowhere ? 
  still very pretty for tourism  no trains . 
  no highways until recently . 
  very hot during summer . 
  very cold during winter . 
  in the mountains . 
  3h travel to the nearest airport . 
  wow what a coincidence x.x, 
  did not know that : / well portugal does not have the best record ( inquisition basically killed millions ) , and cases like that happened longer ago ( although they did happen ) . 
  but about the church they used to have great influence in the state during `` estado novo '' including in schools , but know that power is more limited . 
  the fact that your country 's educational system is ran by the church and if the church as that much influence in your country how is it if you ( like many young people in my country ) just do n't want to go ou participate in the catholic events ? 
  it seems there is no separation between state and religion since education is the spine of a society . 
  hum there is a direct flight from lisbon . 
  what is the best time to visit norway ? 
  what happened ? 
  recently or in the past ? 
  wow great numbers , happy to hear that  i sure hope next spring a direct route from here opens . 
  many people ; here including me wish to visit greece , 
  with such a nice history and such a nice airport and such nice new infrastructures , just pump low cost airliners and tourism will grow believe me . 
  i am from porto in portugal , and 10 years ago our airport was a joke and few people visited the city . 
  now the number of tourists is increasing , the number of hotels being built is amazing , the streets are no longer decaying and exports , start ups are also growing  . 
  also i strongly suggest a low cost to porto , since i want to visit greece a lot :d, 
  wow i really want to visit the baltics , every time i hear about you makes me want to high five you . 
  ( portugal ), 
  portugal - bes ( private bank ) is falling apart . 
  any links to the carcavelos project ? 
  agree !, 
  but too much garlic and many people won t like it :( i love garlic though, 
  tomato pasta : - olive oil - 1 garlic knob - half onion - 4 tomatos , - spargheti , you can try different types - beer - bacon - put the olive oil in a pot . 
  the had the sliced onion and garlic . 
  maximum heat till it is golden . 
  then minimum . 
  had the bacon/presunto . 
  both are good . 
  maximum power again . 
  then had the sliced tomatos with the juice . 
  let it boil a bit ( tomatos must be really mature ) . 
  - then add beer . 
  let it boil away . 
  white wine is also good . 
  no red wine . 
  - test for salt . 
  you should now have a semi red pasta with stuff in it . 
  - add boiling water , do not fill the pot , just enough . 
  we want the juice . 
  - let it boil , check for salt . 
  - add the pasta . 
  do not let the pasta be too soft . 
  - maximum power . 
  always check the pasta . 
  when it is half soft , but still a bit hard take it away and serve in a soup bowl . 
  - add fried egg for maximum taste . 
  salsa is also good . 
  so problems in the balkans . 
  i read that once somewhere . 
  probably just an old story , a hundred years old perhaps . 
  we do n't really look like germany or sweden . 
  they would be here if we were somewhere in austria or hungary . 
  turns out we just border spain.and the ocean , neither very appealing for them it seems . 
  well se have top notch infrastructure and also a huge debt . 
  i guess germany is doing better, 
  i am actually grateful even though nobody wants to come here / can even reach us through the ocean . 
  without that fence it there would be a constant flux, 
  yeap not only that but also free qualified masses from those countries . 
  the portuguese tend to amend everything and improvise along the way . 
  sometimes it does not work . 
  not political though !, 
  another example : the portuguese responsible for the national archive wanted to put online every document due to lack of space and what not . 
  so he ordered to destroy every document after being placed online . 
  * a worker * but are you going to destroy all these ancient paper documents ? 
  * national archive boss * thank you for the warning !, 
  you are absolutely correct , make a paper copy too !, 
  a portuguese , a spanish and an italian rally drivers are being tested by a mercedes german copilot , to be hired for the new team . 
  they must follow the instructions , finish first and survive one of the most dangerous routes in europe , located in madeira.for this purpose , the german copilot will use the radio and a webcam , efficient and safe . 
  the italian * over radio * german : let 's start . 
  the italian takes the road like a real fangio , turn by turn around the mountains of the island , not very fast , and following every instruction from the german . 
  * german * watch out , hard turn left , be careful . 
  * italian * no preocupare io knowi como do it the italian does a perfect semi circunference at a moderate speed and accelerates ahead . 
  * over radio * german : good , but you could have been faster and more efficient !, 
  the spaniard : * over radio * german : ok , hope you do es besser . 
  the spaniard has no fear . 
  he knows these roads , they remind him of canarias , his home , so he just keeps pressing the accelerator , no fear , just speed . 
  the italian will surely lose . 
  * german * watch out , hard turn left , be careful . 
  * spaniard * que pasa chico ? 
  i going to beat el italiano . 
  it is like mi home here . 
  the spaniard presses the accelerator . 
  maximum speed .
