  milk however did get cheaper . 
  white label milk , usually from spain . 
  recently i have n't seen any news about wasted milk so i am guessing that was somehow fixed . 
  correct . 
  that 's the problem with northern portugal / interior . 
  the south has a much more modern/tech view of agriculture . 
  hum . 
  tackling the problem with education would not be very efficient since they need people with other degrees to develop as a modern country . 
  very good point . 
  maybe the option then is helping them build infrastructure and getting better education first , as it was done with portugal in the past . 
  well the problem is that moldova has no way to compete decently except with agriculture and a few other primary sectors . 
  it would take decades and millions for it to reach current eu average with artificial stimulus of their non competitive/non existing sectors . 
  also with eu rules food has to have some standards , and that is the only subsides all eu members should have ( to avoid the bad contaminated nightmares ), 
  well true but it would work like in korea , first agriculture then textile then low tech then high tech . 
  much smoother and natural transition , avoiding wasting millions in pumping up a non existing economy . 
  well their geopolitical location is n't ideal but look france subsidizes its agriculture , we do the same to compete with france , lots of money wasted and higher prices for food products . 
  but hear me out , agriculture represents less than 5 % of our jobs if i am not mistaken , so no harm done in letting the markets work . 
  as for moldova , and ukraine , no subsides would allow them to rise . 
  as they are right now they are too vulnerable . 
  making them more vulnerable is not a good idea . 
  as for our agriculture , i love all your cheeses so that demand ai n't going to change , and you are also very good with bio only products so there is that . 
  also your wine . 
  and we are good with olives , and wine too and red fruits . 
  oranges also . 
  hum and milk . 
  as a union our food power will increase and we will specialise in what we do best . 
  meh it depends . 
  if we did n't subsidise agriculture moldova and ukraine could effectively provide us with cheaper food and grow fast their economies . 
  also cheap labor . 
  he is a great player  do n't underestimate aged wine . 
  it is often the best . 
  pretty easy i would say . 
  english fluency among the younger generation is pretty high , and most people know enough to give you the information you need . 
  exceptions : elder people and remote regions ( like pretty remote ) . 
  my generation and the next are getting taller , due to better nutrition . 
  that 's just it ( 1975 we started our democratization process and ended the african wars , which were like vietnam to usa , except we were very small and not very rich -  poverty and food shortages ) 2 . 
  yes , i agree . 
  yeap i keep saying this , and i ca n't actually explain it but russians do sound like portuguese when i am travelling . 
  awkward when i try to understand at a distance and it sounds like giberish . 
  we have very good oranges apparently . 
  i am pretty sure that is the explanation . 
  some southeastern indo-european tongues name the orange after portugal , which was formerly the main source of import of sweet oranges . 
  examples are bulgarian and macedonian portokal [ \u043f\u043e\u0440\u0442\u043e\u043a\u0430\u043b ] , greek portokali [ \u03c0\u03bf\u03c1\u03c4\u03bf\u03ba\u03ac\u03bb\u03b9 ] , romanian portocal\u0103 , and persian porteghal [ \u067e\u0631\u062a\u0642\u0627\u0644 ] . 
  also , in southern italian dialects ( e.g. 
  neapolitan ) , an orange is portogallo or purtuallo , literally '' ( the ) portuguese ( one ) '' . 
  some non-european languages also refer to the fruit and/or tree similarly : turkish portakal , arabic al-burtuqal [ \u0627\u0644\u0628\u0631\u062a\u0642\u0627\u0644 ] , georgian phortokhali [ \u10e4\u10dd\u10e0\u10d7\u10dd\u10ee\u10d0\u10da\u10d8 ] , and amharic birtukan . 
  wikipedia, 
  tavira . 
  really top notch . 
  well to be fair my uncle went to brazil , and he is a baker , and has a big moustache . 
  yet his name is n't manuel . 
  thanks , i really like them too !, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trindade_station was actually designed by eduardo souto moura , one of the best from our city , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eduardo_souto_de_moura . 
  other buildings and stations were also designed by him . 
  i think there is a tour just for our modern architecture here . 
  do n't give up  sometimes they are not listed in the main websites  good luck for your future !, 
  com have a good variety . 
  sorry about the formating . 
  i also suggest using linked in , some industries have already good offers through it . 
  thanks i do hope so and i hope you someday visit porto or/and settle around here , 
  it depends on the area . 
  some tech sectors and industries are on the rise here , tourism sector is also rising . 
  yet other areas are really not good . 
  language might be a barrier if you are looking for customer interactions , it is not a problem usually to other areas but it really depends on what you are looking . 
  if you are looking for startups we have startup braga , startup lisbon and uptec porto / start up porto . 
  the economy is rising again , but if you do n't have an entrepreneurial mind , things will be hard . 
  massive migration has occurred in the recent years mostly to germany and uk . 
  but optimism is the key i guess . 
  i am currently working as a doctor and i am planning to someday leave too . 
  but i have also hope , that one day when i finish my speciality i start my own company or get in one of these startups related to med tech . 
  who knows . 
  so it can be really hard to get a job or it might be just the place for you . 
  i mean starting a company here is relatively easy now and we have a nice weather . 
  food is not expensive.renting meh but not too bad if you split . 
  hum and more and more people are interested in creating their own job so . 
  hard to answer that with a polarizing question . 
  porto is n't better than lisbon . 
  they are totally different cities . 
  and that 's the thing . 
  once you visit porto and lisbon , it feels like two separate identities . 
  lisbon is the capital , juicy and huge for obvious reasons , filled with museums , with tejo ending there , with wide views over the white and yellow bairros . 
  light rules lisbon , and you can find the post earthquake architecture that design modern lisbon everywhere . 
  lisboa is sardines , santos populares , bairros , the two bridges , and belem saying hello to the ocean . 
  you can feel portugal from the discovery age there . 
  it feels like the stereotypical portugal , filled with fado and saudade . 
  porto is stone . 
  it is dark , grey , wet in the winter , hot in the summer . 
  the river crosses the city , breaking it in two cities , with clifs with over 90 m , hills filled with houses , with stone and multiple colors filling the space between the windows . 
  it was not destroyed , ever , so every street is narrow , closed in it 's history , showing only narrow bits of sky to the living veins of the streets down bellow . 
  it also pulses with modernity , with every corner now filling with cafes , tascas , bars , pubs , fashion stores , whatever really . 
  architecture now rules the city , the old being totally renovated , and the new structures rising here and there . 
  two different cities , same country . 
  i would have to say porto asks to be explored . 
  i can give you a detailed route around lisbon , but from porto the best thing you can do is just finding out yourself . 
  unfortunately for the city that might not be quite desirable for many tourists . 
  the best promoters of our city are in fact those that have visited it before , and that says it all . 
  yeap if you are not the driver please do take metoclopramida before going . 
  although nearly extinct , i have one for you . 
  unfortunately the owner likes to enjoy his life ( did i say unfortunately ? 
  ) , so in august it is closed .
