you can do what you like champ . 
  [ one could even call them gentlemen bombers . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwkeeqxt3uq ), 
  since the arse fell out of the economy and tens of thousands shipped away , it 's still quite relevant in it 's themes . 
  but overall it 's more universal than it gets credit for . 
  great play . 
  lots of people from further afield who do n't know the nuance or back story make the same logical jump too . 
  sure , not so succinct though when one of the islands is n't mostly british . 
  personally i could n't give a toss , there is n't a better term but it 's not accurate and given that it is n't and our collective rocky history and the origin of the term i can understand why it grates on those who would have a problem . 
  call it what you like , at least concede that for a large swathe of the geography it 's not exactly pc . 
  an extremely useful political term which was created to spread the meme of british dominion over ireland ? 
  you can kind of see why some would have a problem . 
  lol , too right . 
  they can be wild already , i 'll give you that . 
  upsides and downsides to that , though . 
  huh , i see . 
  what was it that you liked about irish women . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not doubting you but we 're not the most photogenic of people out there . 
  irish women ? 
  in a positive or negative light ? 
  where are you from ? 
  in ireland , the stereotypes for polish are that the men are stoic , great / hardworking construction workers , love the gym , down a lot of vodka . 
  the women are seen as slim and beautiful but slightly cold in their demeanor . 
  would n't be hard to come across this way in relation to the irish . 
  all this probably goes for all central / eastern europeans , if i 'm honest . 
  scots use of local slang ( or vice versa , the slang comes from scots and thrown into conversation when speaking english ) can be quite different from english . 
  if we used all our slang ( where ever your from in the english speaking world ) as officially part of the language , then yeah i 'd agree that scots and english are quite different . 
  after living in scotland i can quite easily read a book in scots , once i get into it . 
  the same way once you get into reading lord of the flies you can understand the `` made up words '' . 
  i was mostly messing above , all languages are `` made up '' to some extent but it is debatable whether scots or ulster scots are dialects or a local sub-set of english , i suppose . 
  probably not worth an argument if , ulster scots especially , is less valid as a stand alone language . 
  just might seem that way because it 's relatively understandable to an english speaker once you get into the swing of it . 
  exactly , lol !, 
  it is . 
  i got a good chuckle out of two of you , you should take the act on the road . 
  it 's not all bad mate , agreed . 
  same as anywhere , you 'll have your shit schools . 
  to be fair though , i think the germans ' schooling is miles ahead of ireland and the uk on average so they might be onto something . 
  does n't count as it 's a fictional language , ha ha !, 
  read it . 
  it 's interesting in a way for trying to understand the mechanics of the guy but it 's boring as fuck too . 
  ditto for uk residents in ireland , north and south , to a point . 
  you can say that , and he did . 
  its just simply and clearly not in irish people 's interests to rejoin the union . 
  its not merely about liking a brand of politics or nationalism , in practical terms there is no overall benefit . 
  after my general wut when you lads voted out , i said , well , good for them if that 's what they want . 
  even though i reckon the fall out is n't worth it for the pros you could possibly gain , going on that train of thought , fair enough . 
  even though the fall out is going to have an awful effect on ireland in the medium term i thought , still , the people there must want it badly and things will come right eventually , we 'll all get over it down the line . 
  then i started following the political fallout and watching the buyers remorse . 
  grim for now , all of this . 
  i genuinely feel sorry for the uk now , it trumps my fears of what it 's going to do to us here . 
  lol . 
  possible , but to the detriment of your agri business , manufacturing , freedom of movement and labour for your citizens , tarriffs on all your exported goods , and so on . 
  the one pro for several cons that could n't possibly sustain your economy in the short term . 
  no , i understand that . 
  but it 's more so largely that our concerns align because of our trade percentages , our border and how our economies are set-up . 
  we do n't care so much about the issue of bank passporting , although we may benefit if it 's blocked , we could gain there but we will lose elsewhere on the compromise . 
  i can not see a net gain , however . 
  our main concerns are , the border and the peace process in ni , agricultural trade between us and the uk and tariffs between us . 
  whatever deal is hashed out it 's , given that the uk is leaving , even if we have veto to shape the narrative , is going to mean we lose on some things and gain on others in the eventual deal . 
  the stark fact is that whichever deal the uk is given is going to be less desirable for us in ireland than what we currently enjoy because the rest of the eu 's concerns are at play also . 
  we 'll be taking a bite of a shit sandwich either way , more so than other eu countries . 
  that is my point . 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's all going to effect all the eu and the uk , just in proportionally different ways . 
  fremdschamen in hiberno english is summed up in the phrase , `` scarlet for ya ! '' . 
  not as elegant as the german , obviously . 
  i ca n't see ireland not getting fucked on several key issues which effect us . 
  not giving preferential treatment to an ex-eu state to deter other current members from trying similar is going to trump suiting ireland . 
  this whole thing is a clusterfuck and given we had no say on brexit , it 's particularly tragic that it 's ireland 's arse closest to the bacon slicer on this one . 
  i 've read the whole of this , it 's like pure bile for all involved in ni and there is nothing realistic about it , as a plan , for moving forward or as a commentary on gfa . 
  i even tried to put myself in his shoes at the time it was written and it still comes across as hateful ideology with no grounding in practicality . 
  you 'd have to be particularly unaware to think any of that shit could fly as diplomatically setting out your stall of ideas . 
  are people unaware of this ? 
  on the flipside , he 'd be buried ( either unelectable or not attractive to the average voter at the very very least ) for publishing something similar about the uk if he was standing for election in an irish house , i just do n't get it . 
  i 'm not being funny , but under what kind of scenarios could you see leaving benefiting the uk ? 
  i mean , on the balance of the possible pros and cons weighed up it still looks pretty grim to me . 
  i literally ca n't think of a way for this to end well , all things considered . 
  so i 'll like to get another perspective on it . 
  yeah mate , i read about both , it 's all very tragic . 
  i hope the political classes in the uk get their shit together and find a way in the long term to re-enfranchise the people , only way to stop extremists lashing out . 
  he 's a corkonian now , boi , ha ha !, 
  the world is fucked up , look at our shared history ? 
  our culture vents by having a laugh . 
  nothing stopping you lot getting on board the craic train . 
  it 's only a state of mind , like . 
  ha ha , that 's fucking gas , i missed that at the time . 
  yeah mate , henry hoover is doing alright here . 
  sure was n't he partying with the irish lads in lille ? 
  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cmc62eg82e8, 
  yeah , call it what you like , theres no other short-hand way in use that clears up whats going on with the lot of us . 
  anyone that gets annoyed over it has too much time on their hands . 
  the uk , ireland and international law do n't recognise the term . 
  i suppose the only legit reason to be peeved over it is people who do n't know the geo-political situation here hearing that ireland is in the british isle , therefore inferring that ireland is british and someoe having to go through the motions of explaining 800 years or so of history . 
   i ca n't imagine ignoring someone if they speak to me . 
  if i 'm really busy i might only give an apologetic nod , but i 'd never just walk passed someone trying to get my attention . 
  it 's just rude . 
  same reason people here hate chuggers with the rage of a thousand suns , we do n't know how to deal with people stopping to talk to us , even if we know it 's asking for money before they open their mouths . 
  lived in a small town in scotland for a bit . 
  some lad and his missus from over the border pulled over to the side of the road to ask for directions . 
  i gave them directions but could tell it was n't sinking in .
