  is that a lot for just 3 months ? 
  it looks like a lot . 
  you are in defensive treaty , your weakness is their weakness . 
  because while finland feels uncomfortable about these , moment we hop on an agreement we stay on it until the very end . 
  even then , we would join even harsher sanctions , while slighty grympy . 
  still do n't . 
  i am nordic . 
  against the air units . 
   no , they are not , but they can be used in that way , yes . 
  not that they can not be used as such . 
  but mbts main use is in offensive . 
  country that struggles with military funding should go mainly for equipment that are most useful in defensive war , which there are better and cheaper ( more bang for a buck ) than a mbt . 
  lithuania , aa like you said and some indirect fire would be priority if i could choose the direction . 
  after that at . 
  it would be better choice to spend money to anti-air equipment and infantry at weapons . 
  those are cheaper , you get lot more bang for a buck and that is very important factor for country like lithuania which is really sturggling for military funding . 
  artillery and other kinds of indirect fire weaponry might be even more useful on the long run than few at missiles . 
  tanks are more an offensive weapon as well . 
  c'mon mate , it was hilarious and funny comment . 
  as for non-capitalist countries handing out free military resources , yes , for friendly nations which existance is preferrable to not-existing . 
  look at georgian war , professional forces did pretty good , the conscript forces did jack shit and those dudes have now moved back to civilian life and you can only wonder how high their morale will be if they are called to attack finland . 
  also they used very few of them there . 
  finns on the otherhand will be completely enraged . 
   it 's funny that on one hand posts that claim russia could roll tanks through europe and nobody could do anything about it without us assistance get upvoted on this subreddit . 
  hey hey , not my fault people are dumb . 
  i myself do n't see russians getting that far even to europe . 
  baltics are a weak point and very likely russians would get as far as to polish border where german & polish forces would stop them completely and then start a counter-assault with forces of other nations joining in . 
  you also should consider the territory , finnish territory is insane stage to do offensive movement on . 
  no roads , no open fields which are two things modern mechanized units require to operate . 
  there are none of those on the border of finland/russia , simpy swamps , bogs , forests , lakes and rivers . 
  pretty much the opposite you want when you need to move fast with heavy equipment . 
   does it have the equipment and supplies ready for them at a short notice . 
  yes . 
  rest of europe has been lowering their equipment and military budgets , we have been buying stuff they decided they do n't need for almost free . 
  our biggest problem would be keeping up with ammunition spending . 
   because in the 21st century we are spoiled pampered bastards , we 're not just gon na drop our mcdonalds and switch off our cartoons and get into the swing of killing , actual military experience to harden you up is valuable . 
  it is valuable , but not like its going to decide how the war goes . 
  majority of russian troops would be people who have never been to war as well . 
  nevermind that the conscript training in russia is fucking pathetic , these dudes wo n't be half a soldier one finn will be . 
  as for getting into swing of killing , doubt its that huge of a thing , its been done for as long as history has been written and getting into military shape was not that magical thing when i did my service . 
  and finns apparently has a [ `` warrior gene '' ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-29760212 ) so were good on that . 
   great , but you 're still comparing an air force of 150 planes with one of over 3,400 . 
  i am not though . 
  first russia will never send 3,400 planes to finland , ever . 
  i really doubt they would even send half , a quarter at best and even then you have to wonder how many of their planes are operational at any given moment . 
  secondly , they will be operating in hostile airpace with all sorts of anti-air ground forces that will make it a bitch to operate . 
  i would like to have trust in our friendly nations , but in things like war you must prepare for `` no help is ever going to arrive '' . 
  especially for country like finland , even if we were in nato , we would be fighting russians alone for a long time before they could get to us to help . 
  look at the baltics . 
  there is pretty much no military cabability until you get to border with poland , so finland would pretty much be the vanguard against russia , not that weird were wondering a little about joining . 
  i do n't like the way nato has been pasifying itself either , or the fact that there are few nations in there that i wonder if i want to be allied to . 
  i honestly would rather have alliance with northern european countries which do not participate to agressive actions arounde the world . 
  for the area we have the air force is `` good enough '' its not like russia is just going to take 100 % of its airforce to fight against it , and its not meant to do incursions deep to enemy air space . 
  air defence is one of our weaker sectors , but its still in pretty good order , were currently working to acquire more weaponry , especially close defence for ground forces . 
   now you 're trying to hold ground when the opponent can use unmanned technology to kill your men . 
  unmanned technology requires ways to control them , those can be jammed easily . 
  even if they are not controlled by human , they are just another target to destroy . 
  you can shoot a droid down with a rifle , only problem is that they are beyond viewable range by humans , but not by radar and anti-air . 
   do you think us/uk/aus could have defeated iraq ( 375,000 strong army ) as swiftly as we did if we were fighting with 1939 technology ? 
  yes ? 
  iraq had zero anti-air ability against the coalition . 
  land forces were demolished on the ground from the air . 
  coalition air losses were from friendly fire . 
  situation was the same on the ground , us army was pretty much armed with tigers which blobbed iraqi stuart tanks from range they could not even reach or affect . 
  look at ww2 , allies bombed the shit out of germans and germans had some aa tools available . 
  it would have been the same in iraq . 
  war tools have become more effective , this works both ways . 
  us has not fought a war agaisnt a country with respectable military ability since korean war ( or conflict as its said ) . 
  you do n't seem to understand . 
  were not relying on anyone . 
  its not 1939 , you 're right . 
  thats good , in 1939 our military was armed with small arms and ancient equipment , today its modern and very well equipped with ability to hit stratetically targets . 
  war has indeed evolved , increasingly for the better of the defender , think we will be good . 
  very well reasoned opinion . 
  defend us ? 
  where ? 
  nobody has ever defended us . 
  what you bitching about ? 
  in the case they moved all of their military capabilities against finland , no . 
  that however is not just very unlikely , its never ever going to happen . 
  they have share too much border with other nations , some which are hostile to them , along with internal militant groups that they can not do that . 
  beating off portition of their military that they could reasonably move to attack finland could be held off indefinetly with weapons as long as international community does n't completely cut-off finland , which again is never going to happen . 
  running out of ammunition is something that could be great danger for finland in the event of a war . 
  i am not , where did i say i did ? 
  i need you to point the exact spot where i expected or asked for anything from you . 
  we stood alone during ww2 , we expect we will we standing alone in the future . 
  in any case , your lives would not be in danger , its quite selected bunch who place themselves to danger . 
  i do n't see how offering ammunition or equipment to friendly nation has anything to do with defending them . 
  considering us gives insane amounts of money and equipment to huge amount of questionable countries i do n't see how this is a problem to you . 
  were not part of nato , not expecting any help from you fyi . 
  capitalists . 
  yes . 
  gas fuels the vehicles , booze fuels the rage within our hearts . 
   finland military is actually build around guerrilla warfare it is not , its build around mobile warfare . 
  idea is to fight the enemy on its face , but do so defensively , pulling the enemy to where you want to fight and then counter-attacking . 
  if russians would come , they would have to come in strong , finland would invade in return if russia suddenly pulled its forces . 
  how is first hand experience * that * important ? 
  same is true for most of russian military as well . 
  good thing is that weaponry does n't require experience to be effective . 
  mine causes destruction of vechiles no matter who digs the hole for it .
