  artillery causes mayhem just as well no matter who is the operator . 
  bullets will rip your artery even if the fielder of the rifle is level 1 hobgoblin . 
  our pilots have had very good evaluation in international training events and have big bombs along with its air fighting cababilities . 
  our territory is a heaven for defensive warfare , swamps , lakes , rivers and forests with glacial erratic all over the place . 
  it is n't 1939 , thats the fucking point , finland has actually armed itself and has reserve of over 350 thousand men . 
  statistically we kicked the shit out of soviets twice , with almost nothing . 
  you can only wonder how badly it would end for them today . 
   not much better in finland i 'd assume . 
  border area with nothing but forests , swamps , rivers , lakes and has only few usable roads for any sort of big military movement . 
  good luck with attacking trough that against europes largest artillery arsenal and people with violent tendencies . 
  oh , and our ground based anti-navy missiles reach all of baltic sea , so we could blockade the saint petersburg all the way from our in-land saunas . 
  hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha . 
  almost had me there . 
  they are n't , they are just news . 
  you will still hear them , just after bombs have landed at your feet . 
  [ you can also hear them with your ears . 
  ] ( http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_kt1ttgb30t1qzoef9.jpg ), 
  you can also see any plane with your eyes . 
  why use radars ? 
  while stealth technology that makes you completely invisible to radars does not exist , it does make it a lot harder for them to see the fighters . 
  idea is that if you go for a mission , instead of the hostile radar spotting you immediatetly you take off 300km away , it spots you when only moments before you are dropping your shit on the target , this makes responding to incrusions a lot more difficult and slow . 
  also allows you to get a jump on enemy fighters as they wo n't see you until you are pretty much on firing range . 
   police in picture not wearing a finnish police uniform , not a finnish officer . 
  i would expect that the fact that the man is rubber gives if away that its not a finnish officer . 
  as pergentage of budget , quadrupling military budget is not going to happen for long time , if ever . 
  there are things that can be removed from the budget if things go completely too tight . 
  social spending does n't need to be completely demolished , it can be lowered on some sectors as well , its not like its just one huge chunk that then completely blows up if you touch it . 
  and goverment budget is huge , military spending and social structure are two parts of it . 
  i would not mind seeing military budgets doubled by good part of europe though . 
   social spending would collapse in the face of heightened military obligations . 
  well that gave me a laugh . 
   it 's all about putin . 
  from what i 've seen , it is n't though . 
  did n't watch it first , then saw this little discussion here and decided to watch it . 
  what is the big commotion here ? 
  the video has nothing in it , just some woman calming down dogs and from what i see taking them to shelter . 
  there are bodies of dogs burning in the furnace , but as far as i know burning is very common method to get rid of bodies , so common in fact that we burn humans after death . 
  stray animals are a huge problem in many cities , while its sad to end lives of live beings , unless someone adopts stray animals only solution is to kill them . 
  they are dangerous , spread diseases , breed and grow in numbers , attack humans and sometimes kill small animals ( stray house cats are resposible for extinction of few species ) . 
  your video does n't show how the animals are treated while they are being terminated , just couple terrified puppies without any context . 
  as far as we know , they were born stray or lived most of their short lifes as stray , being scared of humans is a given , crying is very basic survival instict when something grabs you . 
  also one of the puppies is not completely terrified , but is openly approaching the woman while clearly unsure . 
  i am not saying they are n't doing things in terrible manner , but just this video as context there is nothing incredibly terrible going on . 
   they have about 1.5 % one could ague its 2,5 to 3,5 % . 
  as finland has conscription of whole male population , it causes loss of collected taxes and lengthens education times and postpones entering into workforce , there are calculation that were missing losing about 1-2 % gdp . 
  nordics travel a lot , afaik finns travel the most , i do n't think i know anyone who has not gone abroad a few times . 
  even if you take out the travels to estonia for booze . 
  its not at all uncommon for people to go abroad atleast once a year . 
  respecting and honoring veterans in finland is pretty recent thing tho , its not that long ago that they were pretty much spat on . 
  might makes right . 
  seems like average sauna evening with mates to me . 
  what does this `` sung '' and `` not sung '' mean ? 
  finland does not have official national anthem , but de facto it 's [ maamme ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maamme ) , of which first and last verse are sung . 
  however of the 11 original verses , there is this :  and it was here their ** blood was shed ** ,  for us , here , on this shore ;  and it was here their joys were bred ,  here , that their sighs were heaved and fled ,  that people 's who our burdens bore  before us , long before . 
  it 's called being free . 
  what right do you have to demand others to do things they do n't want to ? 
  ^ ^ ^ kikkeliskokkelis ^ ^ ^ ^ lol . 
  if only we could test blood , saliva or teeth for approximate age of a person . 
  conscripts , no . 
  reservists , maybe . 
  you forgot your / s. 
  or i hope you do , cause otherwise that statement tops the retarded shit of the day for saturday . 
  yes . 
  germany attacked poland and left a skeleton crew on the west flank . 
  what did france and uk do ? 
  stood around , kicking dust and giving germany all the time it needed to occupy poland and gather strength to roll over to france as well . 
  declaration of war without action was the same as not declaring a war at all if you still leave your allies all alone . 
  soviet union was allied state . 
  also , the song begins with :  do you remember when , when the nazis forced their rule on poland 1939 and the allies turned away, 
  bavaria owned the rights , so only they could ~ ~ sell ~ ~ print it , they refused to ~ ~ sell ~ ~ print it . 
  its that simple , now its in public domain ( death of author + 70 years ) , so anyone can do whatever they want with it . 
  hitler and second world war will never lose its relevance . 
  no , 7.62 is not 7.92 go home you 're drunk, 
  and it is fucking 7.92 mm mauser . 
  wtf, 
  its a case of different organizations having different measuring standarts . 
  [ 8mm datasheet ] ( http://www.saami.org/pubresources/cc_drawings/rifle/8mm%20mauser.pdf ) is quite clearly a 7.92 . 
  i should probably start working out . 
  the down slope would have to be very odd there to cause the bike to spin around pivotet by the front wheel that is actually upright . 
  if you say so , it must be true . 
  if it stays at bottom its edible , even if it standing at the bottom . 
  if its not touching the bottom do n't eat it . 
  that 's what i 've been taught . 
  when was this true ? 
  yeah , its like that in many parts of the world and sometimes nordic people get into trouble because of it . 
  they expect its like this everywhere so go for hike in foreign countries as they would here . 
  `` hey thats a nice lush forest on a mountain , i am going to go there for a hike '' - que being threatened at gun point for walking around someones property . 
  well , is it that there are no need for permits , or that nobody is enforcing/following it ? 
  usually nobody gets permit for those things here either , they are usually just small pieces of paper cut into a heart with the names and arrow . 
  nobody really cares , as long as they are picked up afterwards . 
  most nordic countries have `` every mans rights '' . 
  basically any forest or place of nature that is not clearly a courtyard/garden of someones house or fenced , can be enjoyed by everyone and anyone , as long as you do no harm to the vegetation , hunt animals or litter . 
  you can gather berries or mushrooms . 
  you are allowed to gather dead trees and make campfire , and even spend nights if you wish . 
  fishing requires permission from the owner or local municipality . 
  if camping or hiking if your thing , come to finland , nobody can stop you . 
   if you are getting married you have to get a special permit to put up wedding signs . 
  i do n't really think this is really interestign law , i would imagine in most places putting signs on roadside require a permit . 
  rabbits will freeze at anything . 
  if they hear a sound , their reaction is to stop and listen , if they did not breed like rabbits , they would be extinct .
