  what are you talking about ? 
   of course not . 
  they wo n't march there unless they 're willing to start nuclear winter . 
  oooh nuclear winter of course that makes sense . 
  so they just march couple miles off paris in 2,5 months is that it ? 
   i said before the examples of combat in syria , ukraine , georgia , chechnya and more show how they have improved . 
  the god complex that finland is an impenetrable fortress is hilarious . 
  russians , * improved * , k. and better remember , no one else has . 
  oooh , the major infrastructure . 
  just bomb it . 
  who the fuck does n't have that amount of firepower just laying around . 
  russia sure does . 
  also , remember what is once destroyed , can not be rebuild . 
  also seems they have magical missile defence systems too , which just disables any and all kind of direct to indirect weaponry ? 
  holy shit russians will march to paris in three months if they ever feel like it . 
  let me guess , russia would move 3,6 million men , 64,000 vehicles , all of their air fleets to the finnish border for their assault ? 
  yeaah , i am just going to go ahead and say that 's never going to happen . 
  attacking trough roadless dense forest with swamps and rivers is as much of a bitch as it was in 1939 . 
  in my defence , i painted this from what i remembered when i invaded the damn bastards in hoi4 . 
  invason that took longer than needed because my so called `` allies '' spammed my beachhead with gabzillions of units destroying my logistics . 
  if only dice allowed modding . 
  that is not the hymn , shame on you !, 
  this is the [ finlandia hymn ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0_dy5kuf-ie ) edit : ~ ~ seems youtube really does not have a good verstion with the music too . 
  [ best i found ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=erjf7ypzlgu ) ~ ~ edit2 : with music : [ kuosmanen singing finlandia hymn ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1zfjohrtyu8 ), 
  you meant to say tar , right ? 
  tar !, 
  laws should be changed . 
  what laws exactly ? 
  drivers should not be required to have insurance ? 
  they should be allowed to not pay taxes ? 
  they should not be required to also participate driving during not so profitable periods ? 
  all i see is you spouting how people or corporations should have no responsibilities and all of their little wants should pampered . 
  there are reasons for the regulations in the transportation . 
  and how do you find employment to be too regulated ? 
  should people be allowed to be replaced for no reason ? 
  minimum wage ca n't really go lower than none . 
  we just effectively lowered wages across the board and immediately people got canned in few sectors . 
  very oddly , lower wages wo n't magically create more demand for products or work , so the wages would indeed be redistributed , not the way you meant tho . 
  information age is indeed causing a lot of changes in our society , but its moronic to pull the plug on everything cause you painted your dad 's house during summer for a case of beer . 
  uber is not illegal , drivers not paying taxes , insurance and not doing other regulatory stuff is . 
  it 's completely legal to offer service that connects drivers and customers . 
  illegal taxi does n't turn into legal because you use app to order it . 
  it 's a good idea to study law anywhere if you wish to do business , regulations exist in every part of the world and it seems people are too stupid to look into shit . 
  from what i 've seen every car is available in solid white and some are available in solid black for same price , rest of the colors are usually more expensive . 
  however all colors are not available even for different models from same manufacturer , so colors that are available for every car are unsurprisingly more common . 
  i do n't see the connection between beggars and homelessness . 
  something ca n't correlate or not correlate with something depending on your opinion . 
  causation ! = correlation . 
  in this case all those three variables would correlate with each other , no matter what you feel about it . 
  doing shit is what drives economy . 
  innovating does not . 
  i can `` innovate '' thousands of things over a weekend , their effect on economy is zero . 
  tesla , iphone , facebook all were thing that had been thought about and designed by others , they were hardly some really new innovations . 
  these things succeeded and changed whole industries cause people who made them decided not to sit on these ideas , but instead work on them and create them . 
  how ? 
  what strategy would russia use , what troops would it use and in what sort of timetable for them to succeed like that ? 
  you seem to be under illusion that russia was capable to field 100 % of its armed forces against finland . 
  not happening . 
  finnish terrain is not plains of europe either , so unless everything in russian arsenal swims and phases through forests and rocks , their ability to maneuver is quite limited . 
  sure , chances of suing for peace that was to our advantage is quite unlikely , but repeat of the previous is quite possible . 
  you defeatism is adorable , but mistaken . 
  [ talk of tech innovation is bullsh * t. shut up and get the work done -- says linus torvalds ] ( http://www.theregister.co.uk/2017/02/15/think_different_shut_up_and_work_harder_says_linus_torvalds/ ), 
  well to be fair , i think it worked great when you just wanted a small force that could be loaned to un . 
  [ its a meme ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/fingols/ ), 
  yeah , just print more money !, 
  thankfully sweden and finland are not some banana states , or wherever the fuck you live . 
  how big increase in taxes would you be willing to pay instead of introducing conscription ? 
  salaries already take huge chunk of military budgets everywhere . 
  then from the remaining budget you would have to pay training , new equipment , research & testing , replacement parts , insurances , food , fuel , bullets , rent , medical expenditure , civil support . 
  also , point of conscription is usually mainly to build reserve , not to get career soldiers . 
  unless things are very different compared to finland , there will be a lot of training outside , but mostly within short distance from barracks , as actual overnight training is a lot more expensive . 
  huge amount of hired trainers being paid for around the clock as they have to be in the woods with the conscripts . 
  whereas if conscripts can be marched to the barracks , trainers can go home and only work during `` office hours '' . 
  `` work day '' for conscripts is from 8-16 , after that its freetime until 22 , when everyone is expected to go to sleep . 
   because with china we know what we get . 
  so you are going to take a cyanide capsule , because the bean from bertie bott 's every flavour might taste like shit ? 
  makes perfect sense . 
  because that would be vernacular word . 
  what would you call a success ? 
  cause we were on losing side of the greatest war in human history and all rest of the losing countries ceased to exist . 
  were you hoping for finland ssr ? 
  only if you are standing on an open field with only snow around you . 
  most areas are not like that and the [ camouflage will still be very effective ] ( http://imgur.com/a/xezoq ) . 
   feel more free to do whatever the fuck we want going by that standard place with no law and order would take the top spot . 
  pretty sure hitting a target rather than missing a target is better use of any weapon . 
  does n't take nukes to turn cities into rubble over long distance , just takes a bit more effort . 
  because they are not ? 
  how are bananas not berries ? 
  afaik giraffe is alerting system that alerts and helps users to target incoming ordinance , it does not in anyway give user accurate information on where the ordinance was send from . 
  systems that finland is now preparing to obtain allow them know where indirect fire is coming from and attacking it , not just being warned that they are being fired upon or destroying the incoming ordinance . 
  finnish military has one thing in their mind , preparing for a war within homeland against the big enemy to the east . 
  this is at very huge contrast to rest of europe which has ( or had ) simply prepared and armed for small conflicts abroad . 
  if your military needs to be maneuverable around the globe it can not use a lot of heavy equipment . 
  if you look at equipment what most of european countries have decided to get rid of and what they have decided to keep in their arsenal , its pretty clear the main purpose for the armed forces is peacekeeping . 
  all the while finnish military still prepares for the big war that might or hopefully might not happen , and builds its forces and equipment for that objective with the limited resources they have . 
  artillery is still one of the most deadliest and effective weapons to have for proper war . 
  what ? 
  unless your military uses actual humans on foot for communications ; artillery is incredibly useful for every goddamn situation . 
  if you are being defensive , you can cripple whole assault by the enemy with artillery . 
  enemy movement is spotted in some sector -  artillery fires their ordinance -  everything apart from heaviest units absolutely demolished .
