  one of the funniest videos i have come across are hunters sitting by a road , saying `` good morning '' to rabbits going by and shooting the dumb animal that is standing still . 
  - good morning , - oh , good morning hum -- | shotgun to the face . 
  the air space where most of these violations happen is more the reason than anything . 
  the internatioal space at guld of finland are incredibly thin and even smallest deviation to your course will take you to either finnish or estonian airspace . 
  [ map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qatj05n.jpg ) , thats an sea map , but the airspace is pretty much the same . 
  not saying russians are n't doing it on purpose sometimes , but keep in mind that pretty much any weather that needs to be dodged forces you to go to finnish or estonian airspace . 
  incompetence as well , there is n't much of a margin of error when flying in that area . 
  is this the onion ? 
  wait , what ? 
  like completely prohibited ? 
  in all situations ? 
  he is most likely wrong , but i am not going to stand here and find out . 
  and what money is that ? 
  afaik , \u00c5land pays pretty much as much taxes as it gets back for its budget . 
  2004 is only year they got bigger budget than they paid to mainland . 
  i hope people would stop being edgy and painting complicated political history and happenings into nothing but black and white truths . 
  soviet union failed to meet any of its goals set before and during the war , only gaining enough leverage to demand border territory to change hands . 
  but no , it was a complete and utter defeat for the finns and complete success for the soviet union . 
  because thats how it is , its either one or the other , there is no gray . 
  great text , apart from the myth of war reparations causing the rapid industralization . 
  finland and its industry was already rapidly growing before the wars , which slowed the growing a little . 
  oh , how so ? 
  people choose to live or hide like this for many reasons . 
  some people like to live as hermits . 
  some hide from the law , some do n't want to take up their resposibilities . 
  are all resposibilites wrong ? 
  are all punishments wrong ? 
  very unlikely , getting support from the population would have been extremely difficult , civil war and its after effects were still causing turmoil , right up until winter war unified the people against a common enemy . 
  finland would not have been prepared for war , either , it was winter war that caused finland to get what small it had that could be used to attack during continuation war . 
  volunteers and some small indirect support might have been offered . 
  two brooms are getting married . 
  before the ceremony , the bride broom says to the groom broom , `` i think i 'm going to have a whisk . '', 
  the groom broom says , `` how can that be ? 
  we have n't even swept together ! '', 
  finland in trouble , please send money . 
  if i understood correctly change is coming . 
   law change enabling military aid is coming for parlament to discuss/vote at the beginning of next year . 
  according to niinist\u00f6 ( defence minister ) , preparations for the legislation has been hastened . 
  aye , russia has quite a number of copied camouflages . 
  i presume beach means sand shore . 
  ` ranta ' pretty much means the part between any large part of water and ground , be it sand , rock or dirt , so translating it to beach is not correct . 
  and that we have a lot in finland as there are small or big lakes and rivers pretty much everywhere and as cities grow around rivers/lakes there is usually a road or two that follow the shoreline -  shoreroad - rantatie . 
  [ there are a lot of lakes in finland , so plenty of * rantoja * ] ( https://www.google.fi/maps/search/google+maps/@62.4050797,25.399765,7.38z ), 
  patterns are not randomly generated , randomly generated is random and would very likely end with a pattern that does not work very well in the selected enviroment . 
  militaries can spend millions to research best colors and patterns for their camouflages . 
  usually the patterns are so detailed that its difficult to see how and where it starts to repeat itself , but they all do . 
  this is a desert pattern with three colors , repetision on desert patterns are very easily noticeable at close as the colors are usully majority light with dark details . 
  you can serve with another name , wo n't actually get a new identity . 
  if you wish to get french nationality after service you will get it for your true name . 
  and ? 
  you are going to continue your line of thought , right ? 
  cause it has not touched even one of the reasons why sexually active gay people were not accepted as blood donors . 
  unless apartments happen to be furnitured yes , they are . 
  they then are offered assistance on finding places to buy these items for themselves . 
  fleamarkets are very commonly used by immigrants to find their clothes and furniture . 
  welfware is meant for you to take care of youself as whole , not just to buy food . 
  please do n't take shit written on mvlehti.fi seriously or as facts . 
  they get same welfare and support as everyone else , period . 
  there are additional support programs they can apply to , again the exact same ones you and i can . 
  they buy or get donated used items , you will quickly notice that those do n't cost much . 
  they get the same money everyone gets . 
  that is rent + welfware . 
  not if you live alone without children . 
  cease fire for winter , guess what happens when spring arrives . 
  you can walk around centre of city after midnight and worst that might happen is that you hear some drunk dude yelling something somewhere in the distance . 
  pretty sure violent minority does not require the acceptance of majority to do start shit up . 
  better than the alternative, 
  buy one , finnish log houses are exported to everywhere in the world . 
  it seems to me that a swatika , if not given context is confused for nazi . 
  germans did not use swatika on tanks or a swatika with short ends , you do n't need context to know its not a nazi swatika . 
  he later indeed was national socialist , shame really . 
  swedish count eric von rosen gave the finnish white guard one of our first air planes during our civil war , it had blue swastikas on it which were used by rosen to mark his personal belongings and luck . 
  finnish liked it and took it as our airforce logo . 
  we also had a swatika on our [ tanks ] ( http://www.euro-t-guide.com/see_photo/finland/s/etg_parola_tank_museum_03.jpg ) and as logo of our womens volunteer group [ lotta sv\u00e4rd ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lotta_sv%c3%a4rd ), 
  because its pretty light and almost nonexistent . 
  you get few small problems or things to look up . 
  in some countries children can be given hours of homework on top of classes , i do n't remember ever getting homework that took more than 20 minutes . 
  even then , not everyday , heck not even every week . 
  only if we were doing some bigger projects did we get work to take home with . 
  what ? 
  no , you get out immediately . 
  the very moment you sink , you turn around and get up on the ice . 
  you turn around because you know the ice behind you is thick enough to carry you , you got that far on it . 
  if needed you can stay in the water couple minutes to calm yourself without much of an increased danger . 
  but that 's more for yourself to get a hang of your nerves and grasp the situation . 
  shock ai n't going nowhere and waiting around in the ice cold water is stupid , if you can get out , get out and start warming yourself . 
  this guy did not need to wait around , he turned around immediately he hit the water , got to edge of the ice , pushed up his backpack and got out . 
  have you not heard of putin 's red button ? 
  it instantly vaporizes whole continents , without use of nuclear weaponry . 
  there is literally nothing anybody can realistically do if russia wanted to invade the whole world . 
  russians are so though they do n't need water/food/warmth , but europeans will surrender if even one civilian has to be couple days without electricity . 
  it 's common knowledge . 
  so how will you be destroying these so they can not be used at any capacity ? 
  no no , the activities russians have had have shown they are absolutely superior military power in the world , losing equipment and men to enemies whose heaviest equipments are technicals . 
   i would bet russia has enough to take out finland 's most crucial infrastructure . 
  i guess you are going to real quick tell me what those magical targets are that can not be repaired and kept at some function and can cause whole country to push its head up their own ass . 
  and what weapons and in what quantities would be used to do this . 
   did n't stop america in vietnam/iraq/afghanistan . 
  did n't stop russian troops in donbass . 
  why would it stop them in finland ?
