  yeah , cause war magically causes everything in the world to turn to desert , oh wait it does n't . 
  because they would collapse . 
  russia has huge landmass , but its still a mere regional power , not something that could fight nato head on . 
  not much of a world war if western allies just kick russians ass . 
  it would be `` the day russian ass was kicked by collective west '' war . 
  or , like napoleon wars , maybe its just called putin war . 
  what a boring name for a war , nobody would read about it in school . 
  no , actually we get rights because there is a state ensuring nobody breaches those rights . 
  they are n't some magical thing that people are born with , rights are not a natural thing , they are a consept created by human minds , they are not real . 
  while you see state as some big construction which is there for you convenience or against it , i see it as a collection of my country men and our efforts create a better place for ourselves . 
  its not separate from us , its part of us . 
  in event of great external threat we all might be required to participate to danger to defend ourselves , that is our resposibilty . 
  my country and fellow country men will ensure i get education , healthcare , safety , even pension . 
  my resposibiliies include paying part of my wages as taxes so we can afford this to generations to come and in case of external threat take arms and defend it . 
  also , military service is one of those things that you do n't have the right to not to do in crisis if goverment so chooses . 
  funny how rights were n't a magical thing but actually just a man made law , is n't it ? 
  even internationally draft and military service are exluded from actions and things goverments can not do . 
  in event of war that requires goverment to draft , you ca n't use `` muh rights '' to run away from it , food for thought . 
  i did n't spot anyt equipment on the apcs that would give free view around them , do they have those ? 
  alteast here in finland apcs are not allowed to be driven without the commander being outside during peacetime , as its very difficult to see anything from inside , its almost impossbible to react to other cars if they fuck something up without commander having eyes out there . 
  incorrect . 
  no , not exactly . 
  i do understand the point , but the calibers you chose has the difference between `` goddamn there is a inconvenient hole trough my palm '' and `` oh my god my whole arm has disappeared in a mist of blood and flesh , and i am going to die painfully '' you actually have to hit very well with .22 lr , where as you can pretty much shoot anywhere with .50 bng and cause a casualty . 
  no , not if you compare those two calibers its not . 
  alone it is n't , but its used as reason to enjoy all the rights , without accepting any resposibilities . 
  if were going to discuss green , the earth is actually completely ok with warfare . 
  it turns the soil more than anybody ever bothers to do and human bodies work as great fertilizers . 
  what warfare does bad is destroy human created infastructure and lives . 
  those however might be destroyed by the invader after the war to even worse extend , if they are allowed to occupy and govern your lives . 
  nature is going to be fine with anything we do , one way or the other . 
  question is if were going to be here to share that change in nature after the fact . 
  did you just tell me to read my own comment ? 
  not really . 
  sometimes there is some small news article about it , but its the online forums or blogs that go `` omg , are they nazis ? '' . 
  theyre great fun to read if you sometimes come across them . 
  goddamn germans ruining it . 
  i want [ the swatika back ] ( http://www.axishistory.com/images/stories/f/fi-brewster-buffalo.jpg ) , its glorious !, 
  for our [ armored forces ] ( http://www.axishistory.com/images/stories/f/fi-t50.jpg ) as well . 
  return the swatika !, 
  flag of the finnish air force staff uses a swatika . 
  it 's always nice to follow the foreigners shitstorm that ensues when they [ march with it in parades ] ( http://globalfire.tv/nj/graphs/fin_officemblem_swastika.jpg ) . 
   thirty - first fighter wing f-16s have deployed to estonia , to participate in bilateral training with the estonian air force . 
  what training does the estonian air force participate to ? 
  quick look at estonian airforce leaves one wondering what their purpose is . 
  radar , anti-air and logistics ? 
  the thread started from question of if finnish military is better than baltic militaries combined . 
  it is , is the anwser , i do not know how you have a problem with this . 
  why should i not do this comparison when it is the comparison asked ?!?!!?!?!, 
  funding is very different and was simply pointed as the reason as to why baltic states do not have considerable military equipments or weapons . 
  finland uses its whole budget to itself , while all baltic states have their own , so efficiency of the combines baltic militaries is weak . 
  `` some data '' , yes you need something that you use to do the comparisons . 
  estonian military budget was not why baltic nations are weaker , they are weaker because they do not have weapons , budget is the reason why they do not have those weapons . 
  as for nonsense about us vs nordics you said , it is not worth an comment . 
  you for whatever idiotic reason really got caught on that estonian budget , i have mentioned the combined military budget of all three baltic states twice as well , nevermind the other factors which you completely ignore and keep on giving bullshit about some fucking estonian budget i only mentioned is comparable to our acquisition budget . 
  its not a point of a lot value in this discussion . 
  -  your do n't seem to read or understand anything i have written . 
  as for my rudeness , so fucking what ? 
  i have zero problems being rude , it seems to be your problem . 
  you said stupid shit about countries size and somehow made that a reason why we can not do comparison here . 
  as a finn i compare military of my country to russia , its quite more capable to do stuff than we are , it is quite a bit larger than we are , it however does not make it stupid or annoying to do . 
  territory is indeed good information to have as well , but that was not really the question here . 
  finland is bigger , it gives them more ground to fight on without risking losing stratetigally important areas , which again is better for finland , where as in baltics many of the important locations and targets are very close to each other and there is very little area to manouver . 
  this can be good or bad for defender , but if you lack equipment to fight this is sort of a moot point . 
  as for your whine about downvotes , i have downvoted exactly one of your comments , the one where you say i compared separate baltic countries to finland , which i never did . 
  oh no , what ever will i do . 
  some idiot over the internet took an imaginary point while disapporing what i posted , oh the horror . 
  could not care less . 
  no way , estonia is not alone the whole baltic ?!, 
  the point was that the part of our budget we use to acquire items is the size that estonia has for its military as whole , you clearly read nothing i wrote . 
  majority of finnish budget goes to keeping the military running , budgets of the baltics are so small they can barely do just that . 
  also , i did not compare separate cababilities of baltics states to finland , i compared them all combined . 
  finnish defence budget is 2,6 billion , combined baltics are ~ 1billion -  finnish budget is 2,5 times the baltics but combined baltic equipment amounts would need to be multipled by a 100 to get what finland has . 
  1,8 billion of finnish budget went to upkeep , i can only wonder how much of the baltic budget goes to that . 
   not so sure if their military is much better than baltic militaries combined finland has 2,5 times the budget combined baltics has , and somehow has managed to scrap togetther more than ten times the equipment baltics has . 
  finland has an adequate air force and ~ 230 main battle tanks , which baltics do n't have either at all . 
  huge indirect fire cababilities , which on baltics is quite small and more about heavy mortars . 
  baltics has a problem with that they are all under funded with all money pretty much going to running the military , leaving very little to aquire new equipment . 
  finland uses 446million for acquiring equipment , thats more than whole budget of estonian military . 
  defensive forces do not need to match the offensive forces . 
  it gives a group of light troops which goverment can use in event of a crisis very fast . 
  while mobilizing reserves can take week or two , a ready militia mobilizes in less than a day . 
  many of these organisations work with military and get their weapons/uniforms/trainers from it . 
  in finland participaring to local defence organization gets you uniform and equipment exluding firearms . 
  well , not that we would mind protecting baltics in event of war , that is what we would be doing if we were part of nato . 
  but taking complete responsiblity of guaranteeing estonia , latvia and lithuania is something we were not in position to do , we have enough military power that we could keep russian incursion from getting deep into our territory , and place some pressure towards petersburg , but were not really in position to be the main force attacking russia in event of a war to keep baltics safe . 
  unless we get some incredible funding from outside to do so . 
   you 're just as much undefendable as we are our defensive capabilities are not even comparable . 
  it always makes me laugh how you get us citizenship if you happen to be born on the mainland , but if you are born on overseas territories you wo n't get citizenship even if you serve in the military . 
  that russian army defeated the greatest military of that time period as well , it was not as it was a completely useless military force . 
  while officer purges weakened their military considerably , it was still massive force and not something you faught against half-heartetly . 
  it still does n't change the facts how much easier it is to defend finnish area compared to attacking it . 
  russian battleships are neat indeed , but unless you plan to wage war on open seas , which baltic really is n't , their strenghts do n't really get to show and even then you require that your enemy is willing to do the same , finns would not do that . 
  finnish sea area is pretty nice for defenders as well , it has lot of small island and with almost no depth . 
  finnish missile boats wo n't be speeding about in the open sea so i am very interested on how you were planning on losing them , battleship ca n't do jackshit if it ca n't find them , which is going to be difficult when these boats have pretty good stealth technology and are hiding around the millions of islands finland has . 
  they are carrying anti-surface missiles which have range of 200-250km and we have these missiles on the ground troops as well , russian battleships wo n't be doing anything on the battic sea unless they want to risk a chance to be sank to bottom of it . 
  as for spetsnaz , annoying buggers indeed , but they will not be even reaching the ground before being shot down , unless they decide to come over the damn sea like tomorrow at 8 and even then it could be difficult as finland does have some anti-air and anti-surface equipment active pretty much around the clokc . 
  helicopters wo n't be flying anywhere , especially not over open sea , helicopters ca n't take a hit from even the most basic form of aa . 
  making a landing from sea is possible , but that would be very expensive and good portion of their forces would be in the bottom of it before they reach their target , after which comes problem of supplying this massive force , which it would have to be if its going to actually be a threat , which they will not be able to do at that point as we would know apporximatetly where they are so we would know where the supplies would be coming to , be it by ship or by air it would be destroyed . 
  force without supplies wo n't fight for very long . 
  this year ?
