  its so awesome looking . 
  the budget cuts caused low numbers in the refresher training , now after couple years of reforms the defence forces are back in shape and are increasing the number of reservist getting refresher training back to normal . 
  as for are we preparing for war . 
  yes , when you have three branches of military that train thousands of men each year to fight in a war , you sort of are preparing for war . 
  we 've been doing it since the last time we were at war . 
   people really do n't reminiscent the alliance with the germans or the initiating of a full blown offensive war , the continuation war . 
  what ? 
  we watch a [ damn movie ] ( https://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/tuntematon_sotilas_%28vuoden_1955_elokuva%29 ) with really anti-war sentiment about the ordeal once a year . 
  considering there are countries that are same , little smaller or little larger on population that are very fucked up with wide spread corruption i do n't see its really a good causasion . 
  yeah . 
  they take incredible amount of space and would be a bitch to set up . 
  you can give two guys a humvee packed with sandbags and two shovels , instead of two trucks and a crane to work with these . 
  this kind of things do sort of have their use , but for speedy heavy fortifications [ wide plates or ready pillboxes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuvcdkgd-fm&amp;t=0m21s ) would work far easier . 
  not with their current military budgets [ they ca n't ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qdswump.jpg ) . 
  honestly if `` there were europeans there '' was base for discussion alone , we would discuss everything about everything . 
  you have to draw the line somewhere . 
  unless the attack was done by europeans or purposelly against europeans or somehow else related to europe ( not because random european happened to be there ) i do n't quite understand why we need to discuss them here , world news etc are there to discuss them . 
  cultural thing , in nordic countries nakedness is not a taboo , something special or to be feared . 
  in finland for example its completely normal for family to bath/wash and go to sauna naked so we do n't treat it as sexual thing ( though usually there is a short period when teens are embarassed to share bath time , puberty and all that ) . 
  well , i never said war is not stupid , it is . 
  its more terrible than stupid too , terrifying thing . 
  however men who are ready to prepare for the worst are not stupid . 
  like i would not allow anyone to step into my home , rob me and murder my family without a fight , i will not allow anyone to step to my country and destroy my cultural brethren either . 
  i wo n't demand that everyone is pro-war , i simply give reasons why some of us are . 
  this is my home and my country , and i happen to like my country very much , it its very much worth risking much for . 
  i do not wish to die for my country , but i am willing to risk my life for it , and its very important distinction to make , at least in my mind . 
  i would not drink poison if it saved my country , but i would risk the struggle as there is very good chance i come back safe and sound if everyone else does the same . 
  would i go to war if it meant to invade or take ? 
  no , that is not my fight , but i will be a monster if you attempt to take what is mine and force me to kneel . 
  some people do n't see differences between nations , i do , small nordic populations and their cultures are very different from others and i do not think i could call any other place my home if i was to run away . 
  its also very cultural thing on how pro-military you are , like many things we are all different . 
  but here we remember what it was to be under foreign rule , we remember . 
  there are countries who have suffered very much from choosing not to fight , where as many countries suffered great deal less when they chose to fight , we remember them , we read about them , we listen to them , we tell our children about them . 
  i also would not go comparing wars between empires to nations preparing to defend their right to exist . 
  thanks , could not have done it without your continued support . 
  he also wondered about `` pro-military comments '' and talked about `` these estonians '' and how its `` it 's all fun and dandy '' . 
  i replied to why there are pro-military opinions and why * these men * would volunteer , meaning the estonians in the damn article , which should have been pretty clear from `` preparing for the worst if it happens '' , you know the war which has not happened and hopefully never will . 
  if the next reply from different person was about arab draftees he should have been clear about it so i could have commented on that topic and how it was not what i discussed , instead of very broad comment on draft . 
  nice wink , but i am not currently looking for partner . 
  [ this is quite the treat . 
  yeah , no shit ? 
  thats the point i 've been going for , we were not discussing conscription , we were talking about these men and women and how being at war does n't make you smile . 
  there are many forks where conscription was the topic , that was not here , until this dude came out and said `` oh with draft you like do n't have choice mate '' , the fuck does that have to do with anything ? 
  if you 're salty about conscription , be salty about conscription , but do n't derail every topic with it , there are many things about war we can discuss , like how its not a place where you smile and giggle and how and why do people volunteer for it . 
  did you read what has been said or did you just jump in with this nonsense ? 
  obviously if everyone just went over and did military service voluntarily , we would not need conscription . 
  well color me impressed , how come i did not think of that . 
  there are many things that would not need to be written to law , if everyone just did them . 
  aww , it thinks its clever . 
  are you sure you know how discussion works ? 
  it seems you do n't . 
  you see when topic is discussed , we discuss the topic . 
  if you wish to discuss conscription feel free to start a discussion . 
  but if your tiny head can not comprehend that starting to talk shit off-topic when i have not discussed off-topic maybe you should not make feeble attempts to join discussions and throw pathetic insults that go off target ? 
  we did not discuss conscription , we discussed these men smiling and be willing to train for war . 
  ooooooooooooooooooooooooh burn . 
  oh wait , the men discussed in the linked article are willing , nvm, 
  it 's all fun and dandy until you 're suddenly missing an arm as a result of car accident , or your brains are filmed on yt as a result of violent robbery . 
  these men are willing to prepare for the worst , they are willing to go and defend their culture and fellow countrymen in case it happens , `` omg , these men are terrible and stupid '' . 
  difference between genocide and war is that in war the other side puts up a fight . 
  pretty much , d-day and material help rest of the allied countries gave to soviets shortened the war by some years , but ultimate soviet victory was most likely event even without these , it would simply had taken longer . 
  would have been worth mentioning , from the two finnish wars there was more soviet casualties on finnish front than german casualties on western front . 
  still does n't mean nato members were required to participate by the agreement they had signed . 
  heck the agreement does n't really require you to do anything in case of defensive war either . 
  it 's not an issue people really talk about that much . 
  people have their opinion on it , but thats it . 
  there are some pro-nato who keep bringing it up . 
  one thing i personally am a bit annoyed in this is that some people do n't really seem to know or understand what nato membership means and are either pro or anti for wrong reasons . 
  i have come across many pro-nato who want to join nato because it would end the conscirption or that somehow it would remove our own need to keep defensive capability , which are both wrong . 
  or anti-nato who think our military expenses would go wild or that we would have to join offensive wars started by its member states , which are also wrong . 
  well , afaik same-sex marriage is still not possible in finland , the law is still in early stages of being implemented and is expected to be in effect at latest sometime 2017 . 
  other kind of partnership is recognized . 
  are you seriously this fucking stupid ? 
  the whole point why training and preparition are done , is so * professional * security personell do not get overwhelmed by pressure and accidentally shoot people . 
  it is normal scenario , stupid people do stupid shit , bizarre shit happens in the world all the time . 
  people try to get into well guarded bases because its interesting , or because they want to see if they can , or they are trying to do suicide by getting shot or simply because they are insane . 
  people attack security , be it police , guard or soldiers . 
  if enemy combantant did this , yes they would be war criminals , if you read you would notice i said that rules of war are sometimes broken . 
  the point was this shit can happen outside of war and people who work on security must be able to work and behave correctly in all situations . 
  step outside sometime and see the bizarre chaos of the world . 
  no they would n't be war criminals , rules of war do not apply to civilians , they are just regular criminals as dictated by law . 
  soldiers do a lot more than just fight wars . 
  they should also expect situations like this in real life , because they happen in real life . 
  there are idiots who try to gain access to places they are not supposed to , for no reason whatsoever . 
  lot of people working on security die because someone pulls out a weapon on them and kills them because they do not react to it fast enough . 
  even then , rules of war are broken from time to time , you need to prepare defend against it . 
  you might have heard of people who do espionage or cause destruction without uniform , they are called spies and saboteurs , and are quite real thing , also illegal . 
  could we get some sources ? 
  every single military does that . 
  during training movement and how to act in combat , yes . 
  most actual combat training is done with real bullets or blanks . 
  along with those damn laser thingies . 
  though expensive toys are mostly for actual combat units . 
  its difficult to say what would have happened if nuclear weapons had not existed , however with memory of ww2 still fresh , nuclear weapons or not , that would have kept cold war just as cold alone . 
  world war 2 caused enormous damage and loss of human live to soviet union , they would not have risked another war . 
  ww2 was terrible , but comparing western front to eastern is like comparing candle to the sun . 
  honestly it would have been more likely that us was the igniter of a war . 
  after ww2 ended there was general in us that tried to push for war with soviet union while it was still weak . 
  where does this country called sampo reside ? 
  does it have any tourist attractions ?
