  handshakes , hugs , bowings ? 
  really depends on the situation , but we do bow for our women at a dance . 
  kissing is mostly between relatives or couples . 
  have my up-vote , even though i am not sharing , 
  we were doing pretty well after ww2 and before we started pumping oil and gas out of the ground , but it certainly did n't hurt us economically . 
  oh my danish friend , this is not true . 
  you both drink and eat a lot , but that just means there is more of you to love < 3 . 
   the socially progressive part of ... [ ] ... norway are remarkably similar in values . 
  socially progressive ? 
  care to elaborate in this context ? 
  skip the chips and the brits could be more like us !, 
  this . 
  after living there for a semester i found fresh produce and good quality food cost me about the same as it would in norway . 
  so poor , or even med . 
  income americans , would go to mcdonalds to feed their family because they can get stuffed for next to nothing ... 
  tragic really . 
  hey buddy !, 
  found [ someone ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/obesity_in_australia ) you can compete with !, 
  we might be lazy , but we are not fat !, 
  we have that in norway too , and it is not called cheese but `` pizza toppings '' or `` taco toppings '' and the like . 
  it 's more or less 50 % palm oil . 
  consumers here are realizing this more and more , and most food chains are cutting their produce that contain palm oil , and substituting them . 
  actually it can be pretty tasty , but i could only eat one or two slices and i was full . 
  i took the rest to go and it fed me and three other norwegian girls the rest of the day , lol . 
  - keep in mind i ate this is chicago , at one of the original chicago pizza places , so i do not know how the average chicago deep pan tastes , 
  [ red red wiiiiiiine ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtybf99voes ), 
  you are always welcome bros , 
  there are tons of small local airports in norway , but i guess you can either drive or catch the next train ? 
  could be anything really . 
  local services , farming ( or both ) , or they could work in oil . 
  if you work in oil it does n't matter where you live in the country . 
  you work 2 full weeks and have 4 weeks off . 
  you could live in spain if you wanted ... 
   minke whales are the only legally hunted species . 
  catches have fluctuated between 487 animals in 2000 to 592 in 2007 . 
  for the year 2011 the quota is set at 1286 minke whales . 
  [ 25 ] the catch is made solely from the northeast atlantic minke whale population , which is estimated at 102,000 . 
  source : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whaling#norway - i also read a recent article on whale hunting in norway and they are considering expanding the whaling into other species as well as some have become too numerous to support their own population ( because of international fishing ) . 
  it is like all hunting really . 
  like i said i do n't eat whale meat very often . 
  perhaps once per year . 
  ( in the south where i am from , we do not eat whale that much any more ) . 
  whale is a red meat , looks a lot like beef . 
  prepare it well and it is juicy and tender . 
  if you do n't know how to cook it you can ruin it and it will taste oily and awful . 
  and yes , most supermarkets have whale meat in their fish produce sections . 
  it is also sold frozen in portion sizes . 
   well , it is somewhat similar to responsible hunting of western black rhinos . 
  although i am not big on consuming whale , that comparison is totally retarded . 
  whale hunting in norway is done on whales that count in the hundreds of thousands within some of our fishing zones . 
  so a more correct comparison would be hunting deer or other wild animals . 
  indeed . 
  i have also heard rumors of something of that sort giving people with perfectly pale skin a slightly pinkish tone . 
  terrifying stuff really . 
   perhaps you should also make legislation to block out the sun ... [ ] sun ? 
  what is this thing you are talking about ? 
  you seem to consequently miss my ( and others ) point . 
  good because people should walk more . 
  we do ? 
  you do ? 
  i do n't . 
  i only eat mcdonald 's if i 'm hungover and i only eat kebabs when i 'm drunk . 
  well we are hung over some days too . 
  do n't you think the people in bremerhafen and hamburg would be pissed ? 
  nice try putin . 
  well i 'd rather say most of norwegian cities during the winter have a milder climate , because they are coastal . 
  i 've lived in minneapolis . 
  coldest place i have ever been . 
  chicago us cold as fuck too during the winter . 
  also the summers tend to get really really hot . 
  if i had to choose as a norwegian immigrant back then i 'd probably chosen seattle . 
  finnish-swedish is one of my favorite accents . 
  i appreciate you joining in on making fun of how danes `` talk '' ( aka . 
  make weird noises ) , but i really ca n't understand a word that 's coming out of your mouth buddy . 
  well actually longyearbyen in svalbard is further north than any settled area of greenland . 
  so once you are on svalbard you 're pretty much as far north as civilization has come . 
  that fungus on the wall is going to kill you way before any other disease . 
  i 'm on the norwegian south coast soaking up some sun . 
  i 'll be freediving today , maybe get some crabs tonight . 
  tomorrow i 'll probably head back to oslo to go see an apartment that 's for sale . 
  i do n't think it ever was supposed to be funny . 
  it 's * art * . 
  i 've never really liked them . 
   1905 - norway declares full scale war against sweden and its ally germany . 
  no war happend because sweden shitted their pants ~ ~ . ~ ~ * because trolls * . 
  well you 've got a week of rain ahead of you so , you know enjoy the nice day ! . . 
  in your room, 
  actually i was referring to sleswig holstein being a part of germany , and as a matter of fact you invaded denmark more than once . 
  last time was ww2 . 
  you were busy colonizing england during ww2 ? 
  and then you lost all our ships because you placed all your troops everywhere else than copenhagen . 
  do n't most people in wien speak hochdeutsch ? 
  pretty sure it 's closer to laugar . 
  old norse did n't have hte umlaut ** \u00d6 **, 
  * warmed ? 
  * i think you mean heated to near molten lava and eaten straight from the oven . 
  such is grandis life . 
  cool story . 
  i 'll just have a swim in my massive pool made out of money . 
  needed to find a short enough name for your tiny country ?
