  just trying to help . 
  danish ( without the a ) means the language the danes speak . 
  a danish means the pastry . 
  ;-) we actually say `` dansk '' for both here in norway . 
  the danes call themselves `` dansker '' . 
  the more you know . 
  edit : oh and a danish pastry in norwegian is `` wienerbr\u00f8d '' , just so that is clear . 
  hehe . 
  it 's called a dane fyi . 
  a danish is a pastry ( dessert ), 
  we have a bible belt in norway too , does n't make us american . 
  what is it with dutch people that make them the americans of europe ? 
  i think you should keep it . 
  bouvet\u00f8ya has a cool history . 
  not strange considering you 're from bouvet island . 
  what norwegian dialect do you speak there ? 
  oldening, 
  nice !, 
  i 'll have to try that !, 
  this might be a dumb question , but why does your flair say hellas , but the other ones around here say greece ? 
  just wondering because it 's called hellas here in norway . 
  i think it actually looks great but a lot of traditional family/farm meals look that way anyhow . 
  looks delicious , but what is that dark/black stuff ? 
  this was actually a topic in one of the financial newspapers in norway just a few days after the crimea conflict started . 
  an economist wrote about how the conflict was going to make norway a crap ton of money . 
  he got a lot of heat for that article though and people were outraged of course , but how can you really blame him ? 
  he 's an economist , and the article was purely about the economic effect . 
  kids today . 
  a bit of wind and they ca n't do their meager 54 km ski-run across a mountain . 
  norway we had several days of sunshine in oslo . 
  or at least i am pretty sure it was the sun , i remember it from last year . 
  yeah , it 's uk english . 
  i know you americans do n't use it that way . 
  google it . 
  you even adhere to not using a capital letter after a full stop . 
  how ironic . 
  so you do n't see the humor in the responding article ? 
  you know it was written by a british person right ? 
  i agree , that 's why i wrote * continue to think * . 
  on the other side , i think both posts have their humorous sides to them . 
  one for being satire without the journalistic know-how to pull it off , and the other a comical response to enlighten the confused readers . 
  i think the response is meant towards the people who did n't read the original article as satire , but as an article based upon facts or known truths . 
  from what i have read of the responses to the text a lot of british and international readers of the guardian thought the text to be factual in its claims . 
  this is dangerous , because if people continue to think we norwegians ( for instance ) voted for a far-right racist political party , then global views on norway would be very twisted . 
  in short i guess the best response to the guardian would be that if you are going to post satire , then please make it clearer for everyone . 
  as fellow norwegian i just wanted to make something clear . 
  you do n't really * catch * whale . 
  you can catch fish ... whales on the other hand are like huge sea cows and are shot before being hauled on board . 
  to be fair , that place looks cold . 
  probably just making a nice toasty fire , nothing to see here . 
  like a knug . 
  military : norway is a strong nato member , not that military is a big part of the question anyhow ( if that was what you meant by * what ? 
  cute . 
  his norwegian was waaaay off , but i have to agree that he is definitely swedish . 
  norway is the best way . 
  we 'll just have to do our best to keep it that way . 
  1360 euro for a 37 square meters apartment here in oslo . 
  lol, 
   most people do n't believe the devil exists . 
  that makes him way less threatening . 
  best comment i have seen in a while . 
  same in norway , but the button is white with a red cross . 
  you donate the money to red cross . 
  ah , colours that make sense . 
  a rare map at / r/europe indeed . 
  thanks for this !, 
  haha , he is one of the `` ylvis br\u00f8drene '' . 
  they have made several comedy shows here in norway . 
  they come from bergen which is in the `` french r '' areas of norway . 
  link please ? 
  god damn vegas is so much fun . 
  actually it is very close to even sounding german , as we often also say `` svart '' instead of `` sort '' . 
  we also say `` svart arbeid '' when it comes to actually working without paying taxes . 
  `` legal goods and services where people avoid paying tax '' is in norway known as `` betale sort '' = `` paying black '' . 
  my fellow norwegian might just be lost in translation . 
  you can use `` adj\u00f8 '' as much as you like though . 
  aufwiedersen would be an awesome norwegian/danish last name !, 
  * up-boat of sympathy *, 
  silly brit , you do n't have summers . 
  you have rain or fog , that is your climate . 
  last summer was great for me , i had to work all summer as an it-consultant . 
  did n't mind sitting inside in the rain all summer , 
  our country is just the `` way north '' yours is the `` land of ice '' , if you wanted better weather you should have chosen a better name :p - warm hug from norway, 
  lol , i am going to start using that line , 
  - that was our plan all along . 
  sincerely norwegian tourism board, 
  i loled . 
  i was thinking in a more formal setting ( wherever you are in the world ) . 
  if you are coming to scandinavia though , do n't hug girls at parties . 
  give them handshakes . 
  i am at a loss for words how amazing that was !, 
  thanks for sharing . 
  you can pretty much never go wrong with a handshake . 
  that might be true , but there are of course exceptions . 
  a former colleague of mine from morocco is working in a supermarket when he could have been on disability benefit . 
  he told me he thought it would be rude and unworthy for a man to come to a new country , get tons of benefit ( his children getting an education for free ) , and then not work . 
  well i stick to what i said earlier then . 
  if you study the numbers pre ww2 and after ww2 our country was booming . 
  sweden has slightly higher gdp , but you guys skipped the whole ww2 deal and your industy was strong because of that . 
  if you check the number we were on par with countries like belgium , netherlands and above the western europe average before the oil hit us in the very early 70s .
