  the big brands are shit yes , but craft beers from the us are amongst the best in the world . 
  so in pure numbers of quality craft beers i 'm sure the us beats most countries . 
  - what 's the weather like ? 
  where ? 
  - in norway ? 
  oh , what 's the weather like on the east coast of the us ? 
  - where ? 
  maine ? 
  new york ? 
  virginia ? 
  south carolina ? 
  florida ? 
  exactly . 
  put a bunch of garlic on anything and it 'll taste good . 
  exactly . 
  just thought others might find it interesting . 
  as of 2016 the far south region ( rogaland + agder ) is closer to 5 % , which would give it a light blue color . 
  you should go outside more . 
  yep !, 
  true , i 'm trying my best not to be too hung over tomorrow . 
  hipp hipp hurra hurra hurra !, 
  dzi\u0119ki that 's heart warming to hear . 
  it 's a great day to celebrate us , our children and our ancestors . 
  thanks !, 
  hipp hipp hurra !, 
  lots of work , long periods out at sea not seeing your family . 
  you also talk about your family a lot like the rest of us do n't have one and could never understand the importance of one . 
  that part on captain france also looked like a norwegian city . 
  maybe stavanger or bergen ? 
  'cause the germans have n't arrived yet . 
  also wind . 
  i grew up on the south coast of norway . 
  fairly humid and always a breeze . 
  25c would be a bit chilly in the shade . 
  25c in oslo ( with much less humidity and wind ) feels warm . 
  looks like someone is cheating in civilization . 
  this is absolutely horrible , my heart is broken . 
  stay safe love from your neighbor in the west . 
  j\u00e6vla malm kommode . 
  * eu not that we are actually doing a good job either ... just sayin, 
  you 're welcome . 
  island < 3, 
  ahem, 
  welcome georgians , i 've heard atlanta is nice this time of the year . 
  just ^ kidding ^ iknow ^ not ^ us-georgia ^ pleasedo n'tkillme, 
  what are you talking about , depressing ? 
  i 'm loving it here in ... oh i see what you are doing . 
  yes yes , we have it terrible . 
   also , oil money . 
  most countries with `` oil money '' are worse off for it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/resource_curse also all the nordic countries were fairly well off before the 60s/70s . 
  you 're a bit too late for the snow , you 'll have to join us in the mountains for that . 
  good luck, 
  insulation ? 
  trying to pronounce this gave me a hangout and the weekend has n't even started yet ... 
  thanks a bunch finland, 
  `` letters '', 
  and my axe, 
  edit : it seems it 's actually teutates in norway . 
  this and the danish one was super cringy , but the norwegian one is the worst one yet . 
  yeah the danish one sucked too, 
  it was a joke but ok . 
  well the reason you speak english is because of influences by lots of neighbors . 
  like the vikings . 
  so would n't learning other languages be kinda cool ? 
  still a germanic language though . 
  i think you mean denmark - danish ( gibberish ), 
  well it is basically the same written language . 
  the danes just forgot how to pronounce it . 
  you are now an honorary norwegian or swede . 
  or both . 
  welcome . 
  yeah whatever denmark . 
  just live with what you have . 
  the people wants it to happen . 
  our politicians are useless though . 
  sorry about that . 
  oooo poor denmark feeling insignificant . 
  do n't really think it 's correct to say that we are culturally closer to denmark then sweden . 
  yeah . 
  all the earthquakes in norway are really problematic . 
  i think you misspelled hill . 
  and denmark , suck it denmark too . 
   it can always be worse . 
  like gary , indiana , usa ? 
  nonsense , your government is satire . 
  kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 !, 
  sk\u00c5l !, 
  haha !, 
  take that the rest of you shoddy nordic `` healthcare '' `` countries '' !, 
  we win !, 
  world leading cat pics distributors . 
  i can live with that . 
  my word , i could eat my own weight in those things . 
  you said trump, 
  digestive ? 
  so eh russia is the us of europe ? 
  interesting, 
  you ran out of biscuits did n't you ? 
  stella :( what happened to the good old english bitter ?
