  i could eat pinnekj\u00f8tt all year . 
  you can bbq it as well . 
  it 's amazing edit : just do n't forget lager and aquavit . 
  you 'll need it, 
  there are like a bazillion types of herring though . 
  karrisild , julesild , tomatsild , sursild , the list goes on . 
  the difference between the recipes in norway , denmark and sweden are no bigger than they can be between private family recipes . 
  i think you got for it from us buddy . 
  edit : us as in northern europe, 
  norway does, 
  so , eh what did we win ? 
  show me the prize !, 
  edit : stupid autocorrect, 
  beer , bacon and picking on sweden . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  a speed bump . 
  ah the dens . 
  how could i forget . 
  my apologies . 
  i ca n't argue with such flawless logic . 
  denmark have oil reserves . 
  oil is n't doing too well now any ways . 
  you might be better off with bacon and carlsberg . 
  at least we are giving something away !, 
  finnmark is larger than denmark . 
  take denmark instead !, 
  love your honesty . 
  here , have a mountain !, 
  hahahaha . 
  cause fuck finland , right ? 
  estland is trying really fucking hard to be in nordic . 
  edit : sorry , estonia, 
  looks like a gaping wound , or an alien . 
  it 's up there . 
  or are you referring to svalbard ? 
  that 's better . 
  also sorry about forgetting you guys do n't know how to write properly . 
  edit : lol , butthurt danes are butthurt . 
  do n't take yourselves so seriously . 
  if you make jokes about others then do n't b surprised if others make jokes back . 
  you shrunk the norwegian coastline on purpose you knob !, 
  also , who do you think you are calling us pseudo danes ? 
  you will call us by your usual terminology : fjellaber . 
  impressive !, 
  you should try it out during the easter vacation , in the mountains . 
  should n't be cold , you 'll have the opportunity to get sunburned as f. . . and you can go to an afterski and get drunk afterwards looking like a lobster together with everyone else . 
   i 'm honestly afraid of what a winter 2000 kilometers up north would do to me ... 
  it 'll make you try out skiing . 
  do you even langlaufen !, 
  trondheim probably has a 50 % chance of snow all year round , haha . 
  canada is also almost infinitely larger than denmark though :p, 
  that 's normal in grimstad and other parts of s\u00f8rlandet as well . 
  you 'll see the first flowers blooming in mid febuary quite often , and the chance of snow in december is low . 
  green christmas is the norm . 
  yup . 
  but that 's a good thing . 
  while the danish kroner is tied to the euro , the swedish and norwegian kroner can more easily regulate their currency in bad times . 
  they are the same now . 
  he is german ... 
  a lot of norwegians travel within norway most of the year . 
  so in the winter a lot will visit their winter cabin in the mountains , and in the summer many eastern and western norwegians travel to the south coast to enjoy summer in their summer house . 
  the mediterranean countries , especially southern spain and greece are also important travel destinations of course . 
  you are clearly not drunk enough, 
  hallingdans is break dancing before run dmc made it cool . 
  same with norway . 
  [ bj\u00f8rk ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d4/stammmoorbirke.jpg ), 
  now you live on bouvet\u00f8ya ? 
  how are the penguins ? 
   i think it 's pretty cool that most of the churches have remained essentially ~ ~ unchanged ~ ~ unburnt . 
  ftfy edit : stupid google autocorrect, 
  you mean the exhaust vents for the tunnel ? 
  yeah they suck . 
  in the mountains ? 
  snow ? 
  half of europe emigrated to the us . 
  does n't make for a good argument there buddy . 
  that 's like saying norway had especially bad sanitation during the black plague . 
   if everything goes wrong and oil is worthless tomorrow the most you can expect is to have your standard of living fall to the level of denmark and sweden . 
  hey , shit , someone else are ( at least almost ) from grimstad around here . 
  it was budgeted for , but if you read the next line it was n't all spent . 
  and we have had so much surplus that every time we have budgeted for more we have n't actually been able to spend 4 % at the end of the fiscal year . 
  this year might actually be an exemption though , because the fund is doing badly ( considering how well it has been doing ) . 
  even though this year we have budgeted to spend more than ever we still might not break the 4 % barrier . 
  actually the government has n't spent over the 4 % rule yet . 
  no it 's norway !, 
  really , i 've never seen such polls , do you have a link ? 
  the view here in norway is n't against the russian people , it 's the whole deal with russian government and ukraine . 
  only norwegians to have direct contact with russians on a day to day basis are people from east finnmark . 
  and last i heard russians are a-ok . 
  or you know you can eat lots of fish and drink milk/dairy with added vitamin d. like we do in the north . 
   norway have a paragraph in the immigration law for situations with mass asylum seekers . 
  we used the same system during the bosnian war . 
  they had to leave too . 
  sure , but some stayed . 
  source : i have bosnian friends . 
  i think he is referring to percentage of foreign born and 2 gen. in oslo is about 32 % of the total population . 
  given most of these are from eu + east/nordics . 
   figured , that was the impression i got from talking to norwegians and * trying * to talk to danes through work godspeed . 
  i am half danish and some of them are still impossible to comprehend . 
  should be stated though some norwegian and ( a few ) swedish dialects are hard too , but the danes are on a different level .
