  not jul that 's for sure . 
  merry yuletide for sure . 
  god jul !, 
  do n't think we export pinnekj\u00f8tt but we should . 
  food of the gods . 
  just remember enough beer and aquavit . 
  you do n't eat it like that . 
  you put it in water to remove much of the salt . 
  you do have t\u00f8rrfisk though that you eat dry . 
  it 's more of a snack . 
  not my favorite thing to eat . 
  i prefer my fish fresh . 
  you mean usa is inserting his florida into egypts canal ? 
  that sounds even worse imo . 
  edit : egypt needs to get it self checked asap !, 
  go look at stavanger in norway . 
  or if you want extreme north and mild temperatures , look at reine in norway . 
  no problem !, 
  - 450,000 freshwater lakes in norway - there are some 188,000 lakes in finland ... edit : rounded off edit2 : awww , butthurt finn with his handful of lakes, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/revivalism_ ( architecture ), 
  hey sweden , what 's up dawg ? 
  running in great in norway between march/april and october/november . 
  it 's just the winter that sucks a bit , but that 's why we have skiis . 
   we did n't exactly give you to sweden . 
  the english gave you to them to flip them against ol' bony . 
  because you lost our ships like the sumpnisser you are . 
  well at least the swedes let us have our freedom no thanks to you . 
  well we have them to and real mountains so norway 1-0 denmark . 
  well you did invent dynamite , but blowing up trash just spreads the shit all over the place . 
  so , eh how are you guys doing ? 
  little brothers ? 
  bah , more like cousins . 
  we like sweden now . 
  or be run over by r/de in less than 4 hours ... 
  i know . 
  just trying to include the american i was replying to . 
  but who is going to make my cortado then ? 
  it 's ok sverige . 
  we bros now . 
   norway would be ridiculous . 
  you do n't drive in norway , you fly !, 
  well after being in pretty much constant wars for almost 1000 years you get fed up . 
  it 's 50f here now . 
  norway is a pretty long country , in fact as long as the us west coast or almost the us east coast . 
  so you 'd imagine we have different climates too . 
  which means that when you reach norway the frozen wastelands ends , and you have beautiful landscape right ? 
  ^ right ? 
  you pay in dollars bro ? 
  you guys are livin the dream up there !, 
  bacon , beer and cigarettes . 
  have fun . 
  sorry to tell this to you but we might be closing down the base on jan mayen . 
  you might need those longships yourself pretty soon . 
  i would n't trust my cousin either if his name was raggar-anders . 
  keep it up sheep shagger !, 
  this is the european subreddit . 
  well that and swamp goblins ( danes ) . 
  yeah you are far north , that 's cute . 
  no , that 's our land . 
  viking meadow is for vikings !, 
  well if it means that i can keep my ** pinnekj\u00f8tt ** to my self then fine !, 
  we were stopped on the swedish side of the \u00d8resundsbroen . 
  guys who stopped us looked inside the car and asked : `` norrbaggar ? '', 
  guy : `` k\u00f6r p\u00e5 !, 
  no passport needed , 
  i 'm half danish so it 's ok . 
  you do n't ? 
  danes are known to be a tad racist . 
  no , they are norwegian again now . 
  sure you are norwegian ? 
  they are danes : 1 . 
  they do n't understand each other so the attack will ultimately fail 2 . 
  that beach has rocks . 
  the danes wo n't know what to do . 
  you are now an honorary norwegian and i will henceforth refer to you as candinavian . 
  a lot better . 
  kjolen mountains = woman 's dress mountain . 
  that does n't make any sense op, 
  haha yeah my face really went wtf when i read kjolen mountains . 
  nooooo , but they have equally scary things like tatzelwurm and b\u00f6\u00f6gg, 
  i thought we were talking about countries ? 
  riiiiiiight you are . 
  since it 's your birthday . 
  but tomorrow we go back to being the best as always . 
  yeah actually i take that back . 
  weather looks better now than when i checked . 
  still not very warm , but decent . 
  i was thinking of maybe going to tallinn or helsinki for the weekend . 
  checked the weather . 
  nope, 
  i live in central parts of eastern oslo . 
  remind us please where it 's getting bad ? 
  i felt more unsafe when i lived close to solli plass tbh . 
  yes way . 
  sympathetic upvote, 
  beautiful !, 
  sunburned af on the south coast of norway . 
  interesting , thanks !, 
  i bet . 
  does n't happen too often here though .
