  did some norwegian hurt your feelings today buddy ? 
  need a shoulder to cry on ? 
  sounds like a guy from bergen sneezing . 
  waiiit ... we are in the eu now !? 
  i just woke up , what happened !!, 
  men for helvete da . 
  why does that make you happy ? 
  beautiful !, 
  i thought it also was the oldest town in denmark ? 
  norway does n't . 
  edit : race that is . 
  germany wants your beaches too . 
  pff , denmark are you even trying ? 
  tell me about it . 
  i 'm an urban planner . 
  norwegians love tunnels and think it 's the fix it all for some reason . 
  swiss mountain bro should know better . 
  it 's not a matter of tax money well spent , but conquering the mountains !, 
  this was built in 93 ' by engineering students in trondheim . 
  i have never heard of an accident . 
  you try pedaling up a 150m hill at 20 % incline . 
  f * that . 
  better let the engineering students make a lift . 
  that 's tax money well spent . 
  this was built in 93 ' in trondheim . 
  not really an oil city either . 
  the incline is 20 % . 
  you guys barely even have 2 % incline . 
  rest in peace in peace ? 
  is this a reference or something ? 
  bacon . 
  you 're being downvoted because people disagree , which is against the reddit ethics . 
  it 's just something that is starting to annoy me quite a bit . 
  we have done mistakes before . 
  edit : i must clearly be wrong . 
  norway have never done anything wrong , i take it back . 
   i think we white people can take some flak at an award show with a smile . 
  if by `` we '' you mean you americans right ? 
  last time we enslaved anyone was over a thousand years ago . 
  and most of them were white thralls . 
  interesting how people do n't understand not to downvote based on disagreement . 
  i 'm pretty sure the map is showing towns/cities though . 
  earth do n't give a damn about recent history . 
  your forests are as impressive as your mountains . 
   yup , same day delivery is relativekt wideaprwad wow hey ... are you ok there scotland ? 
  not even close . 
  frp is a populist party with lots of stupid local politicians who say stupid shit in the media . 
  they are not as right wing as they are portrayed abroad . 
  i used to be in the venstre youth party , which historically has been one of the most vocal enemies towards frp, 
  we found ( ed ) them !, 
  thorsm\u00f6rk ? 
  does m\u00f6rk come from mark , as in field/landscape , or m\u00f8rk as in dark ? 
  thanks for all the fika . 
  we 'll keep the velferd spirit alive . 
  good theory . 
  vaginas can be a bit scary even in our modern society . 
  i can only imagine how it would have been thousands of years ago . 
  ahhh , cool . 
  where i 'm from in norway kuse means vagina . 
  that 's right comrade . 
  when hell freezes over , that 's when you know that you are in norway . 
  kuse in norwegian is a different kind of monster . 
  ... so basically finland then ? 
  beautiful !, 
  he said town and not city though . 
  we differentiate up here . 
  also none of those places are considered major in norway . 
  i guess it depends on where you are from . 
  if oil was running out we would have high oil prices . 
  the `` problem '' right now is the opposite . 
  there is too much oil making it cheap . 
  the main norwegian problem is that we have invested and hired a lot when the prices were insanely high . 
  now that they are back to normal it is felt the most by those who invested most and did n't shave off costs . 
  you missed a great opportunity for a `` yo mama '' joke . 
  all these expats trying to make friends ... ca n't have that now can we ? 
   i tend to work even more during winters because it 's so dark and depressing i might as well spend * a few extra hours at work * . 
  so ... like 8 hours total then ? 
   stopped reading there . 
  i know [ language ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-moy8vuebk ) can be a bit hard for you danes , but you should really try a bit harder . 
  pfffffff, 
  hey , this is your second reply trying to make friends !, 
  im watching you !, 
  watch out for this guy i 'm telling you . 
  i smell something fishy . 
   as for norwegians ... hard nosed , stubborn bastards , and i love it . 
  i 'm not stubborn !, 
  it 's just that we suck at small talk so when we try to do it up here it gets uncomfortable really quick . 
  but when we go abroad and meet people who are good at small talk then it works and we like it . 
  it 's a shame :(, 
  as long as they are our penguins . 
  but ... italian sounds so much better !, 
  that 's troms\u00f8 right ? 
  tell me about it . 
  love karrisild . 
  god jul , or merry yuletide is the most appropriate . 
  edit : in norway, 
  vatt ar yuu talking abaut ? 
  d\u00f8n ' t yuu tink dat aour \u00e6nglisj is a bitt veird ? 
  yeah all kinds of things , like meat and stuff . 
  they are great .
