  omg thank you for finding his arm swede . 
  good thing we have free healthcare . 
  what were the tents for , volunteers ? 
  my finnish is limited to vittu and perkele . 
  [ we might only have two soldiers but at least one of them shows some fighting spirit . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/jp1yclqxd1q?t=6s ), 
  i 'm pretty sure that was playing on the satire in this thread . 
  right ? 
  that thatcher was the dogs bollocks . 
  no wait what are the bad bollocks again ? 
  sure but try a trip from the northern most point in norway to the southern most . 
  anyways , next to nobody will drive that far in norway . 
  flying is cheaper and faster . 
  well not completely surrounded brother , you have a tiiiiiny bit that is connected to us !, 
  feel better now ? 
  most european capitals are designed for horses and carts , nothing special about that . 
  dublin needs to build a more efficient transit system and make the city centre a place for people and not cars . 
  just came back from visiting dublin for six days ( i know there is more to ireland than dublin ) . 
  i 'm norwegian . 
  lovely city . 
  dubliners are nice , easy to talk to . 
  the city is different coming from northern europe my self , but i like it . 
  dublin really has a car problem though . 
  it kinda sucks being a pedestrian or a cyclist ( all those cars parked in the bicycle lane ) . 
  also a metro or train from the airport would be nice , but the distances are not that great so i get why you do n't have them . 
  i drank guinness on the guinness tour in dublin this week . 
  there are better dry stouts out there but it is not bad at all . 
  personally i prefer a milk stout though . 
  i know right . 
  i really do not like zucchinis , but i do n't try to make it illegal for other people to like them . 
  ah , love the smell of whale farts in the morning !, 
  shit !, 
  my atheist cover is blown . 
  you are right . 
  please give * he who shall not be named * any ideas . 
  i 'm enjoying my freedom thank you very much . 
  super israel ? 
  but we are n't occupying anything , and we are not settling villages in sweden . 
  til !, 
  thanks, 
  you are welcome . 
  we also have `` vik '' which is a smaller part of a fjord . 
  which is also where the name viking comes from . 
  greetings from oslo !, 
  hipp hipp !, 
  seriously , what the heck is going on in this thread ? 
  that is why i only partially disagreed . 
  indeed there are many roads , especially on the west coast and in northern norway , that are not up to standard . 
  they are often too narrow for trucks and buses , with too many corners and not enough places to overtake other vehicles . 
   they 're there but they are badly maintaned and underdimentioned . 
  badly maintained is probably true and even the norwegian road administration ( statens vegvesen ) agrees . 
  but i disagree partly to roads being under-dimensioned . 
  we are in a period where there is a shift from building cities and infrastructure to suit cars ( which has been the case from 1965 -  today ) , to building cities and infrastructure to suit people and transit . 
  in many cases roads can therefore be seen as over-dimensioned . 
  because we want people to ride their bicycle , take the train , the bus or walk . 
  great . 
  bbc documentaries usually become available through the `` norwegian bbc '' called nrk . 
  i think i can answer your first question because it is not a muslim problem , or regional problem , it 's a world problem . 
  ask any conservative , christian , many americans ( especially in the south ) , russians etc. 
  the same question and you would get basically the same response . 
  all in all it boils down to hateful things they have learned and general uneducatedness about the topic . 
  if you are interested about the topic , especially about views on gays , you should check out stephen frys documentary on the subject . 
  trade and that it was considered upper class for a while ? 
  also the map leaves out most of nord j\u00e6ren for some reason . 
  the stavanger area has a quite pronounced guttural r. 
  i guess it would be best to keep things * lagom * ? 
  i 'm ^ truly ^ sorry ^ i 'll _ show_myself_out . 
  all you need is a shitty kebab or some indian food . 
  should make at least 3 gas . 
  thank me later ... or curse my name , it 's up to you . 
  as a norwegian . 
  you must be drunk . 
  or perhaps you were thinking of the eu and not all of europe ? 
   i 've got nothing for norway why thank you . 
  that 's so stereotypical of you . 
  as a norwegian i really ca n't see a problem with these stereotypes . 
  for those of you who have n't seen it yet . 
  here is the video that was aired on tv in norway from the total eclipse on svalbard : http://www.nrk.no/troms/relive-the-solar-eclipse-1.12270803, 
   zigenare right , norwegian equivalent is sig\u00f8ynere . 
  but rom-folk has really caught on . 
  i thought he was talking about the swiss being rich so americans can go there to beg , but now i have no clue what 's going on . 
  rom-folk , not romanians . 
  not trying to defend the poor journalism that is displayed in the article , but at least in norway the name for gypsies ( rom-folk ) and romanians ( rumenere ) is fairly close in pronunciation . 
  which is why i think people here have a problem with getting it right some times . 
  if you ask most norwegians i am sure they know the difference . 
  i mean i have romanian engineers working in the same company as me . 
  can confirm everything you wrote . 
  eu not europe . 
  have you ever been to copenhagen during winter !? 
  fuck that , i 'd take winters in oslo over that every time . 
  i know the tv series . 
  if you had read a book or two then you 'd know you 're `` facts '' are bs , that we were n't dirt poor before oil . 
  norway was about as well of as denmark , and at about 70 % of the gdp per capita of sweden just before 1970 . 
  some years before we had any oil to talk about . 
  actually our gdp per capita was better than denmark already in 1960 ( although marginally ) . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/norway/gdp-per-capita . 
  https://www.quora.com/would-norway-be-much-poorer-if-they-hadnt-found-oil . 
  http://eh.net/book_reviews/norwegian-catch-up-development-and-globalization-before-world-war-ii/ . 
  assholes like you spreading bullshit on reddit pisses me off . 
  where did that come from ?
