  its better to do , as you did , to show that the top figures approve of this . 
  me saying , `` lets wait and see '' was more along the lines - only time will tell if they will pass it or not , i wont change your mind and you wont change mine ( im completely against this abortion ban , but i think there is no chance in hell it will get voted in ) . 
  is anything that i said incorrect ? 
  did they prepare , help collect signatures ? 
  plus , talk is cheap , especially coming from politicians . 
  lets just wait and see what happens , if it gets voted in . 
  again with these lies . 
  this has nothing to do with the current government , they didnt prepare this project , they didnt help collect the required signatures and they wont pass this in . 
  its a civic project that has to be at least acknowledged by the parliament . 
  just like the other civic project that liberates abortion . 
  the article seems pretty good and a fair assessment on the polish side , dont really know enough about internal workings of hungary . 
  why would locals help migrants ( they are not refugees ) that attacked the locals and then attacked the police ? 
  the article clearly states the migrants were the ones who started this and then attacked the police , but who cares about facts , right ? 
  it really shows your true colors that migrants attacked the locals ( who had far right views ) and then attacked the police , but the locals are the bad guys , not the migrants ... is it ok to physically attack people that have different views to yours ? 
  thats true , but people who dislike him joke about him being single with a cat , not having a driving license etc. 
  but they rarely admit what he has achieved in politics ( which is a lot ) . 
  am i missing something , where is the fucking logic in this ? 
  in theory , these people are `` running away from war '' so europe has to help them , but if they get paid some money , its suddenly ok for them to go back to `` war '' ? 
  im liking norway more and more . 
  my thoughts exactly , heres another video of a less succesful attempt of them doing this - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5tpjg30uvy, 
  childrens sweat , tears and blood make the fabrics super soft and nice . 
  didnt you edit your previous post ? 
  it said something like `` fact : not a single human has ever been harmed as a result of an idea/words . '', 
  if you dont mean physical harm , then your `` fact '' isnt true . 
  there are plenty harmful ideas , words , ideologies etc. 
  am i understanding you correctly , its ok to say whatever you want because there is no physical harm ? 
  well then we disagree on this . 
  imo people should be responsible for what they do . 
  im not saying necessarily jail for saying something stupid , but some type of consequence , depending on what they said . 
  like verbal threats , slander , `` hate speech '' is also becoming more in more popular in some countries , etc. 
   but they were n't trying to make it completely paralyzed and subservient to the government , well that depends who you ask . 
  there are a couple theories about this . 
  some more probable than others . 
  the one supported by pis voters is that po added the extra judges to have as many as possible ( which they already had a strong majority ) to be able to block important pis reforms that they promised during the elections . 
  another , more probable is that it was a political trap for pis and if thats true - pis fell straight into it , but it hasnt done too much damage ( their poll results are constantly high ) . 
  po claims it was just a simple mistake . 
  not a political action . 
  now what the exact truth is we dont know and most likely never will , but personally i dont think it was just a simple mistake on po side . 
  that being said , all sides are to blame , including the constitution . 
  its cute how you think the eu is a one way street . 
  do you really think the richer countries are `` giving '' money to the poorer countries out of the goodness of their heart ? 
  so when you said :  whatever chief judge is appointed by pis will just be another notarian , like the president and the pm you didnt mean the rulings they will make ? 
  you still didnt answer my question ... stop with the illuminati bullshit , you are the only one bringing it up . 
  out of curiosity , do you think all the ct judges are bias or just the ones picked by pis ? 
  i disagree . 
  its not comparable at all . 
  people in general dont care much about the ct court , especially in the last years wiith some of its decisions , the elections are a completely different thing . 
  pis ( and any other party ) would never just ignore election results . 
  i would say all sides are to blame here , from the parties - pis and po , the ct judges and the constitution itself ( poorly written ) . 
  i wouldnt hold my breath if i were you . 
  maybe not most , but there are some people out there , that truly believe poland is going to be a dictatorship any day now . 
  ive heard many extreme but serious claims what the government will be doing soon , including shooting protesters, 
  really ? 
  have you not heard what the hell is going on over there ? 
  delusional ... 
  bullshit , thats not how you have a rational discussion . 
  arguments should be important , not saying untrue and unfair extremes . 
  there for those comparisons are wrong and unfair . 
  im not saying its impossible , but i dont see it that way . 
  theres a lot to criticize pis for , but turning poland into a dictatorship imho isnt one of them . 
  poland is far from being a dictatorship or anywhere close to be like the listed countries . 
  do you think that currently the situation in poland and turkey are comparable ? 
  i dont recall `` police state '' but things like `` dictatorship '' , being compared to russia/iran/turkey etc. 
  happens quite often . 
  that is also bad , but its a lot harder to control greece borders . 
  my point still stands , they are crossing from serbia ( non eu country ) to hungary ( eu country ) , so why is protecting your own borders and the outer borders of eu a bad thing ? 
  is that a reason not to protect their borders and the eu outer borders ? 
  great , but obviously that isnt enough . 
  but what do our politicians fight about ? 
  taking them in , which is the worse option . 
  which i reply with - why the hell isnt the eu focusing on this ?!, 
  this is the most effective way to help the largest amount of people . 
  dont be mad at ee countries for not paying much , be mad at the people who are organising the help for migrants , they are the ones fucking things up by focusing on the wrong things and ignoring the best solutions . 
   again , a safe country does not equal a roof over ones head . 
  this may sound harsh , but `` and ? '', 
  it sucks people dont have where to live but as far as i know , not having a roof over your head doesnt qualify you as a refugee and doesnt mean you can go live anywhere you want . 
   says every country beyond turkey ... and they are right to say it , its true . 
  after that point they are not escaping war . 
  instead of taking them all in , which is pointless , lets try to help and create appropriate conditions over there , which is a lot more economically effective and we will be able to help more people that way . 
  its sad but the amount of people living in the world at the lowest level of poverty is huge and we cant fit them all in europe , there isnt enough space , not evening mentioning money to do so . 
   irrelevant , poland could and should unilaterally give more . 
  your argument comes down to `` nobody is officially telling us to do it so we do n't do it '' . 
  we could , but how much ? 
  how would we decide what a good level is if no one is talking about this ? 
  my argument is that the eu cant have any beef with us for not paying enough money since this was never brought up . 
  the only real issue they have with poland is that we dont want to blindly take in immigrants that dont want to live here and make them stay . 
   country of origin and common fucking sense . 
  ok , we know the country of origin ( ignoring the large numbers that only pretend to be from syria ) , whats your fucking common sense ? 
  tell me how do they get from syria ( ongoing war ) to hungary without passing a safe country ? 
  when they try to enter hungary , they are not fleeing war anymore . 
  please explain , im really curious what you will come up with . 
  get off your high horse . 
  you are not personally responsible for every person in need in your city . 
  you want to help others , great !, 
  but dont pretend you would take anyone/everyone in , even if they break into your house . 
  yes , illegally breaking into someones house is a very good excuse not to help them . 
   what hungary is doing is installing a new lock and buying pepper spray to keep them out . 
  i think you would do the same thing if suddenly people started to break into your house ( illegal border crossing ) without your permission . 
   why did n't they just stay in europe ? 
  i dont know , maybe because whole europe was in war and it was more peaceful there ?
