  if you want i can call those polish immigrants instead of refugees , doesnt really matter . 
  but are you seriously comparing those two . 
  lets spot the differences - whole families , lots of older people , did not cross borders illegally , did not go to the country with best social benefits etc. 
  but still you did not answer . 
  on what basis are you claiming these are refugees and not immigrants . 
   so poor you ca n't manage more that a couple million ? 
  please ... you waste that much on corruption while i sneeze . 
  ill say this again since you didnt answer last time , i havent heard any discussions about financial aid , have you ? 
  you cant say - ooh , you are not giving enough money , when the topic of money hasnt been raised . 
  the priorities of the eu is to force people to stay where they dont want to be , not how much financial aid each eu country is giving . 
  you really have some kind of polish complex , you keep `` attacking '' the fact im from poland . 
  i definitely would feel bad that he died and earlier would have considered some other ways of helping , for example taking him to a homeless shelter , but not at all for not letting him live with me . 
  it may be sad , but its just not realistic , we cant `` save '' everyone by doing this . 
  using this logic , you should go out in the evening looking for people to help out , because they may freeze in the night . 
  you had 2 options , do nothing or find and save someone . 
  i know this is taking it a step further , but the logic stands . 
  i dont understand this logic . 
  what if a homeless person knocks on your door and asks to live with you , you will have to feed and bathe them . 
  when you refuse , he dies later . 
  are you responsible ? 
  in my opinion , no . 
  you can try helping him - money , a meal , take him to a homeless shelter , but beyond that , your not responsible . 
  agreed , its odd how protecting your borders is something bad now . 
  because it was a 10 year old that drowned in a pond , because he wasnt being supervised by his mother or any other guardian . 
  what if he was just taking a swim and drowned , would that also be hungarys fault ? 
  would you be responsible for a homless man after not letting him into your house ? 
   i wont list any under $ 10 million . 
  point is , pretty much everyone is helping out except eastern-europe . 
  hmmm ... maybe because eastern-europe is poor compared to the west ? 
   agreed , lets start by using the 82.5 billion euro 's being invested in to poland by the eu . 
  yes , because the eu is giving money to poland out of the goodness in their heart . 
  nothing is free , in a huge simplification , poland gets money , eu gets new markets and cheap labor . 
  in the future we will start to put in more money than we take out . 
  have you heard of any negotiations about eu countries financial help for the migrant crisis ? 
  i havent , the loudest demands are to take the immigrants in . 
  the only thing that comes to mind is the threat to pay 250 thousand euro for each migrant not taken in . 
  still thats about taking them in , not financial help . 
   read the third article i linked . 
  would you want to stay ? 
  so why are you mad at poland for not wanting to force thousands of people to stay against their wishes ? 
   safety does n't put a roof over your head so you agree these are not refugees seeking asylum , they are people looking for the best comfort of life - economic immigrants . 
  in that case , why does any european country have to take them all in ? 
  you have got to be kidding me . 
  how in the world are they responsible for that ? 
  i understand if the kid starved because hungary wasnt giving them any food or something like that , but this was an accident , do you expect hungary to have people following the migrants everywhere just in case something happens ? 
   you actually do believe these men are fundamentally different from you . 
  good god . 
  whats so surprising in people from different countries having different cultures ? 
  different cultures and religions cause different mentalities . 
  havent you noticed how many of them have problems assimilating ? 
  why do you think that is , because we are all the same ? 
   do you really think this ? 
  facepalm admittingly i have a limited knowledge on this , but im pretty sure in some muslim countries they are treated worse than men , yes . 
  sharia law differs depending on the interpretations , are you seriously telling me , all of them put a women and men as equals ? 
  havent you heard of things like : a man can have 4 wives , while a women only one husband , a man can divorce his wife even without her consent while she would need his consent for divorce etc. 
  these are just examples and im sure its not everywhere , but it definitely is part of their culture . 
  what can i say , we are a poor country , but im sure the eu would have a lot better results if they decided financial help is more important , rather then trying to force everyone to take immigrants in . 
   http://www.unhcr.org/protection/resettlement/573dc82d4/resettlement-other-admission-pathways-syrian-refugees-updated-30-2016.html poland 900 and how many wanted to stay in poland ? 
  why force these people to live somewhere they dont want to be ? 
   and as for why refugees prefer western-europe/scandinavia , so they are not refugees , as far as i know , a refugee seeks asylum in the first safe country possible . 
  economic immigrants cherry pick and go where there are the best social benefits . 
   no , it does n't . 
  so we need to ask , once again , why there are more male refugees than female . 
  and the answer `` they are cowards who do n't care about their families '' is a non-sterter . 
  well , lets think about that . 
  where are they running to ? 
  mainly countries like germany and sweden . 
  what do they have in common ? 
  high social benefits , this is not a surprise since many of them dont even pretend and shout out things like `` we want money '' . 
  if this was a purely `` run away from danger since we are most at risk '' wouldnt they stop in the first safe country rather then increasing the danger they are in by going so far into europe ? 
  why are there more men ? 
  maybe they just think the same way as you - theres nothing wrong in running away leaving your family behind . 
  also in their culture , arent women worth less than men ? 
  whos going to stop them from leaving ? 
  their mothers/sisters/wives / children ? 
  i do care and you still havent answered my question . 
  you know there are other ways of helping them , not just taking them all in ? 
   luckily it has nothing to do with you . 
  stop personalising ethical decisions , that 's how you end up with ridiculous policies like the death penalty . 
  as an outsider , you should be able to weigh the factors with a clear mind , instead you 're taking it personally . 
  im sorry i have an opinion , how dare i. 
  but to the point , i am looking at this with a clear mind and dont see logic behind your argument - those who can fight/defend run and those who cant stay . 
  even with the fact that men are more in danger , that doesnt change the fact that the rest is also . 
   that 's not possible in this context . 
  you do n't get that option , you get the be slaughtered if you refuse to join a side , try to keep your head down and maybe survive or join one of the group of monsters currently eating each other 's hearts . 
  and what happens to the women/children ? 
  they become these monsters objects , they cant refuse them anymore than the men , they just have other `` purposes '' which are also sick and twisted . 
  why do you keep ignoring the fact that others ( not young men ) are also in grave danger . 
   staying to fight , in this specific context , is not the best option under any circumstance . 
  not quiet what you said , is it ? 
  i was speaking in wider terms , not specifically this situation . 
  sarcasm , right ? 
  but seriously , how is a 10 year old kid drowning relevant to this article that hungary will be throwing out illegal migrants . 
  it wasnt the armies fault the kid died , it wasnt the border controls fault and so on . 
  who is to blame for that tragedy ? 
  hungary or the mother ? 
   that 's exactly what it means , ffs . 
  at a much greater risk . 
  it 's not even comparable . 
  again , i understand what your saying , just that its not a good enough argument for me to abandon my family .
