i didnt look into this too much , im not from his area , so i could be wrong but i think he mainly was referring to doctors being able to give patients substances , for example oils . 
  iirc around election time , it was loud about a doctor who had problems or even fired for treating a kid with cancer with oils . 
  there was a social outcry , the parents were swearing by the treatment , that it was very helpful for the kid , in managing the sickness . 
  i would say tvp is just as bad ( bias ) as it was , the main difference is that the new ruling party pis just took over faster than the previous governments . 
  patodroid gave a couple examples of bias toward pis , fair enough , tvp is and was always pro-government . 
  but there are countless and just as bad examples of manipulation and unfair attacks in the previous years : not letting certain politicians into tv studio or never inviting a certain political group , manipulating statements etc. 
  just like to add about the amount of protesters , its funny how people connect the police to the justice minister , but blindly believe the numbers from the mayor or deputy mayor of warsaw that are opposition politics . 
  i think its safe to say the police are less bias than politicians , no matter from which side . 
  this might change in the future , if its a bad thing or not , thats a completely different issue , but i remember liroy saying clearly he doesnt want to move this further than medical , that `` legalising marijuana '' is a purely populist slogan, 
   not that he will do anything or that he is even sensible , it is just hilarious . 
  thats an odd statement , this was one of his main promises in the elections , he is introducing it and most likely it will be passed - each party seems to support this idea . 
  how is this `` not doing anything '' , `` sensible '' , `` hilarious '' ? 
  i can see your hatred is blinding you a bit . 
  i thought all the judges were unbias and in no way reflect the main party that picked them / s, 
  i think the issue is that bbc not long ago was considered ( or even still is by many ) as the pinnacle of objective journalism , when clearly it isnt . 
  not aware of svts earlier and current reputation . 
  fair enough , as i said , i dont watch it , so im not going to argue against that . 
  just sick of the sob stories in `` talent '' shows in general, 
  i dont really watch eurovision so im just going off what i hear , first thing that comes to mind : a year or two ago , the winner conchita wurst had the `` shock factor '' . 
  look at any other pop voting show for singing , dancing etc. 
  every other contestant has a tragic backstory . 
  even a show without voting , like dragons den or shark tank , where it should be purely about the business , they throw in a sob story here and there . 
  people watch and vote emotionally . 
  100 % agree , but sadly thats the world we live in . 
  the problem with stopping these kind of performances , where do you draw the line : history ? 
  politics ? 
  religion ? 
  traditions ? 
  etc. . . 
  are n't all shows like this about : sob stories , being `` edgy '' etc , to win points off of anything but the music and performance . 
  im a bit suprised by this question . 
  are people really that pissed about it ? 
  i actually feel positive about the situation , good for you guys . 
  at least your honest about what eu is about - personal gain on a national scale . 
  my only negative thought is `` did you get what you want '' ? 
  admittedly , i dont know too much about it , but it doesnt seem the reached terms are ground changing . 
  this , trying to learn this as a young teen , also sz / \u015b , cz / \u0107 was hard at the beginning for me , wasnt used to differentiating these sounds . 
  true , but i think more often people just use female names , especially while talking over the phone . 
  just to make sure the other person hears properly when there is poor quality , loud background etc. 
  atleast in many call-centres they do this . 
  the answer is simple . 
  this was ignored for so many years , instead of settling it right away . 
  `` our '' government preferred to do nothing , instead of vetting people and performing `` decommunization '' in 1989 . 
  we have had to muck around in this shit for so many years . 
  this has hurt poland a lot . 
  this is most likely just a pr move . 
  the current government has a national vibe to it and is promoting a patriotic image . 
  this most likely will never be introduced , because they are `` planning '' to introduce this through a change in the constitution ( the hardest way possible to introduce a new law ) . 
  they do not have 2/3 votes necessary to introduce this change and would need multiple opposition parties to pass the vote . 
  if they wanted to , they could introduce it , without touching the constitution , by themselves with their majority votes . 
  where have you been for the last 8 years ? 
   invigilation will be at a incredibly high level this presidential/governmental term . 
  too late for that , the last couple years have been record high , even on a eu scale . 
   people having their houses raded after posting a joking video about the president very similiar situation happend with the student that made antykomor.pl , raided by abw at 6am , the only charge that stuck was a fake student id . 
  the sins of po dont justify the sins of pis in any way , but if these things you listed are proof of a totalitarian country , then i got bad news for you , we 've been living in it for years ... 
  in poland the issue is not with immigrants in general but the type of immigrants , for example we dont have any problem with immigrants from ukraine . 
  our `` problem '' is that we see how ineffective immigrant integration is in western europe and we `` fear '' that the same thing will happen here . 
  we dont want to have to change our country/culture because of it . 
  you know its bad when your president has a top 5 ... 
  [ karl confirms ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdk47lk-pqs ) , 
   when you should be sticking with one type of alcohol the entire night . 
  isnt that a myth ? 
   we do have a culture where if we are not drinking until we are on the floor then we are `` lightweights '' , we are more preoccupied by showing our friends that we are not light weights . 
  interesting , in poland its a bit different , lightweights are people who show effects of drinking ( vomitting , passing out etc. ) . 
  here its more of how you react to alcohol , not the actual amount . 
  the amount is more important the next day , when someone brags about how much they drank ( usually young people ) . 
  heres a pretty good stand up bit about mixing drinks ( terrible quality ) - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4qnhgpaxtg, 
   not a current stats - future . 
  it 'll be gradually implemented over the years , unless new government changes the law . 
  and yes , it buys time for further reforms , but none the less - it was a necessary reform simply due to the demographic structure . 
  current stats that show the future situation . 
  imo it was more of a pr move than actual problem solving . 
  remember how happy they were when they took the money from ofe , saying the debt is smaller ... like its some kind of success . 
  implementing the new retirement age does not solve anything . 
  they should n't have been buying time , we dont need time , we need a solution . 
  8 years wasted to buy some time , thats ridiculous , not a needed `` reform '' . 
   to make things worse : it seems that a new government does n't have any clue what to do next . 
  agreed , i havent heard any good plans from pis to solve this problem . 
   to give you one example that should be most obvious and recent enough for everyone to remember : the retirement age reform , rising it to the age of 67 years . 
  i wouldnt call this a reform , it doesnt fix anything , it just helps the zus bankrupt survive a little bit longer , just like taking 150 billion zl from ofe to zus - just a temporary `` fix '' to make current stats look better . 
  this is a huge problem , they had 8 years to try and fix it and that was the best they could come up with ? 
  no thank you . 
  personally i havent seen much resistance to halloween ( this might be different in very small towns and villages ) , but i wouldnt call this butthurt , just a difference in cultures . 
  i dont have any problems with halloween , but i can understand some peoples objections to it . 
  some might see it as inappropriate/wrong , to party right before all saints day and all souls day , when people visit family and friends graves with flowers/candles , there are special church services for the dead , etc. 
  this usually is a serious , sad or even somber time for many . 
  i just love how people complain so much , about how others are always so butthurt and complain ... 
  true , cbos has always been a pro-government polling agency , others arent much better though . 
  i think it was a different one - ibris , but not sure , not that the results mean much . 
  depends who you ask , some treat him like a potential saviour , others like a traitor . 
  the rest that dont vote for the 2 main parties pis and po are somewhere in the middle . 
  in a recent poll about how decisive a politician , is tusk got about the same result as kaczynski . 
  its a odd question to poll and not sure how much you can get from it , but its something ... 
   but think for example the british referendum . 
  people say they voted against the elites , but in essence the choice was between arguments made by the elites . 
  thats really my point . 
  with one option you have the choice between arguments made by the elites ( the level of this differs , sometimes its more steered by the elites , sometimes less ) , with the other option , you have no choice at all and the elites do what they want . 
  just because referendums arent perfect ( far from it ) , doesnt mean we should get rid of them or they are something bad . 
  its partially the peoples fault , partially the politicians and media . 
   elections and referendums are dangerous for democracy if they 're not done well .
