why do n't you take your warmongering bullshit to your own backyard . 
  what an absolutely moronic comment . 
  yeah lets play pop the nuclear sub , what could possible go wrong . 
  completely agree , its nice to see a little sanity returning to this sub after the last few months . 
  happy cake day . 
  jesus that looks bleak . 
  try reading my post again , this time pay attention to where i do n't address the legality of tagging . 
  how is something `` destroyed '' by being spray painted on ? 
  does a building collapse under the weight of paint ? 
  a big problem with the debate around graffiti is bullshit terms being thrown around . 
  something is defaced or visually altered , its not destroyed . 
  it always has to start somewhere . 
  was driving into nuremberg a few years back and had a run in with the german police . 
  i was stressed as a rolled down the window mainly due to the type of stereotypes you described . 
  they asked us if we needed any help , and after explaining we were lost trying to find our hotel they gave us an escort to the front door . 
  pretty cool and chilled out . 
   if the us government releases some serial killer from jail why are you comparing military personnel capturing during combat to a serial killer in jail ? 
   oh and there is some evidence to suggest the guy is a nazi . 
  care to share that or are you just throwing out the possibility ? 
  are you really comparing someone painting on a building as a political protest and the burning of governmental building as part of a military operation ? 
  i 'll just leave [ this ] ( http://www.dailywritingtips.com/what-is-irony-with-examples/ ) here . 
  you 're missing the point here , i said ** directly ** . 
  money can be used for all manner of reasons , sending weapons into a country there 's only one reason for it . 
  that 's why its not the same thing . 
  well one allows you to directly kill and kidnap people and the other does n't . 
  so its ridiculous to treat them as the same . 
  so you 're saying that russia 's `` helping '' sending in tanks , rocket launchers and weapons [ [ source ] ( http://www.dw.de/russia-sent-tanks-rocket-launchers-weapons-to-ukraine-separatists-us-says/a-17706451 ) ] is the same as the eu giving money to keep ukraine 's economy afloat ? 
   it seems the ukraine has nothing against `` terrorism '' when it comes in monies from the eu to kiev ... 
  i 'm not sure i get what you mean , are you suggesting financial support is the equivalent of terrorism ? 
   pedophile handcutter what 's that when its at home ? 
  hey !, 
  you do n't want to invade ireland , i wonder [ why ] ( http://www.met.ie/climate/rainfall.asp ) ? 
   europe from moscow . 
  yeah its written in double dutch . 
  no you can just use smaller text , there are several other countries that their native name is shorter but that 's not used . 
  people in britain and america tend to use \u00c9ire but its very rare for anyone irish to use the word when speaking in english . 
  there 's a bunch of historical reasons for this but its not really worth going into . 
  no matter what the context , pisses me off to see eire used in an english context . 
  any hard evidence that the training is better ? 
  someone has a superiority complex . 
  always willing to learn more about the situation , i 'll give em a listen . 
  you 're not concerned that the second largest nuclear power has started taking an interest in moving its borders ? 
  and you 're suggesting i 'm the one living under a bridge ? 
  i think we 're all a bit scared of russian at the moment , but i doubt that 's something to feel proud about . 
  its the same sort of fear i 'd have towards someone who 's mentally unstable and holding a live grenade . 
  seems like the majority of that list are based in colleges . 
  nice to see you 're saddling the next generation with debt so that you can have nice big shiny stadiums . 
  surely it has to be [ this . 
  oh nice , so once they 've invaded a country they 'll let them continue speaking their language . 
  how progressive !, 
  i 'd love to see the graph for how flat each country is as well . 
  let me guess , arts student in nuig ? 
  no that 's the myth part . 
  washington dc and looking at a population density map you 're right its not unreasonable to not allow super sonic flight . 
  that 's a common myth , the ba concordes were profitable and paid for themselves eventually . 
  ba were a private company for many years while operating the concorde , do you really think they would have kept it around if it was a loss ? 
  concorde also flew a london - washington - miami . 
  i 'm guessing it was during the washington - miami leg that being able to go super sonic would have been useful . 
  wait so its our accountants who will be fighting and not soldiers ? 
  ah we 're sorted so . 
  russia has cheaper labour and material/fuel costs so their budget will go much further . 
  it would also be one central command against three commands who all speak different languages . 
  also russia 's military has seen more action than anyone in europe with the possible exception of the uk . 
  i 'm not saying they 'd steam roll europe but the combined budgets are n't the best metric on how we 'd get on . 
  well how the next few months pan out might change all that . 
  way to twist a horrible situation that has nothing to do with american into a little sob story for the yanks . 
  yes i read that before posting . 
  this quote confirmed what i remembered about the drug from before . 
   krokodil has become notorious for producing severe tissue damage , phlebitis and gangrene , sometimes requiring limb amputation in long-term users . 
  trust me i 'm not big on the war of drugs but after you also need to be able to handle your high . 
  i have n't heard of many cases of that with an opioid . 
  really ? 
  i remember seeing an article about it on reddit a while back . 
  when i searched about it recently , the top results that came back were from the daily mail which hit me as suspicious . 
  at the same time , its seems strange putting responsibly and injecting an opioid in the same sentence . 
  looks similar to the effects of [ krokodil ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/desomorphine ) . 
  and if your government brings in a law to force certain foods to be labelled based on lower food standards , the food companies can sue your government !, 
  i think the point i 've seen elsewhere is that a free trade agreement is suppose to be beneficial to everyone involved . 
  the fact that its been kept secret leads some to suspect that its only meant to benefit a select few . 
  as more details of the pact come out this seems to be increasingly the case . 
  my god have mercy on your souls . 
  here you are again trying to dispel any wrong doing by the us government . 
  do you really think they were n't exploiting this data to their own benefit ? 
  well of course not because that would be so out of character for an organisation willing to spy on they 're supposed allies . 
  is n't it amusing how every time there 's a story about another fucked up thing the us government has pulled a few yanks come out of the wood work and try to justify it in some way . 
  in this case , catholic church is evil so its fun to spy on them !, 
  he did n't say you ca n't criticise he just pointed out that your comment was worthless . 
  i tend to agree with him . 
  poor journalist was stolen as child by the romany and he does n't even know it !, 
  you accuse a group of being dogmatic than make a list of ` facts ' which you provide no proof or sources for . 
  that 's pretty ironic . 
  well they did mace and throw around a danish mep during the summer riots . 
  as opposed to a paper that accurately reports the news . 
  oh meant the irish indo , my mistake . 
  yeah the indo is a rag that will do anything for page hits . 
  i was going to say something about drawing a latvian eating a potato but you could throw that right back at me . 
  pretty much most of reddit political discourse right here . 
  also you convinced me as well . 
  ah completely unsurprising that its from rte . 
  perhaps there is n't a `` proper '' solution .
