  heavy accent of course but perfectly understandable . 
  i still consider austrians german . 
  nah , more like , make the star field background red and the stripes blue and white . 
  because the present is blood, 
  oh goddammit , i just turned 26 at the end of last month ... 
  why is it europe 's responsibility to subsidize all the world 's unfortunate ? 
  mmm , lamb roast . 
  i love animals . 
  i love them grilled , fried , baked , saut\u00e9ed ... 
   nationalism , anti-immigration , how are these two things extreme ? 
  no way . 
  trump , and cruz for that matter , are an anathema to anyone outside the most wingnut of republicans . 
  there have n't been many presidents between reagan and obama . 
  three , if my count is correct . 
  true enough . 
  [ turns out he was right . 
  ] ( http://bigstory.ap.org/article/e8c3a28df21747ada592e57585234d78/german-police-islamic-extremists-behind-sikh-temple-blast ), 
  [ whoops , looks like you lost that bet . 
  ] ( http://bigstory.ap.org/article/e8c3a28df21747ada592e57585234d78/german-police-islamic-extremists-behind-sikh-temple-blast ), 
  i do n't own a single optical disc reader . 
  my computers are too new to bother with such useless wastes of space . 
  i generally white list most sites . 
  the ones i black list are ones with obnoxious or flash-based ads that slow everything down or are just a nuisance . 
  wikia , i 'm looking at you . 
  what 's wrong with being anti-islam ? 
  islam is a shitty ideology . 
  one should just as readily be anti-islam as anti-nazi . 
   this is the woman who was crying when sweden announced it would enact border controls and slow the flow of refugees into the country . 
  hahaha , really ? 
  that 's amusing . 
  poor na\u00efve soul . 
  they 've been using dead migrants and rumors of dead migrants for years to push their crap . 
  sucks for them , but they knew the risks . 
  turkish nationalist . 
  hardly swedish . 
  i mean i wish that christianity and islam had stayed in the middle east and not spread into europe . 
  and many that * did * convert were destroyed , too . 
  your point ? 
  allegedly the only reason . 
  no way of knowing , really . 
  all ... two of my posts . 
  wherein i asked `` is this a good thing '' . 
  dude , you 're overreacting to a major degree . 
  i do n't ever remember having a bowel movement on a minority . 
  how is that a meme ? 
  `` le edgy fedora '' 2012 called , they want their meme back . 
  is this a good thing ? 
  rather wish all the various middle eastern religions stayed where they started . 
  is it a good thing ? 
  the more you call people nazis , the less they care about being called a nazi . 
  i 'm gon na just go ahead and keep you at zero . 
  themselves ? 
  sounds good . 
  maybe do it back to back with a draw mohammed day ? 
  hold the line , macedonia . 
  oh i bet this is some coked-up skinhead bitch with -- wait , no , nevermind . 
  it 's a muslim . 
  again . 
  indeed , that also played a large part in the slowdown , thankfully . 
  whatever makes them stop coming is welcome to me . 
  but it clearly was n't the only thing , since the reduction began before the turkey deal . 
  i 'd loudly celebrate it . 
  china is a pox on modern western economies . 
  i wish we 'd be way more vigorous about protecting our political and economic interests from them and others like india . 
  so where 's all the people that said closing the borders is n't a solution ? 
  where are you now hm ? 
  the pictures at the top of the article , showing the border being steadfastly guarded , made be smile . 
  mmm . 
  bacon . 
  wow , thanks for that . 
  i was about to get rather upset about the whole cover up of this deal if it was portrayed accurately . 
  just love it when politics get in the way of reality . 
  trust but verify . 
  i misread the article , i thought it had said they 'd been arrested in the raids . 
  yep , definitely hate speech . 
  for that i could see arrest and fines as a perfectly valid consequence . 
   what drove this movement ? 
  a little event called world war ii . 
  rather time they get over it though , and relax the laws . 
  unless they were actually explicitly calling for violence . 
  i 'd like to read the alleged hate speech . 
  large scale technological unemployment is going to be what at last drives us to transition to a post-scarcity economic model . 
  it 's going to be a rough transition , but i welcome it . 
  so it seems the much-decried deal is having good effect after all . 
  nyt shows its bias as ever , but it 's still an interesting insight into how the deal has put a damper on illegal migration . 
  islam is a shitty ideology . 
  nothing wrong with hating it , just as there is nothing wrong with hating fascism or scientology . 
  i really wish paternity tests were just taken as a matter of course whenever a birth occurs . 
  tag them with gps trackers like the animals they are , then release them back into their natural habitat ( syria ) . 
  then use those trackers to hunt down congregations of isis and blow them up with bombs or missiles . 
  since when is turkey in europe ? 
  funny conclusion you jump to there . 
  i do n't hate muslims . 
  i do hate islam , though , just as i hate fascism , scientology , and the jehovah 's witness church . 
  about time . 
  it 's a start , anyway . 
   as a pro-american person , the usa should stop trying to be the world 's police man . 
  this is n't a world police thing . 
  russia and the us both voluntarily ratified these treaties . 
  russia ought to abide by them , or withdraw from them if they wo n't .
