[ read this . 
  it 's long but it gives insight into historical and modern russian operational doctrine . 
  ] ( http://tactdb.blogspot.com/2015/02/the-evolution-of-russiansoviet-military.html?m=1 ), 
  you 're just wrong . 
  and worse , you 're * wilfully * wrong . 
  but ... it 's not . 
  this is n't ww2 anymore . 
  they are a modern military that utilize combined arms approach emphasizing maneuver and firepower . 
  they 've learned the lessons of chechnya , afghanistan , and georgia . 
  underestimating them would be foolish . 
  whenever i see the word `` mull '' all i can think about is gl\u00fchwein . 
  you 're kind of behind the times . 
  that is n't their doctrine anymore . 
   he still has a point though , if people do n't actually * want * to elect the far right but are rather forced to do so ( which you seem to suggest ) , why do n't they just vote for a party that is basically like the established ones , except for a different stance on immigration ? 
  such a party does n't seem to exist in most countries , sadly . 
  it seems to always be a shit package deal : left liberal open borders , or right wing closed ones . 
  if there was a left liberal closed borders party , they 'd get my vote every time . 
   you literally ca n't reject refugees . 
  yes you can . 
  there 's no law of nature preventing it . 
  i do n't . 
  keep projecting , though . 
  that sounds weirdly sexual . 
  always amuses me when people call opposition to islam `` racist '' . 
  nuclear is literally the safest form of power generation , in terms of casualties per unit of power . 
  even safer than wind and solar . 
   germany had already agreed to recognize the german-polish border in 1970 . 
  as a precondition for possible reunification , and only insofar as to say they would n't try to change it by force . 
   as for validating ethnic cleansing , this is a most dubious argument . 
  many changes in borders have involved ethnic cleansing and there obviously must be some time limit to trying to correct such past wrongs . 
  at some point you ca n't continue claiming that the former inhabitants have more legitimacy than the former inhabitants ( or most likely their descendants ) . 
  in any case , your position seems unsustainable . 
  i doubt that you would seriously suggest returning the territory to germany , so are they going to remain illegitimate in perpetuity ? 
  i would indeed seriously suggest returning the stolen territory to germany , and yes , i would call it illegitimate for as long as it 's held by poland . 
   why do you consider poland holding those territories illegitimate in light of multiple treaties signed on the subject , most importantly the german-polish border treaty , especially article 2 and 3 ? 
  because i do n't think validating ethnic cleansing is a good thing , and those treaties were coerced as a condition for allowing german reunification . 
  i know plenty about the subject . 
  quiz me about it if you want , but i 'd wager i know more of it than most do . 
   but for some reason no one considers poland 's possession of those territories illegitimate . 
  i do . 
  it 's a term for someone from moscow . 
  on the other hand , my girlfriend is a muscovite who was horrified by the whole crimea deal , calling putin a dictator and a criminal and all that . 
  support is n't unanimous . 
  conventional , in this context , means without nuclear , radiological , biological , or chemical weapons . 
  the us military could defeat a conventional invasion of europe with ... well , not ease , but with certainty . 
  there is no country in the world whose military could defeat the us 's . 
  how about return it to its rightful owner ( germany ) ? 
  here 's hoping . 
  someone sounds salty . 
  that 's good progress . 
  next step , make illegal immigration render one ineligible for residence of any sort . 
   you ca n't blame people that want to improve their life by coming to a `` better '' country . 
  sure you can . 
  designated shitting bed ? 
  and the funny thing is , even with this , three mile island , and fukushima , nuclear power is * still * the safest form of power generation per megawatt . 
  literally every other kind , including wind and solar , are more deadly . 
  sounds like an argument that they should never have been allowed to come in the first place , and that none more should be , going forward . 
  oh please yes . 
  so if you 're gon na accuse me of shit : a ) come out and say it , do n't beat around the bush , b ) [ this is my political leanings ] ( http://www.isidewith.com/elections/2016-presidential/2272833978 ) c ) fuck you for your implication . 
  haha !, 
  awesome . 
  so , of all the things i said , that 's what you take issue with ? 
  you can go ahead and admit i 'm right . 
  it wo n't kill you . 
  i 'd have them leave . 
  have you read the dutch report ? 
   austrians a subset of germany ? 
  austrians are a subset of ** germans ** , not germany . 
  i 'm well aware of austria 's , and germany 's , history . 
  but austrians were considered germans , by everyone including themselves , as long as a collective `` german '' identity has been a thing . 
  up until the 1860s , before austria 's defeat in the austro-prussian war , it was an open question whether germany would be united by austria or by prussia . 
  the thing is , there * are n't * 10 centuries of separate history . 
  austrian history * is a part * of german history . 
  sure , there are different subsets of germans . 
  lower saxons are different from westfalians are different from bavarians are different from austrians , but they are all germans . 
  austrian has only been considered a separate identity from german since 1945 , and only as a purely political division . 
  before that , ever since people had a conception of `` germans '' , austrians were a part of it , and a major part at that . 
  there 's a reason the german name for that 1868 war is deutsche krieg . 
   more like bavaria and austria are similar ... 
  i know . 
  both are german . 
   have you ever been in either countries or are you just basing this off stereotypes ? 
  of course i have been . 
  i 'm a german citizen . 
   austria has way more slavic and hungarian influences too . 
  yes . 
  and ? 
  they 're still german , but with influences from the other nations they controlled for centuries . 
   someone from north germany is closer to the dutch people than to someone from austria . 
  sounds to me more like an argument that the dutch , too , are german , than that austrians are n't . 
   do you refer to english persons as us people ? 
  nah , different situation . 
   having the same language , does not make you one folk . 
  sure , but the similarities been germany and austria go beyond just language . 
  political systems are similar , culture is very similar , language goes without saying ... honestly , the distinction between austrian and german is simply a post-ww2 artificial construct . 
  austrians are a subset of germans , just like bavarian or westfalian or saxon . 
  amusingly , i 'm reading red storm rising right now , and there 's a part where some deep-cover russian spies in the bundesrepublik completely cock up a sabotage operation by ... not looking before crossing the street . 
  i can totally picture putin in that position . 
  wow , i 'm surprised . 
  that was pretty good .
