  we had no idea we 'd find a couple dozen illegals stashed away ! '', 
  how am i a nutter ? 
  i prefer permanent solitary confinement , with measures taken to prevent suicide or early death . 
  i do n't understand . 
  why would anyone ever willingly convert to such a disgusting , backwards , misogynistic , violent dogma ? 
  yeah fuck that ... 
  no , that 's too quick . 
  i 'd rather they put him in permanent solitary confinement , with no access to any means of suicide , and no human contact whatsoever until his death of old age . 
  geography , mainly . 
  it 's much easier to close a relatively narrow land route than it is to close a sea border . 
   irregular migrants means all those outside normal transit procedures , ie without documentation in other words , illegal immigrants ? 
  good riddance . 
  the best way to stop a disease from spreading is to quarantine the source . 
  nothing poisonous about self defense . 
  i know . 
  it was a joke . 
  but you repeat yourself . 
  well , bavaria * is * the texas of germany , after all . 
  that 's dumb . 
  makes me hungry , though . 
  ca n't wait til i eat my chicken at lunch . 
  pretty sure rusyn is n't russian . 
  related , but different . 
  like czechs and slovaks or serbs and croatians . 
  i hope they were killing smugglers . 
  europe should target anyone shipping in illegals . 
  username relevant to your comment . 
  better idea !, 
  deport all illegals and halt immigration from the middle east and africa except for highly skilled , thoroughly vetted individuals . 
  austrians are already germans , so it 's just a matter of transitioning from one sort of german to another . 
  sure they did ... five hundred years ago . 
  ready to revisit the 16th century ? 
  because our new guests certainly are . 
  unfortunately . 
  why not ? 
  if the government had taken the gast part of gastarbeiter seriously and revoked their residency after their labor was no longer necessary , it would have been better . 
  if they had been sent back like they should have been this issue would n't exist . 
   even though i am decidedly poorer than my parents , that graph makes me so happy . 
  i 'll be happy when the western middle class gains are equivalent to the top 1 % . 
  because i frankly do n't give half a shit about chinese people if things are getting harder for me . 
  i 'd prefer concrete action to make it so that it was n't necessary . 
  i wish mohammed ( the pedophilic warlord false prophet ) had died in infancy . 
  there is , just no one wants to do it . 
  those are n't mutually exclusive . 
  if there were pro-eu people intent on stopping islamic immigration , i 'm sure more people would vote for them . 
  sadly , it seems pro-eu seems to go hand-in-hand with solidarity for economic illegal immigrants . 
  why does that make diversity for its own sake a good thing ? 
  that sounds like subtraction by addition , to me . 
  adding a negative . 
  why is diversity automatically a good thing ? 
  2000 is an understrength brigade , not an army . 
  get your military formations right !, 
   we will get pressure for deportation with most crimes . 
  as they should be . 
  they are guests in our countries ; guests that shit in the sink should get kicked out , and any illegal immigrant or refugee that commits a major crime should be deported post-haste . 
  sounds like some laws need changing . 
  i 'd prefer it if greece kept them out , of course , but failing that , macedonia will have to do . 
  man the fences , macedonia . 
  you did well closing the borders in march . 
  europe is counting on you to keep them closed . 
  how about they ban the category of men that are committing the overwhelming majority of these crimes ? 
  oh wait , they ca n't of course . 
  that would be * racist * . 
  cool building . 
  my girlfriend used to work in it , while the second tower was still under construction . 
   i think you ca n't do the former without provoking a war with the owner of the said shore . 
  libya is welcome to try to stop it from happening with their essentially nonexistent military if they want . 
  dump them back on the shore they left from . 
  launch offensive operations to capture or kill people-smugglers . 
  being a smuggler should be made extremely hazardous to one 's health . 
  i 'm satisfied they are n't drowned , but honestly would n't care much either way . 
  what would make me happy is to rescue them and then immediately turn around and drop them off on the libyan coast , with or without libya 's permission . 
  they should have turned around and dropped them right back on shore . 
  i 'd love it if the us took in actual refugees , after first vetting them and making sure they are deserving . 
  none that illegally breach the borders should be allowed to stay , however . 
  then stick them on some planes , fly them to isaf-controlled airfields , unload them , and be done with it . 
  i 'd be astounded if the number was truly that low . 
  after boateng 's penalty and the goal from it i had to stop watching the stream for a good 10 minutes . 
  i just could n't handle it . 
  it was ethnic cleansing . 
  wrap it in all the nice clothes you want , it was still an atrocity . 
  it 's ethnic cleansing . 
  just like what happened to germans in 1945-1950 . 
  the third and best option is to use every measure at our disposal to intercept the ships , biometrically document everyone aboard , and then forcibly deport them , forbidding them from ever coming to europe again under any circumstances . 
  we should also launch offensive operations against smugglers . 
  it should be made exceptionally hazardous to one 's wellbeing to be a people smuggler . 
  just asked my girlfriend , who grew up in moscow . 
  it is taught . 
  good for them . 
  i prefer meat once or twice per day . 
  usually chicken . 
  vegan-pushing annoys me . 
  ah you 're right . 
  had it in my mind as a singular expression . 
  close . 
  `` geh '' is the second person imperative form of gehen . 
  geht is the third person singular form of gehen , as in saying `` he goes '' . 
  you should !, 
  i ca n't possibly recommend the series highly enough . 
  sequentially , * consider phlebas * is the first in the series , but the books do n't have a strong narrative link so it 's not required to read them in order .
