  i recommend starting with * the player of games * . 
  ai overlordship \u00e0 la [ the culture ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_culture ) for me , please . 
  i ca n't believe you 've done this . 
  the political and economic meltdown will be entertaining to watch . 
  but , sad day . 
  to be fair , if scientology had sufficient power , there 's no doubt in my mind , based on their actions thus far , that they would support such things if they thought they could get away with it . 
  oh , not impugning the credibility of the research , far from it . 
  just lamenting dw 's unfortunately garishly obvious bias . 
  of course they call it xenophobia . 
  dw seems less than objective . 
  with no possibility of parole , i hope . 
  tough titties . 
  maybe they should avoid europe , then , if le white devil is so bad . 
   trump reminds me of germany in the 1930s , even the rhetoric is the same . 
  you know nothing , jon snow . 
  it 's a stupid neologism that i wish would die a painful death . 
  jan mayen, 
  good . 
  these insults are stupid and , ironically , demonstrate more immaturity on the part of those using them than the target . 
  i think i spotted some parts that are n't covered in the stars and stripes . 
  report these un-americans !, 
  they should name the next one `` distressingly large telescope '' . 
  i 've read plenty . 
  more than most have . 
  and preu\u00dfen . 
  give back the stolen lands and i 'm sure you can have your germoney . 
  you know nothing about my education or political leanings , friend . 
  i still think the oder-nei\u00dfe line should be repudiated . 
  freedom to live wherever the hell you want is n't a human right . 
  that 's a law that needs changing . 
  it 's their fucked up culture , of course . 
  there 's no conclusive evidence that race predisposes one toward certain behaviors . 
  the grande arm\u00e9e was better led . 
  i wish the byzantines had destroyed the seljuk turks at manzikert . 
  the us can go fuck itself , who the eu accepts is n't its concern . 
  it is a matter of priorities . 
  putin seems more interested in waving his military dick around the neighborhood than advancing his country in science or economically . 
  i just wish there was a moderate , noncorrupt russian president . 
  i wish russia was a nation cooperative with the west . 
  imagine how much amazing work could be done in all sorts of sectors if russia and the eu were cooperating instead of saber-rattling . 
  imagine how great it would be if russia was a stable , first world eu member . 
  an eu spanning from lisbon to vladivostok . 
  a man can dream . 
  i must wonder what 's so objectionable about my comment that it earns a downvote ... 
  well , would n't running for president be the best way to tell whether or not they want it ? 
  yeah , fuck trees . 
  who the hell needs those life-giving , oxygen-producing , leafy little shits anyway ? 
  let 's pave paradise and put up a parking lot . 
  hooray , fear mongering generals . 
  just what nato needs . 
  ahhh . 
  well , in either case , not really a tongue twister . 
  krash-na-hor-kay . 
  not that hard ... 
  honestly ca n't wait til the backlash against this whole mentality really gets into swing . 
  it 's already fomenting . 
  it 's surprisingly hard to tell if you are a genuine white-guilter or someone masquerading as one . 
  poe 's law in action , i suppose . 
  yes , them too !, 
  ah , must have missed that . 
  shame they did n't . 
  but then again , parliamentary elections soonish . 
  interesting to see if fp\u00d6 continues to grow til then . 
  wait what ? 
  he was banned from things for this interview ? 
  why ? 
  i mean i do n't agree with the politics of his message , sure , but i do n't see anything offensive about it ... 
  that 's awesome . 
  i hope this is a trend that continues and spreads across europe . 
  return manufacturing to europe , automated , and do away with outsourcing it to china and the rest of asia . 
  and , preferably , use european machines to do it , too . 
  perhaps [ kuka ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kuka ) or [ universal robots ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/universal_robots ) . 
  [ afro-eurasia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/afro-eurasia ) for short . 
  about time . 
  yes and yes . 
  1 ) i am german and 2 ) everything i said is correct . 
  right , i understand the reason behind it . 
  i just wish such a reason was a non issue . 
  i 'm highly skeptical this is indicative of actual fraud , but what could come of it if there does turn out to have been fraud ? 
  gps , glonass , galileo . 
  by the time other countries catch up we 're going to have a solid wall of positioning satellites up there . 
  why ca n't we all just cooperate worldwide on a single standard ? 
  so many resources go to waste reinventing the wheel ... 
  people have known the world is round since aristotelean times . 
  germany definitely needs more of these people . 
    there 's no reason except silly artificial political barriers for germany and austria to be separate . 
   yes there are many . 
  for example , the fact that austria consistently polls against not wanting it . 
  for now . 
  opinions can change over time . 
   another , the political ramifications it has . 
  and a few others including that it would disrupt eu and certain laws i think i covered those things already . 
  `` silly political barriers '' . 
   the fact that neither germany nor austria are `` ethno-states '' like north korea or saudi arabia your chosen points of comparison demonstrate an amusing bias . 
   and finally that there are in fact very clear distinctions between austrian and german `` identity '' . 
  i do n't agree . 
  austrian , like bavarian or franconian or saxon , is a subset of german . 
  austrians are germans , and have been considered germans ever since such a collective identity existed . 
  there 's no reason except silly artificial political barriers for germany and austria to be separate . 
  now we need an irritating shorthand like brexit .
