  does n't take a genius to see the sun orbits the earth , either , but that does n't make it true . 
  nope . 
  murder is the unlawful homicide of another human person . 
  a fetus is not a person , and abortion is not unlawful . 
  therefore , not murder . 
  in your opinion . 
  life also exists in my skin , yet no one complains when i scratch an itch and kill hundreds of skin cells in the act . 
  it 's not a baby until it 's born . 
  it 's a zygote , embryo , or fetus , with no autonomy or individual personhood . 
  it is , in essence , a parasite on its host . 
  when it has reached the stage of development at which 50 % of fetuses can live outside the womb without mechanical aid . 
  anyone who thinks the first stanza is anything except a wholly peaceful call for national unity is wilfully ignorant . 
  i wish political correctness would die . 
  humility and respect for wilful ignorance ? 
  sorry , that 's not something i respect . 
  none of deutschlandlied has any mention of war or conflict . 
  it 's a peaceful song about unity from start to finish . 
  the first stanza ought to be sung . 
  anyone who thinks nazis invented it is a fucking idiot . 
  ancestral home of the erstwhile emperors of germany . 
  indeed . 
  not everyone need hold identical opinions . 
  that would be boring . 
   why would you be proud of something you ca n't take credit for ? 
  honest question . 
  the concept is utterly foreign to me . 
   i 'm not criticizing you , its just that i do n't get it . 
  because one can feel pride for the achievements of a group they are a part of . 
  like , for example , i 'm proud of humanity , and the us , for managing to get to the moon and back , and for things like that . 
  it 's ... satisfaction or pride in being part of a greater whole that has accomplished great things and continues to do so . 
   you mean , because the predominant people living in germany is of german ancestry ? 
  because the german state was founded by , and for , the german nation . 
   the german nation is not solely housed on german soil . 
  i know . 
  the irish nation is n't fully within the republic of ireland , nor the french in france , nor the spanish in spain , but that does n't change the fact . 
   before you shrunk our precious motherland . 
  neither i nor my ancestors had part in that . 
  my parents were in germany up until about 40 years ago . 
  some might be . 
  i 'm actually german , though . 
  as in , i 'm a german citizen . 
  what is nationalism to you ? 
  germany is absolutely a nation-state . 
  patriotism is pride in one 's nation and its achievements . 
  one need not take credit for something to be proud of it . 
  nationalism is n't inherently evil . 
  without it there would be no german state in the first place . 
  just a collection of fragmented principalities being exploited by the russians and french . 
  i 'm glad patriotism is making a comeback in germany . 
  austrians are germans . 
  all the fence says to me is that hungary is willing to take actions where the other countries merely vacillate ineffectually . 
  it 's not a `` fuck you '' , it 's a `` get your act together and protect schengen borders like we are '' . 
  homeopathy is a fraudulent myth . 
  indelicate but not wrong . 
  china is engaging in ethnic cleansing in tibet and other occupied nations . 
  i did n't downvote you , for what it 's worth . 
  in any case , my parents came to the us in the late 1970s . 
  how so ? 
  my response would be to remove it as ordered , but then replace it with another , slightly larger , one . 
  how many of those 13 % are from outside the eu ? 
    this is our chance to act  what are our options ? 
  turn ships around - inhumane , etc. . inhumane how ? 
  fuck them , turn them back to shore . 
  stop patrolling right off libya 's coast , then . 
  it 's pretty much a rule that the first photo has to be some emotionally invoking picture of a child or woman or both , usually crying . 
  fucking emotional manipulation just makes me angrier . 
  you mean a few hundred thousand ? 
  i wish nato would use drone strikes against the smugglers . 
  they do more damage than the average isis terrorist who takes a 200kg to the face . 
  more like ... 600 + . 
  still not excusable though . 
  i wish christianity had never spread in europe . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm not trained in such things . 
  but do answer my question : how is a islam a race ? 
  is christianity a race ? 
  how about buddhism ? 
  i did n't know religion was a race . 
   how is profiling muslim people not racist ? 
  is it racist to profile , say , libertarians ( just as an example ) ? 
  what race is muslim ? 
  is it indonesian ? 
  bosnian ? 
  arab ? 
  china is one of the greatest negative forces in the world at the current time , so i do n't feel badly about this at all . 
  well , tsar bomba was a one-off device for testing . 
  actual modern in-service devices are rarely over one megaton yield . 
  by comparison , the explosive yield of tsar bomba was 58 megatons . 
  in what universe ? 
  my understanding is that nazis are understood to be extreme right-wing . 
  he probably thinks you 're a nazi . 
  fascinating stuff . 
  i wonder if , perhaps , it 's an example of [ old europeans ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_europe_ ( archaeology \\ ) ) at war with indo-europeans . 
  be prepared to take steps to prevent pregnancy , and if pregnancy occurs anyway , take steps to terminate it . 
  why not ? 
  what business it of yours what people do with each other ? 
  many of the women that buy it are underage , and purchase it on the sly to prevent parents finding out . 
  making it prescription-only could have a chilling effect on that , and cause issues for girls who end up pregnant but do n't , for understandable reasons , want to involve her parents . 
  `` migrants ? 
  no , we were searching for contraband .
