did you watch it ? 
  i found it very informative because before watching i was undecided ( months ago this is ) but after i looked into the issues it raised and decided the best course of action was brexit . 
   it 's the liberal / moderal that have ruled west-europe post ww2 a lot of the uk is not a liberal place , maybe in the cities it is but out in the country side and in the towns you will find a lot of workers who hate liberal policies such as immigration . 
   just to say that you do n't believe in a common european political entity - instead of all this . . an ultimatum will not force me in to concession . 
  watch this if you want to be truly informed about why we chose brexit : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyqzcqdtl3k, 
  yeah your right we do n't really have illegals here because any one who wants to enter can . 
  that 's my main problem with the eu . 
   and they on average put more in than they take out . 
  that 's why i support a visa system . 
  that way people who put in more than they take can freely come to our nation whilst those that do n't can leave . 
  it seems like most europeans are so set in their leftist ways that it is almost completely redundant arguing with you . 
   its your own fault and uk have always done to little yes i agree , we have done far to little and by that i mean staying in the eu . 
  the eu allows free movement of people ( we have a deal where they need a passport but still have free movement ) and that s the problem . 
   long time been a desired destination for many illegal immigrant yes these migrants want to use our welfare state and nhs . 
  however that does n't mean we should get rid of these so we are less desirable . 
  we should ban these scum bag illegals from stealing our money . 
   it the destination country for immigrant that are the driving motor for all this . 
  no its the stupid eu rules that allow people to flood into our country . 
   it does n't fix any real stuff but its easy . 
  yes they do !!!, 
  visas stop people we do n't want from entering . 
   plenty of uk citizens in spain now think about their future . 
  they chose to leave the uk . 
  its likely that a brexit deal will protect them just as it will protect polish living here . 
  if not then that 's tough luck . 
  bye and read this : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/business/2016/11/27/italy-needs-reform-euro-exit-inevitable/, 
  look at america with trump or clinton they both have some bat shit crazy religious beliefs ( trump not so much ) . 
  when may talks about her faith she is doing it to please the christian demographic . 
  she is clearly an intelligent and intellectual person who does not take her faith to the extreme ( like bush ) and so i have no problem with it, 
   trade barriers and tariffs are what they are - country or trade block - democracy/dictatorship whatever - its still the same . 
  yep you are correct , a trade barrier is a trade barrier regardless of the country they are in . 
   both places controlled by the few unfortunately it is true that the few will always rule us this is because we live in a meritocracy . 
   not the majority or the small fish in the eu yes , in the uk no . 
  the big companies where mostly opposed to brexit however the majority of the small fish where able to pressure the government into giving us a referendum and the majority chose brexit . 
  --  big players talk directly with the governments about details actually because in the uk we live in a representative democracy we have the right to meet with our local mp whose duty it is to raise our concerns with parliament . 
  this is not the case with the eu , their is no opportunity to contact my mep and arrange a meeting and the eu is a very very watered down form of democracy . 
  -----  the public will see the law when it reach the parliament . 
  the public can also lobby parliament for new laws . 
  this is often done by petitions on the government website . 
  when a public petition reaches 100,000 signatures the government must debate the issue in parliament . 
  --  singapore and honk kong are bad examples they are prosperous nations so they are perfect examples . 
  --  they are trade centers first the singapore and hong kong governments did not tick a box to say they wanted to become a trade center . 
  they lowered taxes and lowered corporate restrictions . 
  this allowed their economy to flourish and has propelled their country into economic and social prosperity . 
  before hong kong independence hong kong was effectively a shanty town . 
  now nearly 20 years later they are a prospering and flourishing country . 
  they must have done something right . 
  --  uk 's big fish and labor . 
  leaving the eu will allow the uk to decide how many foreign workers are allowed in . 
  i think very few people object to foreign workers being given visas so that they can fill jobs that we can not fill our self . 
  once the uk has left the eu we will be free to decide how best to protect our labour , i believe that to be through free market capitalism others may not but that 's the beauty of democracy just because i have an opinion it does not mean that 's what the uk decides to do . 
  --  protect production/service accordingly personally i object to protectionism , i believe our businesses should be allowed to exist separate from government protection and if the fail because another business in another country is better then so be it . 
  --  uk is not part of schengen the shengen zone allows people to pass between countries without a passport . 
  currently to enter the uk all you need is a valid eu passport . 
  however i want a system where a visa is required to enter the uk . 
  this means the uk will have a list of all foreigners in our country and will be able to decide who enters and who does not based on a criminal records check . 
  --  criminals its mostly the same no it wont be . 
  we will be able to perform a criminal records check to ensure that the people we are letting in have no past convictions . 
  we currently can not do this . 
  --  still be able to arrive easy as tourist ( if they wish to work illegally ) sure , but we will be able to deport them if we catch them over staying their visa . 
  currently as long as you have an eu passport and are not wanted we can not deport you for overstaying because their is no limit on how long you can stay . 
  --  rules change often based on pressure on politicians to do so so are you saying we should n't be able to change the rules in our own country if we give pressure to politicians . 
  forgive me but that sounds a little authoritarian . 
  --  quick fix compared to alternatives i will list some alternatives that i can think of : * no borders - let everyone in even without a passport . 
  * only do passport checks ( current system ) - means we cant check people for criminals or control who enters our country based on if we want them or not . 
  * visas - we can check for criminals , we can check for health tourists , we can check for people we do n't want and can let in people that we do want . 
  --  what about house ? 
  if you own a house in a foreign country that you know you are at risk of being asked to leave then you are foolish . 
  regardless however six months is ample time to either sell your house or begin the process of selling it and find a new house to either buy or let in whatever country you are going back to . 
  --  kids ? 
  well they will have to go back too , because you are their legal guardian . 
  --  wife ? 
  if she is a uk national and you are married to her you get automatic citizenship and will not be asked to leave . 
  if not and assuming her visa is not also cancelled she has a choice , either go back with you or stay in the uk . 
  i do n't see this as an issue . 
  that it is ironic that a spanish person would say that britain 's economy is depressing . 
   tariff 's for england , wales , scottland are something completely different than tariffs for a trade block ? 
  i disagree politically with the tariffs that the uk has in place because i am a capitalist . 
  ( also u missed out ireland ) -----  its the same !, 
  a trade block is an intergovernmental decision . 
  the uk is one sovereign nation with one government ( parliament - the scottish regional government is only regional and has no power over international affairs )  yes yes yes - i am right - you are wrong . 
  that 's very childish please debunk my arguments do n't just say that your right and i 'm wrong with no evidence -----  is uk a less oligarchy than eu - i think not - uk is maybe the only country in eu that are more a oligarchy than eu itself . 
  the definition of an oligarchy is : a small group of people having control of a country or organization . 
  this is not what the uk is . 
  the uk has a thing called democracy -----  singapore and hong kong are traiding hubs !!!, 
  - they would never just accept other competing traiding hubs without trying to stop it on a political level - they dont `` believe '' in free trade - it just happens to be of their local interrest . 
  no one needs to `` believe '' in free trade because it is in everyone 's best interests with the key exception of big business and corrupt politicians . 
  free global trade is in your interest because it would drive down prices whilst driving up quality . 
  trade bubbles keep prices stagnating whilst lowering quality . 
  -----  not i didnt - it might be trivial for a person - right now - but not knowing about tomorrow makes a huge difference !, 
  you could have made that clear rather than talking in your own made up language . 
  people will know about tomorrow because even if we told a family they had to leave they would be given at least 6 months to a year to leave . 
  unless they where criminals . 
  --  yes - i am right !, 
  childish . 
  and you are not right . 
  you seem to think visas should protect a european worker trying to work in the uk . 
  visas should protect british workers from criminal foreign workers who illegally work for less than the minimum wage . 
  -----  you are not pro capitalism yes i am . 
  -----  you want more protectionism than eu .
