  no i do n't . 
  i do not want more protectionism . 
  i do not wa n't businesses to be able to legally pay of politicians to make it harder for foreign businesses to compete . 
  i am however opposed to free movement of people . 
  this is not protectionism this is just the belief that foreign workers should only be given a job if no national worker is prepared to take the job . 
  ----- to conclude , your responses are childish and some are blatant lies . 
  i am more than happy to continue this debate because debates are good fun and educational however it will be on the following conditions : * you do not argue using childish i 'm right your wrong statements . 
  these are worthless and make you look like an idiot . 
  * you will use the spelling correction function built into almost all modern web browsers . 
  * you will use basic reddit formatting when you post a wall of text so that it is easier to understand . 
  for help see : https://www.reddit.com/wiki/commenting thank you , if you are prepared to do this i will be happy to answer any counter arguments you make . 
  if not . 
  have a nice day . 
  said by someone from spain . 
  do you have a word for irony in spanish ? 
  so your calling a welsh person a dim whit for using the wrong kind of slav ( a dialect that is used in some obscure corner of europe that no one wants to go to ), 
   we have our own dream and our own task . 
  we are with europe , but not of it . 
  we are linked but not combined . 
  we are interested and associated but not absorbed . 
  if britain must choose between europe and the open sea , she must always choose the open sea . 
  winston churchill, 
  britain is n't stupid , we just saw no reason to be in a union with croatia , 
  that 's like saying the end of 2016 in nearly 2018, 
   a trade block that is just uk or eu the uk is not a trade block it is a sovereign nation the eu is a trade block - please do not confuse the difference  uk will priority uk first of course it will because it is a sovereign nation with a democratically elected government who are accountable to the people have the duty of representing and prioritizing them self . 
   just like eu the eu should do what it feels is best for its members however it does not have a democratically accountable government and is under no obligation to do this . 
  however because the eu functions more like an oligarchy than a democracy it does what is best for the businesses that fund the eu . 
  true free trade is not in the interests of big business because free trade with the rest of the world would allow competition with eu businesses , something that they do not want . 
   trade block is more competition the bigger it is sure if a trade block comprised of the entire planet then it would have competition however the eu only comprises about 20 % of the worlds land mass this means that the eu is sheltered from competition from the remaining 80 % of the planet . 
  we are effectively part of a trade block that decreases the competition of the market by 80 % . 
  ( this figure is not accurate however if you can find a better figure then feel free ) this can not possibly be good for driving prices down whilst increasing innovation and is fundamentally undemocratic . 
   singapore and hong kong does n't sacrifice it 's own interests to free trade of course not . 
  both countries place the bare minimum amount of restrictions on business and trade ( the eu does the opposite ) and in doing so hong kong has become a major economic power despite having no natural resources . 
  this is because business faces competition meaning they are forced to innovate and advance . 
  they obviously both do this to serve their interests and do n't need to sacrifice its own interests to free trade because its own interests are free trade . 
   getting a visa is not trivial - it may be trivial - and it 's not a trivial matter its not trivial then it is trivial then its not trivial . 
  you just broke the record of the fastest contradiction . 
   lots of countries are visa free towards others but rules can change fast and it 's often to protect local workers . 
  that 's the point , visas protect local workers and the eu does away with visas . 
   uk without eu trade block have a uk first politic . 
  a trade block creates the opposite i do n't understand you , probably the language barrier  more freedom sure freedom for big corrupt corporations and bankers to extort money from member countries . 
  like i said - corporatism . 
  if you mean more freedom of movement , then you are making a dumb point , applying for a visa is not difficult . 
   more competition it does n't - it allows companies inside the trade block to operate with less competition from companies outside the eu . 
   in relative terms relative to what ? 
  if you mean relative to countries outside the eu then you are wrong . 
  look at hong kong a country that is prospering after it embraced capitalism and not corporatism and has considerably more freedom and competition because no company is unfairly penalized or assisted . 
  if you mean relative to europe then that makes no sense because the definition of relativity is :  considered in relation or in proportion to something else . 
  source : https://www.google.co.uk/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=utf-8#q=relative and you can not relatively compare something to itself . 
  i agree . 
  i only raised it because our country has a long and proud history of taking the moral high ground and using or military might to help others that dates back to when we sank the spanish armada, 
  i 'm sorry that i posted twice but i did because you did . 
  anyway lets call this thread dead and move over to the other one, 
  i do n't understand your point but i will leave it at this . 
  trade blocks are fundamentally anti capitalism and i am fundamentally pro capitalism, 
  i posted like 6 or 7 links on this thread yesterday . 
  i have no doubt that europe has passed a law to guarantee our loans . 
   if greece were unable repay the loan in accordance with its terms , any liabilities incurred by non-euro area member states would be immediately reimbursed . 
  this concurs with what i have said . 
  just because our loan is guaranteed does not mean we did n't give a loan . 
  my objection to funding greece is that the money was not to the greek people but to the greek banks . 
  it is my opinion that when a corrupt and incompetent bank fails it should not be given a loan to reward it for it 's incompetency it should go bankrupt . 
  this would no doubt cause problems for greek people but that is an internal greek affair . 
  if it did come down to people starving i have no doubt that the british armed forces would deploy on a humanitarian mission , because as i 'm sure portugal would if it could afford to , our armed forces has a proud and glorious history of humanitarian deployments across the planet . 
  source : http://www.army.mod.uk/operations-deployments/operations-deployments.aspx, 
  that 's not a problem in my book . 
  the eu falsely creates a euro zone trade bubble . 
  it does this by creating free trade between member countries and highly expensive trade between non eu countries . 
  this means that non competitive eu companies can artificially raise the price of their goods and make huge amounts of money . 
  the eu `` free trade zone '' does not promote capitalism ( which i think is the single greatest system in the history of humanity ) it promotes corporatism . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/11737286/eu-demands-britain-joins-greek-rescue-fund.html i have done this so many times now you fucking retard, 
  you ignore facts . 
  the uk did pay more than one pence to support the failed country of greece and its corrupt banks . 
  this is a fact . 
  source ( do n't worry i know you will ignore it ) :  britain will be liable for close to # 1 billion of emergency loans to greece , it can be revealed , after jean-claude juncker tore up a `` black and white '' deal to protect uk taxpayers from eurozone bailouts . 
  source : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/economics/11737286/eu-demands-britain-joins-greek-rescue-fund.html, 
  the way almost all people who voted leave see it : * brexit would make us a sovereign nation . 
  * brexit would cut back in immigration . 
  * brexit would cut back or stop refugee intake * brexit would allow parliament to make decisions rather than some authoritarian thing in another country that no one in the uk has heard of and that no one in the uk elected any one to . 
  * brexit would be a kick to the establishment . 
  * probs more reasons . 
  you see no person who voted for brexit needs a book written by so called `` educated '' people telling us how to think . 
  personally i think we should extend our current policy from the rest of the world to europe . 
  effectively , you apply for a visa and if we want you , you get in . 
  still my point s proved . 
  they do n't even have healthcare for their people, 
  hang on . 
  i think its telling that the us bothers to have a special relationship with the uk , if we are as meaningless as california then why would you bother ? 
  for the record i never said that the uk was more important than the us the us is clearly far more important . 
  which is why its good that you elected a sensible president . 
   the reu 's economy is also like 7x larger than the uk 's so we make up 1/7 of the eu 's economy . 
  that 's a fairly large chunk ... which is why your leaders are so but hurt that we are leaving . 
  those eastern european healthcare works have no meaningful qualifications . 
  also i have no problem with case by case sensible immigration but their is no need for healthcare tourists , roma gypsies , benefit seeking scumbags and layabouts to be freely allowed into our country . 
  that would be be insane . 
  i really dislike you . 
  i was typing on my phone at 7 in the morning . 
  i find it infuriating how you ignore the plethora of sources i give you and ask for more . 
  i find it infuriating how you people ignore legitimate points in favor of pointing out non issues with the way i made my point . 
  any one with half a brain cell can read that comment and understand what i meant and rather than answer what i say .
