  i 'm fine with it being only available after talking to a doctor if women in poland did n't have to wait over a month for a visit to a gyno !, 
  that is outrageous . 
  and what does that have to the proposed total ban from the article ? 
  current law is good . 
  nothing needs to change . 
  you are preaching to the choir - i hate abortion and find it disgusting but you do fucking realize some of them are necessary ? 
  sometimes the mother 's life is in danger and as a polish woman in not going to fucking die so some zealots can feel good about themselves . 
  when someone 's personal beliefs affect people that do not share them and screw with their lives then yeah they should be banned for good of majority . 
  i honestly do n't give a fuck if someone needs to live their life blaming some higher power for their failures , but the moment that belief potentially endangers my and other people 's life i sure do have an issue with it . 
  there are way too many humans . 
  way . 
  too . 
  many . 
  i do n't care if they are `` high quality '' europeans or `` low quality '' africans or whatever you consider such , there is only so much this world has to offer to us and our future generations - people cry that so few babies are born when so many people that are living in this world today have no job or a way to support themselves let alone a family . 
  when we have a world in which people do n't need to worry about future we can start thinking of increasing fertility rates . 
  i 'm somewhat pro-life but a total ban on abortion is just retarded . 
  we do n't need more humans on earth , there are far too many already and progressing automation will just further make having a big population pointless . 
  and who the hell will pay for all these children ? 
  i doubt a rape victim will be willing to support a spawn of a piece of shit that raped them so that 's more children in foster houses and more children in need of medical care if they keep the malformed and endangered ones ... ( plus someone needs to take care of the mother if the pregnancy causes her health to fall ) . 
  the only thing that should be banned is religion . 
  all religion . 
  we can be moral beings without that poison . 
  sometimes it 's impossible to teach the kid anything because they have their own brain and belief system . 
  damn , if my mom succeeded in teaching me hers there would be one more racist/homophobe/antisemite piece of shit in the world , and i 'm really glad there is n't . 
  this world is way to filled with hate anyway as it is . 
  but proves that the post i replied to is pure bs . 
   what type of woman wants to have a child if the father does n't want it ? 
  that 's not a happy childhood . 
  lot 's of children with parents that wanted them have `` not a happy childhood '' , plus just because the guy does n't want the baby does n't mean that the woman wo n't give it love and care . 
  my father wanted me then ditched us both and never paid alimoney . 
  my mom spent whatever money she had on keeping me fed and healthy , what a surprise !, 
  we had it at home very often and everyone from my husband 's family likes it . 
  it 's just a normal cake , what 's so wrong about it ? 
  [ it reminds me of this cake my mom makes , which i love , just a slightly more dry/worse version of ii . 
  ] ( https://www.google.pl/search?q=ciasto+dro%c5%bcdzowe+z+rodzynkami&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjrvyy6xz3lahxl1bokhuchbwaq_auibygb&amp;biw=1106&amp;bih=714 ), 
  yeah it really is . 
  warsaw being there because of ... protests ? 
  it 's the capital , where else would people protest but in front of gov buildings ? 
  also as far as i 'm aware our protesters do n't follow the french traditions of burning cars . 
  that alone says a lot . 
  we had `` przygotowanie do \u017cycia w rodzinie '' starting from around grade 5 elementary , then think whole ( or at least some years ) middle and high school . 
  it was really really terrible and did n't teach any of us anything - 45 minutes of biology lesson on reproduction had more informative things to teach than all these years of pdzwr . 
  i 'm glad too because i 'm spared having to deal with another self-absorbed asshole . 
  or the shelter has not enough space for everyone . 
  assuming everyone choses living on the street by own choice is pretty ignorant . 
  yeah , but if they had that kind of money they would n't be on the street ( where i live it 'd be enough for half a year of rent and food ) . 
  how are they even supposed to pay this fine either way ? 
  the only thing that 's any good here is that maybe they 'll go to jail for not paying and get food , shelter and medical care . 
  lots of people out of desperation commit non-violent crimes to get just that ... its sad reality . 
  i 'm sure putting fines on them will help them overcome whatever terrible ordeal put them on the street in the first place . 
  oh well , at least normal citizens seem to understand how ridiculous it is , hopefully the lawmakers will listen . 
  i 'm not german and i 'm not a lawyer so my input here is meaningless . 
  it just disgusts me that the system as it is ( from what i read here in this sub ) does n't punish a lot of crimes because the woman did n't protest `` enough '' . 
  i guess i 'm more concerned with moral implication than what law says . 
  from what i saw here on / europe germany should be ashamed for their rape laws ... 
  no matter what , a 13 year old is not able to consent and her having sex withe her 20 year old pedophile friend is in fact rape . 
  hope her being in psychiatric institution does help her , from all the shit she stirred seems like she really needs it . 
  i just read an article ( in polish ) stating that a group of around 400 russians attacked a refugee center in bruchsal and beat up the residents staying there . 
  whatever propaganda russia 's using , it certainly does have an affect , if it 's true ... 
  but you have to agree no matter who governed over poland nothing much changed . 
  people have their personal views and they do n't need an excuse to show them - my own mother kept nagging my whole life that if i ever bring a gf she 'll kick me out and disown me ( and i never even told her i do n't care for peoples genders ) . 
  it 's just her own narrow-mindness , not influenced by anything . 
  it 's not just old people ; younger generations are the same . 
  people who can think for themselves will do whatever they want irregardless of what the government does and assholes will always find an excuse to be assholes , too . 
   also , this comment sounds a bit scary , but given the things this government says probably not unfounded : as with everything that is spoken on behalf of `` everyone '' , it 's just a hyperbole . 
  it 's not what the government does or says that 's bad towards lgbta community but the attitudes of polish people on the subject . 
  that has n't changed a lot in a long time . 
  the best you 'll get is that people wo n't care what you do in your spare time or in case of `` good christians '' quotes like `` it 's not our right to judge people , that 's god 's job '' . 
  worst ? 
  you can imagine . 
  neither is affected by government . 
  it has to do with people whining women have more rights than men . 
  they do for a reason . 
  considering in how much danger a single woman in their anarchic society is , i 'm pretty sure we can take the `` oh women get a free pass at everything just because they have vaginas '' circlejerk somewhere else . 
  sure there are stories like of the boy that was raped and then killed for being homosexual , but i think we can agree what happens more often . 
   most children do n't get adopted , they end up in foster homes and change them quite a lot . 
  newborns have a very high adoption rate . 
   do n't shame women because they like to have sex , but do n't want a child . 
  i 'm a woman . 
  i am responsible about using protection and have n't gotten pregnant because of it even though i have sex almost every day . 
  just because you say you have problems does n't mean that some other pill wo n't work for you and everything will have terrible side effects . 
  just be a goddamn responsible adult . 
  ever heard of `` windows of life '' ? 
  anyone can put a baby there and some loving and caring family that wants to have a baby will get it . 
  it does n't cost the person anything to just put it there or leave it at the hospital . 
  i agree that women should have a right to abort when it 's threatening their life , the baby will be born sick or if it 's a result of rape - but if you have choose to have sex and become pregnant , it 's your own damn fault . 
  killing someone just so you 're more comfortable is a bit fucked up . 
  if you really think there are no people thinking that way then you 're delusional , seeing as there are movements calling for it to be legal to be able to kill a born child within the first few months of it being born `` because it 's not sentient yet '' . 
  some people are just monsters plain and simple and thinking everyone is reasonable and has morals is naive . 
  still body was undergoing a lot of hormonal changes and having that abruptly stopped is not going to be just a sneeze . 
   yes but who is pro abortion ? 
  you would be surprised , i have seen posts of women here on reddit that thought of abortions as completely normal procedures ( likening them to contraception ) and had several of them in their lives . 
  puke inducting stuff , really . 
  the first reaction of my grandparents and further family to the fact my so is not polish was `` he 's going to sell you into slavery !!! '', 
  of course without knowing a single thing about him . 
  where a sentiment like that come from ? 
  he 's younger than me a few years and a westerner , so it 's not like he fits an image of a scary predator ... 
  my husband is italian and at the beginning of this year 's spike in migration he was pleased that finally not only italy will have to deal with this issue . 
  after seeing the pictures literal hordes of people marching through europe he changed his mind and is now scared of the whole situation . 
  my own aunt lived for years in sicily and tried her best to discourage me from ever going to italy because of how dangerous it is .
