i know you are probably trying to be sarcastic but a vast majority of people i had contact with in my country is bigoted , homophobic and racist :p it 's quite funny talking with them about why they have such narrow-minded views . 
  not that it changes anything , but still . 
  my comment was relevant to what i replied ( and i asked my husband to provide source so whether it 's `` third hand '' has absolutely no meaning ) , yours only spews hate - which never contributes anything good , no matter the subject . 
  i personally have nothing against refugees or people in general , so saying i 'm a terrible person just shows how biased towards people you are . 
  why do n't you go off reddit and contribute something good to the society ... ? 
  unless being a troll and insulting people is the only thing you can do . 
  do n't bother replying , i 'm not going to read any more of your crap . 
  please if you have nothing intelligent to say then do n't say anything . 
  my husband said that in his city near milan they kicked out italian people out off the low-rent housings to make place for refugees . 
  i doubt the europe will start thinking of their own people anytime soon . 
  i actually read a post from a polish muslim who was afraid of just that - that this is just an invasion done by sending over settlers and populating the land . 
  he was mostly afraid because for him religion is a private matter and he is foremost european , which after such invasion would have to drastically change . 
  he can stay legally for three months and up to six if he 's looking for a job . 
  after these periods he needs to legalize his stay which requires a proof of permanent residence which at the moment i ca n't provide him , because we are not living in our own flat and the owners refuse to register him . 
  i 'm curious about this because i 'm about to legalize my so 's stay in poland - he 's an eu citizen so it 's different , but for now it seems that he needs to provide proof that he has a health insurance , home , enough money to provide for himself and not to require social plus for citizenship later he needs to be living here permanently for a few years and speak polish . 
  so why a person who will pay taxes to polish state , will work here and father future polish citizens have it worse than a bunch of people that do n't even want to live here ? 
  oh this summer in poland was really bad , i also spent entirety of last summer in italy so i know how bad it can get . 
  but the thing with too much heat is that you can just get naked , turn on the fan and spend the whole day lying on your bed . 
  with freezing cold ... ? 
  not so much . 
  it 's just a few days out of the winter that are really that freezing , usualy the temperature is around or over zero . 
  the last few winters we hardly even had snow at all : ( when it 's over -20 c they usually close school and some buisnesses , so everyone just stays home in warmth . 
  yeah i 'm very interested to see how they react to the cold , since they are soused to living in warm countries . 
  i live in southern poland and in winter it used to get up to -25 c , can image it can get way worse than that way up in scandinavia . 
  if i had to guess it 's way easier to get used to hot temperatures - if you keep in the shade they are way less likely to kill you than freezing cold . 
  do they even have winter clothes ? 
  or are they going to get them from eu ? 
  hmm would that mean that all the doctors and nurses need to be female too ... ? 
  i honestly never even knew these things existed , always thought depending on your injuries you just went to the police or doctor and got rape kit o.o, 
  i 'm just saying if you want to fuck around you should find someone comfortable being in open relationship . 
  cheating means being dishonest with your partner and makes you a pretty shitty person who noone should trust . 
  i 'm atheist too as is my so , but we have this little something called morals . 
  people should really just stop caring about what other people think about them . 
  they wo n't live their life for them and most of the time they do n't even give a single fuck about them , so why should the other side give one either ? 
  just do whatever makes you happy and try not to hurt others with your words or actions in the process ... 
  but i guess that 's too much to hope for : (, 
   transparency and good communication i ca n't agree more . 
  i have absolutely zero issues with people doing whatever they only want , as long as they do n't selfishly hurt others in the process . 
  cheating is act of lying that could be very easily avoided by honest communication or just simple break up if couple 's life goals do n't align with each other . 
  as i already said , nothing will protect you in 100 % . 
  no matter how careful you are , accidents happen . 
  as for mental state , please show me a single person on this world who does n't have any mental issues . 
  do n't understate what kind of effect this kind of betrayal can have on anyone . 
  people who feel the `` biological need '' to spread their legs for anything willing or put their dicks in whatever moves can go on mingling with each other without providing the rest of humanity with trust issues and resentment towards future relationships . 
  `` a bit of an understatement '' is putting it very mildly . 
  and it does . 
  starting from stds to mental issues it may cause to the person cheated on , it affects that persons life to the point of endangerment . 
  nothing , not even condoms , does n't keep you 100 percent safe and not just `` junkies '' have stds . 
  no matter what and how you want to justtify it , cheating is fucked up thing to do to the other person . 
  having extra slice of pizza does n't endanger your so 's life . 
  are you fucking retarded ? 
  how on earth can you compare two consenting adults to an industry of child rape ? 
  you can be a perfect parent , try your best and still end up with with a shitty kid . 
  no one has any influence over how a person turns out when they grow up , as each person has their own characteristics and personality - they may try to instill whatever values they choose but it 's still up to the person what to believe in and how to live their life . 
  a few disciplinary smacks in one 's life are nothing compared to things like constant psychological abuse , parents that hate each other , choose not to show care for their children or negligence . 
  they are way worse things to punish people over , than losing your temper when your child is behaving like a goddamn monkey on drugs . 
  well , i do n't see the how working for free is making anything better for these people . 
  all they get is something they can put on their cv/resume , which by all means is pointless . 
  so yeah they can say no . 
  but someone is still going to work for free in their stead . 
  by creating jobs you mean asking people to work for completely free not even covering their living expenses if they come from other parts of the country ? 
  the line about letting children have their innocence is pretty spot on to me - it 's one thing if they are genuinely curious about things , but another trying to force adult concepts on them . 
  and for what ? 
  they mention bullying , but really children are pretty cruel and no filter creatures to each other , it 's not really going to change much . 
  hahaha i have been kind of done growing up for a good while at this point , so i do n't think much will change . 
  especially in my music taste . 
  i listened to disco polo when i was around 8 , that is never going to happen again unless it 's my friend drunkenly sending me weird youtube links . 
  that happens and traumatizes me way too often . 
  i love symphonic metal and punk rock , so stuff that is loud and lively , as opposite to the song you linked . 
  let 's just say that whole thing is the exact opposite to what i enjoy in music . 
  and well ca n't really complain about the lyrics - they had a clear purpose and they fulfilled it well . 
  i think i need some music therapy after listening to that ... 
  poland is not mentioned anywhere in the article and we do have a fair share of italian newcomers here , i live in a semi big city in the silesia region and italian-polish marriages were number one here last year when it comes to foreigners . 
  i read the article but it does n't really say how they get the voice samples , just over the phone ? 
  and each time you use a different phone or a mic your voice sounds different , does the tech recognize such changes automatically ? 
  15 minutes to nap ? 
  makes me so jealous of anyone who could even fall asleep during this tiny window . 
   an average pole ca n't tell an italian from a portuguese from a turk from an arab . 
  i find this extremely funny cause it 's so the true . 
  was going shopping with my italian husband one day and got stopped by a polish gypsy thinking he 's one of them :p but so far he 's only got compliments on his looks from random people , nothing bad or intrusive . 
  hopefully i wo n't have to punch anyone in his defense , ever . 
  if anyone is interested , there is a camera in the forest livestreaming a place where the bisons gather - http://www.lasy.gov.pl/informacje/kampanie_i_akcje/zubryonline, 
  thank you for taking the time and explaining !, 
  it seems like a really good system : ), 
  so , is his land going to be repossessed by the country because of high `` cultural importance '' of the find , or he can stay there ? 
  i 'm pretty sure here everything of any historical value belongs to the country . 
  i never really found anything non-mobile ( mostly just old coins ) so i never bothered to check . 
  not the person you asked to elaborate , but my husband was applying for a remote job from a finnish company a few weeks back - he said that they just open a new branch of their company in the country that their employees reside ( they already had one in poland ) in and pay taxes there . 
  i guess more of the bigger companies do that . 
  they seem to be stuck in an endless loop of trying to keep `` clean '' and at the same time fetishizing every part of the body , no matter the age of the person ... 
  there 's nothing more delicious in this world than wedel 's marshmallows in white chocolate right from the freezer or terravita 's chocolate ( tho noone seems to ever mention it existing , it 's really really good ) . 
  i read in some polish article that they think it 's a viable solution for saving the forest from bugs , but to for that to be effective they need to cut off 80 % of the trees . 
  it just seems insane that they would prefer to do that instead of looking for some other solutions ? 
  no , just you . 
  go see a psychiatrist , you sound like you need lots of help . 
  morning after pill is not an abortion pill . 
  it 's the same stuff that i take everyday not to get pregnant just in higher dose . 
  it does not kill anyone . 
  it prevents the egg from having possibility of being fertilized and life from beginning . 
  there is absolutely nothing wrong with it .
