the government work thing was the penny walls , you would get a penny for every foot of a wall you made . 
  here is the series of events : 1 . 
  the plantation , you forcefully took our land and brought us under your rule 2 . 
  people claimed or were given land in ireland 3 . 
  they rented irish land to irish people 4 . 
  irish people grew crops for export to pay for that land and ate potatoes since they were easy to grow and cheap to buy 5 . 
  the english gave us shit prices on those crops but it was enough to pay the rent ( and the rent went right back over to the uk since the landlords were english ) 6 . 
  the potato crop failed and it failed in the uk . 
  not many died in the uk because the government helped them but let the irish die . 
  if you stole to feed your family , off to australia with you , where you were likely to die on the trip over so that was a death sentence at the time . 
  people either died or got together as much money as they could brought what they could and went as far away from ireland as they could 8 . 
  then in the us they had signs up saying the irish need not apply so we got fucked both sides really 9 . 
  eventually the uk government got their thumb out of their ass and helped a bit and we stabilized a bit in terms of a genocide the famine was one of the most successful ones in all of history . 
  try read the irish history books on pretty much any subject related to ireland . 
  honestly i 'm not even joking our books are great on these subjects . 
  they take actual quotes from the time , they take actual policies and whatever proof they can gather about death rates and migration rates . 
  it was pretty amazing reading it back when the books changed 10 years ago when i was doing the leaving cert . 
  and lack of money to buy the food too . 
  it was before records of migration which is why no one really knows how many people died , we just know the population dropped by around 3 million . 
  there were studies done though that suggest it was around 2 million that died and 1 million migrated to the uk , were forced to go to australia or went to north america . 
  went to turkey on a stop off for a few hours on the way to asia a year ago , i had 20 euro credit in my phone but i did n't turn off data roaming , it lasted a minute or so before cutting off . 
  my father has an entertainment business , karaoke and dj mostly , never works st patrick 's day . 
  he would only work if they gave him a few thousand euro and paid for more security for the event . 
  well it 's not really known where he is from . 
  they think english or scottish but we never claimed he was irish but he brought the catholic religion to ireland and converted ireland from random pagan religions, 
  my st patrick 's day experience today was get pissed rain on and get beaten with a selfie stick by some drunk spanish women not watching the parade . 
   incorrect , it 's not against eu rules to charge different shipping rates well i meant more that they change prices throughout regions slightly . 
  like ireland have a tax at the moment which is the conversion rates which are very different prices to de or es versions of amazon . 
   i should probably figure out if prime gives me free shipping from the other amazons . 
   well they would be breaking the free market rules if they did n't . 
  actually i currently should be able to buy from the the other amazon sites including the us site but particularly the eu sites because of the free market . 
  steam actually got into trouble for this sort of thing with regional pricing in the eu similarly because they offered different prices for different regions . 
  i guess it 's not really a secret but i got a message from amazon to a survey about using amazon uk and if i liked or did n't like using pound sterling or whatever . 
  i pretty much said i might spend more if i actually had an accurate representation of the prices instead of having to convert from sterling at the checkout . 
  i like the idea of an amazon for all of europe i think having a marketplace that takes advantage of the entire market makes much more sense than having one that takes advantage of each market separately . 
  some of those statistics are a bit out of date . 
  ireland 's unemployment rate is 7.1 % this year but the one quoted on the website is double that figure . 
  also ireland 's gdp per capita is higher again than the one quoted on the website it being 65k quoted last year . 
  the fun statistic i found though is you are 3.5 times more likely to be murdered in the us . 
  and the 8.6 times more likely to be in prison is definitely a big win for living in ireland i guess , 
  the north of ireland refers like i said , any time you mention north you are talking directly about the uk territory not ulster which is a mix . 
  usually when people ( i 'm from ireland so i definitely fucking know ) talk about ireland they say the north which is part of the uk and the south which is the republic of ireland . 
  now if i said ulster then i am talking about both and it 's not just donegal in the northern section of ireland it there are 2 more counties that are irish territories which are part of ulster . 
  ulster : donegal , cavan , monaghan , fermanagh , tyrone , derry , antrim , down and armagh north : antrim , armagh , down , fermanagh , londonderry , tyrone even more damning is if you actually google `` ireland map '' it says northern ireland and ireland and shows the border as being only the counties mentioned above in the north list . 
  tl ; dr : you are making a fucking stupid distinction which does n't match up with the common references to that territory . 
  donegal is part of ireland already why the fuck would they vote for or against brexit ? 
  that is like saying why did n't canada vote for the president of the us . 
  i agree on the younger thing but not the older thing . 
  the younger voters really should have went out if they felt strongly about it . 
  the older generation want to keep the status quo really but they would regularly lie or not answer pollers because they feel like they are waiting till they are sure but really they will always go with the same thing they have currently . 
  polls are a guessing game at times . 
  the polls were saying the brexit vote itself would have been favoring staying but then the old people swung it . 
  they rarely get actual answers when polling older people . 
  that is a fact about polling in most countries . 
  they say one thing but do the opposite sometimes just depending on what the last thing they hear before going into the booths pretty much . 
  well the brexit vote showed there was definitely a division between england and wales and the rest of the uk . 
  i think the polls are n't going to be very useful until an actual vote is called . 
  there are pretty obvious arguments to be made that scotland will be much worse off if they leave the eu , actually more worse off than the rest of the uk . 
  the oil and gas they trade ( not just to the uk itself ) , the tourism from all around the world and europe and the fact they would be a pretty rich state overall if they did n't have to give their resources to the uk . 
  the roads could be better , the hospitals could be better ... etc. 
  it is just a case of someone making an argument that makes sense to the older population which are the ones who swung the vote last time . 
  well not exactly armchair , i was involved in local politics in ireland very regularly . 
  the rumblings in the biggest party in the country is that the uk is going to fall in a few years because of brexit . 
  for scotland there already is a plan in place for ireland to fully support any breaking up of the uk . 
  30k for a job with a simple qualification is decent . 
  although given luas drivers get double +5 k more i guess you can argue the bus drivers are getting the short end of the stick . 
  they have to properly drive when a laus driver just needs to press forward and backwards . 
  well i 'm sure ireland and mainland europe would be very happy to take it . 
  well scotland pretty much said they are out and want another vote to leave which last time it was moderately close but this time they are seriously going to leave . 
  they do n't want to be out of the single market so more than likely it will be england and wales at the end of this alone . 
  well the thing is sinn fein want the brexit because it is the best chance for irish unity . 
  the north of ireland voted against the brexit with a decent majority and they get a lot of subsidies from the eu which will stop after brexit . 
  no getting hit with a baseball bat can kill , a regular punch from someone who is n't alistair overeem or whatever wo n't kill a regular person and actually there are studies to say if you are drunk you are able to take much more punishment than you can when you are sober . 
  i 'm well on the side of boys will be boys when it comes to fights like this . 
  it 's rarely 2 friends fighting in ireland , it 's usually some shit over women or who bumped into who . 
  do n't know the breakdown but i worked in bars for 5 or 6 years and the regular thing was just 6 + pints and they were looking for a fight . 
  well there is a level where i say `` yes they crossed the line '' when it comes to someone getting hit . 
  if you are in the hospital then yes that line is crossed but you have to respect people 's culture . 
  even me when i went overseas and saw my country being misrepresented and insulted i actually felt really bad about it , in my case it was `` irish bars '' where they had more in common with english bars or american bars than irish ones , like drinks that made fun of atrocities that happened here or pictures of oppressors on the wall . 
  it raised the tension really and i can really see why someone would be offended enough to take action . 
  although i am from ireland are we fight alot and usually nothing happens from a small scuffle unless it goes too far . 
  well to be fair in ireland a lot of things get filed on the invisible typewriter when it comes to fist fights especially ones caused by some dude really acting like a dick . 
  maybe they need something at the airport to say `` do n't be a cunt and make nazi salutes or you might get the shit kicked out of you '' . 
  people might think it is n't a big deal but it is part of their history and a lot of people have strong feelings about it . 
  well to be fair though ignorance of the law or being drunk is n't a defense . 
  it 's like that scene in die hard with a vengeance , where john mcclane was put on the street with the sandwich board . 
  well ireland has always had a lot more irish leaving than immigration , our population has pretty much been slowly increasing with the globalization of the country . 
  it is a good thing as a country we never had enough people to fill qualified jobs , there is always a shortfall , with more people as long as they are coming into decent jobs i ca n't argue with it . 
  honestly they should and the ida do that quite a bit but mostly companies wanting to invest move to dublin , financial companies want to be there and engineering companies want the best facilities . 
  out in the country you have mostly pharma and bigger purpose built stuff like the intel factory , i think hp and dell have some base that is out in the west too . 
  if it were me i would put at least 1 big company out in a place with shit housing right now like leitrim , they have a declining population and not much prospects , it would be interesting if it had some gigabit internet and a company out there , like it 's own purpose built area just for the workers of some company . 
  all that being said dublin still needs quite a bit , the housing situation like i said is shit at the moment and almost as worse is the transportation situation . 
  maybe 2 more towns in south dublin would be needed and maybe removing the highrise bans for offices would fix quite a lot of the problems for housing but we definitely need to get more luas lines down and that does n't happen overnight . 
  it is a planning nightmare right now . 
  honestly i think ireland is going to balloon in population very quickly in the next 5-10 years . 
  we honestly need to start working on our housing capacity right now , there is an influx in immigrants which is n't a problem in my book but we definitely need another 3k homes in dublin alone . 
  i would be really surprised if there was n't a housing boom on the horizon very soon . 
  the irish one other than the stars is an official flag of ireland . 
  it 's the one used for the president, 
  i do n't get the stars on the irish flag but otherwise it is just the flag of the president of ireland .
