  i guess the 4 stars is because of the 4 provinces but it 's not really needed . 
  the harp is fine by itself . 
  ireland is going up in a while too though , it 's 11 dollars right now for full time workers and slightly less for part time workers . 
  killarney park is great and all but there are much better places to go , i would say galway city in general is just a great area to go for tourists and the cliffs of moher are a good sight to see and they are pretty near there . 
  i 'd even say going to kilkenny would be higher on the list to me for a tour than killarney . 
  well we have tried by teaching it in school and a lot of colleges take it as an entry requirement . 
  most people from ireland at least going out of school have a decent understanding and speaking level of the language . 
  the issue is there is no place to use it . 
  they translate documents and announcements on public transport have translations but when you go home most parents speak english , you speak english to your friends . 
  the language was already dying when we got control over the country . 
  we did n't have the resources at the start and even if we did it would have taken action 150 years ago by 90 years ago . 
  assigned seating, 
  well the irish one does have two sides really they just have some extra seats in the middle , usually it is ff on one side and fg on the other , then labor in the middle and sf in the corner . 
  they have also people stationed in other countries too . 
  where do we get the money for that ? 
  also we have what 6 million people ? 
  where is this standing army coming from . 
  sure conflicts can be needed sometimes but what about iraq ? 
  was that needed ? 
  nope . 
  9/11 was bad sure but it was n't in ireland . 
  like i said the birth is a bigger issue than any other country since the foundation of the state . 
  sure they give aid to with article 5 but you have to finance that yourself too , it 's not just money from thin air . 
  you also are expected to allow bases in your territory and honestly aligning with something that contains the us and the uk just to name 2 is more detrimental to our safety than even what we are doing now . 
  internationally speaking we are n't even remotely on the radar of terrorist groups so why rock the boat . 
  the germans were n't a threat , they just made a mistake , pretty sure no one died . 
  honestly we technically were closer to joining the german side than the allies if you look back at the history books . 
  ireland since the foundation of the state has never been in a war under any capacity other than peace keeping . 
  not defending other countries . 
  we have a small standing army that is well trained but under funded . 
  joining nato would mean we would have been dragged into 3 conflicts just in the past 10 years . 
  conflicts cost money . 
  as for the reason why we standardized to nato practices and ammo it was easier than making our own and cheaper than breaking from the norm . 
  for the eu wide army as long as it 's sharing things like central command , resources and agreeing to be passive and defensive i 'm fine with it . 
  that kind of setup would make sense because it stops duplicating that effort in every country . 
  nato is great if your country has an enemy but really we have only had terrorist attacks from the north and the only bombing otherwise was the germans in ww2 which actually was because they got lost and thought they were attacking the uk . 
  fact is though we have like 2 jets , a handful of helicopters and a small army . 
  we are ok cooperating with nato and every other reasonable request but not anything that will increase our standing army or cost more than what we have already . 
  nato is a bit wider than what ireland really need . 
  equipment , logistics and protection agreements i 'm fine with but ireland does n't want to need to be part of any wars . 
  if something bad happens sure i 'd be happy to use our military to help but only passive , no invasions or aggressive behaviour . 
  sharing things makes sense for collective bargaining for things and not duplicating effort so no problem there . 
  like moving central command for all of europe 's military to some secure , purpose built kind of thing sounds great . 
  well it could be a case of french companies buying up land in spain and using grants to build the panels . 
  then selling the power back to the rest of europe . 
  it makes sense . 
  france is really pushing hard from what i hear for renewable energy so i could see them doing the job . 
  hmmmm maybe france will take the slack, 
  well most of the us ' force is well away from europe and their strategic strike capabilities could be taken down easily enough . 
  i think the us has enough enemies that they will lose on some other front and have to give up really . 
  a lot of the eu is in nato if the us steps out of line they will get the big swinging dick of all of those countries . 
  fuck even russia would help just because they do n't like the us . 
  well spain had a power problem for a bit , i guess this will signal them going into more solar power stuff since they are part of the problem . 
  i know ireland have been adding a good bit of wind stuff , i think we can still do it . 
  you joke but i 'm sure someone has made a gun with remote viewing and firing so in that case it would have wifi or at least a sim card, 
  taking over ? 
  they were pretty much number one since 2000 in every discipline . 
  they hate sc2 but are still the best at it . 
  they do n't have a server for dota2 and they still have a good top level teams . 
  the kingdom of dustin, 
   r'lyeh was thinking more of poseidon, 
  i guess they could do the same as they do in train stations in ireland which is have sponsored wifi from specific brands , in our case it is eir who give the wifi . 
  they just have a quick login screen to say hi this is from them , no email thingy or anything . 
  it is a good way for companies to advertise their internet products . 
  you do n't know the lord of the sea . 
  he has a permanent erection anyway , the man is the dictator of one of the biggest countries in the world . 
  pretty much has free reign . 
  if it were me i would be windmilling all day . 
  well the majority of ireland myself included do n't speak irish well enough to name most countries other than ireland . 
  i do n't know about other countries but ireland we just call it the czech republic . 
  i guess we are n't creative enough to think of an easier name to say . 
  well there are but they are there sure but mostly they stick to killing only people involved in the business and not people on the street . 
  there were a few instances and we have clamped down on it since but most countries have gangs , ireland has the issue that there was a paramilitary organization called the ira when they were `` disbanded '' a lot of them organized into smaller gangs . 
  there is a code of conduct though with them mostly and guns are rare enough in ireland that they want to be careful with their stockpiles . 
  well technically ireland have a very low prison population , we just have an unarmed police force to keep the peace . 
  so really we do n't have a high number of criminals per capita . 
  i think there are a load of countries ireland included which i can say are very safe for the most part . 
  the only other place i felt more safe was south korea which you could leave your wallet and phone at the table and go to the toilet without anyone stealing it . 
  that is trust in the people around you . 
  that being said there are people on the streets with automatic weapons on the street in korea so it is a different level of policing . 
  well when i read a number like this ( i have a background in data analysis ) i see the good old portion of people who are either uneducated , mentally ill or just plain ignorant . 
  for anyone in ireland to want to leave the eu i would say either they were n't alive when we were n't in the eu or just have no clue about how hard it was as a country before the investment into infrastructure and the laws that positively affect our daily lives . 
  we owe everything to the eu as a country , we are more culturally diverse , we have better everything and we have more ties to europe now which freed us from reliance on only the uk for selling products . 
  there will always be a dissenting opinion if you ask enough people , 27 % sounds about right for the amount of people who are stupid enough to think we should leave the eu . 
  i think it was less to do with eastern europeans coming to the uk and more to do with the the borders to other countries being open to muslims . 
  the press around the yes vote was more surrounding free movement being a security threat . 
  think you are overestimating the capacity of the unionists to get anything done . 
  either way i 'm perfectly fine with taking the risk if only to stop that really shit practice of people cutting the republic out of maps . 
  i 'm not talking about the colour of his skin i 'm talking ethnicity , not even in a negative way . 
  everyone in that role in the irish government was caucasian , not half indian or half anything else for that matter . 
  the difference is we see it as a massive insult . 
  the english invaded our country , enslaved our people and watched on as millions died . 
  saying we are english is a very fast way to get punched in the face by an irish person . 
  the senator is david norris who is about as openly gay as elton john . 
  the man is a walking cabaret, 
  also the first non-white taoiseach , not a big deal but noteworthy . 
  i 'm all for a passive-defensive pact as long as we as a country do n't break the neutrality it has held since the foundation of our state . 
  we have barely a standing army and our police for the most part do n't have weapons either , we have contributed to peacekeeping missions for years so anything that would change that stance i would be very much against . 
  well you have a decent talent pool sure but i do n't think you have a stronger talent pool than germany , just the strongest english talent pool . 
  also ireland has the advantage of a better corporate tax rate which a lot of companies take advantage of .
