  ireland has a smaller population but the advantage of us being soon the only english speaking eu base will be pretty massive . 
  good for you but that does n't mean other companies are n't planning something different . 
  if your sector is similar to mine public attitudes are very different to the backroom planning . 
  most companies worth their salt are always looking to see where is cheaper and where is better placed . 
  definitely not wrong here . 
  a hard border is a customs border , there will be checkpoints and the cost involved in maintaining those checkpoints . 
  by hard border that does n't mean it 's a wall but it means vehicle searches , passport checks and waiting times . 
   you really think that happen in like 9 months depends on infrastructure in competing countries . 
  in ireland jp morgan could at least move directly into a bigger building , they already had a decent presence so the move over is just creation of more jobs . 
   they are planing years ahead for things like this this one was more of a knee jerk reaction , they saw brexit and put wheels in motion to get out . 
   but others will be relocated to london . 
  depends on what happens with laws or taxes . 
  the instant reaction is ireland are the winners of brexit so far . 
  still ca n't spell whiskey right though, 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/business-39922640 that 's not the only one either . 
  it is pretty much public knowledge that either germany or ireland are getting a massive influx of jobs . 
  ireland is actually struggling because we do n't have enough buildings to house companies like this so it is germany that will get the brunt of these jobs i guess . 
  well you ca n't really like everyone but when push came to shove he came to the right conclusions and put together a decent run . 
  yeah it 's a shame john did n't get a long run . 
  what like 3 years he was in for ? 
  looking back he had a good term just a shame it collapsed . 
  i guess the worst thing for him was the whole royalty thing where both the irish and the uk press ate him alive . 
  us firms in the uk will be super interested in paying this \\ s financial companies are already bailing out , this sort of policy will get a few of the people who were on the fence about it . 
  i hope scotland comes too , i love those guys . 
  it 's not just state law , it is international law , if the uk wanted out of free movement and the single market they got it . 
  the compromise would be a hard border around ireland including ni and then another smaller border around ni from the rest of ireland . 
  either way there would be a big change to the status quo . 
  the most convenient answer is just having a united ireland . 
  my cousin 's wife is from the north and a protestant and we talked about this casually and they were even for joining the rest of ireland after brexit . 
  i think there are still some hardliners out there but there is a very simple answer for those , either stay in ireland and have dual citizenship or go to the uk . 
  well i think we are past mostly . 
  over the past 20-30 years the populations have become much more integrated on both sides . 
  i think no one is going to bomb unless suddenly ni gets cut off from the rest of ireland . 
  well the eu wo n't demand a hard border , the issue will be legally we would need a hard border if there is n't free movement between eu and uk territories . 
  the uk or ireland or the eu legally speaking are bound here unless the uk gives up on the territory , or some sort of deal is worked out where ni becomes it 's own entity with deals on both sides or joins ireland . 
  it 's near to ireland , has a volcano , a really cool geothermal power plant and a cool lake with the waste from that power plant . 
  they have an airline called wow which is one of the most popular ways to get from europe to the us on a budget . 
  otherwise , just a nordic country with great scenery . 
  oh and they have a bread that they make by putting it in the ground . 
  i 'd give it 30/1 , harris has a better shot than bruton, 
  well there are other people over those departments , the transport strikes will always happen , always , like the luas drivers were taking the piss , 65k a year , yeah i would have told them to fuck off too . 
  the nurses strike was more leo 's problem than enda 's , you know he is juggling quite a few departments and not directly overseeing everything ? 
  well even the water thing was n't directly from the irish government , that was something the eu were trying to get us to do for years , along with the corporation tax rise which france and germany have been banging on about for years . 
  well the irish water thing was more from the eu than from them wanting to do it . 
  as part of the bailouts from the eu the other countries asked us to look into ways we could recoup costs for specific outgoings , water was a big part of that because it is a big cost and most other countries pay for water or have privatized water in some cases . 
  well there were two before bertie that were n't obviously corrupt garret fitzgerald and john bruton . 
  i never heard a bad word said about either but they were n't in office for very long . 
  most fg party members speak about fitzgerald like he was the real world equivalent of superman . 
  it 's going well already ( for ireland ), 
  ireland just got a massive boost in jobs specifically from facebook , those jobs could be anywhere , they are in ireland because we are cheaper . 
  we are competitive in some areas , we do n't have a large workforce and we are even if not worse than germany for certain positions . 
  we add an extra cherry on top with the corporation tax and we are more competitive as a destination . 
  they have that on the end of some irish places too . 
  sure every country does n't deserve anything . 
  ireland made do with what they have other countries have to figure out ways they can stay afloat . 
  for greece it has a great opportunity given they are a holiday destination . 
  maybe encourage people from other countries to choose it as a retirement destination like spain had a lot of success doing . 
  ah i replied to the wrong one , 
  well ireland does have other attractive features , namely , good level of education , specific focus on financial , software engineering and biomedical studies in college , we speak english and have very good infrastructure in dublin . 
  it is n't just the taxation but that brings in the foreign investment rather than having people staying in silicon valley they make an office in ireland and have some development there or a call center in ireland , or whatever . 
  there are loads of different scenarios here . 
  facebook for instance do only a little bit of development in ireland but they have 500 workers or so in a center doing checking for inappropriate content , copyright infringements ... etc. 
  there are hundreds of companies that do operations like that . 
  intel has a big factory in ireland since the 80s because of this push for foreign investment . 
  we had a higher corporate tax back in the 80s , did n't go well . 
  reduced it in the 90s to current numbers and we now have massive foreign investment . 
  as for how the government handles the lower taxes , the offset is pretty massive , so rather than charging 1 company 30 % we charge 5 companies 12.5 % . 
  the bigger issue is effective taxation is lower than 12.5 % , apple for instance stored all their international money in ireland and paid a super low sum . 
  really it would have paid for half our government spending if apple paid what they were supposed to . 
  the issue is who do you piss off apple or the eu ? 
  apple and companies like them are one of the only reasons ireland is competitive from a technology standpoint . 
  we are n't perfect but the country runs on foreign investment , slapping taxation down on a foreign company would be against that specific strategy . 
  i can see conor mcgregor waiting at the airport ready to stop them, 
  yeah good luck with that , we have been getting pressure from france and germany for years but it would destroy our economy if we raise our corporate tax . 
  suicide is n't a valid economic strategy . 
  how about france be more competitive rather than meddling in another state 's right to control their own economic policy . 
  edit : that being said i think i speak for most people in ireland in saying yes we really should be charging every company 12.5 % and not letting companies , especially multinationals get away without paying . 
   how about you get a korean passport , she gets an irish passport , and then she gets her korean passport back by being married to a korean citizen ( you ) . 
  i think it 's more about who your parents are . 
  for instance you do n't have to go to the korean military if you are the son of one or more people who were n't born in korea . 
  for citizenship i think the exception is foreigners marrying a korean . 
  i guess the only way you can break that rule is if you start walking around shouting `` ireland is much better than south korea '' . 
  the rule is i think more about the fear of another country like china for instance sending a bunch of people to korea and then getting into power and korea being absorbed . 
  there already is a moderate sized population from other asian countries in korea , mostly china and japan and there are some singers from there who work in korea . 
  it is a bit of an irrational fear i guess , but korea has a lot of them , like they really are afraid of using fans in a room by themselves . 
  i do n't really think there has been an instance of people breaking this rule that i can point to and say this is exactly the issue . 
  mainly i think you are fine unless you get in the news for doing something very wrong . 
  if you make a scandal you are fucked otherwise it is all dandy . 
  oh so it would be normal to have a completely open border to two completely different countries ? 
  it 's a legal issue , there will be a hard border if they do n't want free movement between the eu and ireland, 
  at the moment at least until the situation changes she is just here on a visa but i can get a korean passport regardless, 
  i think the initial application is a bit longer than renewal, 
  for koreans at least she explained to me she would need to give up her citizenship . 
  for me since i would get it by marriage i can get it as long as i do n't exercise my other nationality in korea . 
  this is pretty new though . 
  go into an airport and pull out the passports like trading cards, 
  well given how shit the dfa is i think 51k applicants is probably more than they can even remotely handle . 
  that being said i think before brexit fully happens i would n't be surprise if that number increases . 
  that being said i was being hyperbolic with half of the uk . 
  it 's been relaxed quite a bit , if you get it through marriage you pretty much have to not exercise your other nationality in korea but you can keep whatever other nationality you have .
