   noone really does anything , it seems to solely exist to waste taxpayer money . 
  riddled with regulations and processes that make you constatly think noone with a brain has ever thought about these , riddled with people too dumb to really do anything else for a moment i thought you were describing the greek military . . 
  equally shitty situation, 
  same here . . also my ac broke down and finding a repairman mid summer is impossible . . 
  money . . 
  china has signed and ratified it https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_parties_to_the_united_nations_convention_on_the_law_of_the_sea, 
  turkey has n't made their own law of the sea . . 
  they just support the equity principle instead of the median line principle ( which we support ) . 
  furthermore not signing the law of the sea , which is customary at this point , is n't really important, 
   our soldiers probably have same/equivalent gears with you guys we both carry the glorious g3 !, 
  hold cores ? 
  what does it mean ? 
  it 's been around 50 years that the british protectorate on cyprus ended btw, 
  the bg 's work on a six - month cycle between european armies . 
  the last time greece was in charge of the bg was in 2013 i believe, 
  there 's already a precedent ( kinda ) from 1974 when greek and turkish troops fought each other in cyprus . 
  nato claimed that it protects its members only from non - nato attacks . 
  turkey already has a casus belli on greece in case we increase our territorial waters . 
  i suppose they could add a second casus belli, 
   that country is run by morons and the head of state is a paranoid village idiot . 
  greece or turkey though ? 
   i 'm sure there are some economic measures turkey can use . '', 
  a wet man does not fear rain '' ( i 'm not sure if it translates well to turkish though )  keep them in greece in exchange for eu funds . 
  probably illegal although some eu support on this issue would be welcomed . 
  however our pm and fm are idiots so . . 
   did that stop poland or anyone else from extraditing people to us ? 
  even people who had nothing to do with us ? 
  your mistake is thinking that these people had a chance to apply for an asylum ;-d, 
  erdogan just mentioned that the death penalty might be reintroduced , with a retroactive effect for those who participated in the coup . 
  furthermore ( afaik ) the turkish gvt has tortured and degraded the prisoners . 
  if the court is convinced , greece might have a reason to grant asylum to the prisoners . 
   or else it indirectly names turkey a country incapable of executing a righteous trial , which comes in antithesis with the current status of turkey in an international official level that would n't be greece naming turkey , but the courts doing so . 
  gvt is separated from the courts . 
  and it wo n't be the first time a court accuses a gvt for smth . 
  the echr has accused greece 4-5 times for mistreatment of refugees, 
  the greek one is even worse, 
  none actually . 
  just strong words . . 
  still , too much imho by a foreign diplomat, 
  when you leave the eu and start to contribute to the eu 's budget in order to trade with us , you 'll be essentially giving greece money without having any say on it . 
  i hope you 're fine with this, 
  yeah because portuguese and greeks are clearly idiots . 
  please elaborate, 
  you take a rumour about a trade deal with aus as a positive , yet you do n't even consider all the problems that the brexit vote has already caused . 
  you might be dissapointed in the near future, 
  ( tldr of the article ) trade deals with the rest of the world in two years max , supporting local industries , participating in free eu trade but with full border control . . is he completely out of touch with reality ? 
  when brexit discussions fail , blame the man in charge , boris . . 
  brilliant move actually, 
  or greeks eating pasturma stink so bad , that the smell reaches bulgaria . . 
  hey i love belgium !, 
  i love belgian frites , gauffres , moules - frites , beer etc. 
  i also supported your accent , when frenchies tease you . . 
  when i lived in brussels , i got my bread ( and baklava ofc ) from turkish bakeries . 
  turkish kebab also was my go to fast-food . 
  oh and turkish food stands for olives , dolma etc. 
  if i could n't find something greek , turkish was the closest to home i could find edit : ohh and chicken with fucking apple puree !, 
  what the fuck belgium !, 
  thank god for turkish communities in belgium and their homely food, 
   tree surgeons huh ? 
  arborists ? 
  no idea . 
  when our countries were more ok , our economies were developing yet lately we 've seen an increase in tourism thanks ( among other reasons ) to your problems . . 
  so no idea, 
  brain drain is a very negative thing for the greek economy though, 
  how could brits hate that guy ? 
  he 's fucking awesome !, 
  did n't the polish ambassador to london complained ( or planned to ) about the anti-polish rhetoric during the referendum ? 
  ( not sure about a source sorry ), 
  that website works beautifully for greek -  english , french ( and vice versa ) in case anyone wants to use it, 
  i 'm not thrilled but that project gave jobs to hundreds of workers and will probably give a few hundred more . 
  yeah man fuck you and your inconsiderate purchases . . 
  while we 're at it , what about the starving children in africa ? 
  a greek billionaire decided to build an opera and donate it to the greek public . . fuck him right ? 
  ( but seriously , that 's what happened ), 
   are my old european friends going to treat me like an immigrant ? 
  only if you take our jobs . 
  not actually ours since i 'm greek and there are no jobs , but you get the point . 
  out !, 
  hmm i have limited knowledge on your voting system so i 'll trust you . 
  my concern is that populists will always have an advantage . 
  ( plus hillary sucks . . ), 
  \u0399 expected it . 
  just like greece , populists win . 
  the actual arguements do n't matter , the side that makes more noise wins . 
  on the future of the uk and eu , i 'm slightly scared . 
  i do n't want to apply for a visa in case i want to visit london or study there . 
  furthermore , what will happen to the brits living in eu ? 
  kick them out ? 
  ask for visas ? 
  what about the europeans living in the uk ? 
  on a positive note , if eu collapses , we could blame the uk and not greece . . 
  i 'd pick gold . 
  or their firstborns * cue evil laugh *, 
  tbf the difference is a million votes , not a small amount . 
  on the other hand , is 1mil enough in a large country ? 
   without getting a say in any of them . 
  which is even stupider considering uk had ( has ? ), 
  a very powerfull role in the eu anyways . . 
  that is why i think trump might actually win . . 
  well if we 're going to form an alliance with 28 members , but only ~ 10 of those have a capable airforce then we are at a disadvantage .
