  a question to the mods : will provoking but polite questions be allowed ? 
  i obviously want to ask him about the lagarde list , corruption , tax evasion etc and not his everyday life . 
  i do n't know how these questions will be received . . 
  how hollande , a * not so handsome * man , managed to have such beautifull girlfriends , is way beyond my understanding, 
  tbf ppl with crosses have n't tried to solve the crisis ( yet ) . . 
   that foreigner might only be in the uk because britain 's membership of the eu allows him to reside here . 
  it 's absurd to expect him to wholeheartedly argue for a brexit mechanism that might bring his own livelihood to an end . 
  but will a brit with kids studying abroad thanks to erasmus , doing holidays in spain , married to an italian be pro-brexit since it might also bring * his * livelihood to an end ? 
  i suppose it 's anecdotal evidence but in my experience working * briefly * in eu bodies , the uk might lack the specialists , yet their diplomats and their national reps are very very capable . 
  nevertheless , i do agree on your analysis on professors and students . 
  i also did a master in eu studies ( in brussels ) and we had no british profs or students . 
  but since the debt is in euros , if we devalue our new currency we will also increase the debt . . 
  if only we still had drachmas . . we would probably have a currency lower than venezuela 's, 
  you do n't get it . 
  first we leave the euro and go back to a national currency . 
  then we default on all our debt and borrow more money by our allies i.e venezuela , russia , iran . . then we become the strongest economy by selling . . refined olive oil ? 
  it 's such a foolproof plan really, 
  we also tried monarchy and it was ~ ~ bas ~ ~ bad ;-(, 
  if that happens they will be wasting their resources . 
  the comparative advantage theory is explains this perfectly, 
   example : by buying german cars , you 're sending your cash overseas to employ germans . 
  by buying british cars , that money is staying at home , used to employ more brits . 
  since britain imports more than they export from europe , this will benefit them . 
  or maybe you 'll end up paying more for british cars because germany has a comparative advantage . 
  furthermore british cars will end up costing more since they need to import supplies from abroad , which will be more expensive with a devalued pound . 
  you simply mentioned the positives of a devaluation , i mentioned some negatives . 
  that mehter march has some pretty sweet tunes tbf . . 10/10 would let yanissaries pillage and burn again, 
  that 's harpa , mind control and the chemtrails , although they usually work in favour of turks and against greeks . 
  your conspiracy theories are not very convincing ( / s ), 
  pasok was exactly the same , yet the collapse happened pretty fast and surprised many . . 
  which means that there 's still hope for psoe ;-), 
  did the ex-psoe members also joined new anti austerity parties like pasok did in greece ? 
  ( fyi most of pasok went to syriza , so we did n't really get rid of them ), 
  pasokification became a word ? 
  sweet, 
  makes sense that way . 
  central city heating was never a thing in greece - the heat helps i suppose - so it seems weird to me, 
  it 's a bit funny that the advantages of large windows in netherlands are a disadvantage for greece . 
  large windows = a lot more heat in the summer ( bad thing for summer greece ) and loss of heat in the winter . 
  huh til, 
   afaik a thermostat actively/passively regulates temperature ( depends on system design and requirements ) by switching either the boiler and/or the radiators of , the knob is just to set a maximum amount of flow through an individual radiator . 
  yup . 
  unless plumbing is different in netherlands . 
  also ( unless you were joking ) you can get a pretty sweet siemens thermostat for like 30 euros . 
  if you 're handy you could even install a mini - thermostat ( do n't know the english name ) to your radiators which limits the flow when the desired temp is reached, 
  no wonder you use so much oil !, 
   the city wo n't switch on the central heating ? 
  there 's your problem . 
  get independent heating and turn it on whenever you want !, 
  also does the city switches the heating in cz ? 
  it was a live fire exercise so they 're probably real, 
   better than a brexit thread # 673893 * cough * * cough * even better that greece pay denbts thread imho, 
  ah shit feel like an idiot now . 
  ~ ~ the leftist party ? 
  some more info ? 
  usually leftists are pro-abortion no ? ~ ~, 
  yes they can appeal, 
  you know what ? 
  i kinda like tusk . 
  i thought he was going to be a puppet president like rompuy yet he seems a lot more capable . 
  he managed to improve his english skills in a few months , his attitude towards russian aggressivenes is neither extreme ( as i expected ) nor friendly and finally he was very very good in dealing with tsipras ' mess . 
  he did n't take a very negative stance and was well measured ( as a president should ) . 
  10/10 would reappoint, 
   now pay your jizya you filthy christian . 
  and that 's how the christians under the ottoman empire started to revolt, 
   ( thankfully not during lectures something has changed . 
  mid - late 00 's smoking in lectures was ok . 
  try quitting smoking in that environment . . 
   want a suspension of payments that works both ways . 
  uk stops any payments to the eu , the commission stops any payments to the uk . 
  those welsh farmers will be pissed off, 
   the eu can suspend uk 's voting rights maybe suspension is n't even needed . 
  during the grexit talks , several eu specialists had mentioned that the veto power is only used for accepting a new member . 
  currently all decisions are taken with a majority vote . 
   i 'm visiting all 4 micro national ( andorra , monaco , san marino and liechtenstein ) weird tourist experience , but i 'm definitely jealous !, 
  hope you had a good time, 
  is the bullpup design a disadvantage or just . . different ? 
  still in greece awaiting a decision for their asylum edit : 8 ppl not 1 , bad formatting, 
   good . 
  we should shelter people persecuted by erdogan . 
  \u03a4he cynical in me says , that there 's no point in angering erdogan for a few random turks ... 
  the look of the cop getting out of the car and defending himself . . fucking badass ( 4.09 ), 
  you kinda do actually . 
  lower income families have healthcare in the us through medicaid, 
  he claimed that he would hack into the banking and tax accounts of greek citizens which is very illegal . 
  also creating a new currency requires approval of the parliament , the finmin ca n't create his own currency when he feels like it, 
   did prepare a plan in secret to make a quasi-currency for greece so that following the referendum tsipras could have enacted it you mean the plan that involved taking peoples euros from the banks , turning them to a currency that no one accepted , which would result the entire population of greece to be left with deposits equal to zero ? 
  and all that would be completed thanks to a hacker friend of varoufakis ( the dude denied this later on ) who would build a new currency system , in a pc , in varoufakis office ? 
  which would also be very very illegal ? 
  geez , i wonder why no one decided to implement this `` plan '', 
   if greece had just walked away from its debt , left the euro , and reintroduced the drachma , it would have gone through a very severe depression ... but it would now be on its way to recovery who the fuck comes up with shit like that ??? 
  if debt is so easy to `` walk away '' from , everyone would 've done so ... 
  if we had erased the debt and returned to drachma , we would be left with a massive recession ** and ** no one in the world willing to lend to us . 
  seriously , after 5 years of greek crisis and this is the solution the author proposes ? 
  fuck that shit, 
  in his mind , warsaw pact = good , nato = bad . 
  he could be a good advisor to tsipras ' foreign policy team, 
  that was my first reaction too . . 
  macedonia to everyone besides greeks . 
  when around greeks , use fyrom or skopje,
