they 're pretty anti-trotsky . 
  it 's expected since they 're pro stalin, 
  brain drain is a big problem in greece , so to answer your question yes . 
  germany and sweden are the first choices i think, 
  hah i have two bulgarian friends and they visit halkidiki ( north greece ) every year . 
  macedonians visit a lot too apparently . 
  plenty of balcan tourists in northern greece . 
  pretty nice place , ca n't blame them, 
  there was also a small documentary about those two guys meeting on youtube, 
  did n't he also claim that it was nato 's fault for the situation in ukraine ? 
  what a loonatic !, 
  p.s i read that he basically brought the city of liverpool to a default in the 80 's when he was in the city council , but could n't find any sources . 
  is that trueish ? 
  hey , you 're still worse than us you know ? 
  a 0.8 % increase and that according to the hellenic statistical authority which is not really independent . 
  mention that aswell brother, 
  hah if lesbos had 2x the polish gdp we would n't be in crisis !, 
  i just wrote the comment to illustrate that even if france , uk , poland receive the agreed numbers , it 's basically nothing, 
  nothing ? 
  france has a lower population but a higher gdp than poland , so according to the new plan , france will receive more people . . 
  the local population of the island is around 85k and there are around 15-20k migrants !, 
  but your gdp is lower, 
  just to give an idea on the numbers , lesvos has around 20k migrants right now , that ; s almost the amount of people that france would receive under the new eu plans, 
  syriza 's migration minister did n't even dare to visit kos let alone propose anything !, 
  the provisional gtv , set-up two refugee camps in lesvos , made the army in the island cook rations for them , hired two more ships to transfer migrants to athens , sent more people to help process the demands for visas . 
  ffs even this simple shit was not even considered by syriza . . edit : oh and avramopoulos agreed to give greece 33mil until the 15th of september thanks again to the provisonal gvt 's work, 
  yeah it 's def not syriza 's fault . . even though the provisional gvt in 5 days did more than what syriza did in 6 months . 
  syriza even missed the deadlines to ask the commission for funds . . 
  gd is 3rd in polls atm , so pretty difficult for them to win, 
  did it mention that they are originally from bcan countries or that they just arrive after crossing the balcans ? 
  i do n't think the issue was even reported on tv . 
  there was some fuss on social media but still very little reaction, 
  meh no uproar this time , i guess we have other things to worry about . 
  although it 's not as if we ( greeks ) do n't get upset by it, 
  it 's a love and hate relationship . 
  tsipras was loved , now he will be hated, 
  it was just the channel broacasting , although macedonia is called fyrom or skopjie here, 
  nd wanted these measures from the start ??? 
  they could n't even vote the so called hardouvelis ( ex finmin ) email that contained 1 bn euros worth of measures . 
  then syriza came and they ( syriza ) agreed on every fuckin thing that nd could n't vote !, 
  dont get me wrong , nd is a shit party but syriza managed to completely fuck everything up in just 6 months !, 
  if we had a fuckin puppy in the place of tsipras , the situation would n't be as shit as it 's now . 
  i prolly wo n't vote for nd but their shitty policies are not even close to how shitty syriza was, 
  maybe . 
  the article does n't specify but it does state that the rifles were hidden in the back of the containers , under some rugs , in some drawers etc. 
  once they start opening more containers ( twelve in total ) and fully search the ship they might find more . 
  they do say that they will publish the findings once they are done with their research . 
  i 'll upload it when they do, 
  the coastguard released a few pics [ here ] ( http://www.hcg.gr/node/10933 ) greek link . 
  they have a few nice shotguns and some us made bullets, 
  money . . 
  the g3 is a bit outdated but the greek army created a nice a cheap upgrade of the current models that is the cheapest and easiest solution . 
  nevertheless politicians and soldiers might want a completely new gun and the debate on which caliber to use is still open . 
  p.s the greek army does not use ak 's . 
  it 's the g3 and m16 variants, 
  well , maybe he knows the weak points of entry in a military base and he could easily enter and plant explosives or something . 
  i mean , i was a private but i know very well the weak points in the camps where i served , including where weapons are stored etc, 
  hahaha they immitate each other i guess, 
  http://www.lifo.gr/now/greece/74510 you too . 
  title : how the turkish coastguard terrorizes refugees and sinks their boats, 
  huh?greek media reports that turkish coastguard attempts to sink immigrant ships all the time . 
   greece especially should be conscious about changing borders by force , right ? 
  did greece recognized the annexation of crimea now ? 
  did we get anything from the whole russian approach of tsipras ? 
  what the fuck are you smoking ? 
  greek police is n't too friendly either , although the un and possibly the eu have complained about their response . 
  as for cooperation , with the elections in greece coming , i doubt there 'll be any significant result any time soon, 
   summer is not a good time for making aggressive opposition in spain that sounds familiar ;-d  they are making some fud with syriza = podemos that 's also in greek news i.e podemos is losing power due to syriza 's mistakes, 
  they caused problems in kos initially . 
  then some of them lived in a central park in athens without causing problems , besides leaving trash behind . 
  now some of them still stay in central squares in athens being relatively calm , although large numbers took buses and trains to thessaloniki . 
  nevertheless there 's little support towards them and locals are starting to complain . 
  the next few days/weeks , with more migrants arriving in athens , will be more tricky . 
  btw vice did a documentary on migrants crossing the greek border to macedonia and it was pretty interesting if you want to watch [ click ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtkiq4_kofc ), 
  thanks for answering . 
  the greek police will do shit , just like kos where the situation had to reach a dangerous point in order for the ministers to take action , so do n't expect much . 
  afaik the migrants live and cross through the fields without reaching any villages and noone gets involved usually . 
  the minister in charge of migration in greece is oblivious to the situation and simply wants to facilitate the migrants crossing to macedonia ( which is semi - illegal i guess ) . 
  she famously said that migrants in central athens are simply sunbathing so there 's no problem with them . 
  i 'm a bit surprised that the macedonian authorities do n't seem willing to work towards stopping the flow from greece and they simply want them entering the trains and leave . 
  anyways the situation has hit greece , macedonia , serbia and hungary very hard and it 's not like we do n't already have major issues . 
   ask me anything , since you volunteered . . 
  so the greek gvt planned to have the migrants in kos shipped to thessaloniki where they could easily go to macedonia and then further north . 
  apparently your gvt ( and a few others ) complained and the ship ended up in peiraeus ( near athens ) . 
  the migrants still plan to go to thesalloniki nonetheless . 
  was that mentioned in the news ? 
  p.s [ reddit post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3hqget/cruise_ship_with_migrants_docks_near_athens/ ) about the ship, 
  has n't podemos lost a lot of support lately ? 
  is rajoy still first ? 
  there 's mixed news on the issue in greek media and i 'm not sure of the situation, 
  they 've been pretty silent lately , considering the whole migrants issue . 
  but yeah they 'll gain more votes imo, 
  gd is unfortunately the only anti-memorandum party , with a very strong stance against immigrants . 
  i think they 'll gain a lot more votes than previously, 
  varoufakis is not part of the left platform . 
  afaik he 's not represented by a party atm, 
  several nd/potami mp 's said that there 's a need for a coalition gvt and that they would support that idea . 
  a confidence vote is another thing though, 
  only it was around 20mil , not 120 . . still , 20mils feeds a lot of people, 
  i think the frequent elections are a bad idea .
