  btw i think the biggest problem with an eu army would be this : would a latvian soldier be ready / willing to deploy and fight in spain , under a german officer , inside an italian tank ? 
  i do n't think we 're at this point yet, 
  some eu members do n't even accept these issues though . . 
  so the estonian airforce with its three planes would be enough to stop a russian attack ? 
  no offence to the baltics , but an alliance without us is simply not viable imho . 
  they have so many guns ( the americans ) , and we need them !, 
  if it 's going to be defensive only , why create it since we already have nato ? 
  no point in creating another military unit just to include the 2-3 eu states that are not nato members . . plus in a really bad scenario we would definitely need us , ca ( essentially nato ) to assist us . 
  the remain campaign should just use similar fake numbers to sway more voters . 
  e.g `` 1bn/week for our agriculture by those silly french ahahah !!!, 
  vote remain '' as a side note . 
  the campaign for the vote and the arguements used , are very similar to our yes/no referendum . 
  people will miss the facts and the populists will win . 
  we get shorter and hairier the more south you go, 
   you better be prepared , natashas will fuck you to death . 
  i 'm also ready . 
  plus we 'll be able to have an orthodox wedding, 
  ukrainian girls are far prettier than greek girls , if that 's your thing . 
  however , for a swede , we 're all ugly i suppose, 
  there 's was a documentary about a us navy ship being cleaned and preped for sinking . 
  all pipes , paint , windows had to be removed . 
  the process seemed very complex . 
  i 'll post the documentary if i find it, 
   `` oh you do n't use the $ anymore , well then , i guess i wo n't need this money '' this is the average opinion of the grexit supporters . 
  euro = debt , so no euro = no debts . 
  i was it was that easy ;-(, 
   the only way you can revert back imho without major economic repercussions is with some sort of ** backing of the eu/germany ** so technically another memorandum / agreement i.e more recession ( imho ) . 
  grexit does not mean end to our troubles unfortunately, 
  the languages are equally weird, 
  athens = detroit ? 
  ( i 'm happy we are not on the list ! ), 
  edit : ellis island = kos, 
  yup and after what all baltics went through ( and still do ) , i do n't blame you . . 
  still up for the greek galactic empire though right ? 
  and you sound extremelly judgemental basing your analysis on an innocent comment ;-d, 
  well , if we get annexed , we get constantinople and then alexander the great rises from the dead , killing the fyromians for using `` macedonia '' illegally ( and the turks ofc ) and greece will run the galaxy . 
  it 's in the prophecies ( i have some books you should read ), 
  yup i confused glagolitic with cyrillic . . 
  in my mind cyrill = cyrillic not cyrill = glagolitic, 
  the modern greek alphabet is virtually identical to the ancient greek alphabet from the 8 or 9th century bc ( which is pretty cool imho ) but it was created from the ancient phoenician or semitic alphabet . 
  so , we should thank the phoenicians i suppose, 
   forcing some destitute hopeless slavs to use constructs like `` fyrom '' is pointless humiliation . 
  no it 's not !, 
  you are all wrong !, 
  god forbid you order `` french fries '' in a belgian restaurant . 
  `` belgian fries '' monsieur . . ( this is one of the two or three things that piss belgians off ), 
  both are delicious , end of discussion . 
  now get me some bread and maybe a salad, 
   scandinavian culture is very openminded and most people would not feel shameful to report a rape and the police would also take it very serious vs other culture is probably the reason for that is n't the legal definition of rape more `` open '' than other nations ? 
  the whole `` sweden , rape capital '' screams bullshit imho, 
  wait was n't the old cyrillic alphabet based on greek alphabet ? 
  were n't cyrill and his bro methodius the two byzantine monks who created it and spread it ? 
  or is this another myth of greek history ? 
  tbf even without an imported russian population , an annexation by russia would still win . . we like russia , thank you very much, 
  i believe interests are fairly low at this point . 
  the principal yes should be repayed , although tbf the debt repayment is the least of our worries right now . 
  ca n't repay anything if the economy keeps shrinking, 
  well , it 's not like we can actually repay the debt at this point . 
  either it 's forgiven , although impossible to sell to european citizens , or it 's postponed for . . ever, 
  alexis tsipras is probably the funniest . 
  i cry when i listen to him nowadays , he 's that good . 
  more water = more stress for the shitty plumbing ? 
  makes sense ;-d, 
   the iranian government supports hezbollah . 
  that charming group of people murdered over 200 american marines . 
  we do n't like people who murder hundreds of our sons . 
  the us government supported sadam and al - qaeda . 
  that charming group of people murdered thousands of europeans . 
  we do n't like people who murder thousands of our sons either . 
  see i can do that too edit : you also shot down a civilian aircraft so we do n't want you coming here and shooting down our planes and stuff, 
  you 're right for the shitty plumbing but i have n't seen more than 2-3 houses with a bidet in greece . 
  it 's pretty rare, 
  my bad then, 
  afaik italians not germans went there, 
  caught any fish ? 
  that 's the important question, 
   here is the thing , this pipeline has been labelled by many as unfeasible . 
  i remember reading about the practical problems of the plan ( depth , distance , earthquakes iirc ) back in 2011ish , when the plan was originally mentioned . . 
  i feel the problems are underplayed, 
  cheaper , but keep in mind that tourist areas are more expensive ( as everywhere ), 
  to clarify , they did n't find a huge weapon stash . 
  two pistols , one silencer ( illegal in greece ) and a hunting rifle . 
  hey , we 're still relevant !, 
   for example a kornet not a random rpg . 
  syria is full of them . 
  oddly enough greece has a bunch of kornets and fagots !, 
  although i 'm not so sure if they are of any use against a modern tank like the altay, 
  i honestly thought our [ 214 sub 's ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/type_214_submarine ) were pretty decent . 
  although we only have 4, 
  well you guys were camping for like centuries so you were n't playing fair either . . 
  yeah he buffed the greek tanks and removed curses . . 
  he gave us a small advantage, 
   so that we can exit the european atomic energy community gracefully ? 
  here 's a weird question : leaving the eu means leaving euratom too ? 
   but macedonia = bulgaria triggered . . more than the post actually, 
  ah now it makes more sense !, 
  with that percentage do they still need to form a coalition or are they free to form a gvt on their own ? 
  ( no idea if that 's even possible in nl ), 
   but yeah bulgaria was the driving force of the first balkan war and fought the most and lost the most men yeah but uhhmmm , we uhmm had naval battles and held the turkish navy away from the aegean . . btw this was the greek arguement during the treaty negotiations ( or that 's what our books say ;-) ), 
   which other country could be capable of such craziness and bring it to eu level ?
