  he actually said that he needed to see his daughter and thus missed the vote, 
  the thing in greece is that 1 ) not enough fiscal inspectors , 2 ) not enough money for their salaries , not to mention a bonus , 3 ) not enough money to pay the fines ( a few mils in unpayed fines in the country currently ) . 
  we 're fucked honestly, 
  why would i be happy ? 
  taxes will increase , salaries will be lowered , unemployement will rise , we will have to sell many public assets in the worst possible time with the lowest possible prices , there will be no word on debt relief and we will basically run the country with a bunch of technocrats that we did n't even vote for . 
  nevertheless , i did n't expect anything better at this point . 
  it was a stupid decision , with a non-existant question , that caused massive trouble . 
  i blame tsipras for stupidity and incompetence though, 
  the greek office in charge of privatizations had made a list , but when syriza was elected , the head of this agency was replaced and all privatizations were stopped . 
  if i can find the list i 'll link it, 
  then why did n't he propose another fund instead ? 
  one he has no control over ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't think that schauble would accept the 50bn and then use them to buy a new bmw , but the whole thing is very immoral , to say the least . 
  kazimir ( slovak finmin ) has mentioned several times that he prefers a grexit . 
  schauble is adamantly trying to get greece , to give 50bn in a bank which he partially controls . 
  that sounds normal to you ? 
  we call it corruption over here, 
  ehh 2-3 days ago , the russian finmin ( ? ), 
  claimed that greece did n't ask for russian financial assistance . 
  another minister said that the russian budget does n't have an amount planned for greece . 
  i think putin himself said that the eu should help greece . 
  the article is typical bullshit about a supposed russian rescue  even more reason to distrust nuetrolgreek , as well as this thread overall . 
  yup, 
  even if there was a legaly binding document it would still be useless without turkey . 
  btw the whole gas deal blew way out of proportions in greek media and showed how incopetent and gullible they are . 
  initially there were claims that greece would receive a 5bn payment at the time of the agreement ( a month or so ago ) something the energy minister silently claimed . 
  the 5bn were later reduced to 2bn and a few weeks ago the same minister claimed the exact opposite , i.e that it was impossible for greece to receive such an amount . 
  furthermore the talks in greece included a russian who is currently on the eu sanctions list . 
  oh the above mentioned article is from rt , so i do n't trust it, 
  greece and russia agreed on a pipeline , but the construction has n't even begun , there 's not even a concrete plan on a map and lastly turkey , has n't even taken part in the discussions . 
  no way that pipeline will be ready in 5 years, 
  pharmacies are fine so far . 
  they will have issues if there 's not agreement this week though, 
  if you leave without paying they can call the police and accuse you of stealing . 
  it 's not that simple actually, 
  wonderfull idea !, 
  we would call the pm quisling too !!, 
  btw , even as a troll post , it 's horrible and slightly offensive, 
  funny thing is that britain has imposed a sea-embargo 4-5 times in greek history . 
  gunboat diplomacy was used several times in greece aswell . 
  we should be more annoyed at brits rather than germans, 
  is poland requesting help for defending against a russian attack ? 
  i 'm greek , we have to money to send troops to poland , why should we help ? 
  see where i 'm going with this ? 
  no is around 60 % atm, 
  the council of state is not a `` greek court '' . 
  it 's the highest court, 
  in history ? 
  you mean last month 's history maybe ? 
  i hope sturdy head has a different meaning in croatia . 
  if not , how did they reach this conclusion . . 
  do serbs actually celebrate on the 7th , or is it just a church thing ? 
  alizee can never be replaced tho, 
  besides the defects with the greek sub , afaik the subs are very very good . 
  i believe s.korea also uses the same model without issues . 
  we use the `` it 's too warm to do any yardwork today , i 'll do it in the afternoon when the sun sets '', 
  i 'll add tom cruise and oprah just in case, 
  french ? 
  what kind of commie language is that ? 
  i only speak american !, 
  hahahaha !, 
  i can safely say that thanks to the crisis greece is wellknown already, 
  `` what language do they speak in belgium ? 
  ( my personnal favourite ), 
   we should send sarkozy to throw the ring into mt etna . 
  it is the only way to end the conflict . 
  i know sarkozy is short , but come on he 's not a hobbit !, 
  it 's been posted in multiple greek media but i could not find anything in english to verify it . 
  suprisingly though i found out that in 1990 a boat full of albanian refugees did sail to bari with around 10k people . 
  [ this article in greek ] ( http://news247.gr/eidiseis/weekend-edition/mia-eikona-1000-lekseis-otan-to-vlora-edene-sto-mpari-me-10-000-alvanous.3425181.html ) has some fascinating pictures . 
  i suppose some italian officials might be afraid of something similar happening again, 
  `` 20 men of the italian border unit will arrive until this tuesday in albania in order to assist with the preventive guarding of the border '', 
  in greek news it was reported that you guys are sending carabinieri in the albanian-greek border to assist them with refugee monitoring . 
  i suppose rentzi really wants to avoid ships of refugees arriving in italy and plans ahead, 
  our loss from the welsh football team a few years ago really cemented the financial crisis . 
  you made a good point , rarelly pointed out by analysts ( :-d ), 
  the two guys on his left are also golden dawn mep 's . 
  obviously le pen behind him . 
  no idea on the rest, 
  my idea was to move them to the `` grey zones '' , claim it 's turkish territory and leave them there . 
  turkey would be in a predicament . 
  if they say it is turkish territory , they 'll have to accept the migrants , if not the grey zones become greek . 
  hit two birds with one stone . 
   turkey was dumping the problem on you ? 
  dump the problem back on turkey . 
  turkey dumps the problem to greece . 
  we dump the problem to macedonia . 
  they dump it to serbia etc. 
  then the circle goes in an opposite way and greece dumps the problem back to turkey . 
  it 's the european way . 
  haha take that libya !, 
  what are they going to do , start a war with the eu ? 
  personally i would dump them in malta though , it would make a great ellis island ( and i also dislike the maltese ), 
  hey ** we ** have the privilege of being the eu country with the worst problems right now , so no one can take that from us !, 
  do n't confuse us with your usefull analysis , the ttip is bad mkay ? 
  deport them where exactly ? 
  turkey ? 
  the country deemed unsafe by the visegrad group ? 
  pakistan and afghanistan ? 
  the countries that are not accepting even their own citizens ?
