  italy had been struggling with boats coming in for ages without the funds to deal with it , and the rest of the eu basically had a `` not our problem '' attitude . 
  and now look who suddenly has a problem . 
  there 's some territory available for that . 
  it 's currently under isis control , clear it out and it 's all yours . 
  the imagery is fine , but the shape and multi-colour ? 
  i do n't like those . 
  in my city we named all the streets in one area around the apollo landings , one of the streets being `` john f kennedy drive '' [ milson , palmerston north , new zealand ] ( https://www.google.co.nz/maps/place/milson,+palmerston+north/@-40.327273,175.6018722,16.5z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x6d41b312229206af:0x500ef6143a2e4c0 ), 
  one might say they were `` abel '' to spot us . 
  roman empire 2.0 ? 
  the more i think about it , the more i 'd like to see europe move into isis controlled territory , take it over permanently , and develop it . 
  make it safe for refugees , and send all new applicants there to help develop the place . 
  but i have no idea how it could possibly be successfully done . 
  remember no country is being forced to let the refugees in . 
  pressured , but not forced . 
  you know , watching the internet quickly turn on muslims , it 'd be interesting seeing the reaction if it were muslim nations that shut down isis and significantly ended terrorism . 
  i think at that point , they 'd simply stop claiming credit for any attacks . 
  they 'd take it to russian-level denial . 
  new zealand has possibly the highest native population by percentage ( 14.6 % ) . 
  while they too suffered at the hands of european colonialism , they faired better than possibly any other group . 
  instead of just invading and taking over , the crown formed a treaty with the local population , pledging to protect their rights . 
  naturally there were numerous breaches by the crown , but it shows a different tact . 
  maori were instantly given all the rights of europeans , they could vote as soon as anyone else ( except women , but they were n't far behind ) . 
  maori could vote in australia before australian aboriginals could vote in australia . 
  of course , this is n't at all relevant to isis or most other native populations , because in new zealand , the maori were willing to have europeans colonise here . 
  they signed over governorship to the queen ( which the crown interpreted as sovereignty ) . 
  is n't most of europe what it is today as a result of invasion and colonisation by the likes of rome ? 
  those territories eventually become independent states because naturally , their colonial masters do n't care for them , but they remain forever changed by that culture . 
  see : india , japan ( not colonial but similar situation ), 
  i was n't suggesting it . 
  fair enough , i * am * an outsider . 
  i agree it 's a laughable concept , but how many answered against reunion because that 's what they thought it meant ? 
  surely it 's based on circumstance . 
  that question does n't tell you what kind of united ireland . 
  north ireland joining the republic , the republic joining the uk ? 
  when you say `` beat them into accepting european values '' , i trust you do n't mean actual beatings . 
  you 're so focused on something that does n't even matter . 
  let me spell this out so you do n't keep asking about it . 
  i have absolutely no evidence of any school , islamic or otherwise , that teaches hate . 
  none . 
  i 'm not british , i ca n't even give you the name of a british school , the most i can tell you about british schools is that `` they have them . '', 
  now that i 've done you the courtesy of answering your question , could you do me the same courtesy ? 
  how does specifying that you 're targeting `` islamic schools that teach hate '' help shut down those schools any more than saying you 're targeting `` schools that teach hate '' ? 
  how is it better ? 
  as far as i can tell , it just encourages the public to further dislike islam . 
  never mind my argument , who cares about my argument ? 
  all i care about is shutting down schools that teach hate . 
  and adding `` islamic '' in there is either pointless , or redundant . 
  it 's not necessary and just hurts the good islamic schools . 
  because your target here is n't islam is it ? 
  it 's hate itself , so why not just say that ? 
  how does saying `` take down islamic hate schools '' help end the hate any better than `` take down hate schools '' ? 
  even if it is true that the only hate schools are islamic ( though i seriously doubt that ) , even then it still does n't help you to specify `` islam '' . 
  it only seeks to further put people against islam . 
  pretty soon it 'll change from `` take down islamic hate schools '' to `` take down islamic schools . '', 
  i do n't think it does matter . 
  specifying islamic does n't help you at all . 
  how could it ? 
  does it matter ? 
  does n't really matter . 
  if it 's just islamic schools then just shutting down hate schools catches all those . 
  however if it 's islamic schools and a couple other schools then you 're committing to shutting down those too . 
  there 's no situation where specifying * islamic * schools is in any way better . 
  or , just shut down schools that teach hate . 
  not manipulative videos . 
  provably wrong videos . 
  yeah but no one 's gon na watch it over there . 
  most of the judges left . 
  they paid for a judge , a tent , and the name . 
  not having access to free market without free movement is not a punishment . 
  it is simply a requirement of the free market . 
   rusha pun intended ? 
  yes , your comment is exactly what i meant . 
  i do n't think the two things are so opposed . 
  a good ruler is a good ruler , i do n't think the manner becoming the ruler matters as much . 
  the issue is that without democracy , it 's much more difficult to get rid of a terrible ruler . 
  i 'm also left wing . 
  i do n't view matters as black/white left/right though . 
  i 'd rather have a good queen than an elected representative . 
  unfortunately there 's no way to guarantee that the next monarch will be good , so i agree it has to go . 
  now the interesting thing about this headline , some people will read this as a positive about europe , and others as a negative . 
  i wish people would stop using the phrase `` single market access '' . 
  it 's a useless phrase and every time it 's used creates confusion . 
  why did you ask a question if there would be no acceptable answer to it ? 
  you 're arguing that it 's low effort ? 
  there 's no clarification on what constitutes low effort . 
  that 's what mods are for . 
  there 's no set of rules that says what makes something `` worthy '' , there 's only the upvote/downvote system . 
  feel free to use it . 
  i like the ones that are not questions , but statements . 
  this only covers papers funded publicly ( partially or fully ) . 
  so if you write papers for a living , do n't take public money . 
  but then how do i claim the athletes victories as my own ? 
  woah man , i 'm not ignoring anything . 
  i do n't know a thing about kosovo , why would i know that they 've gone to russia . 
  thank you for teaching me and providing examples . 
  i 've learned things today . 
  i honestly did not know that recognising passports , but not a country was a thing . 
  honestly this does n't seem like it 's something that is common knowledge . 
  there 's a saying , hanlon 's razor , that goes `` do n't assume bad intentions over neglect and misunderstanding , '' you 're assuming i have an agenda , when really i 'm just ignorant . 
  nonsense .
