simple fix . 
  instead supermarkets must * offer * the food to charity . 
  the charity can take what it can and the rest is then discarded . 
  actually the wording of `` non-nato ally status '' got me too . 
  first read through it sounded like `` allies of nato ( who are non-nato members ) '' . 
  but what it actually means is `` allies of the us who are not members of nato '' . 
  heads of state are okay . 
  obama fits that , and sir jerry kind of fits that . 
  then let 's go ahead and use his full title . 
  his excellency lieutenant general the right honourable sir jeremiah mateparae gnzm , qso . 
  `` do n't worry putin , at least you 've got crimea . '', 
  @friend1 @friend2 @friend3, 
  could mainland europe join together and britain just continue with their current arrangement ? 
  the uk would no longer have such a massive influence on europe at that point though . 
  answer : taxes + existing welfare budget . 
  it absolutely requires extra taxes from various sources . 
  not necessarily a bad thing but all anyone can hear is `` more taxes = bad '', 
  i can absolutely agree on not rushing into it . 
  but i still support it . 
  it should start off at a low rate , even as low as a few thousand a year , and slowly increase over time so the effects of it can be tracked and forecast . 
  it should begin to supplement welfare and eventually replace it if it proves successful . 
  no system should be judged on the small minority who would choose not to work . 
  most people would still be working , supporting this helps those low income earners . 
  but why should you pay for someone who does n't want to work ? 
  sole parents and students are the main groups who have chosen to become unemployed in previous trials . 
  those are two groups i 'm okay with , they should be focusing on their children and on their studies . 
  the number of people that will use it to sit at home and do nothing is very small , i would n't say no to the entire system because of those few people . 
  * psst * . 
  honestly , why would n't you disregard random statements from people claiming it ? 
  publish a report on it that the masses can judge , then you 'll have something to stand by . 
  you ca n't just sit on the internet and post links to things you found on google or reddit and expect people to trust you . 
  those are anecdotal , there has to be a study on the matter . 
  all the teams at my work are kind of taking on a team to support during the rugby world cup . 
  my team got georgia  what i know about you is limited to where you are on a map though :( it seems like a really precarious place you 're located . 
  and that your government has made tentative steps to join the eu . 
  does it have to be an all or nothing thing ? 
  could n't germany , and those smaller countries do it themselves and allow others to join as they wish ? 
  though i understand relationships between the various parts of the eu are complicated enough , that might just further complicate it . 
  it 's the british way . 
  i want free movement too ( would n't it have to include ireland ? 
  ) , but it could n't happen if the uk/ireland properly enters schengen . 
  if there are still passport checks when entering/leaving the british isles , then you could potentially have both . 
  maybe we could have freedom of movement between the richer commonwealth and the eu , that 'd be great . 
  i think the argument is , if they 're at the point where statistically , they have a high chance of dying , then why are they being declared fit to work ? 
  naturally going to work would put additional stress on those who have a high chance of death . 
  people did n't like the megathreads , so maybe an optional filter like / r/worldnews uses for big issues . 
  solar power is more efficient than you realise then , 
  is there a set list of things the uk and denmark can opt out of , or can they just opt out of any new eu agreement ? 
  your founding fathers were traitors to the king . 
  the us is still bound by nato agreements so the eu is still pretty well protected . 
  essentially , if the us pulls out and russia attacks , the us would have to come right back . 
  yeah , the more you supplement other countries ' military budgets , the more they can get ahead in socioeconomic spending . 
  you can create incentives for them to live in certain areas . 
  like if your country has restrictions on welfare , you could loosen those restrictions for as long as they live in rural or low-population areas . 
  they could be assisted in their accommodation costs as long as they reside in their designated country . 
  please blink more , or see a doctor . 
  bloody would probably top rain . 
  because bloody gets attached to `` bloody foreigners ! '' . 
  unless you say `` it 's bloody raining foreigners ! '', 
  scroll up , and you 'll notice there 's more than just `` my flag means this . '', 
  with a bunch of replies saying `` okay . '', 
  people are talking , i call that discussion . 
   how many days in a month ? 
  how many weeks in a year ? 
  nobody knows . 
  tide goes in , tide goes out . 
  sounds like a lot of ass kicking would go on . 
  `` democracy is the worst form of government , except for all those other forms that have been tried from time to time . '', 
  - winston churchill, 
  it 's funny is n't it . 
  on one side of the pond the government is being criticised for invading the privacy of their citizens , and on the other it 's being criticised for protecting them . 
  they 'd be looking at massive fines if they went that route would n't they ? 
  well you 're likely descended from europeans , so there 's that !, 
  my ethnicity is officially `` nz european '' , that 's good enough for me . 
  mainly , i like europeans and this is a great sub-reddit . 
  how accurate can those figures be really ? 
  where do they come from ? 
  great question . 
  i have absolutely no idea . 
  i think i 've helped a lot of individuals , particularly through my job . 
  but i do n't have that feeling of accomplishment that things are better because of me . 
  i do n't have visions of being some renowned individual who changed the world for the better . 
  but i want to feel like i did my part , however small that part is . 
  i want to die thinking that whoever , or whatever i 've touched in my life has generally improved because of me . 
  i do n't think that 's too much to expect . 
  public servant 3 . 
  leaving the world better than i found it . 
  surely economic power affects culture ? 
  if people have more money they 're naturally going to live a different lifestyle and that 's going to affect nearly everything about them , culture included . 
  i 've seen \u00d6xit around . 
  [ come on america , you want this !, 
  russia has been cosying up to anyone having disagreements with eu nations . 
  they 're being friendly with greece and argentina . 
  if the eu sits back on italy 's immigration issues , russia may start offering assistance there . 
  that it has !, 
  in fact english is a big language for borrowed words is n't it ? 
  those words are used globally , they 're not uk specific . 
  well , i just used `` pakeha '' . 
  beyond `` nz european '' there 's no real name for that ethnicity , pakeha fills the role nicely , which was the maori name for europeans when they arrived . 
  it 's reasonably common for people to use maori greetings such as kia ora ( hello ) or morena ( good morning ) .
