  this is good . 
  i think a big part of clinton 's loss was `` oh why bother voting , of course she 's going to win . '', 
  if people are actually worried about le pen winning , they 'll actually go vote against her . 
  well actually , after this ship went down , a flotilla of private vehicles sailed out . 
  which cancelled further testing . 
  so your plan of sailing out there so they ca n't detonate works , just with the addition of a bunch of extra ships , and the political backlash of just having sunk a ship . 
  nah , in recent years there have been a lot of statements of the two nations being friends . 
  in 2010 nz and the us signed the [ wellington declaration ] ( http://www.stuff.co.nz/national/politics/4309206/full-text-of-the-wellington-declaration ) which effectively resolved the disputes that shut down nz-us military co-operation . 
  us ships still have a policy of not confirming whether their ships have nuclear weapons or are propelled by nuclear power , and nz still has a policy of not allowing such ships into our ports . 
  however there 's essentially going to be a policy of `` do n't ask '' . 
  nz will make a judgement call on whether an entering ship likely has nuclear weapons , and will expect the us to not send them . 
  does n't necessarily mean anzus ( aus , nz , us ) is back in full force , but it 's certainly headed that way . 
  it is , but at a much slower rate . 
  a united benelux could have more of a say in what the eu looks like in the future . 
  yeah , people replied online by showing how this can be done with pretty much any flag . 
  that whole referendum process was flawed , in the end we stuck with our current flag . 
  / r/vexillologycirclejerk is leaking . 
  new zealand flag referendum involved over 10,000 flags being submitted . 
  a small committee then selected a final 40 , then 4 to be voted on . 
  red peak was not among them . 
  then a massive campaign was run to get red peak included as an option in the referendum which was successful . 
  when parliament was debating its inclusion , one of the mps against it wanted to show how easily you could turn it into a swastika . 
  things do n't need a point , they just need public support . 
  maybe , but `` imperatrix '' sounds amazing , so i 'm not sure you 'd want to pass up on it . 
  i say we get our canzuk union going , then if the uk ever wants back in the eu , we can piggyback on in too . 
  and technically nz is in europe . 
  just 12742km below sea level . 
  no rules about altitude though . 
  if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it . 
  also you 're correct . 
  there is no budget . 
  i always wonder with these . 
  are people inclined to become more conservative over time , or does the future hold a golden age of left leaning politics ? 
  or maybe it 's the third option that the goalposts shift . 
  what 's considered right/left shifts over to where the public are now , and the parties change with it , gaining new support . 
  nz switched in ' 94 . 
  much as i like to think of that as the last decade , it was a while ago . 
  yeah , in terms of border defence , eu nations should be aiming to pay an amount equivalent to the size of their own borders . 
  with some understanding for nations that could n't afford this . 
  been reading up on the manifestos from the various political parties . 
  i prefer labour to conservatives , but one thing about labour is they fall into the same idea of `` we 're removing freedom of movement , but will negotiate to retain access to the single market '' . 
  something that wo n't happen . 
  i agree . 
  this concert shows this trend continuing . 
  by showing that people are n't hiding away in their homes in fear . 
  yes , deals on environmental matters , not trade deals . 
  there 's no hypocrisy here . 
  but if only one side is relying on mad , then you 're further than half way . 
  new zealand and iceland , safe because we 're both out in the middle of nowhere where no one would bother going . 
  ahh yes , the people against people who are against homophobia , but not necessarily homophobes themselves . 
  i guess it 's like saying `` have you been hiding/sleeping under a rock ? '', 
  well , there is such a thing as compulsory purchase or expropriation . 
  the government can require you to sell it . 
  well , i would n't be opposed to having an exception for certain countries like the uk , switzerland , and the nations that associate with the eu without being a member . 
  honestly think the worst idea is making uk citizens hate the eu more than they do . 
  or a fence , rubber bullets , water cannons , various other methods that have been refined over hundreds of years of dealing with riots non-lethally . 
  or less violently , not let anything through which can be done without shooting it . 
  probably . 
  the increased tourism is going to put a lot of money into the economy . 
  americans , just the kids of europeans going through their rebellious phase . 
  deep down though , still european . 
  it surprises you that pro-eu people are more enthusiastic about pro-eu changes ? 
  lithuania adopted it in 2015 . 
  all the others you 've listed are obliged to join in the future . 
  in practice there 's no way to force them to hurry up and meet the obligations , but they do n't have an opt-out like the uk and denmark . 
  that would aid in getting some common wealth between those nations . 
  australia looks like a deformed black sea . 
  i expect this is in retaliation to calls for the uk to pay a divorce bill . 
  neither side 's claim is likely to be successful . 
  increasing military power of their nearest neighbour is sure to affect them . 
  will it just delay the inevitable ? 
  sure , but it gives them time to figure out what they 'll do to make themselves more secure this time . 
  and you 're right , they must weigh that against how these actions will annoy the eu . 
  that 's not to say they 'll have a negative relationship with the eu , i think there 'll be a very close relationship . 
  but you still must consider everything . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  but given this , that they are still tied down to the eu , they must also exercise all their rights . 
  uk still ca n't negotiate its own trade deals . 
  hmm , but how do you transport these people to germany ? 
  true , though it does n't mean other countries are n't affected . 
  if services in the us are being charged , like steam for selling games , there 's nothing stopping them offloading part of that cost on international customers in order to lessen the blow on us customers . 
  indeed , certainly no polonium in any tea around here !, 
  saying it has helped , and saying it could n't be done without it are two very different things . 
  in conclusion : german , influential in europe , not internationally . 
  spanish , influential not in europe , but internationally . 
  french , influential in europe and internationally . 
  english , influential in europe and internationally . 
  i like to have very few friends . 
  am i a terrible person ? 
  do not worry arkadas , failures will be imprisoned and therefore not included on statistics . 
  everything in moderation . 
  as a kiwi , it would start worrying me if the aussies stopped insulting us , or vice versa . 
  there are people that disagree with the outcome , but also demand that the democratic outcome be respected and upheld . 
   not much else to say about it . 
  but should n't enormous discussion be had before such a huge change happens ? 
  you 're suggesting no one talk about issues like this , and instead just vote . 
  at least that 's how i 'm interpreting your comment . 
  there 's plenty to say about it , in order to convince others to also vote for close military ties in the eu . 
  well actually , the three oldest living trees in the world are in the us , the oldest being over 5,000 years old . 
  most of that remembering native american history .
