  wow , i wonder what the most british of chinese towns is . 
  tpp is dead in america , a few of the remaining nations see an opportunity to continue it without the us . 
  does n't stop vietnam pursuing a fta with the eu though . 
  that was a simile . 
  why does any of that excuse these actions ? 
  was n't immigration one of the biggest driving forces behind the leave campaign ? 
  since no freedom of movement was where both the eu and uk drew the line , i think hard exit was the only option remaining . 
  do n't get me wrong , i agree they should have required a supermajority in the referendum , but the discussion is about may not taking input . 
  what does input look like ? 
  it 'll eventually happen , because the poorer eu countries are improving over time . 
  but right now the difference between eu countries is greater than between us states . 
  ohhh ... 
  i see your point now . 
  suppose it depends on the will of the people there . 
  people of the falklands i understand do not want independence or to become argentinian . 
  i 'm curious why that is considered an exploitation . 
  is your land not your land no matter where it is and deserving of defence ? 
  ahh , fair enough , thank you very much for that . 
   playing donald 's advocate thank you for that , give me a bit of a giggle . 
   nato only applies to attacks in the northern hemisphere got a source on that ? 
  everything that i read about nato says it applies to an attack on a nato member by * any * external party . 
  is that similar to the american electoral college ? 
  where a vote in california is worth less than a vote in a smaller state ? 
  because that system is very unpopular . 
  for the same reason that cities in the south of france get a say on fishing in the north of france . 
  it 's one economy , it affects everyone . 
  sounds like you 're going to sleep with cows soon . 
  beat the aussies once in cricket and they hold a grudge !, 
  yeah , i have pretty low expectations for parks . 
  the main thing is a patch of grass . 
  that 's enough really . 
  a spot you can take a ball and kick it around . 
  i never thought about parks as something that needs expectations . 
  what you link to i would call `` nice parks '' . 
  no worries man , i 'm not offended . 
  i 'm convinced by what you 're telling me . 
  losing these patches of grass is n't too much of a big deal when you 've still got those available . 
  still sounds like a park , just a mistreated one that could have been fixed . 
  ca n't be fixed now though . 
  that said , glad to hear that warsaw still has plenty of parks . 
  a shame about all the lost parks though . 
  yep , the eu needs for politicians to stop using the eu as their scapegoat when really the politicians themselves are the cause of those problems . 
  people need to hit back at politicians who attempt to do this . 
  without the referendum , parliament would likely have voted remain . 
  now parliament knows that the people want to leave , so they will vote leave . 
  i 'd be interested in seeing a count of the number of electorates that voted leave or remain . 
  because each mp should really vote according to their electorate ( but will most likely go along party lines ) . 
  but even then i 'd be willing to guess leave won the most electorates . 
  it should happen eventually , but all nations involved need to be much closer economically before it could work . 
  i 'm certain they would have an ongoing debate . 
  a team would propose a plan , while another team would shut it down based on intelligence they hold on russian and chinese defences . 
  first team would then come back with a new plan . 
  actually sounds like a fun job . 
  the flair on this is absolutely hilarious . 
  oh i completely agree , mine was mostly a tongue-in-cheek comment . 
  what an incredible building . 
  that makes next year the 1900 year anniversary . 
  you can only dream of having something you build last that long . 
  i do n't think trump has proposed any reduction to nasa 's budget has he ? 
  he 's been supportive of space exploration ( probably for that sweet asteroid income or space nukes ) . 
  and now that nasa wo n't be spending any money on that silly `` climate change '' research ( / s ) , they can spend it on other things . 
  i 'm sure he 's just stating how far other countries have to go , not that they should n't try . 
  if you make the mandatory part not mandatory , then how many other countries will pull out of the mandatory part ? 
  you could end up losing more than you gain from allowing the opt-out . 
  ten unviginmillimillioctingentiquinoctogintamillisescentiquinoctogintatillion, 
  to be fair , the uk has been blaming all its problems on the eu all these years . 
  it 's only fair to return the favour . 
  it 's true that freedom of movement has caused a lot of problems allowing people to take advantage of smaller economies . 
  however all those economies are steadily improving . 
  it 's an investment . 
  short term pain , long term gain . 
  it 's up to scots to decide what 's more important . 
  remaining with the eu or the uk . 
  i hope the uk decides to rejoin later , but i fear that would be much , much later . 
  oh believe me , they make the same jokes about nz . 
  that 's nice . 
  greece is pretty average on [ gdp ( ppp ) per hour worked ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp \\ ) _ per_hour_worked ) . 
  they 're nowhere near the top but they also ca n't be grouped in with what you 'd call `` lazy '' , and certainly nowhere near the bottom of the eu . 
  as i understood it , the supreme court case was to decide whether parliament still need to vote on it . 
  if they just voted on it and the vote was leave , the outcome of the case would be moot would n't it ? 
  i guess the problem is whether the politicians would vote leave . 
  true , but that is how your politicians will present it to the public so they are n't making any kind of backtrack . 
  sounds like those kinds of cultures disappear because of people attempting to stamp them out . 
  if there were a europe that celebrated diverse culture , do you think that would turn out differently ? 
  there 's also people who are colourblind in different ways . 
  present colours separately and spaced out like the key in the picture , they can identify colours with difficulty . 
  but place them close together and that ability is lost . 
  the idea being that the technology continues to improve and uses less energy and generates more until we get to the point where it 's a net gain . 
  i was so scared when i saw this article . 
  i 've been following our 19th century elders for quite some time , seeing their numbers dwindling . 
  what a trooper . 
  or fans of rice . 
  one can only tony blair, 
  i recycled this week i swear !, 
  that 's an interesting comparison . 
  abortion is illegal in new zealand ( except where it 's harmful to the person carrying the child ) , but it 's almost impossible that an abortion would be denied . 
  as far as doctors here are concerned , being forced to carry a child that you do n't want to meets the criteria for `` harmful to the person carrying the child '' . 
  oh you know , things have been pretty shaky . 
  yeah i 've seen a lot of people telling us how le pen has less of a chance than trump . 
  ... [ they just need to remember this ] ( https://i.imgflip.com/psrez.jpg ) .
