  when referring to maori things , we specifically use the maori name for them , where it 's more common in other countries to just use an english translation word . 
  we go to a hui ( meeting ) at the marae ( meeting house and surrounding land ) . 
  we go to tangis ( funerals ) and we perform a haka ( war dance/challenge ) . 
  i would n't call a maori object sacred/forbidden , i would call it tapu . 
  ordinarily , pakeha do n't use things when there 's nothing of maori relevance , as that 'd come off as weird . 
  except words like pakeha , where we do n't have a real english equivalent . 
  i use that all the time around everyone . 
  it 's not a lot , as it 's only recently that te reo ( the language ) has made a comeback from the brink of extinction . 
  but it 's a growing trend . 
  now it 's taught frequently in schools , so most kids know a few words of it and more and more can pronounce the words properly ( rolling r 's is an art ) . 
  we have two national anthems , an english and a maori , and the maori is not a translation , it has its own meaning . 
  i am of course a bit biased , as i went to a primarily maori school ( very nearly the only pakeha there ) , so we learned more maori than the average child . 
  i guess the main difference there is , we 're using it contextually . 
  we 're not translating to english when it 's of relevance to maori . 
  it 'd be really weird to say you rode a canoe ( waka ) to the meeting ground ( marae ) . 
  and it 's really weird to call an iwi a tribe . 
  i know it does n't sound like we 've got some unified language that is some kind of amalgamation of two languages , but it has a certain feeling to it , if you know what i mean . 
  like if it were regular for an american to talk about native american concepts and not feel weird saying the native american words . 
  in fact you definitely would n't be calling them `` native americans '' . 
  calling maori `` native new zealanders '' almost sounds offensive . 
  yeah i got your joke  , just clarifying what i think he meant . 
  also , i do n't know why architecture and everything else would converge , like i said , i disagreed with his point . 
  i really like how we approached maori in new zealand . 
  english is our main language , but many people , including non-maori , use a bunch of maori words in their everyday vocabulary . 
  it 's not terribly common , but it is increasing as people get over the cringe-factor of pakeha ( nz european ) using maori words . 
  i think it 's the best way to keep those languages alive , do n't just learn english , but change english to have various european dialects of english . 
  i think he meant that as americans all look like one culture , europe too would all look like one culture . 
  not that europeans would emulate american culture . 
  i disagree with him though , i think culture is built by more than just language . 
  that was the goal at least , but did webster really achieve the goal of creating a version of english more utilitarian than oxford ? 
  the only differences i really know of are the spelling differences . 
  asia , africa , the americas , and the pacific all have their own . 
  i guess europe wants some of that . 
  can i introduce you to my friend * per capita ? 
  do n't forget alaska is usually found to the south-west of america next to hawaii surrounded by a strange rectangular box . 
  [ example ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-il7enepo2pa/thzuxhflyji/aaaaaaaabf4/mf_xdtbjy7w/s1600/usa-map-pictures.gif ) . 
  as a new zealander ... 
  i have no problem with this !, 
  yeah , it 'd suck if there were a subreddit to get you back into it . 
  whoops , i dropped this ... / r/vexillology, 
  note that my suggestion was n't intended as a way to increase power . 
  the only thing i meant to suggest was a way to save money , which is something the video focused on significantly . 
  well , can you have it both ways ? 
  keep separate militaries , but have a cooperative spending agreement . 
  all agreeing on the same hardware , and all contributing to mutual r&d projects , but retaining the right to project your military as you wish . 
  this lowers spending for all countries and allows you to retain control over what your military does . 
  they 're so transparent . 
  putting pressure on and attacking ukraine , a nation who might have joined the eu . 
  increased relations with greece , a nation who is currently being pressured by europe . 
  aiding argentina , another country in dispute with an eu nation . 
  just some days then ? 
  what i 've determined from reading all four threads is that everyone thinks all their own countrymen would leave . 
  i guess that means we 're all going to play international musical chairs . 
  because you have more say in a smaller force . 
  classic frenchie !, 
  sorry , i 'm learning things like that . 
  i love that the greek navy is still called the `` hellenic navy '' . 
  sadly however , there are not a thousand ships . 
  all schengen nations should be required to contribute an amount equivalent to the size of their existing borders . 
  the reasoning is , if you were n't in schengen , then that 's the border you 'd have to spend even more protecting anyway . 
  sounds like you 've got scott sterling on your side . 
  as a rugby fan , where england was knocked out of their own world cup in the pool stages ... is a similar thing in football for them a concern ? 
  because all nations involved argue over borders . 
  no one really argues over making medical supplies easily available . 
  why is it you see this more as meddling , rather than them trying to appeal to you ? 
  certainly they 're doing what is good for them , but is there an issue if they 're arguing for mutual benefit ? 
  nations always appeal to each other . 
  it 's just a bit more rare between developed nations . 
  -- regardless of his actual intentions though , it seems so many people * believe * they 're meddling . 
  and that 's what 's important , how the public perceives this action . 
  which means it 's a foolish move . 
  ahh , so you 've got nothing then . 
  did n't ask for a source , asked for an example . 
  more specifically for you , a scenario that has happened . 
  you reckon ? 
  got any examples of a single nato ground troop taking out 1,000 russians ? 
  i admire your optimism . 
   if nato wanted they could be in moscow in another 48 hours . 
  definitely not . 
  if nato tried for a full-scale invasion , the war would turn nuclear . 
  and 40k troops as well as capitals of nato nations would be the first targets . 
  that 's how `` popular opinion '' works . 
  different points of view are popular at different times , it 's not a suggestion that people are changing . 
  puerto rico 's looking to join !, 
  and do n't forget about the north american union movement . 
  though only the former is likely . 
  people were saying months ago that `` the men come first on the dangerous journey , then get the rest of their family in '' is that what 's happening now ? 
  all schengen countries should be required to pay to the eu an amount proportional to the size of their existing borders . 
  because without schengen , that 's the border you 'd have to commit funds to anyway . 
  then the eu can allocate those funds to the border nations appropriately . 
  it would be much cheaper than borders between every nation . 
  how many nations on the borders of the schengen ? 
  while there are 26 in schengen in total . 
  and those 19 nations only need to protect their borders that touch the * outside * of schengen . 
  and the north-western countries do n't need as much as the east and southern nations . 
  you 'd end up lowering the cost for each state because that 's a lot of funds to go to relatively few borders , and they 're focused exactly where you need them . 
  i only applied this to schengen , but the same rule essentially applies if it was applied to the entire eu . 
  and yeah , if you 're in a far off nation where the refugees do n't bother you and you do n't think it 's your problem , remember what everyone else was saying when italy was in the limelight dealing with all the boats coming in . 
  now everyone 's dealing with that problem when they could have done something about it while italy suffered . 
  that 's how taxes work , you pay something now that you might rather not , because one day you might need it .
