  not an unreasonable demand . 
  if the eu does n't want to be part of single market sans people movement , then why should they be forced to ? 
  in a representative democracy , i do n't believe representatives should just vote for what they think their people want . 
  if that were the case then the continent could be run by a bunch of polling machines . 
  instead i think that they should vote for what they think is best for their people . 
  i did n't vote for my representative because he 'll vote in line with what i want . 
  i voted for him because i trust his judgement and experience on matters that hardly know about . 
  with that in mind it is to be expected that he wo n't necessarily vote for what i want . 
  my job is to consider the effects of how he votes to see if he was right , and reconsider whether i still trust his judgement . 
  well , `` technically '' you ca n't , but honestly what would be the consequences of doing so anyway ? 
  is that not what they already pay ? 
  so they 'd be getting access to the single market for the same cost that they pay now , but also getting what they wanted out of this , no movement of people . 
  sounds like the difference to now for the eu is the eu just loses movement of people to the uk . 
  so he wants to swap freedom of movement for regular payments to the eu . 
  so if this is something the eu is willing to negotiate on ( which they 've pretty well established it 's not ) , then i wonder what amount of money they 'd be willing to trade freedom of movement for . 
  i bet the uk would n't go for it once the eu puts a number on it . 
  and those people on / r/europe are correct that spain has no problem staying in the eu , they 've just clarified that they must be independent first , and recognised by westminster . 
  indeed . 
  the big difference in the two situations is it is likely westminster would agree to scotland going independent , which spain is not necessarily against . 
  at which point they would not likely block the accession of an undisputed independent scotland . 
  ohhh !, 
  my bad . 
  that 's actually a good one !, 
  i 'm just dull . 
  yes but now you 've taken that off the table and are n't willing to put it back on . 
  so you 've got to come up with something new . 
  that 's okay really , you are n't required to be in the single market . 
  i mean , you 're gon na lose out on a lot by not being in it , but that 's up to you ( your nation ) . 
  he agreed to having a referendum so he could stay in power , but desperately hoped it would fail . 
  that does not however remove fault from him . 
  it was his decision ultimately so he lives with it . 
   that could allow britain to retain access to the single market without having to accept unlimited immigration from the eu . 
  again asking for benefits without taking the responsibilities . 
  how would this be fair to norway ? 
  if the uk want this , they should need to offer something of equal value to the eu . 
  indeed it 's important for the us to get in there early . 
  the uk has always been a valuable ally to the us . 
  i do fear however that the uk alone wo n't have the negotiating power that the eu does . 
  they are sure to get a much worse deal . 
  completely different situation and spain has said they wo n't stand in the way of scotland joining the eu . 
  and then they do n't get all the special exemptions they get now . 
  south east asia is also crazy . 
  the cool thing about south africa is , it has 11 national languages . 
  i do n't see a need to suddenly federalise . 
  ever closer union is a perfectly good strategy that will naturally decide if that is the end game . 
  a single border patrol is necessary i think . 
  all countries should have a minimum amount they should contribute based on their border size , then the eu itself allocates that funding as it sees fit , with the responsibility of protecting the eu as a whole , without deference to individual nations . 
  preferable would be a single agreement for all europe , so you just have netflix europe . 
  more preferable , no exclusives . 
  i agree democracy is the best way to run a country , but we disagree on what kind of democracy . 
  not a fan of what you 're suggesting where if something is * slightly * more popular it should be taken . 
  i prefer supermajorities for some of these things . 
  there 's much better polling than a single question which requires people to individually think about all the consequences of their answers . 
  you can look up favourability of each major part of the eu , including non-trading things . 
  tell that to / r/mapswithoutnz . 
  `` somewhere over a rainbow ... '' eu is officially oz . 
  yeah man , remember all those times in history where europe has peacefully united ? 
  those were some times !, 
  that 's not an argument against referenda enhancing democracy , that 's an argument against democracy . 
  what would it mean for uk/eu relations if it were actually stopped now ? 
  would the deal that cameron got before the vote still be a thing ? 
  could the uk use `` look how close we were to leaving '' as a threat or would the eu be able to say `` look , you came back '' to knock off these threats ? 
  celtic union !, 
  sounds like you would argue which situations the service should be activated in , but not the service itself . 
  large earthquakes that crumble cities for instance , you want to make sure people are safe , even the narcissists . 
  to start , please excuse me if i 'm using the wrong term , take that as just my ignorance . 
  all i mean is people from romania . 
  regarding who 's sick of it ? 
  the british , i see a lot of public opposition to people from romania moving there , i imagine it contributed to their leaving . 
  also to be clear , when i say `` people '' , i 'm not including myself . 
  i intend to suggest that people should not be sick of it . 
  true , though as time progressed if the roman empire stayed strong , you 'd see different phases . 
  some emperors would be happy with building upon what they already had , and others would look to expansion . 
  people are sick of romanians migrating across the continent . 
  you want to slow that down , build up romania , give them a reason to stay . 
  hell , maybe you could even get others to move there . 
  pretty sure that 's what we 'll be seeing with the eu . 
  nation joins , bunch of people from there leave , eu invests in the nation , builds it up , migration slows because their home is just as good , that nation eventually becomes a net contributor . 
  well , that 's the ideal anyway . 
  how in the world could `` progressivism '' be considered an insulting name ? 
  that 'd make them anti-progressives , which actually does sound like an insult . 
  or is that just my progressivist mind thinking that progress = good . 
  i 'm led to believe that a lot of recent australian wealth is due to mining and other fossil fuels . 
  will australia continue to grow when this is no longer viable ? 
  which , to give credit where it 's due , is an incredible service . 
  but yes , i do get your meaning . 
  amazing , knew what this was without even understanding a word . 
  rename government to senatus populusque europa ( spqe ), 
  the antipodal alliance . 
  it 's always those damn nords taking the top spot from nz : /, 
  really ? 
  because most of the time i find the `` x of europe '' posts really interesting and informative . 
  not so much with comics , but other times . 
  not if you 're the one being asked to attend . 
  the question is , how badly do they want you to attend ? 
  enough to allow a loosening of that law ? 
  pretty reasonable way to handle it . 
  i think the series posts are an asset to the sub-reddit that are as equally informative as they are fun . 
  and putting a time frame on them means they do n't completely take over the sub for too long . 
  long as you at least let them go for a couple days i think .
