  plenty of people do n't know how the law in brazil works . 
  myself included . 
  how do you enter a country if that could try does n't recognise your passport ? 
  i do n't think furniture piracy will be big . 
  there will be plenty of free stuff for you to download and print . 
  imagining too far into the future is difficult for anyone . 
  he just asked a question dude . 
  i think he means , how do you physically enter a country with an unrecognised passport ? 
  would n't you be stopped at the border and be told `` you do n't have a passport that we recognise . '' ? 
  does brazil have special rules for the olympic period ? 
  could people from kosovo travel there under their usual passport any other time ? 
  there is significant overlap , yes . 
  australia `` stopped the boats '' . 
  would n't poland/spain veto this ? 
  `` a rising star crushed by a bloc '' seems to be what they 're going for here . 
  i mean , in the us they keep pictures up of andrew jackson . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , this is a pretty poor deal for the uk and a good deal for the eu . 
  the public wanted to leave the eu and stop migration . 
  if this is the deal they get , then they merely get a short reprieve from migration . 
  and for most purposes , everything else stays the same , except they lose a lot of their influence in the eu . 
  remembering that other countries have also had this kind of break from migration . 
  so the uk is n't even special here . 
  because the uk does n't have the capability to negotiate so many trade agreements in any reasonable time . 
  nothing against the uk , countries barely ever have to start from scratch like that . 
  i 'm fine with this . 
  it 's giving the uk what they want , but only temporarily ( what is seven years really ? ) . 
  they get the single market , the eu gets stability . 
  and after seven years , everything goes back to the way it is now , but the uk gets less influence in the eu . 
  and it protects all the eu citizens living in the uk now . 
  european nations still have a lot of their own priorities that would just not be met by a singular military . 
  that said , today they have a lot more of the same priorities than they did before . 
  we may be at , or soon be at the point where the benefits outweigh the costs for each individual nation . 
  the one thing i think the eu needs now , and can do now ? 
  combined border controls . 
  each nation would be required to contribute an amount proportional to the size of their own borders . 
  this sub has noticed that with a number of the incredible online services the eu provides . 
  the eu has terrible pr . 
   or maybe it 's just that the results of this poll do n't fit your opinions . 
  well , lets use your additional links to assess that shall we ? 
  your first link to stats from the eurobarometer shows generally overwhelming support for more eu intervention on most of the issues presented , apart from some countries on some specific topics , which is to be expected . 
  you 'll note `` specific powers/topics '' was one of my `` excuses '' . 
  what you 've presented further backs up what i 've said . 
  only one of those issues has over half of the countries listed with less than 50 % support for further intervention from the eu . 
  industrial policy . 
  but those nations that do n't want more involvement , are happy with what 's there . 
  agriculture , in sweden was the one that came closest to wanting less involvement , but even then , only 37 % of people wanted less involvement . 
  still less than `` more or no change '' . 
  then we come to `` exit polls '' which show some countries with quite strong exit movements . 
  clearly there is a general distrust of the eu as a whole . 
  so what we find are two conflicting views of the public . 
  when you ask them about whether they want more eu involvement on specified topics , they are generally agreeable and want to see it . 
  but ask them whether they want more or less involvement overall , and you 'll see that they want less involvement . 
  hell , look at the uk , on most issues , brits overwhelmingly wanted more involvement from the eu according to the eurobarometer . 
  but ask them whether they want in or out , and well ... we have our answer . 
  this is why i maintain that the pew poll is limited . 
  no one wants to give up sovereignty and power in general , until you actually ask them about specific topics , so that they can actually consider the effects it will have on them . 
  i do not believe i was just making excuses , nor just trying to dismiss a poll that did n't fit my opinion . 
  i had already looked up exactly that when you first linked the picture . 
  far from excuses , they 're legitimate concerns with the way they worded the question that is very open to bias . 
  i do n't question the institution themselves , but they 've missed the mark on this question . 
  of course with a poll presented like that ? 
  `` do you want to give up power and/or sovereignty ? '', 
  that 's never going to win out the people . 
  who wants to just blindly give up sovereignty without knowing what for ? 
  so very biased . 
  it uses unaggressive phrasing like `` some powers should be returned '' , and then on the other end says the same thing in a stronger way `` should transfer more powers to eu '' even the wording there is biased !, 
  imagine if it were presented as :  some powers should be transferred to the eu division of powers should remain the same the eu should transfer more powers to national govts . 
  a completely different tone just by rearranging some words . 
  and then it specifically leaves out what powers you 're talking about . 
  `` here 's our plan for a centralised energy union in the eu that will have these effects '' would have an entirely different result in such polls . 
  it also does n't give you the option to choose both . 
  what if you want some powers to be transferred to the eu , but you also want some taken away ? 
  what do you answer ? 
  the less aggressive wording of `` some powers should be returned to national govts '' leads you towards choosing that . 
  that sounds pretty reasonable . 
  makes more sense to go for ever closer union now that the people who do n't want it are out . 
  unless of course many other members do n't want ever closer union . 
  in a free trade agreement , you have either no , or not very high tariffs or taxes on goods and/or services . 
  often these have exceptions on specific industries where say , one country might damage the industry of another . 
  the single market requires that there be no taxes/tariffs/quotas on any goods , services , labour , or capital being moved between the countries . 
  so a company could very simply uplift everything in their business and shift it to another country , including taking workers with them , and not have any restriction on this at all . 
  a fta would n't allow this . 
  the single market also ensures that certain industries in every country must follow the same rules and regulations in order to create a level playing field . 
  this kind of thing does n't happen under a fta . 
  as a replacement they instead impose tariffs/taxes/quotas on certain industries to keep things fair . 
  a lot of people try to say that free movement of people/labour is an inalienable part of the single market , but there 's no reason one could n't work without it . 
  but the point should be , that 's not the direction that the eu wants to go , and that should be okay . 
  step 1 . 
  lower corporate tax to encourage corporations to stay . 
  step 2 . 
  increase taxes on the peasants and blame the eu for restricting single market access . 
  britain is in freedom of movement , which means they are required to allow eu citizens into the uk . 
  they still check passports at the border though just to make sure . 
  this allows them to prevent refugees from entering the uk . 
  schengen requires that a country not check passports and not have any border control at all and just let in anyone who is coming from across an eu border . 
  that 's because a free trade agreement is very different to a single market . 
  being in the single market has various advantages over a free trade agreement . 
  why do you think britain is doing whatever it can to stay in the single market and not just organise a standard fta ? 
  if switzerland/britain want to leave , the eu is certain to negotiate ftas with both of them . 
   there is no real reason why this should be the case other than a principle that is aimed at cementing europe into a single body .
