well they are illegals . 
  hurt feelings ? 
  bringing up the nazis for sympathy points , smart move !, 
  yes , the citizens of the country , took part in the war and it 's their fault , and they deserve this . 
  i had the mafia in mind when i wrote my comment but i guess i forgot to mention it . 
  while the mafia was a horrible thing to bring over , keep in mind that it was organized crime . 
  it did n't target innocent people for the most part . 
  it did n't threaten anybody who lived in the area before the italians because if you did n't mess with the mob , the mob did n't mess with you , it was basically just more fear than actual cause . 
  nonetheless , just because only the first , and second might be the only ones who are violent , that does n't mean we should tolerate them or wait it out . 
  except that when italians went to america they generally did n't rape , rob , murder , or commit acts of terror against america . 
  of course not all immigrants are like this , but it 's a lot higher of a number than it should be . 
  back then , it was different . 
  anyone who was n't a wasp was seen as less in society largely due to religious reasons , and saying people were poor and dirty was just rumors spread around to support their position . 
  it 's a little different today , because you can see pictures of places like calais , or you can read about statistics in london , malmo , etc. . edit : also , america was designed for an immigrant-only population . 
  the italians kept to themselves in new york and long island but also assimilated to the local culture . 
  i think it 's less brutal than the razor wire, 
  are you ok ? 
   like they should have put the only thing you could have been referring to is the electric fence . 
  says the albanian ? 
  i do n't represent the gypsies who went to italy and spain , try harder . 
  apparently people think i want to kill them !, 
  this is more humane . 
  i do n't represent romanian immigrants everywhere . 
  just because some people do n't like us does n't mean we should like immigration to our country . 
  if you go far back enough to the us , people hated italian immigration but it would be dumb to use that as a reason against italian nationalism . 
  i 'm glad someone shares this view with me . 
  if i were to live in a country in let 's day , africa , and war were to break out in a part of my country ( and i was actually desperate to find a peaceful place ) , i would be more inclined to move to the nearest safe country which shares similar culture , language , and tradition as me . 
  i would n't travel several thousand miles to europe . 
  these people are economic migrants , not war-torn refugees ( for the most part ), 
  yep , she tried to make everybody happy but in the end nobody was . 
   because they go all hurr durr free speech when people do n't agree with their views , funny enough reddit during pao was super angry with her for banning fatpeoplehate even though they clearly broke the site rules . 
  but when spez changed the content policy for the sole reason of banning offensive subreddits ( who were shitty but followed the rules religiously ) , nobody batted an eye and praised him for it . 
  you do n't need arguments because you do n't have them . 
  great point . 
  i 'm sure with all the substance in your argument you 've convinced him to reanalyze his views . 
  be that as it may , there 's no guarantee that immigrants would work . 
  many of them could just be seeking asylum and waiting for a passage into western europe , where there is more infrastructure and benefits to support them . 
  let 's not forget that immigrants are attracted to places where they 'll find more people of the same background as them , and romania is n't appealing . 
  romania is doing great as it is right now ( improving rapidly ) , i personally doubt we need any immigrants . 
  i trust that you 're referring to the roma ? 
  they only comprise a total of 3.3 % , but working age roma are probably only 1.5 % of the population . 
  they 're not all unemployed , and so i 'll bring that number down to 1.2 % . 
  that 's still a lot of romanian who should be employed . 
  7.3 % of our working age population is unemployed . 
  it is not as if we have a surplus of jobs to give out . 
  pot calling the kettle black . 
  `` you 're prejudiced but romanians are ` literally ' thieves and beggars '' do you understand how words work ? 
  literally means exactly . 
  i say `` literally '' because you 're commenting on an article that proves my point . 
  it 's not how much i `` want to believe '' , it 's words that prove my point . 
  your use of `` literally '' makes absolutely no sense . 
  what exactly do i `` want to believe '' ? 
  do you have anything useful to add to the discussion ? 
  we both know that we 're talking about non-european migrants . 
  immigration is an issue that affects europe greatly . 
  europe has a problem in terms of immigrants . 
  therefore , people will have stronger opinions on it . 
  some of them you wo n't agree with . 
  that does n't mean the sub is being invaded . 
  even rational everyday europeans will tend to be negative towards immigrants . 
  it is n't bullshit , especially when you have documented sources that describe what 's happening . 
  because we should obviously overlook this problem since it hurts people 's feelings , right ? 
  except when you literally have proof that these ethnicities are joining terror groups and plotting against the west . 
  as an american , what business do you even have in this sub ? 
  just because a post does n't go along with your agenda does n't make it untrue . 
   so prove it then you seriously ca n't be in this much denial , can you ? 
  you are basically describing yourself when you tell me what 's wrong with me . 
  for god 's sakes , there is no `` source '' . 
  human traffickers do n't release official numbers on their smuggling charges , how stupid do you have to be to not realize that ? 
  everything is under the table . 
  you honestly ca n't be telling me that human traffickers do n't charge much money , for basically risking their lives to send people on an extremely long boat voyage in which the risk of getting caught and exposed is extremely high . 
  nobody in their right minds would n't charge a small fortune for that . 
   nobody is giving them homes or money . 
  just like any immigrant , they make it on their own . 
  are you trolling , or completely fucking oblivious ? 
  [ only 38 % of blacks in ireland work ] ( http://www.esri.ie/news_events/latest_press_releases/ethnicity-and-nationality/index.xml ) [ immigration from outside europe caused 120 billion pounds in losses ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/11209234/immigration-from-outside-europe-cost-120-billion.html ) [ newly-arrived immigrants refuse their government provided homes in sweden because it 's not good enough for them ] ( http://www.friatider.se/nyanl-nda-invandrare-v-grar-kliva-av-buss )  translation : the migration board in j\u00e4mtland has during the day had a problem with a busload of immigrants who refused to get off the bus because they have not been happy with the asylum accommodation . 
  -- normally i play music and write songs . 
  it is not possible here , one of the refugees complains . 
  j\u00e4mtlands is landlocked and not attract asylum seekers this time of year . 
  the migration board had to call the police today on a bus-load of new immigrants quartered in asylum accommodation outside \u00d6stersund . 
  this after half of them refused to get off the bus . 
  the 30 immigrants who barricaded themselves on the bus said they wanted back south again , to warmer climes and malm\u00f6 where the bus journey began . 
  police said that one could not help the migration board with this , and told that they must solve such problems themselves . 
  as the bus was chartered by the swedish migration board the police lacks the legal right to evict unruly immigrants , police said to fria tider . 
  -- as the bus is chartered by the swedish migration board to transport the asylum seekers it 's therefore not equivalent to a regular bus service which runs a regular service , explained the duty officer bengt stadin to fria tider . 
  -- we have dropped this case a long time ago . 
  so they probably are still sitting there in that bus , he said . 
  stadin also said it is not customary for the migration board to call the police to get immigrants from their chartered buses . 
  -- i 've never encountered this before . 
  the immigrants chose to reluctantly but voluntarily leave the bus after a while , a local newspaper reported . 
  but it was not without protest because the immigrants expect a much higher standard on the swedish asylum reception . 
  -- normally i play music and write songs . 
  it is not possible here , laments one of the immigrants already living in the barracks and claims to be fleeing from war . 
  -- it 's dangerous for me to stay here , says another one of todays arrivals , pointing to the ground where there is snow and ice . 
  a third of them thinks that the asylum reception is so bad in sweden that he yearns to lebanon again . 
  -- it did not have to freeze there , he says , and is threatening to go on hunger strike unless the standard of the accommodation is raised . 
  [ europe increases aid to italy to help with influx of migrants ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/02/20/world/europe/europe-offers-help-to-italy-in-dealing-with-influx-of-migrants.html ) but why ? 
  if the migrants are so self-sufficient like you say , would n't italy need less aid since their workforce is larger ? 
  oh wait , you 're just bullshitting . 
  [ watch immigrants destroy italian property ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tlfar05jyw ) i can go on and on .
