  that 's all i know about it . 
  it is still of interest to ` eurofags ' though . 
  from there to the boarder looks like a pretty similar distance from oxford to london . 
  not that far . 
  then again , worth ethics change from nation to nation . 
  in thailand lots of people might work weekends , in the states that 's abnormal . 
  why ca n't a country just decide these things for itself ? 
  the uk is still a democracy !, 
  no , that 's the purpose of the government . 
  why are you telling me to leave ? 
  this is my country . 
  i want to be in the eu . 
  but like many others in my country i want our laws to voted on by our people . 
  edit : why is rudeness my language ? 
  was i rude to you ? 
  one of the big problems that faces all social science is the limited use of ` experiments ' and how each and every country operates within different conditions . 
  natural scientists do n't transfer well over into this domain , hence social scientists . 
  they observe , model , and speculate . 
  if you have multiple empirical proofs that lowing a minimum wage , or increasing maximum working limits leads to slavery then you 've been doing some ground-breaking research . 
  anyway , this is all very much off topic . 
  the uk has the ability to regulate it 's own labour markets . 
  can you tell me why the eu needs to do it for us ? 
  okay it also relies on a constant supply of oxygen . 
  i get it , you do n't like capitalism ( or something along those lines ) , but if the eu did n't tell us to not work 50 + hours a week then i think our labour markets would still work . 
  somehow . 
  maybe it 's magic !, 
  i also previously pointed out that an economic framework is integral to market function , that is why i said oxygen , it 's just as important , though it does n't mean markets are fundamentally flawed . 
  no , our government . 
  is n't that obvious ? 
  that has never happened in my experience . 
  and i 'm from the uk !, 
  maybe , just maybe , it 's a good idea that the uk controls it 's own employment law . 
  true say . 
  one of the principals upon which the market economy works is a stable infrastructure and rule of law . 
  there would be a contract because people like to know other people will hold their end of the bargain . 
  pretty simple really . 
  well that 's okay then , it is n't in the contract you signed . 
  unless it is , in which case you signed the wrong contract ( presuming you never want to help out your company when they need you , which is odd considering you rely on it for your income ) . 
  you must have a pretty shitty employer . 
  my boss : can you work this weekend ? 
  me : no . 
  boss : okay . 
  if i want to work less and my employer wants me to work more then we come to an agreement . 
  yes , but again . 
  it 's more like being a part owner . 
  market forces . 
  the comparison is really weak , in the slavery example cameron would have a direct benefit ( you could see how one would want people to work for him for free ) , with low wages cameron gains nothing ( you ca n't see how he would want to impoverish his electorate ) . 
  using hyperbole twists the meaning of any point he was trying to make , rather than being useless , it 's actively destructive . 
  i genuinely did n't get what point he was trying to make , maybe my written comprehension skills are lacking . 
  i struggle to understand what he does mean then . 
  not only is it fiscal policy , but more obviously , monetary . 
  http://www.betfair.com/exchange/politics/market?id=1.101416490 i do n't know . 
  it 's not set in stone . 
   but it 's worth bearing in mind that 40 hours is a standard 5 day week . 
  they clearly want someone , somewhere to work long hours . 
  this is the bit i was referring to . 
  in your opinion do you want a regular week to be more like 35 , 40 or 45 ? 
  the tories are n't particularly popular either . 
  that is n't what he said though , he said he want 's the decision to made by the uk not the eu . 
  also , many companies still wont have their workers do over 50 hour weeks . 
  as i was previously talking about , there is often self regulating within markets . 
  the markets which do n't have these conditions are the ones that need to be identified by the government and regulated . 
  are you going to comment on any other part of what i said ? 
  yes and i 've replied to it . 
  can you answer this :  why are you trying to portray him as someone who enjoys slave labour ? 
  why did you start that off with a personal attack against me ? 
  if you knew me that would be fine , but you 're a stranger and i would call that rude . 
  i know why there are regulations on working hours , you do n't need to talk to me like a child . 
  in reality there are many many people who would like to work more than eu laws allow , i am one of them . 
  i am an individual with a brain , i know that if i work 70 hour weeks then my health will suffer . 
  if my company ` forced ' me to work 70 hour weeks then i , along with anyone else who feels that way , would look for work with one of their competitors . 
  now i know things get complicated when the nhs foots the bill for my stress related illness , and it also gets complicated when labour markets in some industries are too saturated with labour . 
  this is exactly why our government needs to make these rules , not the eu . 
  our government has intimate knowledge of our industries ( the environments of which will mostly different between eu member states ) . 
  while i agree we need employment legislation , your above example does not follow . 
  your final statement suggests the only winner is the trucking company . 
  though the initial move is by the labour ( made through free will ) to move to france in order to work more . 
  you then rightly say the wage in france falls . 
  your next step from a wage fall is that other countries follow suit . 
  you disregard the fact that labour still has free movement and free will . 
  with a fall in wage do you not think labour would move else where ? 
  just as they did in the first place , moving to france to make more money ? 
  we would actually see truck drivers in france being the blokes who want to work longer hours and take home a larger income , truck drivers in other countries would be the blokes who want to work shorter hours and take home a smaller income . 
  each individual worker has their own demand schedule for work ( or as it is often shown , demand for free time/leisure , demand for work is therefore 24-demand for leisure ) . 
  yeah , i really do mean it . 
  why are you trying to portray him as someone who enjoys slave labour ? 
  i 'm not even a tory , i just do n't get people who do this . 
  are you saying 40 hours over 5 days is a lot ? 
  i think doctors was taken as an example . 
  why did you say that ? 
  you know full well it is n't . 
  i do n't get this thing in laymans politics ; why do people want to make out politicians who hold a different view point to them as some kind of evil person ? 
  people do it to labour politicians too . 
  do you get a kick out of it ? 
  it was a response to the dude who agrees it 's like picking a choosing at a cafe . 
  i 'm saying it 's probably more like you 're a part owner of the cafe . 
  the amount of contributor states does n't ' make that any less valid , it 's a terrible analogy . 
  you say this as if the uk hinders the eu . 
  we receive something like 6.5 billion euros and give around 11.5 . 
  in net contribution we 're around 2nd or 3rd ( pretty close with france ) and in ratio of spent on : spending we 're 2nd behind you guys .
