  good news for ireland 's economy : they have found oil . 
  unfortunately , it 's baby oil . 
  and they 've used it all on dolan 's backing band, 
  `` good news for ireland , they 've found oil there !, 
  unfortunately it 's baby oil and they 've used it on all the dancers . '', 
  last one !, 
  fair play , this is pretty solid . 
  i think russia should interrupt this song kanye style . 
  ah , my bad . 
  you 're going to have a nasty hang over then . 
  i preferred the ukrainian lady . 
  how is that song such a hit , it was so nothing-y . 
  it 's probably about love . 
  drink . 
  [ that dress is nicely fitting . 
  ] ( http://www.tsbmag.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/creep1-300x231.jpg ), 
  is anyone actually playing the drinking game ? 
  i 'd be on the floor by now . 
  yep, 
  it started well but now it looks like a greek mumford and sons, 
  this is kind of homoerotic . 
  votes are going to roll in for this dude . 
  how much fake tan does this dude need . 
  you 're getting downvoted for pointing out that his whole argument was based off the telegraph being well known for it 's tory readership . 
  but the problem is i 'm being told i ca n't make that decision for myself . 
  i do n't get the option anymore . 
  edit : other problem is i 'm paying for eu ` committee members ' to make up jobs for themselves . 
  you really like a nice pointless argument do n't you . 
  eu = / = europe . 
  i say ` of course they 're different ' you say ` how ? ', 
  then you say ` of course i see the difference ' . 
  i do n't have time for this anymore . 
  people value dollar ? 
  i 've discussed the flag a number of times so i do n't repeat myself here . 
  yes most europeans who use this website are probably eu members , we probably have a lot more than that in common but it does n't change the fact that this sub reddit is about europe . 
  if you want to purely discuss the eu then head over to / r/eu . 
   the fact that you do n't support the eu what fact that i do n't support the eu ? 
  i do support the eu . 
  i just want a subreddit about europe , not the eu . 
  i know a lot of dudes get e-boners over the eu on reddit , but this is n't about being on some political side , it 's just a discussion . 
  sure , i agree . 
  i do have an interest in the eu , of course i do . 
  i just think people are losing sight of the difference between the eu and europe . 
  / u/orwellhuxley appears to not even know the difference , though i assume he 's just being difficult . 
  it 's more a point i was making about the mindset here . 
  people assume that if you want the european flag , you really want the eu flag . 
  people assume that if you 're on a european subreddit , you are on an eu subreddit . 
  you really do n't see any difference between the eu and europe ? 
  they teach this in primary schools . 
  at the very basic level we have a country like norway who is part of europe , but not part of the eu . 
  this is because europe is a continent . 
  you do n't chose to be in europe , you just are . 
  the eu is an organisation . 
  it 's a glorified club . 
   only european states can enter the eu . 
  that is not the same for usa . 
  i do n't see the point you 're making . 
  greenland was a member of the eu until it decided to leave . 
  turkey is also in the application process and it is n't a part of europe . 
  with the usa the general rule is the states are part of america , but hawaii is an odd example , just like turkey . 
   that is what you meant by `` rammed down our throats '' ? 
  of course that is n't what i mean by rammed down ones throat . 
  it 's just a fitting little example which was relevant to both points we were discussing . 
  i do n't have a problem with there being eu news . 
  it 's very relevant to me being a member of the eu , and relevant to all others which is probably why we see so many us commentors . 
  it 's just the whole feel of the subreddit being focused around the eu instead of europe . 
  there is an / r/eu subreddit for those who want it . 
  the subreddit is so eu that while there is the option to have the usa flag , there is n't even the option to have your flair as the flag of europe . 
  as you will see with your own flair , if you chose that flag it is the eu flag . 
  i 'm just assuming the same goes with the alien . 
    they 're different . 
  of course they 're different . 
  that 's like saying the usa = america . 
  it 's commonly said , but it 's not true . 
  just like the usa , the eu is a collection of member states . 
  however not all states on the continent ( europe / america ) are included . 
  on whether it 's rammed down our throats : hover over your own flag and see what it says . 
  you rightly point out that the flag is the flag of europe . 
  but every time it 's used here it is used to mean eu . 
   at the moment we 're literally paying them for nothing what do you mean ? 
   i 'd rather the eu just owned them directly though because we all know how well state owned farms work . 
  she ai n't the queen . 
  the uk 's bbc ? 
  beautifully done . 
  haha , i just live with a norwegen girl and she also does it . 
  it 's kind of comical . 
  ` v ' sound involves teeth interacting with lips . 
  ` w ' sound does not . 
  v is like a harsh f , vizz and fizz sound similar , but the later lingers more on the f than the former would on the v. 
  how can you live here and feel ` european ' ? 
  or at least * more * european than british . 
  i do n't understand that . 
  i get it if you want to consider yourself a european , but unless you live in dover then surely you do n't encounter the european side of yourself , the people around you , and your culture as much as your british side . 
  maybe i 'm too grumpy but i 'm going to hazard a guess that you will never notice the difference of this occurring . 
  any money saved will not be enjoyed by the consumer . 
  surely same with napoleon then ? 
  how can he 1820 data be considered reliable ? 
  how can you be downvoted for posting a new article ? 
  yes it 's just a provocative post , not an constructive one . 
  as the uk was emerging as the financial centre of the world , argentina was one of our big clients .
