  it 's like the eu does n't want our money . 
  whatever the vote there probably wo n't be another referendum on it for 50 + years . 
  note : this requires his party to win the next general election . 
    membership of the european union requires the working hours of british hospital doctors to be set in brussels irrespective of the views of british parliamentarians and practitioners . 
   cameron would like to lift safe hours from the eu for our doctors - a profession that works hard enough already . 
  he 's not saying he wants doctors to work 15 hour days . 
  he 's saying he wants that decision to be made inside the uk , not by the rest of europe . 
  it 's very easy to try and make someone look evil , but why would you want to do that ? 
  cameron is being pushed by his party , and a large number of the electorate , to hold an eu referendum . 
  he want 's to remain in the eu and is saying : `` let us see if we can get a better deal , and ** then ** decide . '', 
  it 's perfectly reasonable to be honest . 
  sure it 's tricky for the rest of the eu to take these future negotiations seriously if they think the uk will just leave anyway . 
  in that sense it might feel like a kind of threat : `` be liberal with the negotiations and we 'll stay '' . 
  except it is n't because britain is a net contributor to the eu . 
  [ telegraph source in case others ca n't access bbc ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newsvideo/uk-politics-video/9820375/david-camerons-europe-speech-in-full.html ) . 
  bigger nations is n't better . 
  i want free trade . 
  with everyone . 
  i want a balance of power to exist in global politics , i do n't want one hegemonic eu country . 
  i do n't want us all to vote on one ` president ' . 
  some countries prefer much more liberal governance , others prefer more conservative governance . 
   this is the first european empire/nation/grouping to ever have expanded its borders by consensus within and without the union . 
  no it is n't . 
  if you can give me a poll saying 75 % + want the eu to be a country then i 'll start taking that idea seriously . 
  that would be getting close to a consensus . 
  i think the uk can remain relevant . 
  if india has a higher gdp that does n't make it more powerful . 
  their education system fails more students than the uk , they have serious infrastructure issues to resolve , their gdp per capita is minuscule , etc. 
  if india 's population doubles and it 's gdp only increase 1.5 fold then they are poorer . 
  they have not had real growth . 
  isreal 's economy is almost exactly 1/10th of ours and they are still relevant . 
  i 'm also a supporter of the idea of stopping growth at some point for many nations . 
  if you look at the earth in terms of capital then we have human capital , natural capital and machine capital . 
  we can consume human and machine capital and still replace it , but much natural capital is irreplaceable . 
  the earth has what environmental economists call a ` carrying capacity ' , we exceed that . 
  the goal of the uk is n't to influence the world , it 's to ensure its citizens are able to live their lives how they like . 
  this only requires everyone to have access to education , healthcare , jobs , land and food . 
  once our population has stopped growing ( which is has by births , indeed births are falling ) our source of growth purely lies in productivity gains . 
  if these productivity gains offset falling birthrate then we have a steady state economy . 
  what i would class as the ultimate goal of economics . 
  edit : back on democracy . 
  i like the aspect of democracy which allows a significant public opinion change to replace governments , this means governments try to act in the interests of the people . 
  i can also write to my mp or discuss alternative ideas with you , i think the culture of democracy is what is important . 
  i do think i have more power in the uk than in europe . 
  my mp represents a smaller number than my emp . 
  so if i wrote to both i would have a higher chance of my mp bringing my idea to parliament then my emp . 
  with my vote i agree with you , it does n't have any more power in the uk than is does in the eu . 
  have you seen the lions play rugby ? 
  you think a half french half british armed forces would work any better ? 
  they speak different languages , let a lone the inevitable problem will occur if a serb is commanded by a kosovan or a englishman by a frenchman ? 
  most would get a long with it , some would n't . 
  in regards to ` we need to stick together ' , italy has a larger economy than india . 
  germany has a larger economy than the whole of mercosur put together . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're talking about . 
  i keep saying this , i 'm for the eu . 
  however we do n't need it for defence , we have a powerful enough armed forces , plus nato . 
  we do n't need it to negotiate our trade agreements , we have excellent agreements with many commonwealth states ( imo the cap only hinders our ability to operate as a global trading nation ) and any nation who does n't want to trade with the uk will only be shooting themselves in the foot . 
  our [ human rights record ] ( http://www4.carleton.ca/cifp/app/gdp_ranking.php ) is n't bad either . 
  time for the cap again . 
  i understand what a subsidy is . 
  say the german produces beef at 5 times the expense of an argentinian , the eu gives the german money so now instead of selling it at $ 5 he can sell it at the more competitive $ 1.50 and still survive . 
  there are multiple ways of saying it , bribe to lower price , subsidy , funded discount , whatever . 
  so as i said , we give the eu money , we get discounted food . 
  i pointed out the number of agricultural workers has fallen but the cap budget has n't really . 
  in 10 years ( 97-07 ) the agriculture , forestry , fishing & hunting sector shrank by 27.5 % . 
  that 's significant . 
  the cap is n't a transitional allowance , it 's a way of making the eu worthwhile for western europe . 
  eastern europe is one of the markets that causes us to ` need ' the cap !, 
  now onto voting etc. 
  you say people vote as individuals , but that 's not true . 
  just a short while before you were talking about how the french are looking after france 's interests . 
  people vote for their country 's benefit . 
  i do n't vote for an emp to represent my corner of england , he goes to represent the uk . 
  i tried to forget the idea of nation states within the eu but i could n't do it for very long . 
  i get the feeling you want the eu to be a country where i 'm not british , i 'm european . 
  that wo n't happen . 
  there 's a noticeable gap between londoners and mancuians , the difference is even bigger between athenians and glaswegians . 
  the eu is a collection of member states . 
  many people in the past have tried to merge europe , it keeps splitting back up again . 
  it seems to be the natural way of things , the ` equilibrium ' if you will . 
  a maltan having 176 times the voting power of a german is undemocratic , i agree . 
  it does n't make it ridiculous . 
  smell the cheese , when has your vote ever made a difference anyway ? 
  our perceived democratic world is n't very fair . 
  it 's better than a dictatorship , but it 's still very flawed . 
  this is what i meant when i talked about the states . 
  if you voted in cali or texas your vote was insignificant , if you voted in florida or ohio then your vote had a massively higher chance of inflicting change . 
  take new hampshire and california . 
  nh was 40 thousand votes from swinging , ca was 2.3 million . 
  i 'm no nate silver but an nh voter might have had a ~ 60 times higher chance of affecting the outcome than a ca voter . 
  i do n't want the eu to attempt ( and fail ) to represent me , it will never be what i 'd like , realistically i have too little influence . 
  i want the eu to work for the uk and its other member states , i 'm perfectly happy if that means some dude in malta statistically has a higher chance of influencing the world than i do , at the end of the day none of it is down to either of us . 
  edit : i personally feel you 're being very idealistic , where i 'm trying to be more realistic . 
  i meant the european parliament , not french/czech/etc . 
  nationals ( but british residents ) voting in the general election . 
  the eu does n't have to become a country . 
  what 's the benefit ? 
  your vote is now worth even less than it used to be . 
  there are so many different ideas and cultures that i do n't think it would work ( assuming i even wanted it to ) . 
  i think you 're right in that stuff wont work unless you control both monetary and fiscal policy , but that 's an necessary road to go down , how about we just do n't join the euro ?
