the civil war was 2011 . 
  this photo says 2010 . 
  that 's not where manchester is . 
  investment is n't just the government putting in money . 
  policy is an investment ( london has a financial market industry , the uk has tried to boost it 's banking sector ) , just look at the city of london . 
  private investment is also encouraged by government . 
  that 's kind of what he 's saying . 
  too much of the uk economy has been based off london , other parts of the uk needs to expand their comparative advantage too and they need the investment to do that but it 's all being redirected to london . 
  of course the debt matters . 
  if it looks like a country is becoming more reliant upon borrowing then the cost of borrowing will likely go up hence making it a less viable option . 
  in this context raising taxes is austerity . 
  if you 're talking about growth then your top line seems to make sense but growth 's purpose is to make the lives of the current and future citizens better . 
  if we accept that that is our goal then your opening statement might not seem so true . 
  the ecb set interest rates at 0.25 % . 
  i agree that the monetary union is really hampering economic growth on all ends of the eurozone spectrum though . 
  i see my confusion . 
  semi = half so semester = half the time period ( or often 6 months ) . 
  i 'd therefore taken tri to mean a third to carry on the pattern , but as you say it clearly means three . 
  i guess a tertester would be 1/3 of a year . 
  but semester does n't mean two months . 
  it 's 1/2 of the time period . 
  france does n't really have a floating currency . 
  sure the euro floats , but france 's main trade partners are eu countries to which it has 1:1 exchange rates . 
  no one believes stimulus and austerity are mutually exclusive . 
  the article points out the ecb cut interest rates to 0.25 % . 
  fiscal stimulus does need to taken from other budgets though if it does n't wants to run along side and austerity policy though . 
  the uk is doing quite well now . 
  i think when call it ` austerity ' it 's quite unfair considering what 's happening in other countries , but it was a policy to cut spending rather than increase it . 
  that 's my point exactly . 
  when you go into the crisis with such high debt then it 's hard to get out by spending again without severely damaging your future . 
  ah my bad . 
  i 'd always taken it to mean 1/3 of the year . 
  i think people would love to not have austerity . 
  to keynes their way out of this , but when borrowing is such an unattractive option then it makes things so much more difficult . 
  it 's traditionally two consecutive quarters of negative growth that make a recession . 
  [ the smiths - this charming man ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgnjrtkv1gs ), 
  well technically the scheme started out for low income people and now it 's in place for everyone . 
  while i think that this was actually a good idea it does mean that it has changed over time . 
  comment dit on ' i do n't speak french ' en francais ? 
  valuable phrases . 
  and i 'm spent . 
  i think he also got arrested recently for terror plotting or some shit . 
  yeah i often forget about them . 
  in my heart they 're still part of the uk . 
  it 's good , but it 's spelt bloc not block . 
  \\ #beautifullady, 
  `` drink when a butterfly is on the screen '', 
  we love bonnie too !, 
  no shit, 
  yes !!, 
  12 points to latvia ? 
  we 're tight with malta . 
  malta better give us something . 
  that 's how we feel . 
  that dude has me in stitches . 
  edit : #stitches . 
  fuck off with your hashtags . 
  this guy is such a bellend, 
  i called it !, 
  here estonia shoot past . 
  it 's on france , we 're coming to get you . 
  fingers crossed for the nip slip, 
  i think her face is stuck in a permanent smile . 
  it 's now a matter of beating ireland . 
  `` you should leave '', 
  who 'd have guessed, 
  this is painful, 
  wooo, 
  eat it estonia !, 
  we had bonnie tyler singing , but sweden is the country that voted for us . 
  i really thought he was going to say `` the uk ! '', 
  sweden . 
  sometimes you just know . 
  john kennedy !, 
  thanks . 
  any idea how ? 
  haha , cheers . 
  how did celine dion perform in eurovision ? 
  she 's canadian no ? 
  ` we gave you waterloo ' we 'll take the credit for that . 
  a chick in lingerie getting milk poured on her . 
  welcome to sweden . 
  yeah she 's misinformed . 
  she has n't seen the pros do it . 
  what sketch ? 
  that costume change was n't worth it . 
  the uk was winning too much due to their monopoly over english so they changed it so anyone can sing in english !, 
  edit : note quite a monopoly actually , malta and maybe another have it as an official language . 
  stand strong my brothers . 
  i thought he 'd be shit because i normally do n't like him , but i 've enjoyed this . 
  or tear it up with justice . 
  well ... alcohol is free . 
  you 're going to get shouted at for political voting . 
  you can vote 20 times ?!, 
  who cares that much ? 
  looked like nz 's entry . 
  azerbaijan won that already . 
  good news for ireland 's economy : they have found oil . 
  unfortunately , it 's baby oil . 
  and they 've used it all on dolan 's backing band,
