  solidarity = / / = do as others want you to do . 
  i wrote we should help , but not with blindly accepting anything . 
  we should help with army assistance ( when asked for ) . 
   i completely agree that military assistance should be priority one that 's why i think lengthy talks about whether to take 7k or not is point less . 
  this time should be spent talking about real solution for real problem . 
  at least we agree on something . 
  but !, 
  we do n't need more talks , we need more action . 
  politicians were talking for three , four years . 
  their talking led us to this crisis . 
  we live in times when communication is not a problem . 
  conference call among eu , bla bla bla for 3 minutes , agree on sending troops to borders . 
  done , one problem is out of the way . 
  rinse and repeat for few other problems . 
  30 minutes onward influx of illegal immigrants and `` refugees '' to europe is secured . 
  goodwill towards own citizens well being is the key . 
  what now - immigrants already in europe ( from recent wave ) . 
  round them up , ignore their demands , put them in camps under military guard . 
  they do n't like it - good bye . 
  anyone else ? 
  good . 
  process their asylum applications from there . 
  do n't have documents - off to the end of the line , or in obvious case deportation at once . 
  in the meantime obligatory language lessons for men and women together . 
  you do n't want to learn - good bye . 
  you make a riots - good bye . 
  you commit crime , even smallest one - good bye . 
  make them earn their stay here , it 's not their right nor our duty . 
  they do n't care about law , law should not care about them . 
  those laws are made for civilized people , from our ring of culture and for those that live in similar law abiding societies . 
  we both know those laws do n't work in this situation . 
  yet - i do not encourage to use their law . 
  hell no . 
   this is just silly . 
  no it is n't . 
  silly is your example , it has exactly nothing in common with what i presented . 
  there is no need for examples at all . 
  i described and explained my point of view almost like eli5 , and yet you seem like you did n't bother to read it . 
  but trying to fit - guy proposes intercourse to 4 girls , girls says no ( because she had talk with her 3 friends , and they said none of us will have intercourse with him ) , guy demands intercourse , one girl agrees , girl asks for permission to speak in the matter of proposed intercourse . 
  receives that permission , she asks for safe sex , guy graciously allows her to get out her own condom . 
  more or less this is what happened . 
  my logic would be she is incompetent because she broke the agreement with her 3 friends . 
  because her incompetence in dealing with boys in the past led her to become easy , to be unable to say no and hold to it ( without changing terms ) . 
  her incompetence gave her nothing at all , because she gained nothing , her friends were angry with her , and because she was used by boy . 
  in case you will continue this discussion - please refrain yourself from examples , unless we are having play time , then we can as well talk about melting snowmen . 
   so this is just speculation . 
  indeed it is . 
   that 's how negotiations works . 
  yes . 
  and no if you are part of bigger group with same stance ( v4 ) . 
   and like you said yourself , just few hundred people were really relocated . 
  it 's a mess that politicians do not control . 
  i would not trust they have any grand strategy . 
  just ad hoc measures . 
  so it is important to not make a precedence to allow for even more foolish decisions . 
   italy and greece would not see much help . 
  let 's just say i am not crushed when i see drowned child . 
  italy and greece needs military assistance ( and eventually it will come to this imo , when this will come , and they will ask for assistance , we should not hesitate ) in keeping borders tight . 
  accepting masses of `` refuges '' will implode europe as we know it . 
  if you want to accept total strangers you are free to do so , just leave europe and do it elsewhere . 
   is that incompetence that they insisted on enforcing the rules ? 
  it 's their incompetence that they had to insist on this . 
  it 's up to no discussion whether i will check who `` guests '' i am willing ( and not forced ) to invite are . 
  i will check them if i want and no one will tell me what to do . 
  period . 
  their incompetence led to the point when you defend kopacz because she had to negotiate hard to be able to do obvious things . 
  exaggerating - in time you would say kopacz negotiated hard to be able to breath . 
  this is incompetence i am talking about . 
  this is master - slave relation ( exaggeration ) their incompetence led us to . 
  should we help - yes , of course , but on our conditions . 
  accepting `` refuges '' is by no means helping - it is creating even more problems . 
  contribution - what about 2 000 000 + ( more like 2m ) workers , with many having higher education from poland alone , ready ( already working ) to work for greater good of host 's country economy ? 
  how 's that for contribution ? 
  that 's a drainage for poland , but i am not blaming any other government but polish . 
  i do n't blame those that left to seek better life either . 
  do n't forget 2020 is the year when we will stop receiving money and will have to increase deficit even more to be able to contribute . 
  i think i saw some reports saying poland is already contributing more money then it receives , but let 's stick to 2020 for now . 
   burden ~ ~ s ~ ~ the eu faces this was created by one country 's government alone . 
  anyway majority or not - if majority will say let 's jump from cliff , should those being minority agree with that stupid idea ? 
  no , and imho this is the case . 
  it has nothing to do with solidarity and sharing a burden . 
  so you were n't sarcastic . 
  i 'm basing my assumption on previous policy line of po . 
  that allows me to forecast , and i 'm pretty sure of it . 
  then again i think that it may be just a matter of time for some note , a proof , to appear like it was for example with notes saying about idea of selling national forests . 
   there was no deal about future refugees we do n't know that . 
  seeing how kopacz changed her mind in last moment gives much to think about it . 
  too much , considering how meek she and tusk were towards eu politicians . 
  furthermore i do think plan was already there , because i refuse to believe european politicians did n't know how this `` immigrant crisis '' will go . 
  it was obvious from the moment germany `` opened the door '' that it wo n't end on 1 mil . 
   negotiated hard conditions like ability to check country of origin and some background check are you sure you were n't sarcastic ? 
  what you wrote here is nothing that could be forbidden to us even if we would have to accept mandatory amount of `` refuges '' . 
  those security checks would have to be there in the first place because , as we like it or not , those people come from shithole isis operates in , and some of those `` refuges '' are bound to be isis supporters . 
  so if you say that kopacz negotiated hard for poland to be able to check `` refuges '' background , then you are just putting more fuel to fire of po 's incompetency . 
  to be clear - i did not vote for pis . 
  i just find their stance in this case correct . 
  oh come on ... do n't generalize like that . 
  / sadpanda, 
  you are being sarcastic , right ? 
  and we are doing this right now - polish border patrols are helping hungarians already .
