  k , i see it now , my bad . 
  so having a job excludes me from receiving basic income and make bi literally welfare as only ones receiving it will be ones that ca n't work or wo n't work . 
  am i missing something ? 
   giving bi to every immigrant that is a level of abstraction only chosen can get to . 
  strict immigration law , no bi for fresh immigrants , only for citizens or working pr . 
  finland is strange country - no offence , you guys are socialists that prosper !, 
  i think magic is involved ... 
  anyway if i would be earning around the same amount of money ( after finishing some difficult studies , few courses and so on ) as f.e. 
  shovel operator i think i would be entitled to feel cheated , do n't you think ? 
  how do you finns feel about this ? 
  you could 've misunderstood me , it 's ok . 
  i 'm not saying 500k are is doing , i 'm saying few hiding among would be like needles in a hay stack . 
  asylum requests are done at the site , not before entering eu . 
  you can ignore all you want , especially when it 's only in your head . 
  ever heard of lone wolves ? 
  then think about a parasite that is more or less invited by a country , and stays in that country till the moment is right . 
  does boston bombing or london fatal beheading attempt ring the bell ? 
  charlie hebdo or recent train attack foiled by off duty military , anything ? 
  those were not is you will say . 
  yes , there is no difference between those and is . 
  i would be pretty stupid to think moving further 2 000 km from safe place is search of safety . 
  does it make any less wrong ? 
  one country have no right to force it 's stupid politicy on rest . 
   we possibility - soon there wo n't be any `` we '' . 
  cutting funds to `` our '' because `` aliens '' are more important . 
  when was german government lobotmised ? 
  way to go merkel , way to go ... 
  less than 6 months ago is said that they will send 500 000 immigrants towards europe , and among them camouflaged is `` fighters '' ... how many immigrants with no background check came to central europe during last 30 days ? 
  plenty of place among them for fundamentalists , without saying about is followers . 
  those that left europe for is in their caliphate are returning ( i 'd wish it would be like you described it , self solving problem would be the best ) , and instead of welcoming them with jail ( at least ) western countries try to straighten them with psychology . 
  as obvious it is that ** there are decent people among this wave of immigrants ** , many are simply wild and barbaric , just look at the videos . 
  i did n't say that . 
  refuge is refuge , and immigrant is immigrant , thou i see a difference between doctor and fundamental murderer . 
  less of them will go through sea , less will drown , less will come to lesbos , it will be easier to manage them there . 
  others will try to move by land , but by then hungary and croatia will be enforced by far . 
  and if you think taking those refuges/immigrants is best option imo you are simply naive . 
  we comment a situation from video op posted . 
  that video shows french muslims , which are living in europe , and i assume that they are citizens of france already , during conference at which , at some point , topic of `` when to beat your wife '' arise . 
  being french = being european , but values shared at this conference make me doubt about those pigs being europeans . 
  and i do not write about femen activists . 
  there are many men-like looking individuals on that conference - attending conference at which one of topics : `` when to beat your wife '' is being discussed makes me doubt if those other than women individuals present there can be called men . 
  my comment was based on 1 ) video and 2 ) crackanape 's assumption that those scum would get a lesson out of it . 
  i think you can read that who i am referring to from my initial quotation , to be exact from `` to them '' to make it clear - i am calling a scum , a pig , and some other very undiplomatic words every men beating a women ( unless women attacked first , without any valid reason ) or one that attends conferences such as one we discuss about . 
  fact those scum are muslims have nothing to do with me calling them scum or pig . 
  i do n't think i can nor want to be any more clear about my initial post in this thread . 
  same as there are retards there are sane ones among them . 
   but not every refugee can afford this new ticket is n't that what we want ? yea , i fear that in the end only ground military action has chance to put an end to this . 
  i 'm not sure if responsible will want to participate as they blew it once already . 
   if burglars fall to their death from your fence , it does n't mean you should remove the fence . 
  you should remove the attraction to rob your cash-loaded house . 
  uhm , mate you do know this is plain stupid , right ? 
  if burglars die then protection works , and burglars will not try to steal from you . 
  passengers fee will increase . 
  `` maybe we should use force if east does n't want to take refuges '' - m.schulz and now this . 
  i think those two should seriously rethink their place in politics ... and people wonder why there is such resistance towards this mess . 
   the people attending this conference | ... | to them , the lesson of the day was | ... | you were saying ? 
  and will do it again . 
  correct . 
  there is no eta on us joining euro-zone though . 
  for now this will happen never . 
   to them , the lesson of the day was that women allowed free rein will start doing shit like this , running around topless like whores and causing trouble . 
  i hardly could call those men europeans . 
  i could hardly call them men . 
  aye , sounds ridiculous indeed . 
  good thing size is regulated and there is end to that madness , 
  you no like apples and blue colour ? 
  you racist !, 
  that 's why . 
   warhammer philosophy `` to serve emperor of men ! '', 
  and `` purge the aliens ! '', 
  that should be interesting discussion . 
  and i thought i have bad attitude , 
  i was about to write about 1938 ( that was bad ) and 1968 ( soviet order , thou it was more like parody anyway ) , but you mentioned them already . 
  yeah , we v4 should stick together . 
  visegr\u00e1d four - poland , czech , slovakia and hungary . 
  you know - we bad guys and girls stick together . 
  :  you should really try to preserve some more trees . 
  that thing is huge . 
  in the end he won . 
  yup , you may use salad fork to eat meal to be called that . 
   system that forces the richer members to finance programs in the poorer states meets the very definition of a solidarity system . 
  this is charity . 
  forced charity . 
  [ solidarity ] ( http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/solidarity ) - union or fellowship arising from common responsibilities and interests . 
  that wave of `` refuges '' is not common responsibility nor interest . 
  it would be if those people would be stopped at eu borders or even border countries to block them entrance to roam eu freely and thus becoming everybody 's problem . 
  there would be almost no problem with arising money to deal with that situation . 
  inviting those people all the way to germany ( why are trains used to transport those people to germany ? 
  why do some `` refuges '' disagree on staying in austria ? 
  germany is allowing those `` refuges '' to bypass immigration control ) was germany 's decision , not eu council 's . 
  when those people were swarming italy , greece and hungary it was eu 's problem . 
  agreeing on demands of those `` refuges '' was worst thing one could do . 
  now - difference between us is i am cold and calculating person and seeing dead three years old whose body was moved by photographer hyena to get better shot , three years old whose father supposedly was a steersman of the boat that capsized , three years old whose family was safe in turkey , seeing that does n't make me put my logic and interest of my country and our european community on the side in favour of those people no matter what did they get through . 
  as i said we should be helping refuges on our terms , by the actual laws , not in chaos and not by forcing others to help . 
  milk has been spilt , but that does n't mean anyone have right to force others to do something . 
  germany is friendly and noble ? 
  fine , others do n't have to ( no matter the truth ) , it is their right to be that way . 
  quota system is eu council decision , agreed . 
  thing is germany and france rule the eu , and such outcome is n't surprising . 
  muslim and/or african communities that live in italy , uk , france , germany , sweden or denmark ( those are biggest ones afaik ) that are problem generating ( not as whole but in general , i know you will understand what i mean ) are not eu 's problem .
