  are n't they ? 
  politicians have no such thing as shame . 
  i 'd like to see source of your statement considering present situation because at this point i 'd very much would disagree with you . 
  to make it easier - having `` 1 000\u00a0000\u00a0000 '' $ and being able to get `` 1 000\u00a0000\u00a0000 '' $ under some conditions , are two very different things . 
  of course - money talk would be their test . 
  do n't be naive it would look differently . 
  besides being less wealthy british retire in spain than being retire in windy , chilly and damp uk ( exaggeration ) is cost they would for sure accept . 
  spanish climate alone is a cure for many ill states . 
  it always was imho . 
  i am talking about that version of it where immigrant , before receiving any kind of welfare , supports himself ( for rather short time ) , finds a job and does n't become a burden for host country . 
  fact he/she will find a job means there was no potential workers around , no one else wanted it or he/she was much better than others . 
  i despise ( although i understand why they do it ) employers who hire immigrants for lower than normal wages most of the time without contract . 
  i see no problem with immigrants as long as they are able to integrate into society that was being created for centuries before they came . 
  you know `` my way or highway . '', 
  sad but true - if immigrant ca n't find a job he/she chose wrong place to live . 
  imo should leave and find a place that will have a job for him/her . 
  immigrants should not be a burden to host country . 
  is n't japan a country with islam banned by law ? 
  slowly this requirement is being backed down . 
  that 's quite original definition of integration ... 
  leaders of how not to do it they mean . 
  france - 3 `` successful '' terrorist attacks in one year of which two were in capital !!!, 
  yup , role model . 
  [ edit ] : o -  a, 
  one dark bread sandwich at around 8am , one at around 11 , proper meal ( warm one ) at 17-18 . 
  that 's it for me during workdays . 
  that will come eventually to every western civilization country . 
  '' ... to force ... '' - this . 
  we , poles , are very much instant anti anything that someone tries to force on us no matter if that would be good or bad . 
  it 's a thing we developed throughout our history . 
  wow , i guess you blame jews for hitler , because jewish doctor was n't able to cure hitler 's mother . 
  those poor murderers , it 's not them it 's others . 
  if those belgians same as you from immigrant parents ca n't find job then do n't you think it is belgians that does n't want to give job to those immigrant kids that were born in belgium and are , according to you , belgians by default just because they were born in belgium ? 
  it is not poles , french , british , portuguese or other non-belgians that for some reason see those with wrong name unfit for hire but those are belgians themselves . 
  your countrymen . 
  from what you write it looks like whole belgium does n't want to hire them because they tried to look for job further than 10 km away from home , right ? 
  they tried to look more than once and longer than for one day , right ? 
  anyway that would mean that whole belgium , excluding minority like you , are racists and xenophobes . 
  you see native to the bone europeans have to look for job this way and no one pity them . 
  because this is how it looks these days . 
  maybe you should start a business on your own and hire all those people that ca n't find job because they have wrong name . 
  maybe then you would see why no one wants to hire them . 
  i only heard stories from france , uk , denmark , holland and germany about how it is to work with those `` kids '' . 
  i had a short talk with employer , but he was a racist and xenophobe for sure / s and i wo n't write his answers . 
  so in the end maybe your idealistic world does n't exist , maybe you should ask employers what is the problem and do some field research . 
  believe me that can be eye opener . 
  maybe after all being belgian is n't only about being born in belgium . 
  and btw - you ca n't send back someone that was born in country of which he/she has citizenship . 
  i never said about such case . 
  mhm , tell that to close ones of those that died in paris attacks . 
  ah right , that is their fault . 
  well guess we got to end of the line . 
  have a nice rest of your naive life . 
  maybe someday you will take off pink glasses . 
  well if cannibalism is allowed in jungle that does n't mean tourists from jungle are free to do it in f.e. 
  europe . 
  mhm until they will get 10k fine next day , and another , and another and ... 
  bold move if you ask me , but i am more after than against it . 
  i 'm pretty curious how this will go . 
  i would n't mind xyz national shop on the corner as long as its sole purpose would be place to shop xyz and other wares . 
  oh and of course that would have to be `` eatable and poison free '' . 
  most poles would say sth similar . 
  as for your , sorry for that , bullshit about pointing out and assimilation - nowhere i said about it . 
  on the other side integration is a-must . 
  those two are very different from each other . 
  you do n't need to be like us , you need to act like us . 
  act as abide laws and respect your host country . 
  polish shops do that , same as pakistani - they sell to everyone and they give back in taxes . 
  if a shop would be selling figures of let 's say sissy churchill or naked queen elizabeth that would be disrespecting . 
  as i said it somewhere else - if you ca n't live with host 's laws , culture , traditions and all other racist and xenophobic things ( pun intended ) pick other place to live . 
  it is you , the guest , who have to adapt . 
  natives may help you , they are not obliged to . 
  you tell me , you started with xenophobic native . 
  i would n't call someone that have justified fears of xenos from specific culture xenophobes . 
  i know about that , but i see no correlation . 
  immigrants were needed in mining industry , and got job there . 
  ok , and ? 
  i 'm all for helping those who seek help . 
  not all seek help thou . 
  yes i did write that . 
  still you did not answer my question . 
  please do elaborate a bit more because imo polish grocery does n't affront british culture a bit . 
  dude , no one is forcing anyone to go there . 
  i would not go to saudi arabia because i do n't like their laws and `` half of society '' do n't want me there . 
  would you go where natives do n't want you ? 
  yes i do understand chronic unemployment is fugly thing . 
  but . 
  let me write it this way - it is me who will choose who i want to work with in my own business . 
  personally i could n't care less whether my employe is white , black , red , yellow , brown or sprinkled with dots , green skin and big eyes as long as he would know the job he was hired for and would not be stupid and/or lazy and would not be bringing his thought to be offensive ideas ( f.e. 
  i would not hire muslim from `` branch '' that believes in sharia ) . 
  but it will be me who will decide who i will hire . 
  if changing name is cost of getting a job let it be , i would change mine if that would allow me to earn money for living . 
  if your name only is blocking you from getting any job you are clearly living in wrong part of the world and it seems everyone around is racist discriminator , right ? 
  yes i do understand chronic unemployment is fugly thing . 
  but . 
  let me write it this way - it is me who will choose who i want to work with in my own business . 
  personally i could n't care less whether my employe is white , black , red , yellow , brown or sprinkled with dots , green skin and big eyes as long as he would know the job he was hired for and would not be stupid and/or lazy and would not be bringing his thought to be offensive ideas ( f.e. 
  i would not hire muslim from `` branch '' that believes in sharia ) . 
  but it will be me who will decide who i will hire . 
  if changing name is cost of getting a job let it be , i would change mine if that would allow me to earn money for living .
