  i have no idea about what kind of s&r benefits mkv was writing , seems like alien tech tbh or spy satellites being used . 
  back to galileo - it will allow europeans to be independent from gps in case us would freak out or gps would case to exist . 
  btw - galileo is controlled by europeans from europe and in case murica would start another war and would want to turn off gps ( as gps is made in usa ) for some time or strongly reduce its precision there would be galileo . 
  eu does n't like monopolies . 
  as for precision - with simple playstore programs you can already have precision as big as 0,5-0 ,4 m of course with help of mobile internet . 
  land surveying equipment already gets down to ~ 1cm in real time measurements and down to 1-2mm in static . 
  it uses signals from both gps and glonass ( russian satellites ) . 
  you already can calculate your coords in cities , mountains etc. 
  thing is about vertical surfaces reflecting and distorting signal which has huge impact on precision - huge for civil engineers as 50 + cm is huge difference and it can go up to tens of meters , as this is precision of triangular location based on mobile towers only ( without satellite signal being received ) . 
  but then to the rescue comes widely present in cities wi-fi which brings precision down to few meters . 
  benefits for regular person are `` potential '' , imho none . 
  on the other hand commercial and government sector will benefit from this f.e. 
  mentioned increase of precision and availability of signal . 
  and there will be chinese compass . 
  and wi-fi like system for localization in cities and inside buildings , but this one is still concept afaik . 
  `` soon '' ^ tm . 
  yeah , yeah , i know you are evil racist and easternophobe like me excluding latter one ( / jk ) , but this answers my picky question completely . 
   some extremist sites and forums full of morons i think that is not far from present politically correct reality . 
  wow , just wow . 
   denmark becomes an equivalent of an eastern european country . 
  in general i do agree with your rhetoric but care to explain what did you mean by that ? 
  i could n't resist . 
  [ sigr\u00ed\u00f0 storr\u00e5da ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sigrid_the_haughty ) . 
  we are not that strangers to north my friend . 
  shock of how much they were tricked . 
  poland is not rich country of old eu . 
  as a refuge once placed in one country you stay in that country . 
  they are not citizens of eu , so legally they ca n't move that freely.apparently they do not know law or they calculated the risk . 
   is there anyone or anything forcing them to stay ? 
  decency ? 
  they got food , shelter and job offer . 
  believe me that 's a lot . 
  yet they chose to leave . 
  i do n't blame them . 
  they would never get to a point `` refuges '' west or north from poland are or soon will be living only from welfare . 
  we are definitely central europe . 
  eastern only iron curtain wise , same as eastern germany once was . 
  while working - you 'd do fine . 
  if british politics would be saying some stupidities towards poland you would probably hear some unpleasant things from those less intelligent , but you would not be hurt . 
  without work and money i think you would have small chances to stay sane . 
   i was more hated probably because i was german bad luck meeting people . 
  we may not love germans in general , but we do not feel ill towards them . 
  you can be as big pricks as we can  and you know - history , we ca n't run away from that . 
  anyway this may change in a matter of days thanks to eu summit and juncker ( who has that german sounding surname , but who would care if he is german , right ? ), 
  and austrian female minister saying either poland will take refuges/pay the fee for not taking them or eu will stop donations  oh and the `` 20\u00a0000\u00a0000 '' polish immigrants out there , poland why not take `` refuges '' '' i loled when i heard that . 
  threatening poles ai n't good idea . 
  pulling out a card of polish immigrants working their ass of abroad not getting anything for free is even more stupid . 
  atm eu is being pretty much dick to poland , and this may turn into very interesting clash inside our `` union '' . 
  edit :  poland is definitely not a welcoming place for middle eastern people , i can understand their desire to leave . 
  poland is not a country for lazy bums . 
  no free loaders signs should be there at border . 
  as a country we are too poor for that . 
  because european union took them nigel . 
  i 'm not really sure how slavbrot would smack poland in any way . 
  seriously , it would be good for some child brained ultranationalists . 
  i ca n't think about any bigger reaction to this than `` meeeh '' . 
  i owe / u/plasmodus apology then . 
  off to google i go . 
  poles are slavs ... 
  your relativism on death count is hideous . 
  my response to you : mmmm eeeeeaaaa khhh aaaa germany !, 
  am i fucking idiot to you now ? 
  that guy could 've been faking . 
  some may be useless trash - great material for martyrs , but do not underestimate them . 
  some are educated , most are intelligent enough . 
  and i do really believe that , besides i feel this whole german pandora 's box will backfire , because if you are right eu is in for a bumpy ride . 
  poland does n't need any of them . 
   why should they go to germany ? 
   germany is supporting the government that is shelling their homes . 
  this ? 
  i 'm not sure what you wanted to say with that last post . 
  it is well known germany have problem with its nazi past , and thinks it has some obligation towards fixing the world because of nazis ( or this is all a camouflage to rule the world ! / jokes aside now ) . 
  whether you meant syrians or ukrainians , because it suits both theatres , answer is either because germany invited them or because first ones are no worse than seconds and vice versa . 
   people travelling to sweden without getting their papers checked is the norm in europe . 
  you mean germany -  sea/denmark -  sweden . 
  there are countries in eu that are not in schengen and there are countries in europe that are for sure not in schengen and you need papers to pass their borders . 
  do n't generalize . 
  if we will be lucky schengen will be revoked in near future . 
  besides that i was being sarcastic in my last post . 
  sorry it was n't that obvious . 
  i 'm on that bad side of the force in this whole mess . 
  i knew that this will happen seconds after merkel said what she said about syrians . 
  i would do that if i would be non-syrian . 
  those `` asylum-seekers '' are not as stupid as people want to think they are . 
  oh , are those tourists now ? 
  this will be fun when they will be moved elsewhere from germany ... 
  hence some people investigate are those real refuges . 
  / s those here are not asylum seekers just welfare leeches . 
  others may be not though . 
  they are perfectly aware what conditions are waiting for them in eu . 
  that is why they demand free money and free housing others got . 
  i would do the same if i 'd be less the person i am . 
  agreed . 
  -25 and snow . 
  do n't be missinformed - last winter was like bit colder autumn . 
  -25 c happens rarely and almost only at nights . 
  last winter can be called winter just because it was rather cold . 
  as a land surveyor i did n't took my winter boots out . 
  i was n't able to use my skis to run once , as snow was that scarce . 
  this winter is expected to be even warmer : /,
