  those are just the facts . 
  i 'd say that in the end it went quite well for germany or japan . 
  remember you mentioned `` turns '' . 
   in fact , poland 's greatest economic growth and well-being in hundreds of years can be linked directly to the eu and a positive relationship with germany specifically . 
  one could argue if increasing national debt by 100 billions $ and counting could be treated as well-being or economic growth . 
  we can agree on that eu gave us opportunities , but did poland use them as best as we could ? 
  well ...  the same will happen to poland if the current government continues to turn it into mini-russia . 
  sure , sure . 
  you 'll sooner see caliphate of germany/france . 
  do n't believe in current hysteria , kaczynski is not that good . 
   and that 's where support of poles is . 
  and this is where you are wrong . 
  we were talking about being less stupid not data . 
  still that data does not provide who is more stupid , but who is better educated . 
  that is n't identical or correlated . 
  now i ca n't disagree with that indicator , pretty straightforward . 
  those are results from last elections ? 
  oh come on ... as for axel - i 'm not taking part in that . 
  settle this with op . 
  erm ... what does one has to do with the other ? 
  sorry mate i do n't use average in such comparisons - i know people with higher ed . 
  that differ from those without it just because they specialize f.e. 
  in constructions or cnc , and life-wise are stupid and naive as goats . 
  according to data you provided the most higher educated people [ out of high . 
  poll voters ] voted for pis . 
  what would you say about them ? 
  riiight , because someone with just primary school diploma is always more stupid than higher ed . 
  degree holder . 
  oh boy you must be really fresh out of school to state such bs . 
  if i may ask , as this is getting bit irritating - please do n't write `` poles chose pis '' or sth similar , as this may be misleading . 
  pis got 19 % of total amount of votes [ edit ] that could be casted [ / edit ] . 
  yes i am aware that sadly it was enough to form majority , but please do not generalise . 
  yes - pis won , yes - it 's legal polish government , but please do not write it as every pole or real majority of poles is/are pis follower ( s ) . 
  19 % folks , 19 % voted for pis . 
  31 % voted for others !, 
  other 50 % are mushrooms that do n't care ( i 'd like to say they were neutral , but they were not ) . 
  there are many who share some ideas with pis , but that does not make them kaczy\u0144ski followers . 
  please do remember that . 
  not to defend pis voters - why are nowoczesna , psl , po and kukiz voters less stupid ? 
  unless you were referring to everyone who voted or to those 50 % that did n't . 
  he meant `` german capital '' . 
  but you knew that . 
  space yes , work or housing not really . 
  that , and just that . 
  ukrainian immigrants are no problem . 
  shhh , do n't write it so loud . 
  i 'd prefer to still be able to argue and fight with pc goons trying to force anything on us because `` eu funds '' and `` their version of multiculti is good for everybody '' . 
  god damn it - do n't take it away !, 
  keeping our economy afloat was n't their doing , unless doing nothing is doing sth , then i agree with you . 
  leaving their liberal promises , actually more like most of their election promises is making them , imho , bad government . 
  not to mention their hypocrisy . 
  things that could be done through those last 8 years , even considering crisis , makes it even worse . 
  they had a chance , now pis surely wo n't implement liberal reforms . 
  if pis will manage to stop drainage of capital from poland and cut all the `` tax happy hours '' for big corporations it will be enough for me . 
  i 'd say for po ( some people still think it 's party worthy of their votes , atm they are relatively quiet ) and nowoczesna ( which is imo po-bis ) . 
  as for strict left i wo n't risk guessing - both sld ( biggest and oldest left-wing party , did n't get to parliament and are stirring protests on the streets together with nowoczesna ) and razem ( newest player around ) are for now doing nothing creative . 
  they will most probably activate one year before elections . 
  fine , good argument . 
  `` most protesters | ... | '' . 
  i assume you protested as well when `` book ballots '' were implemented for the first time . 
  it wo n't do . 
  idiots will still be talking about attack on nato . 
  this `` story '' will die for itself next week . 
  because 8 years of centro-left po + psl government were bad ( seriously ) , and people were fed up . 
  naively they thought pis will be different than their predecessors . 
  anyway pis got majority in parliament . 
  indeed , i generalised and if that 's a problem i apologize . 
  if you take politician 's statements as indication of their intentions you will soon get a cold shower . 
  same goes for people taking part in those protests . 
  but hey - let 's hope you 're right . 
  if i understood it correct now you are talking about forced exchange of real value currency to `` blue and red cards '' , which becomes valueless . 
  this is stealing . 
  let 's end it here . 
  i get your point but i simply disagree about calling , imho , stealing some other names . 
  you wo n't change my mind . 
  have a nice evening . 
  1,2 ) if government will legalize stealing will you stop calling it stealing ? 
  as far as i remember verdicts in poland does not count for everybody , so it could happen that in future courts could change their verdicts , no ( especially with present government habits ) ? 
  look what uk did . 
  if those minimums are the same for both men and women all will be fine . 
  i know it was fraud , considering how ofe was set to operate ( bonds and commissions ) , but what 's done is done . 
  money from my ofe belong to me ( and they were very much real as ofe did start without any kind of debt ) as it is me who in first place earn those money to be put there . 
  imho money from my wages that go inside zus are mine as well , because look above . 
  fact that courts say differently ( i heard about zus , but i did n't about ofe ) means just that our system is like it is and in this matter i do n't really care what judges say . 
  besides that i stick to that if government say that my social security part of tax goes onto my personal account it should be there , although i am perfectly aware that those money do not exist and they go for pensions for retired . 
  in the end i believe people know better what to do with their money , no matter if they will invest or spend them . 
  you may be right - you sound like pis voter . 
  you will not meet with it . 
  tourism or working makes you `` invisible '' for buttheads . 
  uh ... no counter to spiders from hell rain on xmas so you win . 
  this . 
  climate in europe was so much warmer around year 1000 a.d. 
  it switched to `` bit '' colder later on , which allowed swedes to attack and occupy poland in xvii century because baltic was freezing and swedes could pass it on foot . 
  there were even inns in the middle of the sea because ice on baltic was that thick . 
  it changed back to warm later on . 
  still i want xmas to be white in this part of europe . 
  hah , warming climate to make it nice and cozy for `` refuges '' in europe ? 
  why did n't it hit me before ? 
  winter as winter season . 
  when we have summer season .
