  poles working in uk add partly to eu pot as well . 
  again those are rules set by , among others , uk . 
  # 1 000\u00a0000\u00a0000 is just a income tax , economy/industry gain is much bigger . 
  close morons like schultz , and do polls before not seconds after some german imbecile speaks out loud he would love to do politics using force . 
  between such speeches/interviews from both sides your polls would not be that bad looking . 
  maybe you can give out eu funds in uk , but in poland children see no money unless you eat and wear facilities like schools or sport fields constructed/repaired using eu funds . 
  then maybe they should send taxes to polish treasury . 
  `` roads do not raise people . '', 
  so if i understood it correctly he who took the photo is/was free to post nude photos of people and nothing would happen because one has a copyright ? 
  thank you . 
  i think i was looking for `` breaching of privacy '' , but it seems legal wise i would be wrong as well . 
  anyway would n't a feeling of partnership , being a couple and so on be treated as some form of contract allowing just for private use of the photo ( `` i thought he was my hunnybunnny and would not show those pics to anyone '' ) ? 
  would saying before taking a photo `` it 's only for your eyes '' be enough to win with someone posting revenge photo ? 
  i would hope for them as well , but it seems if you want normal life you must seek it outside poland . 
  ok , i take chart was for trolling purposes . 
  `` cyclical investment '' - uk did n't spend a penny to raise those polish parents , and regular british gives not a penny to those kids , their polish parents cover that with taxes . 
  consent for taking a photo for private use is not consent for putting it to public view . 
  would that be correct ? 
  if yes then nude photos posted in public ~ ~ will ~ ~ can make you look bad in eyes of many ( you know things like `` what a shame , wh ** e '' and stuff ) . 
  it looks you are right about clash ( posting nude photos without consent from what i know could be called defamation in poland as it can make your name look bad , even while the photo depicts true ) . 
  so my question if you could be that good - if not defamation what do you call described situation ? 
  what makes you think those kids wo n't join their parents in uk after they will end education and like parents will build british well-being , because you know poles in 99 + % of cases have a legal job in uk ? 
  besides that they `` leech '' only that one benefit instead of education , food , healthcare and other things uk would provide them without spending a penny thanks to parents covering those costs with taxes . 
  i 'm not sure why would you put that irrelevant chart here , unless for trolling purposes . 
  yea , or i may be deliberately ignoring reference to polandball for someone to google some facts . 
  you must be young and/or you dislike going out of the city . 
  i see no other possibilities . 
  for warmia it 's not really adequate - i 'd say saint nicholaus or santa claus is more popular these days . 
  not to mention i do n't think there are many who distinguish them . 
  after all it is bearded older man , in red colors , who gives presents . 
  e e. check again . 
  look for hermaszewski . 
  working poles in uk give more than 1 000\u00a0000\u00a0000 # ( in case you are unfamiliar with numbers same as you are unfamiliar with common sense - it 's one billion pounds , very very very much ) in income taxes alone . 
  adding other taxes like vat is irrelevant as you already know better , right ? 
  i 'm not even trying to lurk there . 
  one time was enough for me . 
  was n't it like that before ? 
  defamation is a crime , and posting such photos is nothing more than defamation . 
  why do you think it may have been harder to sentence someone before than it should be now ? 
  my bad . 
  dude , it was joke  . , 
  so you 're trying to tell me it is german hold media in poland that are doing all the stirring ? 
  action-reaction . 
  how can one prove deleting a photo ? 
  do you think decent person would hold such pics ? 
  ~ ~ no offense mate but if you think that kaczynski will want to hug putin then you have no idea what is going on . ~ ~ [ edit ] scratch last sentence . 
  i misunderstood you . 
  you 're right here [ / edit ] border controls are absolutely no problem at all , it will be less convenient to cross borders but that 's it - commerce wo n't stop as money does not know nationality . 
  germany being our biggest business neighbour is n't only country we trade with . 
  atm there are quite promising business talks with china ... as for alliances - v4 is good and solid alliance , and whether we like it or not , kaczynski will get along with orban . 
  would i like that , not necessarily , but as you said we need alliances . 
  if german policy towards poland will be based on sth like schultz presents i personally see no possibility of constructive dialogue . 
  but i do n't think germany have more of such politics . 
  have an up vote - someone downed you for no reason . 
  yes . 
  `` new '' - giggled . 
  that 's a blond joke . 
  i call it tolerance , far from supporting . 
  given a choice between pis and others ( but not `` 1 or 2 '' situation like it was with presidents , that 's lesser evil ) you would not pick pis . 
  same as me . 
  you had me worried for some time , 
   why do you assume that every non-voter would not vote for pis ? 
  i wrote it two posts before :  i believe that pis voters think one has a duty to vote ( which is good imo ) thus all or most of them took part in voting . 
   and the current constitution got 22 % out of total ammount of votes back in 1997 referendum , but it somehow does n't stop various groups from treating it as if it was the sacred will of our nation . 
  similar to eu accession ( and we are in mostly thanks to nay-sayers  showing up ) . 
  but we are n't talking about this . 
   the truth is , the most people * do n't give a single fuck * , and out of those who * do * , most support pis . 
  such is democracy . 
  i agree , and never said differently . 
  but it is still 19 % . 
  i 'd prefer for foreigners to be aware of that number . 
  those people voted , and they were 19 % of all that could vote . 
  if you add minors to that it wo n't be more than 20-22 % . 
  aye , luckily their popularity is fading . 
  you support every idea pis would like to implement ? 
  i 'm not marching on the streets and hell would freeze over before i would vote for pis . 
  ~ 100 000 people marched on the streets - ~ 36\u00a0000\u00a0000 stayed at home . 
  non-voters are irrelevant in discussions but it is their absence which gave pis majority . 
  their 30 minutes and it all could be different . 
  and yes - every , besides first one afair , government did not have majority votes . 
  got ta love the system . 
  then you are example it is curable . 
  i guess we 're safe then . 
  would `` homosexuality is abnormal '' be ok ? 
  i edited it after and i 'd say you were trying to be smart ass so chill pill mate - you could clearly see what i meant back there . 
  i believe that pis voters think one has a duty to vote ( which is good imo ) thus all or most of them took part in voting . 
  i smiled when i read `` kukiz '' , i loled when i got to `` korwin '' . 
  both are against pis , but both see possibility of cooperation when it comes to shared ideas . 
  that is nowhere near supporting pis . 
  as for those that did n't vote - they seem not to care alright , but i would n't say they support pis . 
  as long as they have right to vote i wo n't exclude them from numbers . 
  they are poles as well . 
  what inevitable consequences you are writing about ? 
  i think we will manage , no worries . 
  37,8 % of 50 % that did vote . 
  50 % did not vote . 
  seems your math skills are broken . 
  31 % voted on different parties ( +50 % that did n't vote ) . 
  i do n't think those people support present government . 
   the countries that take nationalist authoritarian turns have an even worse record .
