  if your name only is blocking you from getting any job you are clearly living in wrong part of the world and it seems everyone around is racist discriminator , right ? 
  please explain to me how can this polish grocery be an affront to british values . 
  censoring offensive and true or offensive and untrue ? 
  if first then it is nothing to be happy about . 
  it 's a deal then , 
  so it 's ok that you did not understand . 
  as long as it is about picking people working for you , so only when it comes to hiring people to your own private enterprise i 'm perfectly fine with that . 
  i could n't agree more  this and it is time to build some dam up there . 
  as long as those were private enterprises i have no problem with that - his circus , his monkeys . 
  you do n't like it - start your own business . 
  if those were government jobs - well , blame the government . 
  i think i agree with lady from last part of that article . 
  i remember this year 's northern hemisphere winter time and that forecast of gigantic winter storm that was to hit new york . 
  i was sticking to web-cam from times square in hope i will see 2 meters high snow cover . 
  there was official state of emergency declared , schools and offices were closed and ... nothing happened . 
  mayor had balls to think about lives that could end rather than about money lost due to one day `` holiday '' . 
  some people are n't meant to sit on the chairs . 
  exactly this . 
  you can have four or five or even ten consecutive 100-year floods . 
  it can happen , but chance for that is very very very and i mean it very low . 
  she did n't but everyone else understood it like she did . 
  but she did n't . 
  someone born here needs no integration . 
  i 'm not sure why did you comment as in second half of your post you wrote exactly what i wrote . 
  only xenophobes would have sth against immigrants that respect culture and laws of their host country . 
  you have a job , you like living in host country - high five !, 
  what hell you live in - nazi germany ? 
  which country took willingly immigrants and discriminated them after ? 
  there is nothing wrong with immigrants . 
  there is everything wrong with immigrants that does not abide local laws and think they will create same environment they fled from . 
  sorry buddy , but this is not that fairy tale . 
  no one is talking about poor , crooks or homeless . 
  one does help first and third ones . 
  you personally can pity criminals . 
  we are not talking about citizens . 
  i disagree . 
  that is only their duty as they are guests here . 
  it is them who seek help , refuge , better life , not us . 
  stop this pc madness . 
  you want to stay at my home - act like i do , like all of us do . 
  you do n't want to do that - be gone then . 
  i am not changing just for someone else 's wellbeing . 
  and if you disagree i am moving to your house next monday - i like chicken and pancakes . 
  i 'm glad we narrowed our little dispute . 
  i agree minister should not be able to have any kind of influence on positions of ppl working outside of his/her ministry . 
  but i do see few exclusions from that and this case here is great example . 
  that journalist was not fired , for now at least , she is suspended from being a host of only that program - she is still doing other things she was responsible for . 
  above all she was awfully rude . 
  please stop the nonsense of `` sacking for being on wrong side of the force '' . 
  that is simply demagogic . 
  people decided this is gutter , that journalist has mostly negative opinions afaik . 
  thing is there is no democracy-like system in media and we , people watching , ca n't vote to sack those pseudo journalists other than by not watching . 
  that works for commercial tvs , but does n't for national . 
  yes - i agree with you about dangerous precedence , and i hope she was suspended only or mostly because of rudeness and not because of political decision . 
  i would n't like for tvp to be even more politically controlled than it was under po . 
  but we both know how it will be . 
  [ edit ] as you edited as well - message is this - being rude will have consequences . 
  we do n't know how that would end if someone more cultural would do that interview . 
  i 'm pretty sure she would n't be suspended if she had behaved more like a neutral journalist , and not like some kind of political opponent . 
  oh boy ... that journalist was suspended because of how she led that interview . 
  she , and few others , are known to be rude and forcing their own agenda most of the time agenda about discrediting the guest , most of the time unrightfully . 
  that is not journalism , that 's a gutter . 
  in commercial tv that can be happening , in national tv culture should be required . 
  that journalist will finally learn it hard way . 
  you are free to attack government as long as you do it cultural way . 
  no idea . 
  ask grandpa bugenhagen , he should know . 
  / r/failedsarcasmisfailed, 
  that wo n't change a thing . 
  time of a military actions is long gone . 
  you want to see a change - stop allowing enemies of our everyday life to live among us . 
  sadly words of wisdom will not be heard by decision makers . 
  people saw that . 
  politically correct zombies did not . 
  ok , i must admit you are truly master of showing yourself as `` mr.knowitall-you-idiots '' . 
  congratulation . 
  have a nice evening . 
  let them learn language - give them books . 
  aye , some have , others ( quite many , thou i do n't know if more than 50 % ) brought their families abroad because living in other countries is easier than it is in poland . 
  eu funds did not go en mass towards polish industry , so they did not really create jobs , so eu funds were not really spent that good . 
  thou it is n't eu concern which is obvious . 
  `` has to '' - let me explain this simple fact , as it seems you are bit blind or brainwashed . 
  nothing about us without us . 
  we may take some ( thou they do n't want to come to poland nor poland can give them proper welfare or means to live as poland ca n't give it to poles in the first place ) but trying to force anything on us puts even those neutral poles in opposition . 
  we would gladly agree on helping with refugee camps outside eu as wave of muslim economical immigrants , most without any decent working skills is critical threat to europe . 
  back in the days not many poles knew how to speak english , so they were going to places with already settled polish immigrants . 
  afair chicago had many factories and there was construction boom in the 1940 's -50 's and it was easy to get your family inside usa . 
  it was time when pole was not a `` wolf '' for other pole . 
  atm most frauds polish immigrants get during and/or soon after relocating is from fellow poles that settled abroad . 
  great nation we are ... only during fugly hard times , f.e. 
  we could n't care less . 
  we just do n't want to be a holding-camp for those so called refuges because of quota system that forces given country to hold their quota inside that country . 
  polish welfare reality is nowhere near western european . 
  that map lacks definitions of poverty and social exclusion . 
   how is raising retirement age not a deep reform in social security ? 
  it 's a shit storm and not a reform . 
  without creating an environment for people `` that old '' being able to work , being able to find a work , being able to hold that work how do you see people work till 67 ? 
  what about breaking a deal with all those that started to work back then when retirement was at 60/65 ? 
  you should die before retirement . 
  this is what polish government wants from you before they take more than 50 % of your earnings in taxes .
