  zus is going to succumb in the dark hole in 5 years or so , in which pis will greatly help if pis will be brave enough to hold up to their election promises . 
  system that is in poland is sick . 
  interest rate only from debt created by zus is more than few billions pln . 
  annually !, 
  rising retirement age to 67 is like trying to get rid of fart from inside a car by sprinkling perfumes on outer side of the car window . 
  lowering taxes , boosting inside economy , giving people more money so they could spend more is the key , not increasing taxes , killing/selling industry or oppressing people . 
  but poles in poland are stupid and are economic retards . 
  so they vote for similar retards and thieves . 
  that is why it is that easy to loot them . 
  that is why 3 000 000 poles left poland in last decade and more are going to follow . 
  low birth rate will do the rest . 
  i 'm sorry but in this matter you are stupid - raising retirement age without no deep reforms in taxes , labor market , and social security is above mega stupid . 
  so did you like when po stole 155\u00a0000\u00a0000\u00a0000 pln from private retirement funds as well ? 
  `` religious feelings '' . 
  pretty common these days in ue . 
   the barbaric system in place in sa it is none of our business what laws are there outside . 
  it is their law in their country , mind your own country . 
  funny thing we allow them to do w/e they want to do in eu , and some even pay them for that . 
  eu is a goner . 
  so are germans . 
  ... and it looks like giving him all the credit . 
  irish won with world champions , that are overall far better than our team . 
  whole team needs to be in form , not only lewy . 
  most people are dumb , not all . 
  take over the world , duh . 
  ( for real - probably take out dollar as a currency for oil transactions . 
  that would be more than enough to mess usa for good . 
  fortify in middle east and get very close with china and in the long run take over the world comrade . 
  oh i mentioned that already ) . 
  imo you should keep calling it gaelic . 
  running around with ball in your hands and calling it football is silly . 
  same as with american football - they should call it armoured handegg or sth . 
  them americans , 
  riiight , because lewy will win match alone ... 
  kids these days  . , 
  uhm band up with townsfolk ? 
  some people does n't understand anything but argument of force . 
  i would do that only if police would n't be doing what it should be . 
  vienna victory was last `` that big '' time poland confronted muslims . 
  besides that mostly tatars lived in polish kingdom and further in polish commonwealth and despite their barbaric manners they integrated because if not they would be beheaded to say it at least . 
  that was back then when things were easier as pc did not exist . 
  if you invite a guest to your home and guest abuses your hospitality you kick that guest out . 
  to make it clear - we europeans are hosts , muslims ( those that came after second ww ) are guests . 
  if they do n't want to behave you do what ? 
  cheers . 
  as an agnostic i think most of those schools ( in uk ) are more or less teaching kids not only religion . 
  quite often those religious schools are above average when it comes to teaching . 
  afair one does not have to be follower of a religion to learn in such school ( from obvious reasons i 'm referring in my whole response to christian schools ) . 
  as a parent i would have no problem with sending my kid to f.e. 
  catholic school if it would mean kid will get better than proper teaching . 
  it would be up to me to explain my kid about religion about which he/she will learn . 
  exclude poland from that comparison - polish avg . 
  is being calculated from less than 25 % of working people ( companies bigger than 8 persons ) . 
  we are not germans . 
  exactly , he is weird . 
  weird for present politically correct media and thus for people being brainwashed by those media . 
  best example of jkm being weird is fact he is his own worst enemy . 
  most of his ideas are very much logical , but they drown among out of contest media relations ( like the famous `` european ticket '' salute ) . 
  they are afraid of him and thus he wo n't win . 
  still he is n't changing colors like . nowoczesna , which in reality is po-bis ( petru , leader of nowoczesna was close advisor to tusk ... ) . 
  jkm is antisocialist and do n't lie to people like most of others do . 
  he literally speaks his mind , and being honest is a problem these days , 
   above else , they actually intend to go through with it . 
  you are more naive than a child . 
  korwin , and no it has n't changed for more than 2 years now . 
  i 'm fed up with the shiz centro-left is doing in poland . 
  korwin wo n't win , but at least i will have clean conscience . 
  i find geographic ignorance bigger problem . 
  fact you try to defend op is imo disturbing even more . 
  and yes - all old eu countries should be included . 
  i think poorest regions would not be elsewhere compared to that infographic . 
  france , benelux , germany and austria are northern europe ? 
  i think bangladesh is northern europe as well ... 
  in before native riots ... 
  and why is there `` netherlands '' next to your nick ? 
  where , when , what were your responsibilities , what are your responsibilities in that matter now ( scratch last one if you do n't work in geodesy ) ? 
  i hardly believe you are not trying to troll . 
  if you mention shitty courses and `` uni 3rd leagues '' you do n't really seem to know what you are talking about , as almost no one pays any attention to your alma mater , and there are many with 3rd league degrees that are superior to those from 1st league ( whichever unis those would be ) . 
  i love those . 
  i would love to live in one . 
  it 's magnificent . 
  i see no reason ( apart of crime ) they would deteriorate . 
  they are like wow !, 
  ok - if i , personally , would be a refugee i would accept any paid job that i would be able to do , i could learn everyday language as well . 
  this is a shortest way of starting my life in foreign country , not to mention only way for a refugee to stop being looked on as a burden . 
  bulgaria is a country with rather low prices , i 'd risk saying , similar to poland . 
  600 euro for a start is great with 600 euro being above avg . 
  and they turn their backs on this offer . 
  no matter what kind of job that is ( i assume they were n't offered mine sweeping ) . 
  clean or dirty . 
  it 's a job that gives you money , that allows you to start living . 
  you do n't want to work ? 
  how do you see your life then ? 
  i see it , thanks . 
  i edited my previous post to clarify . 
  we are talking about private sector . 
  of course it does make sense when you compare job for immigrant that most probably does not speak your language , to job in which you need to have uni degree . 
  `` bridges do n't build themselves '' , not yet at least . 
  as for it branch - it is like mushroom , when comparing job market to paper , scissors , rock - it does n't fit . 
  600 euro net ( with official amount on your contract ~ 500 euro gross ) - after 3,5 to 5 years studies bachelor or master of geodesy ( land surveying and civil engineering ) with 4 + years of experience in poland gets less than that ( as an employee ) .
