  we are becoming usa with their two party only system , and in poland both parties are not good . 
   source ? 
  i have none . 
  it is my supposition i am basing on german government actions and thus intimidating local authorities . 
   well , the current statements made by pis members ( claiming that the media is not friendly towards them ) i never voted and would never vote for pis ( thou i voted for duda in president elections ) , but i 'm not seeing any kind of danger . 
  nothing is happening that was n't before . 
  public media were under po rule , subjective to the core , biased even , `` reporters '' like lis , were bending facts to their likings . 
  believe me what is now , for now , it is n't anything worse . 
  pis simply is n't hiding their intentions like po was doing for last 8 years . 
  somehow i find it honest . 
  pis is disliked by european mass media ( and i 'm not defending him ) thus you see all the hysteria . 
  same like it was with orban ( i 'm not defending him either ) . 
   ( see the connection of the topics repeating ? ), 
  you are making a mistake by trying to compare german cc to polish one . 
  but it was government that made it clear for lower authorities how they should treat immigrant topics . 
   swapping out the heads of public media at your will . 
   you tend to put equality mark between your and ours public media . 
  maybe it is correct between radios , but i do n't believe german tv is that much one sided like polish tvp was and probably still will be . 
  seriously - everything that po+psl did was labelled as great in public tv . 
  i think do n't have to add in reality those very very arguable deeds . 
  changing head of public media at will changes nothing in reality - different name , same shiz . 
   i mean the constitutional court which is ( or at least should be ) a major political player in a democracy . 
  its illusory to believe that the office is not political . 
  ah this . 
  if ct judges were nominated by parliament it is n't something that will be neutral , do n't you think ? 
  frankly numerous times it showed it is very much biased . 
  it was always political so any fuss about it simply amusing . 
   this does not mean that they could get worse under kaczynski again . 
  it is a fact that the relations were much better during the time where po held the government compared to the government before that . 
  in first years of po rule , after pis it was this way , but further in time people started to see relation between tusk and merkel . 
   quite funny because eu mps are concieved as powerless in our own country . 
  power of word i guess . 
  if poles would know what you know , about f.e. 
  schultz being powerless , it all would be better for both of our nations . 
   well , and we got somewhat pissed by the recent interviews some of your ministers gave . 
  political merry-go-around . 
  luckily there is internet . 
   a large population ... which is decreasing every year . 
  poland is at the brink of demographic catastrophe . 
  or even past that already . 
   good prospects of growth ... which seems to be hidden from public . 
   a strategic position . 
  ... which we does n't know how to use . 
  as i said it looks like science fiction as for now i see no politician that could lead us to that bright future , at least no one that would be still alive for more than 20 years from now on . 
  oh i meant more about blocking information because of pc , but that does n't make your point less valid . 
   but if a government effectively tames a major political player in the country who or what do you mean by that ? 
  pis have no one to tame . 
  they alone got enough votes to have 50 % + 1 seats in parliament , and have kukiz '15 to back them on some things . 
  pis got elected thanks to po being lousy scoundrels , kukiz '15 for now did n't do much to loose their initial support , nowoczesna is a loudmouth-do-nothing-good party with is considered po-bis , no matter how they are portrayed in germany . 
  others do not count for now . 
  nowoczesna with sld ( post communists that did n't get to parliament ) try to create inner disturbance by saying democracy is in danger . 
  it is in no less danger than it was for last 10 years . 
  pis is just doing everything in 10x pace po was doing . 
  they are doing exactly the same as previous government did but soooo much faster and you can easily notice that . 
  latest polls from some crappy surveying agency portrayed as woohoo serious and reliable source say that miraculously nowoczesna is leader with almost 30 % support . 
  some private media in poland does not even hide with their lies . 
  this poland vs. poland war is disgusting . 
  `` divide et impera '' one could say . 
  but that is for some time now . 
  if pis will restrain itself from being 100 % pis they can achieve quite much ( which is something i fear tbh ) seeing what is happening in europe . 
  constitutional tribunal or public media wo n't be a problem in about month or two - most will forget about it . 
  same as it was before with even bigger issues . 
  as for relations between our countries - believe it or not those are deteriorating for some time now and not thanks to kaczynski . 
  po is believed by , i 'd risk to say , 30-50 % of poles to be party under very big influence of madame merkel 's and germany ue mps . 
  tusk had no spine to say `` no '' for which he received his job in eu structures . 
  very much damage was done by german eu mps like schultz and it keeps on and on . 
  resentment about ww2 is almost gone ( seriously how can one blame anyone for his grandparents deeds ? 
  ) , but with every stupid interview , during which german mps trying to even remotely suggest poland will be forced to do sth , that resentment comes back from the basement . 
  fact that germany is key player in eu ( you actually steer eu , which is obvious considering your global position ) is n't helping in this matter as well . 
  you know `` third reich = eu '' . 
  politicians are doing bad job to keep our neighbour relations at a friendly level . 
  with the immigrants crisis happening and our way different stances on the matter it will be rather hard to meet in the middle . 
  let 's hope for the best . 
   you will be a major player in europe in the future this is something i ca n't believe . 
  i read few reports but still - it 's like reading science fiction . 
  how on earth ? 
  it wo n't happen for itself , so who will lead us to that bright future ? 
  good night . 
   ignoring that these events were n't known until several days after and media ca n't report on something they do n't know abou do you really believe that ? 
  do you really suggest reporters do not use twitter , instagram and facebook ? 
  really ? 
   and no , these laws are not suited to suppress criticism or for general censorship . 
  recent events suggest otherwise . 
   if you think breaking with your own family and community is easy . 
  think a little . 
  if your community is disrespecting , intolerant or even criminal it is very easy . 
  if community says women are to be treated as items , every nonbeliever is your enemy , is is good , women are to be raped , `` this is community area and only community laws apply '' , others should change to community willing , then that community is something barbarian would stick to . 
  think a little . 
  we are n't exactly considering healthy communities . 
  we are n't exactly considering all `` communities '' to be like that as well . 
   it should be perfectly possible to be both muslim and european . 
  your world view is disgustingly black and white . 
  and it is . 
  it is you who try to manipulate here . 
  i have no problem with integrated or willing to immigrants . 
  i have all the problems with those `` abusing hospitality '' . 
   or they can stay where their life is and create a parallel society , which is what they 're going to do if more people start thinking like you . 
  luckily there is no parallel society right now . 
  oh wait ... there are , in every country that gave muslims a chance . 
  every .
