  thank you for saying that russia = germany . 
  that really makes a lot things easier to understand . 
  300 000 deaths is no better than 8 000 , but i guess it 's about numbers for you . 
  i can tell you one thing - in case such people will end up in poland , they will be swiftly pacified and they will be crying to take them back to where they came from . 
  if police will not do that , common people will . 
  one thing is helping , but tolerating rioters and fanatics ( after third allah akbar they would likely to witness `` polish husaria charge '' ) is out of question . 
  i hope orban will deal with this in hungary by placing army on borders soon and rest of countries will follow . 
  in case of leftists - ** immigrants wanting to work are welcome ** ( and having a job , as unemployment is above 10 % ) , islamists will be dealt swiftly . 
  like it or not . 
  ... war zone as well , and yet 1 000 000 ukrainians are n't rush-helped inside germany . 
  yeah , politicians talking about equality . 
    but as usual over did it he could 've used `` leeches '' instead ( that would as well fit to every other lazy bum immigrant from inside and outside of eu , and would n't be sooooo politically incorrect ) , but that sadly is n't jkm style . 
   what do we have left i think that we will soon find out . 
  what would you call those that killed british soldier in london ? 
  those that bombed madrid ? 
  human trash would be far too good . 
  jkm ( acronym of korwin 's name ) is right , but as usual over did it and instead listening to merit ppl will talk about `` trash '' . 
  he will never learn . 
  avg salary means it is avg among those that give data to statistics . 
  in poland avg pay is calculated out of less than 25 % working people wages . 
  i do n't have to add that real avg and that official one are different for like 40 % . 
  you can get low end popular brand smartphone for as low as 0.25 euro with offer ( i forgot the correct word , sorry ) from tele company , you can get chinese new mobile for around 20 euro . 
  finally . 
  you know what is funny about this - i 'm a land surveyor , with two higher education diplomas , with 7y experience in land surv / civil engineering . 
  for me to get to canada is first to do ielts exam ( fair thing is native english-speakers have to get same thing ) , getting tons of documents translated , waiting for validation , waiting in workers pool , and maybe then i will be chosen to go to canada to work . 
  i have to have at least 15 000 cad on my account ( and this is must have ) because `` no idea what for '' as i would be going to canada with fixed job contract and earning money as soon as day one in canada . 
  i would be earning for my living , paying the taxes . 
  no free money for me ( which is how should it work ) . 
  i could easily get a plane ticket and be `` that friendly polish neighbour '' next saturday . 
  i guess it 's time to become a refuge and pass all this . 
  silesia is a region in poland . 
  silesian is a dialect . 
  now - no . 
  soon - maybe . 
  for now those refuges are rejoicing . 
  problems , if any , will start after they will calm down and regular life will get over . 
  imho germany is making big mistake taking so many at once but in case of troubles it wo n't be my problem . 
  good luck . 
  1 + m is from central and eastern eu . 
  it is n't something that pops in a second . 
  give it a 1-5 years to see results . 
  let 's talk when it will become `` he is '' not `` seems '' . 
  next month there will be elections in poland , we shall see how he will act after when his mother party will get most votes . 
  i 'd say that for now he is n't that much of religious or conservative . 
  attack through balkans . 
  but allies chose not to step on stalin 's toe and left poland in red plague hands . 
  many fear that nato is a paper alliance now and in case of putin 's bad mood nato will do the same as france did after 1.09.1939 . 
  i apologize for zero contributing but trolololololololololo, 
  not that duda is `` my '' president , thou better than komorowski ( for now at least ) , but can you please elaborate on that `` another level '' ? 
  you are so wrong . 
  poland is not some popeistan , poles are more religious , but not `` soo religious '' you want us to be . 
  there are at least tens of thousands poles that were moved by force after iiww by soviets , poles that would want to get back to their home country but polish gov piss on them . 
  get those poles back first and we will talk how poland is poor compared to west , how hard it is to live in poland for regular pole , how polish language is one of the most difficult language to learn . 
  you say you do n't understand - how those `` refuges '' will feed themselves without job , and job will they wo n't get ( 10 + % unemployment rate ) , polish welfare is nonexistent , as 100euro/monthly is like spitting in face . 
  polish communal housing is almost nonexistent . 
  those refuges will be burden to poland because poland can not help their own citizens , . 
  why you think poles would understand that getting public loans to give food , house to foreigners is ok , but it is n't ok to do so for their own ? 
  it 's harsh reality . 
  why do you think more than 2 000 000 poles left poland during last 10 years ? 
  majority of internet not poland , which is obvious exaggeration . 
  have you ever considered that you live in democracy and in democracy it is majority who is `` right '' . 
  so either you are wrong or you are wrong about `` most of poland '' . 
  bullet . 
  no more , no less . 
  nice :d just adjust some `` sidewings with net '' to motorboat and go up and down . 
  are they tasty ? 
  uh uh uh can i have 4 of those lobsters ? 
  never tasted one , and they say it is tasty and funny to open it up with a hammer . 
  please , please , please . 
  ... and walking next to him pole would answer `` yes we do speak english , but seeing how you misbehave , we wo n't give you that honour and speak to you in your own language , you ignorant prick . 
  come back when you will sober up , apologise , and we will treat you like human being and not as drunk trash you 're being right now '' . 
  luckily such situation of drunken brit applies mostly and only to 1-2 biggest cities in poland . 
  it is sad to see a tourist from country that invented `` gentleman '' act in totally different way . 
  imbeciles because they throw away only chance they have of steering the country , and yet they throw it away just like that . 
  had they voted for w/e pis would not have majority . 
  po had it 's chance , failed miserably . 
  kod is a tool , nothing more . 
  i love hypocrisy of their leader . 
  i 'm not going to mention nowoczesna , a party created because surveys were saying there is big chance that they will get enough votes when they will appear . 
  po version of diplomacy - asskissing - no thank you . 
  all three are same as pis but without cross . 
  next elections people will have another chance to outvote pis , but sadly i do n't see that happening . 
  obama is far from being lunatic like macierewicz is . 
  if the article was about f.e. 
  szyd\u0142o it would be way different thing . 
  macierewicz is known to be paranoid and conspiracy looking person . 
  because those numbers allowed them to be a voting majority . 
  votes of too lazy and/or stupid to vote does not count . 
  you do n't vote - others will decide for you . 
  thus 17 % is enough to rule . 
  you are picking wrong place - i find it wrong that such small number can give a party almost total power , but on the other side that number is more than 50 % of valid votes . 
  same was with eu accession . 
  laughable ? 
  hmmm laughable because you say so ? 
  and you are who exactly ? 
  and yeah , they got 37,58 % ( out of ~ 50 % t of total that voted ) , so their `` democratic '' right to rule is even bigger . 
  not poles in general ( because that would include you ) , but only 17 % of voters ( only around 50 % of all eligible to did vote at all ) . 
  we deserve to have even worse government with that kind of ignorant attitude . 
  i voted other , but i gave this government a credit of trust , because they won elections fair and square . 
  that credit ended few days ago , but i wo n't join imbeciles from kod .
