  calling 15 \u2103 + can hardly be called a winter in my dictionary . 
  thus '' / i '' . 
  seeing how problematic multiculturalism can be and has become in western/northern europe . 
  as tolerant as we mostly are ( towards people not towards their actions , make immigrants respect our traditions and all is fine , single racist buttheads happen all over the world ) most people tend to see mirage of `` multiculturalism '' . 
  [ edit ] ( fingers too quick ) - yes , you are right . 
  we are nowhere near western/northern europe when it comes to foreign culture immigrants , so we have no such problems . 
  germans , ukrainians and vietnamese ( afaik our biggest minorities ) are doing fine , with first ones even having mandatory two seats in polish parliament . 
  marked mine fields act like walls over water . 
  it would be double edged blade though and too radical even for me , but there are solutions . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  analogous situation - would anyone be willing to learn about why women should not drive , why should they walk behind men an some various other bullshit ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  those that want to integrate do n't need such lessons , others do n't give a damn . 
  just a thing - do n't take my word for actual situation as i am bystander in this case ( and i do not follow trends like sheep does ) . 
  have those pro- and anti- say sth . 
  in general i am against pis and it 's actions but i 'm not afraid and i do recognize government legitimacy as they won the elections and it 's been just a month from elections . 
  i will take a stance after 6-12 months . 
  not just - it happened last year or year before afair . 
  some info - somewhere around year 2000 obligatory retirement funds were implemented in poland . 
  they were said to give people enough money for `` retirement under palm trees '' . 
  when those entitled to get those extra money went to retirement they go something around 70 euro extra per month . 
  anyway those private ret . 
  funds were forced by law to invest in buying polish bonds thus increasing national debt ( it 's very big generalisation to make it shorter ) . 
  on top of that private ret . 
  funds were taking commission not from money they gained from investing but from money they collected . 
  in the end rules for those obligatory private retirement funds were written very badly . 
  but they were having some gain from investing compared to zus ( national retirement fund , which is just a money sink , as it is being ran incredibly uneconomicaly , interest rate from zus debt is few billions euro annually ) . 
  in my opinion it was theft as those money were not on government managed funds but on private obligatory funds . 
  i would have no problem with that if zus would not be a money sink or if my money would be given to me - i 'd personally invest them . 
  not to mention that during transferring money from private to government accounts around 10-15 billions pln were `` lost '' - i want to believe those were bank fees . 
  do n't understand me wrong - those 150 billions are in zus in theory as a number on a monitor display , but in reality they are gone . 
  this is the example of how important things for regular people can look like and how much regular people do n't care . 
  and now compare that to protests we have ... 
  no no no . 
  150 + billions , not millions ( i lost 000 back there , will edit that soon ) was case from last government of po + psl ( and that was just a peak of mountain of scams that po + psl government did ) . 
  as for pis - nothing they did before could make people to believe it will be different than it was last time they ruled . 
  thing is after last elections pis have majority alone , and last time they were in exotic coalition with samoobrona and lpr . 
  those that are protesting are not those that voted for pis . 
  opposition , seeing how big power pis got thanks to last government being so bad , is creating an atmosphere of democratic armageddon . 
  it is n't as bad as politicians would want it to be . 
  that 's my point of view . 
  and that is why you see it falsely as media , german ones are at the top ( no germanophobia intended , just pure fact , remember two potatoes ? 
   ) , dislike pis and seems they present it like it 's civil war out here . 
  it ai n't . 
  acta protests were far bigger and wider . 
  at this moment there is absolutely nothing to worry . 
  overthrow democratically elected , by vast majority ( 19 + % votes with ~ 50 % entitled to vote frequency , second one got ~ 10 % ) , government . 
  sure they start not as they should , but every sane person being not an political imbecile knew it will look something like this . 
  so now we have `` mass '' ( total 100k at most protesters , [ u ] mostly [ / u ] nowoczesna and sld voters ) crying and protests just , and i mean it , just because constitutional tribunal , which in past f.e. 
  decided stealing 150\u00a0000\u00a0000\u00a0000 + pln from obligatory private retirement funds to move it to national retirement fund ( which is black hole , and those 150 + billions were used to make the debt bit smaller , which means 150 + were lost second they got to national account ) was ok . ct is important , but comparing what they were ruling before with that what is happening now it is simple hysteria ( check photos from protests ) . 
  should pis rule - he 'll no ( i voted for neither side ) , but it was majority vote for them to rule , and for now they did n't do anything ( besides appointing their own judges to ct , as ones before were appointed with breaking the law as well , crazy merry-go-around ) that bad for that hysteria to happen . 
  but as i always say most poles are stupid so they either listen to stupid or vote for stupid - they do n't learn from history , pis ruled once and it was the same . 
  what is happening right now is aftermath . 
  if kaczynski would be younger , and pis would loose in next elections , there is great chance pis would win in next next ones . 
  i hope it cleared a bit . 
  i never said they ca n't . 
  they are solely against elections results . 
  most of those protesters have no idea what is this `` crisis '' about . 
  if it would n't be pis with kwakula and macior people would do jackshiz like it was f.e. 
  with stealing your and my , among others , money from ofe . 
  `` can do . '', 
  call me when they will do more than their predecessors . 
  those should be called `` anti-democratic protests '' as they were targeted towards legally and democratically elected government . 
  people tend not to understand how democracy works . 
  yes , i am aware she is n't but it is she who deals cards in european union . 
  compared to her tusk is simple head of waiters , nothing more , not to mention he is just a puppet and he proved that many times while still being polish pm and while being `` president of eu '' . 
  tusk is set for life anyway - after losing his present job he will eventually get eu retirement . 
  he is done in poland . 
  `` chancellor merkel unmoved . '', 
  carry on . 
  i guess i was n't clear enough - my bad - you chose to go there in the first place or was it decided for you ? 
  it was your choice to live in that shithole . 
  it took you seven years to leave - seems you 're a masochist . 
  it 's on the wrong track for more than 10 years now . 
  with most poles in poland being stupid it is n't something odd . 
  france has quite a big army you know . 
  this is pure censorship , communist censors from soviet union could n't be more proud . 
  long live political correctness !, 
  not `` they '' . 
  him . 
  others are there to clap . 
  i thought at least duda will grow some balls , but for now it does n't look like it . 
  for you it may be bullshit . 
  for me it was quite enjoyable film . 
  no one said it was historically accurate and i stated my opinion . 
  not to mention fantasy was part of world back then . 
  movies about history millennium old are n't that good patriotic wise . 
  `` polish tale - when sun was god '' - movie about that time . 
  1612 is indeed good to watch . 
  great costumes imo . 
  maybe 0.01 % of poles know what polandball is . 
  excluding main actor from witcher ( \u017bebrowski ) movie is worse than what uve created . 
  luckily new witcher movie will be made . 
  with proper amount of money this time . 
  movie about ii ww maybe . 
  war movie in general - hardly . 
  decent ... yes , decent it was , but imho it is all you can say about it ( thou it is nice to look at husaria charging ) . 
  check two older made parts of the sienkiewicz trilogy - `` potop '' ( about swedes invading poland - imo best part of three ) and `` pan wo\u0142odyjowski '' ( about how poland fought with turks ) . 
  watch them in that order as well . 
  those two are from 70 's - 80 's but they are better than many modern movies .
