pis is at 35 % + , po is at no more than 20 % . 
  other parties are big unknown as results from different polls vary too much . 
  if pis wo n't do anything stupid ( and it is very likely they will do that ) they can reach 40 % with what po is doing right now . 
  imo po will be degrading . 
  oktoberfest 2014 . 
  most of those that are on hungarian border do and you know that in normal world throwing a rock can kill , right ? 
  there is absolutely no difference between rioters and those `` desperate '' ones . 
  they are doing the same and cause for that is irrelevant , for me at least . 
  those people express themselves about what do they do when things go not how they would want them to go . 
  nothing explains that they resort to violence . 
  nothing . 
  try to pick a fight at airport after custom officer wo n't allow you to pass the gates - you will be tazed at least but most of the time you will be thrown to the ground , handcuffed and put on the next return plane . 
  we should help those people , but not by letting them in all at once . 
  there should be refuge camps outside eu . 
  countries willing to take some people would take some , others would not . 
  i do n't understand why people do n't learn - this is a situation in which once you give a finger , you will loose whole hand at least . 
  we all saw that . 
  closing internal borders of schengen area is a failure of this pc plan . 
  you want to help those people - do it , but on our conditions , not on theirs . 
  arrrgh , orange colour everywhere  i giggled reading that `` what if '' . 
  thanks . 
   but those 3 billion people have n't risked their lives to get over here hah , show them more that it is worth to risk and we will have those billions on us in no time . 
  that 's odd . 
  i saw that pic numerous times on fb and it never had albanian flag there . 
  i guess ignorants can be found everywhere . 
  of course not . 
  i detest most of them ( they are politicians afterall ) , but i would not risk saying what you stated . 
  many of them seem to be in politics because of personal gain indeed , but there are those that are there because they want to change something/believe in what they do . 
  fact i disagree with them does n't mean they are bad . 
  i 'd prefer the same . 
  but you or me are n't them . 
  you or me would not throw rocks at border patrol , we would not riot if we were refuges or immigrants . 
   not agreeing with the polish far right = dancing as merkel wants . 
  doing against nation 's will is . 
  this whole mess is madame merkel 's fault . 
  kopacz could 've said no , we would still be on the loosing side but at least she would show some balls . 
  anyway decision has been made , we have elections next month , it should be interesting end of the year . 
  i can tell you this - 54 % net gain ( 66 % with tax , effin 21 % tax ) from january 2015 from cdr stocks and it 's rising . 
  it is not poland they want to get to . 
  no matter what you or me think about it or what law will be saying . 
  this way or another they will stay in germany , or move onward north or west . 
  by now you should know that many of those `` refuges '' do n't give a damn about european laws . 
  deported ? 
   it 's only one border mate . 
  they can buy a 10 euro ticket to get back again and again and again and again . 
  they are asylum seekers , that is bit different afaik . 
  polish tv lies , confabulates and create their own reality like no other . 
  especially during pre-elections time . 
  it puzzles me as well . 
  the further it goes , the more i think there is something behind all this , as all they do ( ruling party ) makes me think they really want to be in situation you described which would be stupid . 
  and they are not stupid . 
  they do n't know that  and they may go to germany illegally . 
  polish government will not give them even a quarter germany would , and i 'm not sure what will be reaction of poles tbh . 
  it all depends on those `` refuges '' . 
  they will leave asap  1 month , maybe three . 
  poland is not even close to germany when it comes to welfare . 
  they will get absolutely nothing ( again - compared to germany and other rich welfare countries ) . 
  `` polish '' government is getting to an end . 
  kopacz will get cosy job in brussels . 
  like tusk she is dancing as merkel wants . 
  no one , besides this parody of pm , is betraying v4 . 
  she is going down anyway . 
  regular poles are against quotas and against forcing islam into our country . 
  examples from west did it clear we wo n't invite such guests . 
  their demands may be sth worth concerning for others , not for pissed of poles . 
  regular immigration process will not be changed . 
  i 've seen few discussions concerning islam in uk . 
  all of them were going like this : we should talk about islam - you are racist !, 
  each program was like that . 
  maybe i was unlucky to see only such ones . 
  simplifying bureaucratic system in poland is not priority for any leading party - it would make few hundred thousands of clerks upset which would be seen in elections results . 
  not to mention nepotism would decrease . / s. 
  but that would benefit millions - so ? ... 
  i know , ridiculous . 
  as for doing impossible - if lucky i 'll be in canada next spring so let others hit the wall . 
  right , i did n't take bi area into account . 
  still taxes - in finland it wo n't be a problem as finland was socialist since ho ho and some more ( few decades :p ) . 
  i do n't know about old eu , but it will not work in central/eastern europe . 
  taxes are what is holding f.e. 
  poland from booming . 
  taxes and how very fugly bad they are being distributed is what makes people emigrate from poland . 
  years of soviet occupation left huge mark . 
  so if base condition of bi are increased taxes , it 's quite impossible to pass , at least in poland . 
   sorry but i can give you only 1 upvote . 
  you deserve it for sure . 
  anyway - i see one huge flaw - taxes . 
  needed amount of money from taxes literally doubled . 
  if your graph can be taken as more than only informative and top line means income before tax then it seems that amount of money received from taxes must increase . 
  so one would have to create more income than without bi , either from receiving bigger salary ( and no private sector businessmen will go for it ) or from working more ( workers wo n't go for it ) . 
  unless we assume that bi is implemented with automation being at the level allowing to create that extra income without increasing salary or workhours amount . 
  all that if graphs are more or less accurate :p if not - well flaw remains . 
  people do n't like big taxes . 
  if i interpreted it correctly then i 'm not sure if would like that . 
  although decreasing overall number of clerks needed to supervise welfare distribution is argument i would n't pass by just like that . 
  unless robots are in private hands , politicians are in private hands , and people are not needed . 
  first two are modern day reality . 
  i 'm not really sure if i want that wider automation to come . 
  it ai n't happening in poland . 
  i can tell you that for sure . 
  maybe namibia have bigger ppp compared to poland .
