  i do n't like putin , but i respect him as dictator . 
  who would be the puppeteer ( s ) ? 
   but we voted yes for the quota system ? 
  po government in person of pm kopacz voted yes . 
  i do not recall any referendum in this matter . 
   he was n't referring to poland specifically i know . 
  he meant all those countries , that opposed , and that would include poland . 
   the german sentence translated poorly into english . 
  he did n't mean actual , physical violence . 
  please do translate it to me then `` mit macht durchsetzen '' . 
  seeing and listening to him makes me think he pretty much would invade poland if he would be able to . 
  luckily he is n't in that position , yet he thinks he can throw threats . 
   no there is n't yes , there is . 
  it 's called internet . 
  i saw that interview . 
  i 'm not falling for that trap . 
  i know what you did there mister journalist . 
  i 'm pretty sure it does n't apply to poland . 
  of course it has . 
  germany took around 1mil immigrants in 2015 alone , madame merkel thought others share her insane idea , poles , among others , said hell no to her quota system . 
  schultz gave interview in which he said that if poland does n't want to agree on eu terms ( which are mostly merkel 's & co. terms ) , if necessary , it will be imposed on poland by force . 
  add to this hysteria about dictatorship in poland that german media try to create , with is as stupid as saying germany is nazi country . 
  get your facts straight . 
  the way pis government is dealing with this bullshit is idiotic , like two kids in sandbox , but there is a valid reason they do it . 
  you see splinter in poland 's eye but you ca n't see a tank in germany 's . 
  yes , poland is above it , polish politicians are n't . 
  remember the difference , and do n't copy shit journalists try to do . 
   people are afraid stop . 
  it is relevant . 
  if those crimes are increasing , system does n't work fine . 
  optimal solution would be to drop criminals into ocean , but that is n't possible . 
  yes i do suggest that about removing accountability , but only in case crimes i mentioned are increasing , and being sure you wo n't be prosecuted for shooting criminal is something that helps you to the job . 
   this does not mean that europe is going to experience an islamic takeover or a civil war . 
  not today , not tomorrow . 
  seeing how easily politicians created this immigration crisis ( an i 'm not even speaking about importing democracy to middle-east ) i admire your optimism . 
   this narrative of `` evil muslims '' does n't help anybody . 
  we have to co-exist now . 
  i guess it is no more a matter of choice , though it must be both sides that wants to co-exist . 
  i 'm not even suggesting that right side is solution . 
  some of their ideas , imho , are . 
  considering feelings people may mostly have , it is pretty obvious who will gain the most , politically-wise . 
  do you think people will still believe promises from left side or from those pro-immigrants-no-matter-what ? 
  what about big calibre crime rate ( not crime rate in general ) - homicides , rapes , organized crime groups , trafficking etc. 
  - is it at low rate , decreasing or is it increasing ? 
   number 3 i do understand your concerns , but normally police is n't to be afraid . 
  bad guys are . 
  in case you are afraid of police being trigger happy either you have problems with law , or french police is n't acting like it should . 
  which is it unless there is third way ? 
  hiding that from public is acting against your own citizens . 
  this could be easily put up as treason . 
  this is huge deal . 
  that would be rather insane stance on ~ ~ rapefest ~ ~ sexual-assault-fest that happened in few cities under her government . 
  insane but possible . 
  she is a politician after all . 
   we have local elections in march so `` right side '' will get it all ? 
  happy redditbirthday . 
  edit - it should be a reply to / u/new-atlantis . 
  but what is done is done . 
  have a nice day . 
  ~ ~ do you have any sources for those false reports accusation or is it what you think . 
  i 'm not saying it is impossible , as some people are rotten to the bone , but only seeing what is going on in recent days in germany there would be no need for any false reports to be made . ~ ~ topic is already not red but white-hot , 379 reports from one city can be easily considered attack on local population . 
   cheap manpower maybe ? 
  i know you do n't believe that as this is one of the stupidest reason , and only fool would believe that . 
  there are many culturally compatible already skilled workers eager to work from eastern parts of eu . 
  unemployment in f.e. 
  poland is still above 10 % even considering fact that 2 000 000 + of poles left poland for good since 2004 . 
  we could as well move to other side of europe - spain has 25 % unemployment , or even jump to greece which has even bigger unemployment . 
  there is second bottom to all this or german politics are useless imbeciles which would be fubar . 
  it is like watching conspiracy theory becoming true . 
   well , we have a bit of a different system that ensures that the government can not replace judges at wil same here . 
  judges ca n't be changed at will and are n't . 
  both po and pis have their equal parts in this constitutional tribunal messing . 
  i would say in this case po is even bigger baddie as they appointed two judges upfront , before elections they knew they will loose . 
  having majority in ct would allow them to block every thing legally elected government would want to do . 
  i 'm not saying about whether pis will be trying to force `` good or bad acts '' . 
  this is not up to debate . 
  what is is that po did strictly political and breaking law decision and cries pis is doing the same ( or even worse ) . 
  generation of my parents `` dismantled communism '' ( with great help of us and western money ) , why do you even consider kaczynski could do something that could n't be scrapped ? 
  relax , no one is hurting anyone . 
   schulz is an example of a person that is not powerless . 
  so you see him saying about forcing poland to do something can be infuriating here . 
   does n't change the fact that you are one of the larger states in europe . 
  germany is worse off than poland . 
  true but we are dying out . 
  having many old people , with present pension system , will crumble zus ( social security ) in about 5-10 years . 
  those are not my predictions . 
  as long as that `` germany is worse off than poland . '', 
  wo n't mean germany will directly endanger security of poland i not that concerned what germans , or any other european country citizens will do in their own country . 
  not my country , not my decisions . 
  of course i would wish and want our neighbours to prosper , and poland to prosper along . 
   was n't poland the only country with consistent growth through the whole crisis ? 
  average real , not statistic , net payment in poland now is 500 euro ( exclude it - it is friggin mushroom among wages ) . 
  it was even less back in 2008 . 
  before i quit my last job i was earning less as 7 years experienced civil engineer ( that is still problem with employers in poland ) , thus i 'm planning to do what 2 000 000 + did already - migrate - but it may be too late : / . 
  anyway earning that low you ca n't expect to feel crisis . 
  this and fact we have quite reasonable banking law holding banks from freely giving out credits ( which was the reason for 2008 world financial crisis ) . 
  only fat , seriously fat , cats felt crisis - others heard about it from news . 
  almost nothing changed . 
   there was a vacuum of power and we filled it . 
  maybe in future ... for now there are no such candidates with big enough public support .
