  same as czech and slovak . 
  and ? 
  let it be 50 % . 
  so what ? 
  i assume you meant poland . 
  but withhold those funds . 
  no more infrastructure investments for long time . 
  that 's it . 
  country would survive . 
  you forget that those money are n't money for nothing . 
  they are investment in securing `` new-eu '' countries being able to contribute more than receive to eu budget . 
  2020 and onwards will be hell for poland , because eu funds were n't used as they should be , and even with all those funds atm we are still under the line , but that is n't anyone 's concern . 
  if you meant uk - i think they can manage easier then we think . 
   it would be working fine if everyone actually consulted everyone else . 
  this . 
  your post should be stickied . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
   if they want to go , they 'll go anyways this is the base of whole problem . 
  they should not be able to get in in the first place . 
  not all of them , not at once . 
  why someone downvoted you ? 
  have an upvote for civilised conversation . 
  ah yes , you think that money allows you ( whoever would that be , as i 'm not mean you personally vernazza ) to tell others what to do . 
  here 's the problem - european union is n't buyer-seller transaction . 
  if you want a slave you can look elsewhere . 
  whole of eu will not be responsible of one or few countries doing what they like without having other members agree on those actions . 
  but hey - try to do that . 
   e. except they 'd be headed to poland as a `` second best '' destination . 
  no , they would not , and even if they would they would not be allowed in . 
  do n't try to make germany be local hero taking a burden ( german politicians created ) out of poorer neighbours . 
  sadly german politicians made germany be a bad guy in this story . 
   plus , nobody in poland is starving well ... we are n't somalia , but more than 500 000 kids are under fed to say it at least . 
  there are something like 2 000 000 poles in poland that are between poverty and vegetation . 
  i 'd say those are quite serious numbers . 
  i 'm gon na ignore your gdp comparisons - they say about industry , not about how people are , and at least in this discussion are meaningless . 
  greece 's gdp was at 17,657 in 2015 . 
  poland 's was 12,662 . 
  you still think those numbers mean anything at all in this discussion ? 
   somalian | ... | population exceeds what the current national economy can support stop breeding like rabbits ? 
  if you ca n't feed yourself how can you even think about having kids ? 
  you either will start treating africa like adults or still treat them as retards that ca n't think for themselves , ca n't act for themselves , and make them addicted to international help . 
  this way they will never stand on their own feet . 
  same as it is with free welfare and not-integrating immigrants - they have no need for integration , because , no matter what , they will get free housing and money for nothing . 
  of course some are decent and will integrate , problem are those others . 
  relax , let 's not go that far in future for now . 
   they want automatic and mandatory system of distribution , without need for the countries to agree to each group . 
  that sounds like giving up sovereignty . 
   that 's very very different and a lot more catastrophic i opposed last time , and this is worse , so ...   we needed to show some solidarity of course - send polish soldiers to help with keeping borders tight . 
  send some money for camps outside eu , i 'm fine with that . 
  hell no to showing solidarity to lunacy of few european fell-good politicians . 
  to make it clear - legal immigrants are absolutely no problem for me . 
  let them in . 
  legal ones . 
   it 's much easier to defend yourself why would poland have to defend itself . 
  it was n't poland who brought 1 200 000 `` refuges '' to heart of europe . 
  it was decision of one country , or to be more exact one politician . 
  everybody around was saying that is bad idea , but nooooo i know better . 
   which is some form of comfort . 
  indeed , at least some . 
  we are talking poland here . 
  you seem to forget that some things are obvious in your country , others are not . 
  many times it is exactly the same here , but other way around meaning it would be easy to bring those forced immigrants here but where would they live , where would they work , who would pay for their staying ? 
  next to none communal housing , 10 % atm unemployment thanks to 2 000 000 poles emigrating west , welfare for regular unemployed poles is considered vegetation . 
  how would you see it working ? 
  do i have to say that polish is among hardest languages to learn ? 
  you would have to chain those `` refuges '' to make them stay . 
  it 's is hard enough for poles , and we are considered versatile and easy to adopt . 
  you wo n't feed and pay bills for your family for 400 euro net , and that would be considered next to dream wage for unskilled worker with rather minimal knowledge of polish language . 
  it is being said for months , and yet people do n't want to listen . 
  kopacz agreed on mandatory 7000 . 
  she and rest of po would agree on even more . 
  you know that as every other sane person in poland . 
  but even those christian syrians that came to poland invited by estera foundation are fleeing . 
  from 160 only ca . 
  35 are left , others fled west without even saying good bye . 
   whatever pis will wreck will be able to be fixed pretty quickly . 
  exactly my stance on whole thing that is happening in poland . 
  in case pis will wreck too much and too big they will loose next elections . 
  just say no . 
  what will they do - shout at you ? 
  there 's a difference between agreeing on good idea and disagreeing on some politician 's lunacy ( to think i did have tremendous respect for madame merkel once ... ) - no one signed for backing up self-extermination ideas when joining eu . 
  people should grow a spine . 
  i 'm pretty sure many british may vote on brexit now just to show middle finger . 
  man the border with soldiers . 
  army is for safekeeping their own citizens from others . 
  i do n't recall `` good samaritan '' being stabbed lately . 
  good night . 
  she believed she was helping ... 
  guess sweden knows what it is doing . 
  i 'm just gon na leave this . 
  you could really stop yourself from being sarcastic . 
  did you see yt video of reporter with protagonist asking mayor why he sent police over ? 
  call me a jerk - i do n't see mark as someone that could incite anything related to hate , that could incite anyone at all . 
  harassment and intimidation of a citizen that may seem to be easy pray . 
  not to mention boring to death , but still so much true - `` seems police have no problem with criminals so they take on them `` twitter poster scum '' '' . 
  of course it is . 
  protagonist is white male , so he is bound to be racist and xenophobe and he should be harassed by police . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  thank you . 
  would first one work only for new immigrants or as well on those living in uk for less than 4 years ?
