  it 's somewhat correct idea , but i do n't see how could you deny those benefits to people with permanent job unless you would lower taxes for them for first 4 years . 
  lifting schengen is least that is about to happen . 
  maybe he meant fact that we have 2015 and version of friend finder court ruled about was from 2010 ? 
  or maybe he sees german law bad , and likes facebook that much . 
  / s a little, 
   if you go with stereotypes i try not to . 
  but it is exactly about this . 
  toreon as user toreon ? 
  `` central europe '' would be fine . 
  thanks . 
  so did canadians get contract signed or not ? 
  it 's a geopolitical description left from dark times of the soviet empire . 
  we are in one body called european union last time i checked . 
  you could easily describe us as new-eu or better eeu - eastern eu . 
  we are n't talking about un statistics here . 
  geographically [ poland lies in , if not western , then central europe at most . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geographical_midpoint_of_europe )  it doesnt mean you 're all evil commies . 
  yeah , not every one is evil , right ? 
  do n't forget before that we were evil nazis , as they as well occupied poland . 
   how is the left commonly perceived in your country ? 
  atm - bad . 
  there are two parties who say are left . 
  both of them are almost non-existent in media for now . 
  both are rather unattractive choice . 
  my personal feeling for this moment - in next elections both wo n't get in as well , and we will get another right sided parliament ( whether it will be more or less right depends on few factors ) if trend for happenings in europe will continue . 
  as always biggest problem for pis is pis itself . 
  no , you earned yourself 2k by doing work for your boss , as you signed contract for fixed amount of money per month . 
  your boss started the business , invested some money and time thus he gets more than you . 
  if you do n't like that deal you can ask for rise ( and probably you wo n't get it , but i wish you good luck ) or quit the job ( like many people do , before leaving poland ) . 
  you know what he meant , you know he is right ( taxes are killing industry and service sector ) , you know taxes are poorly managed , when it comes to collecting and spending , and you try to troll . 
  not nice . 
  but mentioning nazi past is a no-no ? 
  and the fact it was n't us who chose the side of the fence should at least make one think about it for a second . 
  romania has industrial amounts of raw gold ( 300 tonnes according to article , like woah ! ), 
  and would let foreigners dig it ? 
  ~ ~ ooookay . ~ ~ edit - a.s.b. 
  apparently not . 
  we have schlongs . 
  and beards . 
  someone is disturbing your privacy without any valid reason and you care about that someone 's feelings ? 
  i would n't be that lenient , as you wrote he asked for it , but i guess it further proves you guys up north are nice  edit - about poop jokes , right , sorry for that . 
  oh yeah , indeed there was such theory here . 
  that would give some more light to it . 
  it is well hidden . 
  story with a twist . 
  nice . 
  would that mean that recent assaults are strictly tied to recent immigration wave ? 
  hmm ... 
  was it that normal in uk ? 
  jailed . 
  keeping that away from public is putting citizens in risk . 
  those characters look so suggestive it would be hard to mistake them with each other . 
  and i 've been only to denmark . 
  brilliant . 
  - not in mood . 
  - ok . '' it is n't that hard , is it ? 
  normally it is enough to look at that peeker to make him/her stop . 
  or simple - `` do you have to stare at me ? '', 
  - said loud enough for others to hear . 
  why make a fool out of yourself ? 
  you need personal space but find `` poop on me '' joke appropriate way ? 
  hmm ... 
  i 'm stunned . 
  i just do n't believe that . 
  it 's above my highest levels of abstraction . 
  where dafuq you took those germans from ? 
  threatening german that cares for germans ? 
  what kind of lunacy is this ? 
   that 's a fucking problem . 
  crazy immigrants is one thing but natives going along is key to ~ ~ domestic ~ ~ civil war . 
  you took it out of my mouth . 
  that person is lost . 
  poor soul . 
  i ca n't decide if it is 2nd or 1st place to live in europe on my list . 
  rich , civilized ( for now at least ) , great road infrastructure , great mountains , 5 hours from croatia . 
  if it was n't for language i 'd definitely consider looking for job and permanent stay there . 
  `` do n't print these or that or people will know . '' ? 
  fine example . 
  at that precise moment anglo-saxons ruled something like half of the world so he was pretty much right . 
   so why would germany be at fault , and not other countries that may vote for it ? 
  german eu mps are most active ones atm with schultz being leader of this ( some of your politicians officially say he is like being in amok ) . 
  keep at least schultz at bay and pis wo n't have it that easy . 
  it becomes more and more probable that this attack was to move public opinion from immigrant crisis . 
  how real or stupid would that be cologne reminded europe that there are real problems elsewhere . 
  timeline please and it should be clear . 
  it 's polish , you could at least respect her . 
  ibris survey ? 
  my friendly advice - do n't believe in ordered result surveys . 
  another thing is it is only two months since elections and poles do forget easily - po with their shady doings got 20 % ... 3 years is long time . 
  i 've shown you example in which it is different prices for each eu country , and you write it is n't that way . 
  somehow it is . 
  thanks to eu not being united in this matter and polish politics being lousy poland pays 30 % more for russian gas than f.e. 
  germany does . 
  i asked legit questions . 
  exactly . 
   the uk will not be negotiating with countries , but with the eu . 
  russia sells oil and gas for different prices to different countries inside eu . 
  why would it be any different with uk ? 
  because those commodities have some special status ? 
  yeah .
