  simple as that . 
  german politicians do not own eu , and if they think they do other countries can overrule them , change the law to be more aligned with reality and go on with project called eu . 
  if i could n't care less i could care less . 
  i was in cinema to see `` spotlight '' on sunday , i 'm going to see `` deadpool '' on wednesday . 
  `` they will get my money '' three days later . 
  in the end deadpool will gain a lot of $ $ $ from poland , but bash us for listening to our women on valentine 's day !, 
  you insensitive greedy materialists you . 
  if i would care a bit more than i care less than i care i would simply say `` fu i will watch it online '' . 
  fcuktards telling me what should i spend my money on . 
  but seriously this article is for real ? 
  seriously ? ... 
  k , have a nice day then . 
   `` there are so many foreigners in my country , sometimes i feel like a stranger in my country '' 29 % poles agreed with it . 
  my question would be what poland do interviewed poles live in ? 
  `` ikea in gda\u0144sk '' poland or `` chopin airport in warsaw '' poland ? 
  i do know a few people around poland , young , old , big cities , rural areas and none of them would say he/she feels alienated because of `` so many '' foreigners around . 
  what foreigners ? 
   `` who should be in charge of migration policies ? '', 
  according to this study 60 % poles said eu only , 24 % poland only , and 18 % that both should . 
  oh come on , seriously ? 
  where did they take that poll - in po headquarter ? 
  even there they would not get those numbers . 
  other results are not that far from average , so i will pass on them . 
  i do n't know about bartelmans stiffung - are they good , bad at what they are doing - i do n't need to . 
  but what i need to know is something about methodology of this study ( what method , when exactly in each country , what parts of country , which cities , etc. 
  ) , there is nothing about amount of people taking this poll in each country , and why figures/detailed numbers are about only six biggest eu countries . 
  why is there no details about belgium , denmark , sweden , finland , austria or hungary ? 
  what about greece and other countries ? 
  11410 europeans were interviewed . 
  it is avg . 
  of 408 per country . 
  bartelman want to form an opinion of whole country interviewing up to 0,02 % country 's population ( i took slovenia and it 's 2m population as reference , it would be even lower percentage for bigger countries ) and 0,002 % of total eu population . 
  seems to be legit . 
  i would not consider this study to be representative and valuable . 
  great that you pointed out the article , that is in german . 
  anyway thanks for link . 
  you sure you meant to answer my post in this thread ? 
  no , it is n't dumb . 
   why look at finding reductions in one of the smaller pieces of the pie ? 
  because it is the easiest . 
  all you need to do is eat less meat . 
   the money spent in trying to reduce meat/dairy consumption in the eu would be far better spent reducing the use of coal in china for example . 
  now that is dumb . 
  without china approval you will do nothing . 
  second - i 'd prefer those money to stay in europe : f.e. 
  subsidize fishery . 
  anyway - you want a change , then start from yourself . 
  being meat eater i like that animation . 
  good job . 
  seriously . 
  i beg to differ . 
  if you come from cannibalistic culture you must be checked if you are eligible to live in non-cannibalistic culture . 
  else you will get in and eat your neighbours . 
  germany and few other european countries made the mistake you would want to make , and they are `` raping '' what they sow . 
   i 'll make sure i res tag him then as a troll . 
  imo he is n't . 
  i checked his posts ( tbh two sites of them only ) and he seems pretty logical person , with which i could agree on 80 + % things , but it 's up to you to decide . 
   going pretty swell . 
  that 's good to hear . 
  i think i could use some of that `` cold '' here  current winter is being bleh , with no snow and temperature going around +2 c , and as much as i like cold and snowy winters ( and we had one like that in my region like 4-6 years ago , i hate what we have now ) i 'd would surely like more sun outside . 
  goodnight mr kanarooman :p, 
  eu share many ideas , that 's a fact , but politically correct issues will never make us united to a point when federation is possible . 
  seeing how germany does n't respect it 's citizens and other eu states ( considering only immigration crisis merkel created , without mentioning other ideas ) how can you even suggest federation ? 
  bind together and be fucked up by feelgood german politicians - thank you very much , i 'll pass . 
  in present form it wo n't happen . 
  maybe among franco-german area . 
  maybe . 
  check / u/risingashes posts . 
  for some time he got me as well . 
  how is summer in happyland ? 
   29 % of poles feel alienated in their own country . 
  unless you were n't trolling , source please . 
  edit - he was n't trolling . 
  that silly number is indeed in that arguable study . 
   i do n't understand why they do n't take these offers to be relocated to countries such as poland welfare is non existent compared to west of us . 
  those are not refuges , but economical immigrants . 
  period . 
  blunt weapons and knives . 
  and they do n't . 
  you are free to ask for permission to move to other side of the border . 
  i 'm really concerned about journalism in germany . 
  it is n't funny any more when main media deliberately try to bend reality to their own politically correct liking . 
  germans must have their bullshit resistance quite high . 
  i do n't think it will benefit you my western neighbours . 
  oh come on mate - he was being sarcastic . 
  you knew that . 
  on ze double !, 
  on serious note - mp saying `` but birds fly over borders ... '' / facepalm, 
  after watching this are you satisfied with results ( just this movie , as i 'm pretty sure it is n't like that in general in romania , or is it ) ? 
  thanks for links . 
  russian ones were kinda scary as so many people did not react at all even with numbers on their side , and it was quite much opposite to what i expected . 
  about polish ones i 'm not going to comment , thou it share some similarities with swedish video . 
  one thing i strongly miss in those movies ( in linked by me as well ) is simple statistic - what day of the week , how long were they filming and how many acts ended with proper reaction . 
  ... and that blind policeman ... : /, 
  [ actual link ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=mfayu87agae ) i apologize for lack of reddit skills . 
  link to yt , but i wrote text as well , thus it came text only . 
  need to learn more . 
  thanks , of course you are right . 
  i assume it ca n't be undone now , can it ? 
  wolves and bears are n't muslim and like meat , so you know ...
