  in some of those countries there are areas where even police does n't want to show up . 
  again - not every muslim is disrespecting europe . 
  people thinking like you made it happen . 
   he is still a muslim . 
  but yes it does highlight a lot of the problems we have with muslims in europe . 
  we need to fight and help the liberal muslims , not shun and push them into the hands of `` fundamentalist/conservative '' muslims , which is what rhetoric like yours will lead to . 
  and no one is calling him to change his faith . 
  he is good example of how muslims treat those among them that want to go by the european spirit . 
  you want to help liberals ? 
  how exactly , doing what ??? 
  liberals are n't the problem , they need no help from ostracism radical muslim give them . 
  radicals are the problem . 
  it is people like you who push those liberals in hands of radicals because you give radicals freedom they need to force others to bow to their sick ideas . 
  rhetoric like yours , of let 's allow them to do everything they want , created all the problems with immigrants europe has today . 
  if there would be strict rules set before them they would feel they have to integrate or else they wo n't stay for long . 
  allowing immigrants to act like they are still in their home countries , countries they fled from , allowing them to create parallel societies , allowing them to disrespect law , giving them money for nothing does not solve the problem europe is facing . 
  it is increasing it a lot with every passing year . 
   according to you muslim/middle eastern immigration leads to more crime . 
  not in general . 
  it led to increase in f.e rapes . 
   my country and a lot of europe has gotten safer since the start of muslim immigration . 
  in general yes . 
  if there are 5 thieveries and 5 rapes it gives total 10 crimes . 
  if you will reduce thievery to 1 and do nothing about rapes reduction of crime will be huge - 40 % . 
  linked article about crime in england says in general exactly that . 
   do you think this is the first time europe has dealt with middle eastern immigration ? 
  that sudden and ill organized - yes . 
   so according to you if 1 muslim immigrant out of 10 million committed a crime it would have counted as europe being burnt ? 
  of course not . 
   the majority of muslims in europe are also not criminals and they pay tax . 
  it is n't as bad as you make it out to be . 
  i never ever said every or majority of muslims are bad . 
  in this case i am far from generalizing as xenopobic brits try to say same shit about poles in uk . 
  they are right when it comes to less than 0,5 % of polish population in uk , and imho they should kick all the free loaders and criminals back to poland . 
  i see no problem with that . 
  i 'm pro immigrant but only when it comes to legal immigration , and when immigrants integrate and by that i mean they have work and are not freeloading , not to mention committing crimes . 
  i could n't care less about their skin colour or religion . 
  in any case if you are immigrant troublemaker there is no place for you here . 
   just the problems are grossly exaggerating to the point that people feel unsafe for the it is this or there is a real problem . 
  your word against other . 
   we 're going to be fine as my statistics have shown you . 
  they have n't . 
  besides one concerning uk from 03.2015 , which is n't that optimistic ( part of the article i cited ) nothing else proves your point about being safe . 
  terrorist attacks , incidents like nye in germany ( and other multiculti countries as well ) show europe is n't how you would want to it to be . 
  of course you may be right , it may all be hysteria created by massmedia and i , among many others , may be wrong . 
   you 'll eat your words in a year . 
  let 's hope so . 
  for now problems foretold year before are happening . 
  ever heard of [ thermopylae ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_thermopylae ) ? 
  count every bunker as mini version of it . 
  edit - formatting . 
  would n't it matter the most that germans were far better trained and motivated ? 
  you underestimate [ soviet technical minds ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wihbvfapht4 ), 
   that is how many countries do design and build bridges do you have some source on that ? 
  it sounds interesting , and i never heard about this . 
  please post something from at least second half of 2015 . 
  only 2nd link from guardian could be treated as fresh enough and says something about uk crime rate falling in general when you put petty crimes ( like thievery which dropped significantly ) in bag with serious ones , and the cherry from the end of the article :   reports of violent crime have increased by a fifth , sexual offences by over 30 % and reports of rape by 40 % . 
  yet the police are unable to cope and more criminals are getting away with these serious crimes . '' that does n't seem to be so optimistic , do n't you think ? 
  it 's kinda against your optimism and covers uk only not entire europe . 
  another thing is there was a big influx of immigrants lately . 
  i 'd say we should wait a year to check back on crime rates statistics . 
   my mother was assaulted randomly by a group of guys of turkish ethnicity . 
  my apologies . 
  you wrote `` we have not been burnt . '', 
  back in other post . 
  what you write now excludes each other . 
  not to mock your mother 's being assaulted - are you jesus perhaps ? 
  you personally have been burnt , why deny it ? 
  because of `` randomly '' ? 
  no one else attacked your mother . 
   because it seems that way if you got all your information from the media . 
  hardly . 
  i understand written danish if i must , but i do n't read your newspapers . 
  polish media are n't keen on what is going on in denmark as well . 
  as i wrote before i have few friends living and working in denmark , i have few that does it occasionally . 
  it were their opinions and opinion from native danes they talked with . 
  fact all of them noticed the problem speaks for itself . 
  anyway if you say it is all fine i wish you best of luck with keeping that opinion . 
  you should see a problem where it lies not create one in exchange . 
   because going against your own `` community '' can be quite hard they have to choose if they want to be in european community or that other community . 
  choice is simple . 
  road to problems they ran from is always open , they can go back . 
  [ edit ] - or emigrate in case they were born in europe . 
   look at how much hate someone like maajid nawaz gets from fellow muslims . 
  good for him for choose europen side ( thou his past will hunt him forever ) . 
  says much about `` fellow muslims '' . 
   crime rates are falling all over europe . 
  1 - source please . 
  2 - we are n't talking about natives committing crimes ( which is bad as well ) . 
   we have not been burnt . 
  you personally have n't been burnt . 
   its safer than ever to live in denmark . 
  it has not been a total success but it has not been the total disaster some people make it out to be . 
  i heard different from many that live in denmark , althou you know better assuming you are danish as you mentioned denmark . 
  your words about not been burnt are in contradiction with what danish government did with welfare . 
  true , but if you allowed sharia law in uk , even as `` form of out-of-court mediation for civil suits only '' you are allowing everything else related with it . 
  you mistake lunatics with civilised people , because only such individuals want to use sharia law in europe . 
   which in a way makes your stance on refugees even more ridiculous i know putting hand in fire will hurt me , thou i never been burnt . 
  for once we do not want to copy mistakes western europe did . 
   we need liberal muslims to speak the loudest in this fight .
