  those are national problems . 
  those are problems that arose from rich countries being rich , from mistaking tolerance with ignorance and thinking non-european culture has same values as european does . 
  there is a reason why countries east from germany , austria and italy have no problems with mentioned communities and you know well what is the reason ( s ) . 
   towards nordsteam | ... | if not , that would indeed be a despicable lack of solidarity . 
  no offence but germany plays for germany , at the end it is always national interest . 
  poland is nowhere near russia when it comes to economic links . 
  i understand that . 
  in this case solidarity with poland is n't exactly in germany 's interest thus there was/is none . 
   you also can not get welfare here | ... | yet those people travel towards germany like moth to the light . 
  that 's because it is worth to try and if it will fail it will still be better to be in germany and not in f.e. 
  poland about which they probably know nothing or heard bad things ( well they hear that now for sure ) . 
  eu-citizens getting welfare in another eu country is bad . 
  they should be moved back to country they came from if their right to welfare comes only from fact they are eu-citizens and not from fact they have worked there and are empowered to receive welfare . 
   i also do n't understand how you conciliate | ... | it 's not fear . 
  i will be outraged if it will happen . 
  i do n't recall saying every `` refuge '' will flee . 
  if i did or if you understood it this way , it was generalisation or i wrote it wrong . 
  some will probably stay and in that case it can be what follows -  it 's simple - 12 000 now is more later ( excluding another quotas that will surely follow ) . 
  ~ 60 000 is max . 
  from 12k many will move back , some may stay ( i did n't say that skilled people wo n't find a job or their own place in society , such people will be unwelcome only by right wing fanatics , we do have non-eu economic immigrants in poland , among which are f.e. 
  doctors ) . 
   in ppp poland is already one of the richer countries in the world sure , when we talk about statistics . 
  official average monthly salary for 2014 is ~ 1000 euro before tax , which gives ~ < 650 euro net . 
  data for this is gathered from maybe 20 % of working people ( businesses that hire more than 9 persons ) , rest is not taken . 
  in reality median is lower than 400euro net , minimal payment which sadly is `` very popular '' is less than 250euro . 
  yeah , we are among richest countries in the world , but statistics and reality are very often different from each other . 
  fact our ppp is `` that big '' does n't mean we are obliged to share it with those with lower ppp . 
  if that is ok with you let 's end it here , i think we got to a point where no arguments will move us in any direction . 
  if you have something to add please do , i will not respond . 
  as usually `` point of view depends on place you sit at '' . 
  it was nice talking to you . 
  have a nice day . 
   count as solidarity uhm , it 's the eu rules and agreements , i would n't call that solidarity . 
   as for nordstream , as far as i understood it was built because we did n't want to be a pawn in russia 's conflicts with ukraine . 
  | ... | i 'm not entirely certain why you criticise it . 
  it bypasses poland , latvia , liethuania and estonie which are in eu last time i checked and makes them vulnerable for putin 's moods . 
  economic reasons - there are no calculations afaik . 
  besides obvious lack of transit fees ( which were never discussed ) cost of cleaning baltic from ww2 leftovers , cost of damage to baltic ecosystem are unknown . 
  difference between actual sea and theoretical land route is unknown . 
  where do you see solidarity in that because most see simple business between schroeder and putin . 
  nord stream 2 projext will bypass mentioned countries as well , it will be investigated by eu in coming days , and some eu politics call ns2 a treason to eu solidarity . 
  it is business , harsh reality , but please do n't bring up `` solidarity '' because germany is n't really showing it to it 's eu partners . 
   the point is that according to the dublin regulation that poland signed , the member state in which the asylum seeker sets his first foot on european soil is responsible for accommodation and processing . 
  so if we really wanted to enforce it , we could sent all refugees coming via eastern eu states back and said states would be legally required to provide for them . 
  exactly . 
  if germany would do that , those refuges would be sent back to hungary , hungary would try to create some kind of refuge camps , for which whole europe would probably give money , as that would be logical reason , and that would stop people from thinking they can easily get to central eu or , knowing orban 's view on the matter , those people would receive papers very fast and they would move to germany , france , sweden and so on to get welfare you graciously offer , because hungary would give him sooo much less , and in case hungary would have to somehow stop them , probably riots would start , and aftermath of that would be border sealed tight with those pseudo refuges being kicked out . 
  normal refuge registration with background check would happen , and all besides fake refuges would be satisfied . 
   i 'm also not sure why you always assume that everyone coming is an economic refugee.they may be the majority but there are still hundred of thousands that fulfil the requirements to be recognized as refugees well if you are real refuge , you seek a safe place . 
  when you find it you stay there . 
  if you move onward because f.e. 
  poland does n't give that much money for work you are becoming economic immigrant . 
  i disagree with that hundred of thousands . 
  many of those `` refuges '' come from balkans , african safe countries or other safe places . 
  and please do n't bring up european standards of safe . 
  then you will host half the world . 
   as to the real economic refugees , they will likely be the majority of the 12 000 that would be assigned to poland and everyone would be okay with deporting them as soon as possible . 
  so , yeah 12 000 is likely not to be more than 12 000 in the long run . 
  `` likely '' ' is not `` will be '' . 
  time to receive decision about being refuge can take up to 1 year - i know , i know , it 's poland 's problem  , true true , but if we are to get people that are unable and/or unwilling ( and as reality shows this will be reason most of the time ) to stay why bother to bring them in in a first place and , in such lost case , waste money ? 
  it 's ok . no worries   there is n't a country in europe that could legally refuse him . 
  other refugees may not have a right to stay but they have a right to due process . 
  combine that with our recent problems with right wing terrorists and she does n't really have a choice but to sound welcoming . 
  i guess there is that law , but they do not come to poland to receive asylum . 
  i think you know why . 
  as for right wing extremists - welcoming those `` refuges '' is increasing right wing problem , not decreasing it , so i am not sure what you meant by that . 
   if there is no such agreement the schengen-area wo n't persist and we close our borders or the very least go back to enforcing the dublin regulation . 
  given that poland does indeed have an exterior border and you might actually get more refugees that way . 
  i assure you we will not . 
  they will still go to germany , france , sweden or will try to get to uk . 
  those are economic immigrants and compared to west poland , romania , bulgaria , hungary , czech , slovakia has nothing to offer . 
  so bringing shengen down will be a small problem to us and old eu governments know that perfectly . 
  most poles going abroad , even inside eu have passports . 
  border checks ? 
  - bring them , nothing wrong with them . 
   so is it really that much to ask that all countries do at least something to handle this issue ? 
  junker 's plan would have assigned 12000 refugees to poland . 
  yes it is that much and it is 12 000 now , more will come next year . 
  assuming all those 12 000 will stay in poland ( and they wo n't as refuges from this crisis are already fleeing from poland , after getting secured job , housing and so on . 
  that literally pisses people off because there are tens of thousands polish repatriates that are waiting to be brought back to poland , 3 millions of poles left poland because poland was n't taking care of them and now poland would take care for total strangers ? ), 
  they will bring their relatives somewhere in the future . 
  some statistics say that it is up to 6 people per one refuge . 
  taking safe number of 4 it gives us not 12 000 but 60 000 . 
  like 12 000 is not enough . 
  again we are not rich country with huge national debt and no responsibility for those `` refuges '' . 
   you 're right , poland has n't signed any treaty forcing it to take in refugees from other eu countries , but if the eu can not show solidarity and adept in situations like this , standing agreements may be called into question as well . 
  yes , it may happen . 
  should germany help poles in case we would provoke putin ? 
  hell no . 
  and btw - what solidarity you talk about ? 
  nordstream 1 and nordstream 2 is showing solidarity to poland , hmmm ? 
   that can be understood as asking people to give up their identity i disagree . 
  if being christian i would force muslim to celebrate xmas you would be right . 
  but this is not the case and i never said such thing . 
  i meant that if you are a guest in some country you must abide their culture and traditions in meaning there is no way for you not to tolerate them . 
  muslim may not like that women in europe wear skirts , they have absolutely no right to complain about it and even less to deny europeans that law . 
  no one forced them to come to european culture ring . 
  they are free to pray to allah , and do as they want inside their houses . 
  after going out they must get used to the fact europe is not muslim . 
  if they ca n't live with that no one forces them to stay . 
  on the other side we as their hosts are obliged to introduce them to our culture , traditions and law .
