   that 's why poland insisted on taking only those with ids . 
  if they all would be granted asylum rights then ids would be meaningless . 
  and ? 
  why do you write obvious things like that ? 
   he went on to claim that we should accept that muslims `` see the world differently from the rest of us f.e. 
  women are `` untermensch '' . 
  no integration then . 
  it will be interesting season . 
  hmm . . afair grandparents are relatives , so visa for them should be even easier obtainable . 
  i guess it 's something other then . 
  thanks, 
  do you have border controls between provinces ? 
  it is the same for usa , and same for schengen area in european union . 
  you are being check thoroughly at the airport , that 's all . 
  of course not for long , as schengen is going bye bye soon . 
  was there some other reason than `` i do n't like your hair . '', 
   people ca n't put in a bank account the equivalent of 3000 cad are you sure it is a problem for average `` westerner '' to have ca . 
  2000 euro on his bank account ? 
  it seems rather small amount considering wages . 
  return ticket to ontario from berlin can be bought as cheap as 600 euro ( half that if you will look for bargain ) . 
  is it really that much ? 
  what 's up with others ? 
  sadly it is n't about working/permanent stay . 
  it 's only for tourists . 
  of course it should be same for both sides . 
  you will need to pass the whole process for work/stay canadian visa anyway . 
  how many us visa applications ( tourist ? 
  work ? 
  permanent stay ? ), 
  was there from our side lately ? 
   * well , besides that we still exceed yours rejection rate limit ( 10 % someone may be jerk in embassy . 
  just saying . 
  some cold water , thanks . 
   sounds kinda strong for something based on your assumptions alone . 
  i see nothing strong in it . 
  po intentions were very clear in that matter . 
  starting from 2000 immigrants and ending at 7000 is n't most promising indicator of how it would go further . 
   when was last time v4 did something meaning full ? | ... | goal was achieved , group lost its sense . 
  group never lost it sense . 
  it 's a part of greater thing , mi\u0119dzymorze . 
  it is century old idea , but i do n't think such alliance is outdated . 
  was there any event needing great cooperation of v4 ? 
  there is a chance of getting closer , i 'd say it 's good thing . 
  i 'd love for same thing to happen with rest of europe , as we face this crisis , but it does n't look like it ( politically-wise of course ) . 
  maybe uk , maaaaaybe . 
   poland get pretty ok deal . 
  it was n't pretty `` ok deal '' . 
  we wo n't agree here . 
   italy asked for help since jan last year . 
  can you please link me something ? 
  all i found is they asked and nothing . 
  besides that , excluding fact that most probably italy was silenced by pc eu politicians , italy asked for help when poland was under kopacz government , which you somehow try to defend . 
  it would be interesting if italy and greece as well would ask now . 
  i would not bet the outcome thou . 
   and those hundred of thousands people who are in italy it 's italy 's problem alone ? 
  just if italy would be any more at fault then poland in this . 
  i responded to that before , not going to do that again . 
  and no - i see no fault in italy . 
   and this is where poland and other countries needs to show support . 
  you can not expect greece to be able to handle 1mln applications . 
  can you ? 
  exactly . 
  with applications we can help with translators , as we have a few polish one at least ( and some more from operations in middle east ) . 
  no , i do n't expect greece to do that alone , especially in time they have their own economic crisis . 
   also how do you expect to build a camp for 1mln people ? 
  100 x 10 000 person camps ( maybe bigger if possible ) . 
  that is pretty much doable . 
  especially if we consider both greece and italy . 
   poland were suppose to process mere 7k . 
  poland is supposed to take in mandatory 7k for good , not only process their applications . 
  if only processing would be the case i would see only few problems , which could be easily solved . 
   polish government secure enforcing this common sense and you call it incompetent . 
  having to enforce something obvious is silly and plain irrational . 
  i 'm not going to write again about incompetence . 
  you think that only possible outcome of those october ( ? ), 
  talks was taking immigrants . 
  i think that there was another way - not taking any . 
   it is just an assumption on your side . 
    i 'm basing my assumption on previous policy line of po . 
  i already stated that . 
  did you care to read ? 
   v4 is some virtual group that lost its merits years ago . 
  says you . 
   why poland should be constrained with theirs ? 
  problem we face here is polish problem as well . 
  ( on a side note - being hostile towards russia , when almost everybody around sleeps with big bear , is utterly stupid . ), 
   in other words ... screw you italy , screw you greece you are on your own . 
  in other words you are a troll without ability to understand written word , no ? 
  i wrote how this should be done , and i never wrote `` screw them '' , exactly the opposite , but it becomes more clear you are ignoring that on purpose and try to derail . 
   i am not for accepting huge number of migrants . 
  you do n't really show that . 
   but those who are already in italy and greece have right to apply for asylum according to current laws . 
  so what 's your plan ? 
  simple - stop treating them like better sort of citizens . 
  they are not better nor citizens . 
  round them up , put those that are already in greece and italy in some remote areas in refuge camps under strict military guard and process their asylum applications from there . 
   you talk about solidarity with v4 but what about solidarity with other partners of ours ? 
  again you show you either do n't understand written word or you are deliberately trying to derail discussion . 
  solidarity with v4 does not exclude solidarity with other eu partners . 
  it seems you think it is impossible , and yet it is possible .
