  problem is that hitler lost war , stalin was `` triumphant '' , and even while his sick mind killed up to 30\u00a0000\u00a0000 people ( edit - again , depending on sources , some say about `` only '' 20m ) , he is n't that much hated like hitler is . 
   just did it . 
  100 % putin . 
  it 's is hard not to respect him . 
  please ... they would n't know how . 
  on the other hand there may be `` big power off '' button hidden somewhere ... 
  you seem to miss reason and logic . 
  normal people do not join murderous organizations . 
  every sane person knows from beginning isis is insane , murderous and fanatical shithole . 
  shit pulls other shit . 
  some people join them willingly , leaving all the comfort europe has to offer . 
  bringing them back is showing you can go , kill people , and get back because `` you made up your mind , and it 's not for you '' . 
  this would be your `` pr gold '' . 
  let them rot there . 
  that would be pr gold they would understand . 
  you want another pr gold - instant stripping welfare off their families . 
  none would leave , families would not allow for that . 
  you are right . 
  i was 100 % sure saudis are in vwp , and i could swear i read about it . 
  apparently i did n't . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
   you make it sound like the polish were the brave and wise ones in this case he did not even remotely suggest that . 
  it was targeted at us , and only us . 
  last time i remember netherlands were not part of us . 
  it meant that even considering many around were saying us is doing wrong , poland , as faithful ally and friend backed , in good faith , us on the claim and helped later on . 
  at that point of history attack on iraq was justified - wmds are pretty dangerous . 
  we know now that c.i.a lied to the world about saddam possessing wmds . 
  luckily polish forces were n't part of main combat group . 
  only literally few covert ops from grom were undertaken . 
  after defeating saddam 's forces polish contingent was doing peacekeeping ( i will pass on how good or bad it was at it ) . 
  we do n't brag about it , because there is nothing to brag about , as besides 22 polish soldiers dead , combat experience for few thousands of polish soldiers , in general we got nothing out of iraq . 
  ~ ~ as an ally poles need visa to visit us in comparison to saudis , who back isis and stir shit in countries with sunni muslims immigrants and such people have free entrance to uncle sam 's country . 
  this is what he wrote about . ~ ~ edit - saudis do need a visa as well , but at least poles are n't trying to spread terror . 
  `` second iraq '' was a friggin mistake . 
  i 'd say there 's great chance that in two months you will see for yourself . 
  check last decade for poland if you want to see demographic catastrophe . 
  it is still going south . 
  eat it wrong way ? 
  do they do it through anus ? 
  it 's food and as long as you eat it using mouth and teeth you are doing it correctly . 
  original from kleine zeitung had . 
  16 year old criminals that deserve to have their head high-speed-meet with wall . 
  those were anything but boys . 
  only 2 of them ? 
  unless bus was full of old people , women and children - shame on people inside bus . 
  6 people could simply push themselves on those two and sit on them till police would come . 
  eh ... next time react , shout , this usually throws people out of that paralyzed state of disbelieving they are taking part in such situation . 
  if that would n't work , community you live in is already lost and you may as well stop thinking about it . 
  yes , you 're right , but i 'm sure it will pass . 
  too late . 
  luckily cameron got his deal . 
  of course you can . 
  just have good arguments to back it up . 
  kalm arrrgh !, 
  `` town took it 's name from viking battlecry . '', 
  - that would be a nice genesis for kalmar , 
  hehehe good one , 
  and you 're right about it . 
  could you please give some reliable source for that or should i look for it myself ? 
  you should 've then . 
  i have no problem with grammar nazis , especially when they are correct . 
  so thank you - i will remember `` misuse '' for sure . 
  / it really looks that bad : /, 
  government controlled tvp and pr ( radio ) were like that in poland since always thus german concern about them after pis won was simple hypocrisy . 
  private media are untouched and more or less present same reality , no matter the side . 
  now i was referring to your private media . 
  afaik you can either increase toll for asian made electronics or drastically lower wages for those that would be working in electronic factories in europe . 
  of course we do have some factories with `` cheap '' electronics in europe , one is not that far from me actually ( i live in poland ) - it 's lg making tv factory - and people there earn ~ 400-500 euro . 
  in asia factory workers , for now , earn less . 
  add `` better '' law to that as well . 
  other than that europe creates sophisticated electronics , which are quite expensive . 
  aye , with extensive help from other eu members that could be done , and greece could benefit from this . 
  merkel did worst thing that could be done . 
  v4 being afraid to name solution ? 
  seems we live in different realities mate as orban alone , without judging him , was giving solutions for more than a year now , but `` progressive '' part of eu knew better . 
  well written chain . 
  ~ ~ miss use ~ ~ misuse of up/downvote button is strong among redditors . 
  just saying , without judging parent post . 
  to be fair i would n't say it is german only problem unless you were referring to last year . 
  i 'm glad people do n't really care about reading twice . 
  just proved my point . 
  while putting last dot i assumed even less than what it was when you wrote so it 's all good . 
  you misunderstood me . 
  those that have sth against portrayed situation are economic migrants . 
  personally i do believe some of those people are genuine refuges . 
  your eyes deceive you . 
  some of us are better looking ? 
  scratch polish president . 
  he has some power tools , but it is pm who deals cards in poland . 
  bring him on and stand in line . 
   that everybody is afraid of . 
  no person from sane country with armed forces is afraid of such situation . 
  you can talk with rioting citizens . 
  you should use excessive force on rioting foreigners in your own country , especially on rioting foreigners that claim they seek safe heaven . 
  many people , not only in germany , are stupid enough to believe in that bullshit about insufficient workforce because of ageing societies and the need of immigrants . 
  if that would be true , and their actions would be true they would get immigrants from inside eu first . 
  friggin plenty of them in central/eastern eu . 
  next we have eastern south eastern parts of europe outside of eu . 
  there is no need to import people from africa or middle east . 
  they should not as long as they have pair of balls and a spine to say `` no '' .
