  maybe in poland they have dictatorship and all the horrible things he/she mentions . 
  i 'm glad i am polish , and there are no such things in poland . 
   try to imitate the germans and become [ biggest ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/greenhouse_gas_emission_statistics ) ( over 1/5 of all greenhouse gas in eu ! ), 
  producer of greenhouse gases despite those ? 
  yea , maybe some other day . 
  and our neighbors as well from what i recall . 
  before video games , `` saga o wied\u017aminie '' had been translated for few other languages , thou english was n't among them , and was already quite popular in our neighborhood . 
  you still have 5 months . 
  back in 2014 . 
  this protest is quite small so hardly `` poles '' . 
  you get more people to watch football match tbh . 
  that 's a lovely map . 
  but they stockpile in france . 
  that 's very rude . 
  atm imho if army is with him nothing can be done to stop this madness . 
  maybe this is what turkish citizens , bigger part of them , want . 
  yeah , but awkward erdogan level ? 
  this is english language we are using and capital letter rule concerning nations and nationalities is simple . 
  i will care for french language and it 's rules during discussion in language of pierre curie . 
  ouch ... 
  ah - to sit nearby and fish with a rod . 
  mmmmmmm ... 
  kinda scary . 
  ~ ~ calais ? ~ ~ edit - let me rephrase that - roads in calais leading to shipping terminal and ferry ? 
  against bandits , not against protesters . 
  those people are simply bandits and they are fully aware of what they are doing . 
  you can protest as much as you like if you 're doing that peacefully , but once you start to destroy area around you , like those bandits do , you should be dealt with brute force . 
  unlucky for us among those protesting you have imbeciles defending bandits so it makes it that harder . 
  and again with strawman . 
  typical . 
  i 'll try to ely5 - before marriage her name was maria sk\u0142odowska . 
  she married mr curie , but she did not remove her family surname , thus her surname , by her wish was sk\u0142odowska -- curie . 
  / you may skip this -  / she lived and made her research in france , and if you have n't noticed she called that one element in the name of which country ? 
  obvious thing is that she lived in france and she researched in france because at that time not only poland was scrapped from face of europe , but doing research she did would be next to impossible if she would stay in , at that moment , non-existing poland . 
  like paderewski she was one of the few famous poles who did quite a lot in case of polish independence and poland as a country coming back to life/end of skip / . 
  france was her second home , and there is no doubt about this . 
  to sum this up - she was first and foremost sk\u0142odowska , and curie was second making her surname sk\u0142odowska-curie . 
  by calling her different you shame her . 
  fact you wrote `` polish '' without using capital letter proves that maybe you salute to her work but absolutely not to her as a person . 
  it seems same goes for `` france '' . 
  holy shit dude , should i call you by your surname or as i want ? 
  learn to understand written word . 
  keep your strawman to yourself please . 
  woah , i found it !, 
  cheers from rovinj ( 2 more days ) . 
  actually you shame her , because her surname was sk\u0142odowska-curie , not by our choosing but by hers . 
  her family surname was first as she was proud woman and proud pole . 
  but yeah , go on , do your stuff . 
  what can i say - character in that quotation have no idea what kind of device he or she poses . 
  then again why would she/he ? 
  1st world problems . 
  fully agreed . 
  good argument as well , but ... british in general do n't know how rich country they are , so i would n't compare ignorance of quite wealthy british to relatively poor african or asian having his life goal set on getting to europe by any means necessary and passing mediterranean is quite vital and important part of that voyage . 
  they will know that they will not be accepted , do n't worry . 
  yes i can live with people making stupid decisions - it is their life and they are free to make decisions . 
  you can live with that as well . 
  europe and it 's well-being did not pop out in one night . 
  accepting all immigrants is not the solution , it is just mere reaction , bad one in my opinion . 
  core of a problem is in africa , so any and all help should be happening there . 
  good start would be stopping various governments from meddling in that part of the world . 
  next would be to allow people there to live as they want , not as we see it fit . 
  their life , their choices . 
  are you for real ? 
  close ports for those boats and stop with fucking ferry from libyan coast thing . 
  deport already on ground . 
  if you want to be masochist , be it your way , but throwing problems you created ( and by that i mean letting those immigrants on italian soil , not effin up me , that goes on us , france and gb ) on others is a no-no . 
  yes , yes i know - `` i am heartless racist '' yada yada yada . 
  they do posses/have access ( to ) smartphones . 
  hehe love the landscape in that game . 
  hell on earth when it comes to vision of the world , but those monumental concrete constructions ... 
  marshall plan . 
  without help from usa germany would be nowhere near where it is now . 
  and if you would like to counter - compare western and eastern part of germany . 
  differences are still visible up to this day . 
  not only materially but mentally as well . 
  luckily only half of germany was under soviet occupation . 
  other nations were n't that lucky . 
  terrific and terrifying at the same time . 
  personally i love such massive concept art . 
  center of berlin from `` man in the high castle '' tv series is monumental . 
  maybe you . 
  edit - uh , i just noticed what i did aaand let my post stay here as a shame and proof writing first thing in the morning is not good for health . 
  yes - we do call it czechy . 
  i apologize . 
  if i will steal sth on my own , there wo n't be any proof of me collaborating with other thieves . 
  i will be thief . 
  come thursday and let this nightmarish hypocrite be gone . 
  aaaaaaand it will drown in the flood of incoming british general election news . 
  heh , your description is quite nutkicking . 
  anyway seeing how world is going towards inevitable - as in weak people create hard times - i think i could believe that someone did that on purpose in somewhat good faith but it massively backfired . 
  people sometimes make bad decisions . 
  actually there is easy and most obvious , not saying true , reason - that experiment failed and you want others to help . 
  luckily there is more than enough place in germany for those people as your social housing is far more abundant than it is in so called eastern europe . 
  somehow i do n't think that will weaken turkey and enforce nato . 
  i 'd bet exactly opposite . 
  why would i ? 
  you conditioned support for coming to help from the outcome of trade negotiations . 
  this is not how defensive alliances work thus you did what to did . 
  i will defend brits here . 
  compared to others , at least in gb it is 50:50 .
