  ( edit - when talking about welfare , i do n't back slavery ofc ) they should receive no money at all . 
  food , shelter and language lesson should be provided if they are to stay in that country . 
  no free money for non-citizens or this whole chaos will never end . 
  edit : wage = / = welfare , and i do n't know why i saw `` welfare '' there , so my bad , shame , and so on . 
  and for proper answer - they should not receive more than others , just because they are refuges . 
  if 1200 is regular in that company , they should get the same of course . 
  if they would accept it . 
  what they have to is to rule and not to be scared wussies . 
  well ... 
  i 'm polish , worked once in central eastern part of my country , we found a cheap motel , and on the front wall in reception they got information `` we do not accept russian tourists '' . 
  owner was from those believing that russians assassinated president lech kaczynski in smolensk airplane crash . 
  we did n't stay there - they had no kitchen . 
  i would n't , never did , and never will . 
  voting for po decade ago was mistake enough , but i was political greenhorn back then and i have apologized for that mistake more than enough . 
  on mobile now so sorry for look of this post . 
  mottoes - sure , each to his liking . 
  i love battle shout from battle of m\u0142awa ( ww2 ) . 
  pretty epic . 
  skeptical towards shouting ones - fine , but let 's not generalise like that . 
  as i said before you do explain your point of view , and i would not argue with you , because i agree . 
  op did horrible generalization . 
  so i responded . 
  you dunno - i wrote most and foremost for poles and all other who were/are willing to embrace poland as their new home . 
  foreigners back then were not trying to abuse `` the system '' because consequences were quite more dire than they are now . 
  you shortened my sentence , so that 's on you . 
  bartoszewski - ca n't help some people think how they think . 
  i do recall that there was sth wrong in his life , but in general he was from good ones , especially while being foreign affairs minister . 
  for me at least . 
  homosexuality - you made that argument . 
  nowhere i wrote i see this as a threat to anything . 
   if you wa n't to . 
  key thing - if you want to , you can easily find close to true information , but from my experience people are lazy af . 
  even some of my uni friends share so called fake news without checking them up first , because it fits their naive political narration . 
   voted for a very conservative party . 
  because po ( former ruling party ) was that bad , and narration that we have only two main parties was and still is very strong . 
  pis ( actual ruling party ) has only one opponent - themselves , as current opposition in poland is a joke . 
  somewhat centrist kukiz '15 is trying to look like technocrats , with putting polish interest first ( if i can make such connection ) but there is still some time to general elections , so we will see . 
   when people are against abortions , they are mostly also against homo - or transsexuals . 
  true but then there are people , who may be against abortions , because they believe that life starts as early as `` egg coupling with spermatozoid '' , and have nothing against lgbt , because there is a difference between killing unborn kids ( in their opinion ) and thing with where do you stick your shlong/fingers . 
  again media and some agenda pushers are making it to be black and white , and real life is n't exactly like that . 
  imo that is . 
   this motto was first used on military banner in 1943 . 
  so saying that poland is independent because of some motto is a bit far fetching do n't you think ? 
  indeed it would be far fetching if i would say that it was only thanks to those three words , just words . 
  behind that motto stands quite many values and i hoped that it was more than obvious . 
  those values were with poles , well ... with our ancestors for longer than 70 years . 
  fatherland and honour are obvious , god is there because of pretty important role of religion in polish ( and european as well ) history . 
  atm god is more lie a tradition , with number of believers going down each year - catholic church is quite efficient at discouraging people . 
  i find it good , as long as those `` lost sheep '' do n't look for other organized religions or sects . 
   and let 's be honest making equal sign between war heroes and nowadays so called patriots is just silly . 
  indeed it is silly , i 'd call it offence to veterans , but that was n't pointed out in first post . 
  i would not argue with what you wrote here as i 've been to few protest at which regular representatives of so called patriotic right wing were chanting , maybe even exactly that slogan , and from other things they were saying , way there were acting i would never say those were intelligent people , more like mere sheep . 
  their leaders is different thing . 
  still - judging people just because `` they shout god honor fatherland '' is wrong . 
   those people often stands against what those people fight for . 
  they sometimes attack polish resistance heroes because they do not like their political affirmation . 
  it is polish , capital p mate , unless you want to disrespect me . 
  true , but i 'd say that 's 50:50 at most , as most of the time `` great poland '' ( without no connections to nop or other nationalistic organizations ) , a country independent , proud , strong and rich for poles in first place is ultimate goal polish soldiers fought for . 
  i 'm not saying about xenophobic attitude , but attitude of poland being ** first and foremost ** for poles and later for other people willing to come and live in poland and take on polish way of living , traditions , simply embracing their new home while keeping their father/motherland in heart . 
  same as france is for french or germany is for germans etc. 
  if i may ask which resistance heroes you have on your mind ? 
   research i know suggest | ... | yes , i think i read about similar figures for rest of so called 1st world . 
  quite possible if you ask me . 
  why do you bring that up ? 
  or he was being idealistic , as ~ ~ no ~ ~ real leader - you know with capital l leader - would not look at sexuality being something important , unless it would be important . 
  edit - strikethrough . 
  hopefully now it makes sense, 
   you 're likely to find at least one person that believes in `` god honor fatherland , '' thanks to those `` bad '' slogans you live in country called poland , you have your own polish language , and i will dare to say probably if not those slogans you could probably not exist at all . 
  you , me and many others . 
  thanks to those slogans europe is not russian bolschevik . 
  still bad ? 
   thinks anything other than heterosexuality is an abomination is it abomination - if they are catholics , it should be for them . 
  is it abomination in reality - no ; is it unnatural - no , happens here and there ; is it normal - no it is not , as in healthy m + m or w + w ca n't have a child from such relationship , and kids are what keeps our specie going . 
  no kids , humans vanish . 
   calls open-minded people open minded meaning who exactly ? 
  they are open-minded because ? 
   traitors and stupid lemmings . 
  you do n't get called traitor for being open minded , and you get called lemming because you are not open minded . 
   not to mention refugees et al. 
  refuges or `` refuges '' ? 
  world is not how media paint it . 
  poles are conservative , are traditionalists , but as long as you keep your craziness to yourself w/e it would be most will just ignore it . 
  we are not politically correct . 
  yeah ... let 's not break fantasy world here thou - poland is under dictatorship , tusk good , kaczynski bad , we hate gays , media are under attack , no free speech , women are just incubators , things are black and white with no colossal grey area in between , and so on and on . 
  cheers . 
  touche . 
  beat me with my own weapon . 
  polls were made among all , and not only among those who vote . 
  50 +4 % is in statistical error afair , but fair enough . 
  will do small edit to previous post . 
  considering tusk had just one other opposing candidate ( saryusz ) , then yes , he was best of those two . 
  edit - not all of pis voters are idiots , but same things goes for po , psl or sld voters . 
  almost 40 % now , according to recent polls . 
  kukiz '15 are n't keen with tusk as well . 
  together they are way over 50 % . 
  if you believe in democracy , then this is a voice of majority of those who care , as in go and vote . 
  whether we like it or not pis still , despite all those things , is crushing po in polls . 
  considering overall support for parties , tusk is by far not polish candidate . 
  edit - but considering polls asking just for support for tusk 's another presidency 54 % responded they support it . 
  well he/she wrote that he is `` polish '' .
