  indeed , that would be good start . 
  thing is they stay quiet all the time . 
  ... and there goes my steam . 
  fu ! / s but seriously - i was about to start repeating . 
  i was . 
  thanks mate , 
  trolling is not funny . 
   i imagine housing and language courses etc. 
  are cheaper in poland , too . 
  sure if you have money to buy or rent . 
  available communal housing is almost non-existent and new is n't being built . 
  in general it is cheaper in poland , it is way easier west/north from us . 
   i think it 's more that these countries were never forced to adapt to multicultural and multiracial societies . 
  about multiculturalism you may check history , you may be surprised . 
  poles are hosts in poland , it was always like that , and if you want to live in poland it is you who have to adapt - simple rule western europe forgot about . 
  that is why i wrote i am not blaming you , no matter your nationality . 
  germany took willingly the most , and it was madame merkel 's ( thus everyone blames germany which is n't exactly correct ) voice that decided , for which someone awarded her with `` man of the year '' award . 
  it was as funny as peace nobel prize for obama . 
  you expect others to put out fire you started . 
  to be clear - i 'm not accusing you of starting a fire . 
  [ edit ] - letters . 
  it should be instant . 
  applies to refuges and immigrants . 
  but deportations are almost impossible , so good speech madame merkel . 
   i ca n't imagine that there is anyone out there with anything higher than a grammar school education that does n't know what a metaphor is ; you were just being a jerk . 
  come on !, 
  - learning about things in school is one thing , using it in real life is other . 
  some metaphors are obvious for one and hidden for others . 
  it is the same with sarcasm or irony , and why are you pulling me in that trap ? 
  and no - i was n't being a jerk . 
  as for rest i 'm bit confused now - you seem to take anything personally , and most what i wrote was n't targeted at anyone particularly , especially not at you . 
  nowhere i forbid you to write , one thing i wrote which indicated my stance on your direct opinion was `` fair enough '' which was related to `` warrior '' part of your post . 
  you saw what you wanted , which seems to be norm . 
  i was trying to have a discussion with and you downvoted me like an ass who does n't understand reddit . 
  good night . 
  it 's simple statement : if you do n't know what metaphor is do n't touch , you wo n't understand or/and it may offend you . 
  i am referring to those parts that may include metaphors . 
  other articles may be simply as you wrote above ...  a crude , crass , pseudo-intellectual rag with shit drawings . 
  it is their style . 
  if you do n't like it do n't read it/buy it . 
  that 's a simple rule that applies to everything . 
  as for condescension - you are seeing things . 
   | ... | that does n't mean that it 's free licence to be a dick . 
  do n't try to be one ? 
  and where you see such implication ? 
  where do you see me intellectualizing charheb - by putting word `` knowledge '' and `` charheb '' in one sentence ? 
  please stop looking for holes . 
  that lost battle helped , but was it direct result for crusades is up to debate , at least for academics ( you seem to know better thou ) . 
  it was , imo , religion , spoils of war and potential trade profits that allowed to amass armies of different nationalities to [ edit2 ] counter muslim invasion ( because here you are of course correct ) [ / edit2 ] and not some lost battle that happened 20 years prior to first crusade ( [ edit2 ] here is where i speculate ) . 
  your personal trips prove you right - 4 years of uni down the drain . 
  learn to know generalisation when you see one . 
  [ edit ] even bad one . 
  requirement still remains . 
  no one is forcing anyone to read it - as far as i know charheb was n't popular before mass killing . 
  fair enough . 
  hebdo is not for people without knowledge of what metaphor is . 
  certainly if you will do it by force , but do it nicely , wrap it in nice decorating paper and it should work . 
  so how would you call crimea party then ? 
  nato exists only to block russian imperial ideas . 
  with russian autocracy gone there wo n't be a need for nato . 
  ukraine ( crimea mainly ) , georgia - does that ring a bell for you ? 
  i guess not . 
  ireland is far away , away from anything that happens , so it 's quite comfortable to write about `` populist paranoia '' tovarisch ... 
  deity is a parallel of sick idea . 
  ~ ~ god was a reason for crusades as well . 
  why - because greedy lords ( popes in this example ) manipulated stupid and encouraged other greedy people to embark on pillage journey in the name of god ( as an excuse ofc ) . ~ ~ pillage , suicide - does n't matter , base stays the same - `` god wills it '' . 
  [ edit ] : ( after some strikethroughs ) - i generalised fugly bad . 
  what i wanted to write is ** religion is good excuse to do bad things ** . 
  now - crusades were mainly a counter for muslim invasion of byzantium , but they were supported by religious zeal and potential profit from spoils of war as well ( pope and lords were greedy and did manipulate ) . 
  many crimes were committed under `` god wills it '' banner . 
  there . 
  i like your delicacy , 
  ustawa wilczka - google for it , and learn that law can be easy , short and supreme to tens of pages long acts with thousands more pages of legal interpretations . 
  considering public tv ( radio is sooo much less biased ) still is a propaganda tube for former government it 's normal to see such actions . 
  tvp will never be half as f.e. 
  bbc is . 
  i did n't mean you , in case it might have sounded offensive . 
  anyway it is just a rule . 
  it 's better to wait for green every time than to be impatient that one time and end up in morgue . 
  because red light means stop in most countries . 
  simple as that . 
  adults know to look to the sides , idiots die while running under car . 
  sadly idiots are human beings as well . 
  this made my morning so much happier . 
  thank you , 
  right , i 'm not gon na drill further thou i could do it for bit longer  . 
  thank you for answering . 
  in the end i 'm not the type to shame people . 
  i 'm not that low . 
  thanks again , merry xmas and happy new year mate . 
  polish television - tvp . 
  once it had a `` mission '' , for 20 years that mission is discontinued , people are being fed with crap like soap operas , reality shows for imbeciles , tv shows like skating with the stars , talent shows , non-neutral news , and sport so : `` it is bad , with very few good moments '' . 
  you can find flaki/flaczki on 25th and 26th . 
  from `` kartografia ekstremalna '' facebook admin . 
  he made some surveys recently . 
  and you get child benefits if you pay taxes , this is how it works . 
  why should it be different in uk . 
  you can always leave eu . 
  it was n't poland who created the rules . 
  as for second half - good point , but you overestimate amount of people benefiting and amount of money they earn thanks to eu funds especially compared to people that came to uk .
