  they will either accept it or leave . 
  they do n't have to take it as their own , they may , nobody is saying they have to convert unless they would want to . 
  some extreme example to end this part - if someone comes from shithole , where women are treated as lesser creatures , treats that as his identity and wants to do such shithole here no one normal will allow for that . 
  this is not intolerance , this is common sense . 
  i speak in this case about disallowing such practices in poland , germans will do what they want to in germany . 
   there has not been an invite from germany either why do you think that if one will say something others will not understand it bit differently ? 
  madame merkel said about present `` refuges '' will not be sent away . 
  incoming and future `` refuges '' understood that as big welcome . 
  where do you think they take things like `` mother merkel '' from ? 
  yes i am aware exactly what has been said , but people from outside eu does n't . 
  germany is n't saying loud no more room and thus more `` refuges '' are on their way . 
  helping those people to get to germany and further encourages others . 
  at least hungary said `` stop '' and sent military to the border ... and probably now croatia will face the wave of `` refuges '' . 
  still there is mediterranean sea . 
   of course this step may have increased the pull towards the eu a little , but it 's far from inviting anyone yes it is understandable for us , not for `` refuges '' . 
   where they expect the best accommodations you just hit the jackpot . 
  `` they expect '' . 
  they do n't flee to safety . 
  they move to place where they expect the best accommodations . 
  that is what economic immigrants do . 
   our government has decided to accept most of them . 
  it is very noble of you . 
  you have resources for that , you can do it . 
  you have absolutely no right to force others to do the same . 
  especially those that are way poorer than germany is . 
  and as you pointed out it was your government 's decison and not eu council 's . 
   please do n't forget , no country has been asked to accept economic refugees . 
  mr schultz and austrian pm asked in very unfriendly way by threatening . 
   an all-european system ensuring that refugees with a legitimate claim to asylum get a right to stay and are provided for while their application is  processed would probably decrease the overall number of refugees . 
  for one because knowing that they might not reach the country of their desire  could deter economic refugees in the first place and because having more countries and hence more immigration officers handling the applications  would make deporting economic refugees easier . 
  and this is where we come to agreement . 
   the point is , that poland does profit immensely from this money i could n't agree more . 
   roads built with eu money would have been build anyway probably . 
  some constructions that were started not long after we joined eu were planned even 40 + years before . 
  so if it was n't for eu some roads would indeed be built , but there is a great chance that plans , not actual roads , would see flying cars . 
   the point is that you can not cherry pick we do not . 
  that 's the point . 
  i do not recall any kind of meeting and agreements being signed about welcoming million extra people . 
  eu did not send the message to the northern africa , it was mostly germany if we talk about recent happenings . 
  in general there is a small part in that for other welfare rich eu countries . 
  you may call it paying for your own success , or you may call it politicians being idiots giving welfare for everybody ( and by everybody i mean some lazy bum poles as well ) . 
  poland never had that kind of policy , polish welfare is bit above letting one die , forget about housing . 
   so while you can and should expect every new member of your society to learn the language and comply with your laws there is not much more you can ask for in a free society . 
  there is one more thing - find a source of income . 
  welfare is not such source . 
  as for you accusations - i am not scared of being called intolerant , especially when i 'm not . 
  you are free to be who you are , as long as you do n't force yourself on others thus `` behave nicely or leave '' . 
  it seems you mistake being tolerant with having no moral spine . 
  some people abuse tolerance and at that point tolerance should end . 
  wrong . 
  first of all structural funding goes towards eastern and central european countries . 
  we receive money for specific things . 
  we want to build a road ? 
  fine - build it as ue wants it to be built , show the bills , and eu will return specific % of that investment , if every comma is put there correctly ( i agree with that strict policy ) . 
  those money ca n't go on anything else than they are intended for ( although polish government and poles as well , try very hard to go around that , ineffectively most of the time ) . 
  for now we are net contributor because we have to get somewhere near the economic level of old eu to be able to manage after becoming regular payer . 
  i can guarantee you that passing 2020 ( as this is date when we will loose net-contributor status ) will be disaster for polish politics and public finances , because money poland receive from eu are that huge and are in many cases wasted . 
  those money do not go towards increasing polish industry ( roads are exception , that at least should contribute ) - they go to things that look nice , but give no money in return . 
  sure culture is important , but who will go to theatre or philharmonic having no job or living without anything above basic needs ? 
  billions we receive are not for housing and feeding immigrants that are no way near our culture , and it seems , based on western experience , many of those immigrants are troublesome , demanding and overall are a problem , about which pc politics do n't want to talk . 
  those immigrants do n't want to be in poland ( they want to be in welfare rich countries ) , and poland , as we live in democracy , and majority 's voice is final , does n't want them either . 
  seems westerners have no idea about the subject - poland is nowhere near ready to take those people . 
  our adaptation programs are non-existent . 
  one ca n't learn to be pole in one year , and one year is the time after which immigrants are literally kicked out from shelter to live on their own . 
  westerners would have problems with living and we are talking about people from different law and tradition areas . 
  poland is not rich , multicultural western country . 
  eu offers one time 6 000euro per forced on us immigrant . 
  that will roughly be enough for one year . 
  after that poland is on it 's own , meaning those immigrants will be in position they were before coming to poland , with small difference - they will not be in war-zone . 
  more - law allows those immigrants to have their relatives come to them , which multiplies amount of immigrants by four at least . 
  poland will not receive a cent for immigrants that wo n't come to poland . 
  this is fair deal . 
  you are free to think as you want about poland . 
  truth is we are most of the time friendly , tolerant ( yes we are , but tolerance has it 's limits ) and hospitable folks to people that want to behave and abide polish culture and traditions . 
  you are free to be who you want to be , inside your own house . 
  outside you are either acting like a pole/behave nicely or you are free to leave . 
  we wo n't make mistakes western europe made in this matter . 
  are you sure ? 
  i was easily able to understand french newspaper article thanks to google . 
  i am not saying it will translate it precisely as it should be , but if someone wants to understand she/he will . 
  many figures of speech from polish to english are translated correctly and polish language is among hardest to learn . 
  i was impressed . 
  removing yourself from discussion on reddit just because you do n't know english is imo silly nowadays . 
  google translate is n't perfect but it does the job ( if used properly ) . 
  sounds like you may be polish . 
  [ martin schulz threatens to use force to impose eu 's ( germany 's ) will with `` refuge '' quotas ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqdr2ebuzmk&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=0s ) it is either deliberate doing to rise even bigger anti-forced immigrant attitude ( that is working , believe me , that is working ) , or we see real schultz . 
  this way or another you can be damn sure about riots in case of those economic immigrants being forced on poland . 
  it is possible - with new mobiles receiving additional modules . 
  atm no modules like that are being implemented . 
  that , as you pointed out , would need better battery to be able to transmit for longer time . 
  although s&r needs only your last coords ( and for that regular battery is enough , but then there is transmitting power problem ) unless one is stupid - starts beacon and moves onward . 
   orb\u00e1n is playing for his very own political endgame here probably you 're right . 
  still i 'm happy he is being politically incorrect . 
  if it was n't for orban probably no one would oppose to this whole chaos . 
  reality constructed all over the europe , and further , by media hungry for shocking news titles . 
  luckily orban forced germany to slow down on it 's dictatorship like decisions . 
  i just hope our pm will remember that after october elections she will still be living in poland , and if she will agree blindly to that dictate we see now ( martin schulz already mentioned something about using force/forcing immigrants on countries opposing ) people will literally hate her for bending over . 
  we shall see about this in a matter of days . 
  mobiles are receivers of satellite signal , not transmitters . 
  increase of geolocation satellites numbers has absolutely no influence on regular person .
