  that 's a fact . 
  now , i 'm not saying ttip does n't have bad sides , and that those should n't be straightened out . 
  because they should . 
  relative tolerance i think . 
  but no , not that strong . 
  better . 
  especially against germany . 
  interesting thought . 
  would n't know how such a thing should work out though . 
  does n't * really * elaborate on ttip , shows the bad sides though . 
  i think it 's a good thing when the police force is an ethnically correct representation of the society , otherwise problems will arise . 
  25 % multicultural seems a bit high though , should n't 10 % do the trick ? 
  would n't it be '' pharao der niederlande '' in german too ? 
  the genitive is not as commonly used in dutch though . 
  it 's a bit more formal . 
  wodzionka is some kind of soup with bread ? 
  sounds delicious . 
  german . 
  most of the dutch people answered in german , sometimes with some dutch words in between . 
  '' weet '' means '' know '' in dutch . 
  definitely a resemblance there !, 
  makes me think , why are your license plates white instead of yellow ? 
  really ? 
  i remember stumbling upon the bbc in both france and germany . 
  but maybe there was some kind of non-standard tv package there . 
  it 's on the bbc . 
  most european countries can watch at least bbc 1 . 
  as opposed to africa and asia , i guess . 
  inside of european territory , yes . 
  [ i used it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_nationality_law ) as apposed to the right of blood that 's also common in many countries . 
  i do n't understand that stance either , i like the french position on citizenship . 
  not based on right of blood , but on right of soil . 
  we used to win a lot of medals with swimming but we 're really underperforming in that department right now . 
  okay . 
  you do n't have to marry in order to procreate , so the social basis is also not that strong . 
  marriage used to be between a man a woman , true . 
  no reason to stick to that though . 
  every definition of marriage is highly arbitrary , but i think gay marriage should be an option for everyone . 
  social values change trough different times . 
  a man can love a man . 
  a woman can love a woman . 
  through marriage these two consenting adults can solidify their relationship in the same way as two adults who happen to be male and female . 
  to not grant them this right would be discrimination on the basis of their sex . 
  ps : it 's quite refreshing to have some kind of a respectful debate on reddit instead of just people cursing at each other . 
  my point is that marriage has no standard definition , and if it does then that definition can change . 
  what ` intrinsic value ' does marriage have ? 
  it 's defined by the people itself , and not set in stone . 
  there is no ` objective ' form of marriage , it 's man-made . 
  only provincials might be pissed when you use holland instead of the netherlands . 
  the people from the hollandic provinces do n't really care . 
  do n't know which source you 're looking for but [ this article ] ( http://www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2015/02/19/muslim_mayor_of_dutch_city_of_rotterdam_ahmed_aboutaleb_muslims_must_accept_western_society_or_get_out.html ) talks about the role of aboutaleb in the debate in the netherlands following the attack on charlie hebdo . 
  because there 's a sizeable group of dutch/turkish people in the netherlands who are eligible to vote in the turkish referendum next month . 
  the government wants to secure their vote . 
  by the way , there 's no sharia anywhere in europe . 
  do n't know what your sources are . 
  do n't think most turks in the netherlands are in favour of sharia either . 
  depends how you define `` win '' . 
  i still think it 's very likely that he 'll win the elections and the pvv will be the largest party . 
  at the same time , it 's very unlikely that the pvv will actually get to govern or that wilders will be the new dutch prime minister . 
  he needs to form a coalition to make that happen and most other larger parties already stated they wo n't form a coalition with wilders . 
  so in that sense , there 's a small chance he 'll actually win anything , even if the pvv will be the largest party . 
  much higher , like what percentage exactly ? 
  in a sense , yes . 
  i do n't think the netherlands has ever been extremely open to non-eu immigrants but there 's certainly a general move to the right visible regarding most parties immigration policies . 
  i think it 's a way of parties trying to articulate the fears that definitely brew in dutch society on the topic of immigration and ` islamisation ' of the netherlands , as wilders likes to call it . 
  around 5 % of the dutch population is muslim by the way , i think this slowly rises to about 6 % in 2020 according to some studies . 
  i still do n't think the pvv are getting what they want in the current situation though , they 're really extreme on this particular issue , wanting to ban the quran and close all mosques for instance . 
  i read that , but for now it seems like these climate sceptics are a small minority withing the vvd , who managed to alter exactly one sentence in the party 's election programme ( is that an english word ? ) . 
  the vvd 's main standpoint is to adhere to the paris climate convention goals . 
  ethics are very important in research , no reason not to discuss it when you suspect certain boundaries have been crossed . 
  i 'm curious now though , in which city did this happen ? 
  and is this research available online ? 
  ( if it was ordered by the city council it probably is ), 
  nope , wilders and his pvv had been leading the polls for quite a few months . 
  this is the first time they 're tied or slightly behind dutch prime minister rutte 's vvd again . 
  it might be problematic , but the ` largest party ' is a very relative concept though , the vvd is the largest party in the polls right now , but would ` only ' claim around 16.5 % of the seats in the parliament if elections would be held today and we completely trust these polls . 
  so the vvd would not actually be that large , it just means that they get first pick for a coalition basically , and if they manage to form one their leader probably will be prime minister . 
  it has happened before that the largest party was n't part of the newly formed coalition as well , most recently in 1977 , when the pvda claimed 53 parliament seats in the election ( which is pretty huge nowadays ) but then they failed to form a coalition and so the cda and vvd ( who shared a small majority between them ) swooped in and formed a coalition without including the pvda , although they were in fact the largest party . 
  damn , it 's already march indeed . 
  thanks , fixed that . 
  it 's quite apparent that a lot of media from other ( mostly european ) countries are trying to ` understand ' wilders and his role in the upcoming dutch elections . 
  probably even more so than previous dutch national elecions , because there will also be european elections later this year ( germany for example ) and people want to know what they could expect in their own countries . 
  i see a lot of comparisons of wilders to trump and farage , which is very justifiable because there are a lot of comparisons to be made between them on the policy side . 
  at the same time , wilders is unique case in a unique environment . 
  i still think it 's very possible that the pvv will become the largest party after the elections , but it 's very unlikely they will govern any time soon because most other parties do n't want to form a coalition with them . 
  so wilders is ` stuck ' in sense . 
  voters that do n't just want to use their vote as a protest against the ` political elite ' but also because they want a right-wing government might vote for rutte 's vvd ( conservative liberals ) instead , because it 's very possible they will be part of the next government unlike wilders . 
  this strategic voting is a very real danger for the pvv , and caused the two current governing parties ( vvd and pvda ) to get as big as they did during the last national elections . 
  yep , when he visited china with a dutch business delegation there was a crowd of screaming chinese women/girls waiting for him . 
  some rumours had spread around chinese social media that the tall and handsome prime minister from the netherlands would visit the country . 
  ( [ dutch article about this ] ( https://www.nrc.nl/nieuws/2015/03/28/gillende-vrouwen-in-de-rij-voor-mark-rutte-1478475-a713371 ) ), 
  i think that 's probably the right term to describe rutte personally , yes . 
  his party is more diverse in it 's types of liberalism/conservatism . 
  it 's unclear what his exact strategy is . 
  some people say he has much to lose in this election , the last few months he has been leading the polls , sometimes by quite large margins . 
  participating in public debates could n't make him rise in the polls because he might already be at his peak popularity but it could damage him if he does n't look good in it . 
  another reason is that he probably has to fight all other larger parties at once as well in a debate like that , with many of them already declaring they wo n't form a coalition with him no matter how many seats the pvv has gained after the election . 
  one more thing , wilders is not new to the political stage , unlike figures like trump . 
  he has been a member of the dutch parliament since 1998 ( ! ), 
  and has been ` rocking the boat ' for at least 10 years now .
