we need more regulation !, 
  implement said regulation 3 . 
  we have too much regulation !, 
  yes , he was invited . 
  he did have his own motives though , since he did n't want an anglo-french alliance against the dutch republic . 
  he figured he could get on england 's good side by ousting their generally hated king james ii . 
  he succeeded , and formed an anglo-dutch alliance against france . 
  alas , in the end it was in vain . 
  [ the dutch republic sort of collapsed anyway ... ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glorious_revolution#the_decline_of_the_dutch_republic ), 
  at the moment there may be a larger percentage of catholics in the netherlands , but historically this was n't the case . 
  the eighty years war against spain is the perfect example of that . 
  one of the main differences between the two regions was religion , protestant in the northern netherlands and catholic in spain . 
  the image you provided also shows that ( historically ) the netherlands is protestant . 
  nowadays you best call holland agnostic or atheist because that group is larger than the protestants and catholics combined . 
  his son ( philip ii ) however was n't very much liked by the dutch . 
  which gave way to the eighty years ' war , ultimately leading to dutch independence from the badass empire . 
  they should create some kind of partnership with a dutch tv channel !, 
  for some reason belgian ( read : flemish ) humour is immensely popular here . 
  things like neveneffecten and basta are great , and there is a big gap on comedy in dutch television in my opinion . 
  i think his speech is pretty good . 
  europe is a complicated mess sometimes ( maybe especially now ) and there are no simple solutions for the economic crisis or the conflict in ukraine . 
  let 's merge the two countries right now !, 
  denmark is remarkably identical to the netherlands and the language is similar as well . 
  danish people seem to merge into the dutch population so easily ( young danish footballers for example speak dutch fluently in a year it seems ) . 
  i think it would work just as well the other way around . 
  maybe i 'm a bit too enthousiastic right now , but this went through my head while reading your comment :p, 
  it would be better to adopt the bicycle-friendly infrastructure , once you have that bikes will surely follow . 
  so maybe only the die-hard supporters of the akp voted because they still feel really connected to turkey , more so that the more ` liberal ' turks in holland ? 
  you guys know all about it . 
  wow , is n't that really different from turks in the netherlands and germany ? 
  i do n't have any official numbers but i believe the akp is still really popular in those countries . 
  probably in one of the old city centres of cities like amsterdam , delft , utrecht or leiden . 
  most of these old city centres have more of a renaissance vibe than a medieval one though , so they might not fit in the story . 
  there are some medieval castles/ruins that could be used , but they have those in most of europe anyway . 
  great news . 
  the more countries approve of same-sex equility the better . 
  is n't the european parliament overall in favour of net neutrality ? 
  i get that this article references the council , but does n't the parliament have any say in this ? 
  and what exactly is the link between roaming and net neutrality ? 
  i do n't really understand that part of the article . 
  the national socialist movement , because it worked out so well last time . . 
  every generation hears that . 
  there are even records of ancient roman legislators complaining about the fact that their children belong to the '' most indecent generation ever '' . 
  this is getting out of hand !, 
  he 's doing the classic bachmann . 
  yeah , i was joking but i guess it was n't that funny . 
  i thought that a modern europe would be complete with a gay prime minister ; but forgot that a female prime minister is still a pretty rare thing too . 
  it would have been even better if the danish pm was a man , and they were a gay couple . 
  go europe !, 
  hmm , to me it looks like the gunmen did n't plan their attack well . 
  why have a shoot-out in the streets ? 
  something must have gone wrong . 
  the charlie hebdo attack was very different from this one , and security was n't as prepared as in a one-time event like this . 
  will do when i have the time man . 
  if it holds true what you say , i 'll be the first to acknowledge it . 
  the summer is also great in holland , so think about coming over here too . 
  sit down in a park and just observe . 
  it 's bliss . 
  i do think that it 's weird to say that women are generally more beatiful in eastern europe , or that ugliness comes down to fat acceptance . 
  there 's definately cherry-picking involved when making albums like this . 
  people do n't like to photograph ` less pretty ' people . 
  nevertheless , people in russia look like us . 
  no shit . 
  environment activists do . 
  it was the initial plan to ` polder ' the whole of the ijsselmeer , but that would be bad for the birds and fishies . 
  you could build one in the sea , in the channel perhaps . 
  we dutch like to create new land , so we just need a location . 
  just thinking out of the box here . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  true , but it 's mostly whoever wins the fight for the throne will become king . 
  pretty funny stuff , game of thrones is n't the best representation of monarchies . 
  great !, 
  it 's settled then , i suggest we plan the reunion this summer . 
  also , i 'm now confident we 'll win the euro 2016 . 
  oh yeah , about wallonia . 
  could then stop speaking french ? 
  or could we pseudo-accept their language like we did here with frisia , so they have to speak dutch too ? 
  thanks !, 
  yes !, 
  i love mountains , they look so impressive and beautiful at the same time . 
  alas , we have none . 
  ( altough a flat landscape does make cycling easier , which is a plus ), 
  sure , will remember next time , 
  offically not , but there sure are instances where awol is used in [ my context ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=awol&amp;page=2 ) ( see definition 9 ) . 
  it has to be some kind of slang then , my bad . 
  no , `` he went awol '' '' literally means that someone went absent without official leave in the army . 
  but it is also used in the context of someone going of the rails . 
  imo , the dutch national team should go back to the 5-3-2 system . 
  willems , martins indi , vlaar , de vrij and janmaat in defence . 
  blind , sneijder and klaassen on the midfield . 
  depay and robben as the attackers . 
  could drop depay in favor of van persie . 
  qualification for the ec guaranteed . 
  i used it in the ` going crazy ' sense of the word . 
  haha , how could i forget san marco . 
  yeah , coen went a bit awol in the moluccas . 
  yeah , when i leave europe as a dutchman that happens to me too . 
  me : `` sure '' i 'm a big football fan though , so i do n't really mind . 
  not really . 
  trade agreements streamline trade relations inbetween countries ( or unions ) which creates jobs , because of easier export , import and investment .
