  working ... 
  we never had these before !, 
  what was the iberian peninsula like under moorish rule ? 
  spain did n't exist then . 
  these would be the `` democrats '', 
  * ahem * 14th century , ratified in 1386 to be precise . 
  it is kind of an interesting answer , i doubt many britons would even know such alliance exists . 
  extrapolation . 
  by then the number of atheists/agnostics will be the dominant force . 
  / r/badhistory should i post it , or could you do me the favour ? 
  80 % still is n't in europe , and more importantly , is n't politically aligned with europe ( take a look at greenland on that matter ) . 
  cyprus is an island in the middle of the mediterranean with 9000 km ^ 2 of surface area , do n't mention it as if its situation is comparable to turkey . 
  of course it is !, 
  it is the part that is in europe ... give me a break . 
  i completly agree with you , that is why no one studies history , or at least should n't , from just one perspective , being it european , american , chinese , japanese , aboriginal ... 
  however , there is no denial that the crusades or colonization are extremely eurocentric topics , and that it is , as an european , important to understand europe 's perspective in these issues . 
  both these topics were extremely important to europe at its time , and to europe today . 
  colonization shapes our world even today , it was a major event which repercussions went beyond the generations responsible for it . 
  it makes a huge amount of sense to study it !, 
  i 'm not saying that european perspective is more important than others !, 
  i 'm saying that , given the circumstances ( me being from europe ) , i give priority to learn europe 's perspective on europe 's events , and i expect other people to do the same !, 
  i expect south americans to learn about colonization not only from an european perspective , but also from the native 's point of view . 
  i expect middle easterns to be taught how the crusades were extremely important for their culture and faith . 
  in history , a lopsided view of the world is a given . 
  when i was in college i had a professor who said something among the lines of `` in a world of cultural relativism we can only wish for one point of view , one universal truth . '', 
  of course he knew , as i do now , there is n't such a thing . 
  a very tiny part ... 
   eurocentric reminds me of that criticism by edgy historians who really should have known better , when they say that the history we teach our pupils is very `` eurocentric '' . 
  why goodness me , if they are n't living in europe or a country whose history was painted by europe countries ( such as the us ) , why would n't their outlook be from a euro perspective ?!, 
  surely china does n't complain that their history is too sinocentric , do they ? 
  sausages ai n't got nothing on that sub . 
  well , did you ? 
  i think you should light up on the bullet points in bigotry , hate speech and xenophobia . 
  if i try i can be all of that without technically breaking the rules , or i can say something without malice that could possible fall under those categories . 
  the users can see through most of what is written , most racism , hatred and xenophobia gets handled quickly , even without moderator intervention . 
  this is like the 10 commandements , too long , too basic . 
  we just need one : do n't be a dick . 
  if you truly act on people that are being dicks or saying something a dick would say , then surely the community will agree with you without having to go into all the trouble that x broke y rule . 
  if i was paid handsomely i would , but even then i do n't think so . 
  the cost of living is absolutely atrocious , even in the most rural areas e.g : i currently lease a duplex apartment in a good neighbourhood in walking distance from schools , supermarkets , 5 minute drive from the beach and 15 from the second largest city , all for 375 euros/month . 
  that same apartment would go for  $ 2000/month in any of the us coasts . 
  then , i 'd have to pay for my healthcare . 
  and my college education ( have house level debt before even landing a job , no thanks ! ) . 
  and have no say in how the country is run . 
  and deal with religious/nra nutjobs . 
  many us citizens work an entire life until they can finally travel europe . 
  i can travel europe on weekends for much cheaper than an american would pay to visit ny from socal . 
  the good thing about america is that they export their best stuff : their movies , their songs , their sports , their websites , their jokes ... their culture , and i do n't have to move my lazy ass one inch to access all of that , so why would i ? 
  vga !, 
  i doubt it . 
  try to find the original source in that xpost . 
  where did you get his map ? 
  post the link . 
  source or the mods are gon na nag you . 
   i 've got more in common with the average frenchman than with the average alabaman do n't be ridiculous . 
  * mind the neighbours . 
  `` in the beginning god created the heavens and the earth . '', 
  gen 1:1 it is right there !, 
  what evidence do you need ? 
  convoys of postmen in their bikes delivering the strongly worded letters . 
  putin her mouth where her heart is . 
  i looked at their methodology and got surprised aswell . 
  take this index with a huge amount of salt , and then add some pepper . 
  can we stop these pretentious ideas of building things in africa 's sovereign land for europe 's benefit ? 
  what is this , 2007 ? 
  i should not have looked directly at at . 
  i 'm not a smart person . 
   i just remember the sunshine , the fact that the economy was so good and everyone seemed happy and rich and all of these different leaders standing together in my country with all of these differents flags while the anthem of europe played . 
  i wonder why we 've changed :(, 
  by the way : do n't look directly into it . 
  there was a cool gif showing the percentage of sun that 'd be blocked depending on where you are in europe , lost track of it . 
  [ tell 'em commies how it works patriot ] ( http://www.imgbase.info/images/safe-wallpapers/miscellaneous/funny/39153_funny_murica_murica_eagle_and_flag.jpg ), 
  if i had to guess it means `` son of a bitch '', 
  influence , expansionism , clay . 
  one could even say imperialism . 
  not that these are bad things . 
  [ sold !, 
  ] ( http://br.boell.org/sites/default/files/uploads/2014/07/brics_leaders_2014.jpg ), 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tli022auwqq&amp;t=1m09s that was ... short . 
  [ pretty damn good lads !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zn239g6ajzo&amp;t=1m47s ), 
   no one forced the brits to come along did they not ? 
  or was nato 's article 5 that compeled them to go ? 
  were the british pleased to fight in iraq ? 
   til really is n't that good of a source . 
  try / r/aviation [ 1 ] . 
   do you understand the difference between bvr engagements and dogfighting ? 
  in a dogfight the typhoon might indeed be the raptor 's equal . 
  but that does n't matter because the raptor absolutely dominates in bvr . 
   the typical answer to any critics to the f-22 air dominance is : `` since it is stealthy , you should not even consider the possibility of a close encounter with another jet . '' even if this can be true , the risk of coming to close range is still high . 
  at a distance of about 50 km the typhoon irst ( infra-red search and track ) system could be capable to find even a stealthy plane `` especially if it is large and hot , like the f-22 \u2033 as a eurofighter pilot once said . 
  furthermore , raptors are not always stealthy as one might believe : for instance , when they carry external store , rejoin with tankers or talk on the radio ( secure or unsecure ones ) they become more vulnerable to detection . 
  but this is another story , that we will discuss in the near future ... 
  these exercises ? 
  wow , you talk as if they 're a freaking desease . 
  they are people , show some respect . 
  nor will an eurofighter be dodging its missiles . 
  f-35 can lock on an eurofighter ? 
  auch , felt that burn here !, 
   while having more than twice the population 320 millions vs 504,
