they were ideological enemies , true , but stalin did n't think hitler would be crazy enough to fight them while waging war against the west . 
  duolingo and memrise are pretty good , nothing beats learning a language on a toilet . 
  ( if you have smartphone ofc ), 
  27 member states agreeing on something ? 
  yeah . 
  maybe he saw his reflection ? 
  put lego there , that will show em, 
  gas maybe ? 
  vaccines are made from something and when you plan to vaccinate everybody , you need a lot of that stuff . 
  if they do , they need a swift smacking . 
  that said , lukoil sponsored our current president 's campaign ... 
  russians in any eu capital is the same, 
  lots of hungarians in the neighboring countries and sometimes their national pride swelling causes problems . 
  weirdly enough , it usually happens around elections . 
  in germany ? 
  we are also in an age where human life is more expensive than a drone . 
  it was breaking my heart to drink beer from shot glasses , had to switch to wine during my stay, 
  come to czech republic , beer is cheaper and better a nd the girls prettier :p, 
  i know a few people who are dating different nationalities , anecdotal and all , but personally i find people from other countries much more interesting than my own . 
  it might also have to do with proficiency in english , a lot of people are uncomfortable speaking it , so they would probably have issues with establishing relationship . 
  if you are above average height , male , not overweight and not walking around with an iphone and a bag over 1 shoulder , you are evading 99 % of thieves automatically , at least that is my experience around the world . 
  bonus points when you are n't wearing flip flops . 
  thanks to the volume of people around , there 's usually a much easier target for them . 
  ever played `` spot the russian '' ? 
  gavdos  though it 's weekend destination for the locals now, 
  you do n't even need to remember 69 , economy has become much better by almost any metric that was n't cheated in the past , like unemployment . 
  last votes , when i read that communists want to guarantee jobs for graduating students by establishing state owned companies that somehow remain competitive , i could only roll my eyes , even though it should be exactly what i 'm looking for . 
  like i said , no need for media to do anything , they will embarrass themselves and this makes it seem only like there 's a huge conspiracy against them . 
  however the age for retirement is getting pushed further and further back and we are still running in deficit , so it 's not sustainable . 
  the older generation is getting nostalgic in retirement and the younger generation never had to deal with them . 
  there 's also a lot of jaded voters who are willing to vote for `` something different '' because there are only 2 other major parties that had majority of the seats . 
  if you go through their promises , it still sounds like heaven on earth , so i can see how some can be convinced that we have this great party nobody votes for that could make things much better if only we gave them a chance . 
  the media is also making big deal out of any association with communism , so you have perfect storm of ignorance , rebellion and nostalgia . 
  businesses like to round up, 
  it 's a bit more complicated , czk generally keeps the prices lower , switch to euro would inevitably lead to price inflation . 
  economy has been doing just fine , so most people do n't see a reason to change it . 
  it also helps tourism , * because * the prices are lower . 
  yes , it will happen eventually , but not having currency tied to the rest of eu can be a huge advantage , as greece has shown . 
  it keeps the politicians honest , because if shit happens , it 's their fault . 
  czech/slovakian does n't count :p, 
  pretty much . 
  yes , we could use better infrastructure , but who could n't ? 
  i guess it could be-la-ruse ? 
  i 'm out . 
  yeah , that one was missing, 
  about right, 
  would n't that apply especially to immigrants ? 
  socialism does wonders , their healthcare also blows the rest of central america out of the water . 
  shame that the geopolitical struggles almost prohibit it being a free democratic state . 
  what russia considers their territory is hard to define . 
  romani children are not forcibly segregated in schools , but they frequently do n't pass even elementary school on first attempt , or they have severe attendance issues , so they end up in special schools , originally meant for people with mental disabilities or development problems . 
  there 's a movement to include the disabled children in normal schools , but they usually need an assistant or a tutor and that costs money and parents ' time . 
  ** do ** compliment the women, 
  i have to disagree on the street food , best stuff i ever ate and no shits for the whole 3 weeks i stayed . 
  having a bottle of whiskey around probably helped a bit though . 
  i know a few years back we had gypsies going to uk for the social benefits pretty often , because they would still be getting welfare back here and then come back . 
  it was pretty disgusting loophole , but since i have n't heard about that for a while , i think it 's closed . 
  iirc they were trying to claim that they are discriminated here or something . 
  nestle is not just about water , there was a scandal when they were giving away formula for children as an alternative to breastfeeding in africa , but if a mother starts their children on that instead of breast milk after birth , she wo n't lactate and what they gave out was n't enough , which they did n't tell anybody . 
  they effectively forced them to pay for the rest , or their children starved . 
  that 's pretty scummy move , not to mention risk of formula needing sterile water in africa . 
  i think politicians just need to accept that people will always want to look at what 's coming up . 
  you might have the greatest project , but if you do n't take time and explain it to people , why should they trust you ? 
  temelin brings back memories . 
  for some reason the biggest protests against it were in austria :d, 
  i think putting pressure on your own government also helps , if it becomes public debate across europe , it can only help the issue, 
  no , sadism implies sexual pleasure , this is like `` ca n't - stop-watching-the-trainwreck-happening-in-front-of-me '', 
  german is like lego , you can connect anything together , but it can become painful very easily :p, 
  and that is why uk needs an internet filter ? 
  interesting timing, 
  a round joke, 
  i was saying i was from czechoslovakia , i guess being from a country that has n't existed for 21 years has its benefits . 
  & let 's go for a beer . 
  i wonder whether what nsa is doing is smart , to keep up with whatever advantage their competition comes up , or whether they are poisoning the well they will have to drink from in the future . 
  i think we will end up joining eventually , but there 's no point in rushing in . 
  it 's been getting better , we have eliminated the cent-version of our currency , so now we only have 6 different coins ( 1,2,5,10,20,50 ), 
  last time there was a lot of talk about it , it did n't make much sense economically and i still do n't see the benefit . 
  having your own currency is not a bad idea in the current climate . 
  a president czech republic deserves , but not the one it needs . 
  true , but when it 's the founder of wikipedia blasting the decision , it 's something to think about . 
  it 's also silly to apply the ruling only to people connecting from a single continent and to a single search engine . 
  if google moved it 's data overseas , there 's nothing illegal about that , but that 's a problem i ca n't see being tackled for a long time . 
  i think it 's simple : only the data you put on the internet yourself can be forgottten , this is exactly why the decision was widely criticized, 
  or czech ? 
  dunno , sometimes 75 years is enough, 
  could still be 2 guys and a bear ... 
  russian threesome is 2 guys and a bear, 
  reichtangle ? 
  summer is coming , beware of our tourists . 
  they usually go to croatia , but we might tell them to go north ... 
  they like cheap dentists, 
  our system is fairly solid , but it keeps bleeding money that i 'm just waiting for the day it collapses . 
  it 's the elephant in the room . 
  from what i have heard about yours , you essentially hired managers and started paying more attention to raw numbers and every anomally has to be explained , which apparently brings results . 
  i 'm curious how are the stats influenced by geography , because i know we have one of the best treatments of heart attacks , but that 's due to university hospital being an hour away from almost any place within the country . 
  it 's the same in czech , unless you specify that you are talking about chilli peppers , it usually refers to bell peppers, 
  i think it depends on from which country the muslims are , turks usually care more about secularism than people from the gulf states and so on . 
  french minorities tend to come from northern africa , where again islam is n't so radical . 
  i 'd also say that both germany and france tend to highly value secularism, 
  you could plug people into the matrix , problem solved .
