  guess it applies to their beer too ? 
  i 'm fairly sure she will thank you for that about a decade from now . 
  i usually correct them once and then give up . 
  at least everybody remembers czechoslovakia fondly since it has n't fucked up anything in the past 20 years . 
  i lived there for a month and it would be a huge pain to get anything done without a smartphone , since i do n't speak the language . 
  the money , sure , but it 's a lot more convenient to use their cards for paying at shops or fare . 
  but without smartphone ? 
  better hope you remember the symbols for the place you are going to , or that random strangers speak english . 
  not police states , but they employ a lot of modern technologies along with high degree of urbanization , so in case somebody does comit a crime , there is usually plenty of footage to go along with it , not to mention that you really ca n't live there without a card and a mobile phone . 
  they also put strong emphasis on education . 
  yeah , let them look at the immigration process and they will drop the idea instantly . 
  cdu candidate looks like a happy grandma, 
  isnt that like esperanto ? 
  yeah , but they are nowhere near threatening to have a majority, 
  honestly , their drug policy is very conservative . 
  any discussion of decriminalization has been met with a lot of resistance , so much that citizen organisations talking about these issues have very few ways to even have their voice heard by the ministry . 
  no system with multiple parties has something as crazy as the gop . 
  who cares if you are the only alternative . 
  i imagine it could be a combination ? 
  lunokhod = lunar walker, 
  well , that lesson is rather harsh so many parents probably hope that life teaches you on its own and internet certainly helped with exposition to all kinds of bullshit . 
  shitting on your neighbors is like the most popular european pasttime . 
  this shit started years ago , before general public even knew what syria was . 
  does norway have some skeletons in the closet ? 
  definitely , but this is not it . 
  i 'm not keeping up , but last time i looked into it , it was pure populism from some polticians nobody really heard about and the whole story was so twisted by them or the parents to almost be a straight up lie . 
  i think better analogy would be nobel prize if they guy was a real ass . 
  better approach would be to point out the whole story and use it as a lesson , instead of trying to remove him as a symbol . 
  so he was a cunt . 
  everybody was , erasing them from history wo n't do any good though . 
  it gets juicier because one of the students behind the movement in oxford was ( is ? ), 
  there thanks to a scholarship . 
  guess who created that scholarship ? 
  i 'm pretty sure you can still buy something similar , may or may not be the original flavor, 
  yeah , but definitely shady and i 'd expect them to cut it out once the public gets to know about it . 
  does n't help the public image and these asian manufaturers are indistinguishable from one another to me already . 
  `` the one with shitty emissions '' does n't sound very nice . 
  sciptblock , disconnect , ublock origin , preferably all together, 
  well he can form his opinion independent of the society , so that is one thing he had going for him compared to the competition in the last vote . 
  zeman 's problem is that a ) he is very smart b ) he has been around for ages c ) this is his last political position before retirement ( for real this time ) e ) he * hates * journalists , they hounded his family for a time , despite not being public officials so while i believe he words his responses and acts intentionally to incite as big of a response as possible , essentially trolling , there are some truths in what he says and for example , dealing with russia when everybody is limiting trade stands to make us a decent profit in the long run . 
  well they kind of not want to own up to murdering a nation , which is somewhat embarassing for a state to do . 
  anyone outside of turkish state representatives on the other hand ... 
  i have a master 's degree in feels . 
  it 's a rather common phenomenon . 
  hollier than the pope . 
  t_d started as a troll subreddit , but enough serious people latched on to be midly disturbing, 
  it 's directly inspired by the na satire , so i do n't think there are all that many doing it , since it 's mostly interesting only to the younger audience . 
  that means it was blocked by the uploader , not by any other entity . 
  they had a deal that expired in 2009 , however they could n't agree on a new deal , therefore making google the infringer , so they rather blocked the videos . 
  as the years went by , gema 's position eroded by a lot , since in practice any german author could n't publish their own work on youtube . 
  i think the admins should just ban everybody who ever posted in thedonald or politics for 24/48 hours and disable new account creation . 
  ( yes , that includes me ), 
  he can just bomb dresden to be sure . 
  i 'm pretty sure just his words about russia and nato are enough to make the whole continent unite . 
  because the alternative is literally hitler ? 
  we got holocaust deniers , everybody got their own breed of crazy, 
  i occcasionally buy some as a gift for family members , since i have a good idea about their tastes , but as a casual reading they are way too expensive , but you can get them at the usual places for free if you speak english ... 
  decent headlines catch less eyeballs, 
  ask poland first . 
  haveland is still free i think . 
  or we could go with zemanov . 
  everybody seems to forget that . 
  i usually try to politely correct them once , but then i just do n't care . 
  i mean , the state has n't done anything to anyone for over 20 years , so everybody thinks of it fondly ... 
  afaik it 's not a new name , just a one that can be officially used . 
  i smell bs , there 's a difference between living at home and having your permanent residence there , you usually change that only when you get a job , because it 's a pain to manage it in the dorms/shared flats . 
  jesus , you must enjoy christmas . 
  even later you see nobles inviting a royal from another country to rule since feudal system demanded a king to head a country . 
  of course , they probably are n't going to invite a strong ruler , the title was more important . 
  i do n't mind hawaii , but nuts on my pizza ? 
  if she ever considered meddling in the justice system of germany than she needs a lesson on how to run a modern democratic republic , especially when there was a really good chance the case would be closed anyway . 
  i think therre 's a difference between being a moron and having your weaknesses actively exploited and circulated . 
  everyone has a weak point , the media just need to find and use it . 
  i 've been poking fun at the fact that we should by really afraid of refugees despite about a grand total of 20 ? 
  of them here . 
  you know , election time . 
  if our politicians are right , it 's import only xd, 
  well , if they want to pass it , they probably should throw us a bone . 
  coming to a tabloid near you ... 
  would n't that imply you are thrilled by being around other people ? 
  does n't sound very finnish . 
  as others mentioned , moving germans out of the occupied countries was in my opinion a blessing in disguise , since there are documented cases in czech republic of people taking justic into their own hands at the end of the war and murdering german families . 
  this is in a country that was n't hurt nowhere near as badly as poland . 
  communism did n't do my country much good , but i wonder if it did n't help keep peace by making both sides bury the hatchet . 
  depends on when and in which pub do you ask , but you might get the same answer :p, 
  the part where one side is asking to stop the talks completely ? 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/ttip-trade-deal-agreement-failed-brexit-latest-news-eu-us-germany-vice-chancellor-a7213876.html neither side budged , so that 's why it is a failure - eu wo n't drop their standards and us has no point in rising theirs, 
  trump has been talking about a lot of things , but with zero sense or consistency, 
  well , i 'm going to generalize again , but the people who study these things are generally not career chasers , so they might very well prefer to chill out at home instead of the stress that comes with learning another language and uprooting your social circle, 
  might be my skewed perception , but plenty of graduates go west and i 'm planning to too . 
  on the other hand czech republic easily has it best out of the whole eastern block and a lot of western corporations have an office in prague , so why move somewhere else when your job comes to you ? 
  it 's mostly due to the specialization - the number of people graduating skyrocketed in the last 10-20 years , but not with the degrees that are in demand - mostly it/engineering . 
  there 's also a huge split between the major cities and other areas - i do n't think it 's possible to stay unemployed in prague unless you really want to . 
  cuba has been doing that for ages, 
  thanks , some interesting history i had no idea about . 
  that 's basically my opinion too - who did it is relatively unimportant unless there 's a footage of him giving orders or something , since he gets the benefit no matter what . 
  did they share it or is the press and eventually the society dancing to his tune ? 
  if eu is n't making its member states a better place to live it 's failing it 's purpose . 
  there 's a world of difference between depression and going postal - let 's start with leaving the house to begin with . 
  if you look at the raw numbers , it 's hard to even make a statistic what a terrorist looks like , since you ca n't even use the psychiatric evaluation methods at all usually .
