  that 's because the german laws limit them a lot more . 
  it 's still `` angst , hass , titten und wetterbericht '' as the song goes , they just do n't want to get sued . 
  or maybe `` pre-op , but taking the pills '' ? 
  then i suggest uk , canada or usa , anywhere else you are looking into learning the local language which is a handicap , less so if you are looking for large companies , let 's say in it , but still . 
  better if you come knocking with a job lined up or some relatives already living there , look up immigration policies of each of those countries and job prospects . 
  you might also look into using vpn or tor if you are afraid for your privacy , but i 'm no expert . 
  depends on your skills and languages you know - eu is right over , uk might be looking to replace people who will be fleeing in a moment , usa/canada are a big leap , but generally their immigration politic is more stable . 
  if you speak a language then it gets a lot easier . 
  erdogan never had any intentions to join the eu and i do n't think anyone involved in those discussions had any pretenses otherwise . 
  he just dangles it in front of the interested people every once in a while before yanking it away . 
  while it 's tough to swallow , i have to agree , either you trust that turkey can sort its shit out or you do n't trust their sovereignty , which is a huge leap in international relations . 
  of course , what you personally think is something completely different . 
  yeah , but he also said democracy is the worst way to rule , except that all the others are worse . 
  * points at czech republic *, 
  let quebec handle sa by uniting them by teaching french , australia will be lured in by canada 's less ridiculous dollars . 
  yeah , but that description appeared only after the earth was destroyed , therefore that description was about a single person . 
  iirc they never said what the description was before that happened . 
  i 'd go with `` city of london with less rain '', 
  damn , roasted . 
  yeah , but all the anti-eu groups in the other countries would gun for their own referendums if uk leaves , which could reasonably threaten eu as we know it , especially if they manage to drum all the immigration fears to next level . 
  london attacks have n't been that long ago ... 
  i 'm fairly sure that is one of the reasons , but they will probably not say it out loud . 
  ea was even wondering if people knew what or when ww1 was and that they will have to target the marketing accordingly . 
  on one hand , it 's depressing how quickly people forget , on the other hand i 'm amazed how much thought they put into these things . 
  dictators are rarely known for their thick skin . 
  fuck you with a gipsy dick , 
  then you obviously have no idea what you are talking about or are trying too hard . 
  try something like : `` hoegaarden is better '' or `` germans still make better ones '' or `` poland could make it better and cheaper '', 
  you would rather be german, 
  also `` tag teamed '', 
  no , apparently just a german nutjob . 
  france was regarded as an ideological ally by the east due to their socialistic policies , it 's interesting how politics shape culture and vice versa, 
  czech dubbing is regarded as almost better than the original performance , so that might have something to do with it . 
  it was also one of the few movies that came in from the west with the government 's blessing . 
  might be time to bring those back . 
  the central europe has n't been in eu long enough for people to forget all the things that sucked before . 
  one side ran a half of europe into the ground , the other helped rebuild it and the statistics speak for itself ... 
  well , til . 
  still opens you to a lot of abuse , vast majority of people give you a blank stare when you say `` encryption key '' . 
  when you have to vote in person , humans are surprisingly scarce resource . 
  once you get computers involved , sky is the limit . 
  and you are winning . 
  i always thought security would be the easier part , however anonymous and secure is bloody impossible . 
  if you could assign every vote to a voter , potential fraud would be minimal , but it 's also really bad idea . 
  so you chose neither ? 
  the contribution/help from the company was n't reported to the officials and the leave campaign outright denied it . 
  so there 's something very fishy going on . 
  hey it 's good for language practice :d where else would german teachers worldwide find material to fill up lessons . 
  nose , boobs , artifical hymen , anything you want . 
  diabetic mothers are no joke . 
  tschechien is so much better !, 
  kinda like trumpglish, 
  this one was actually really funny . 
  we might have grammar from hell , but at least our pronounciation is mostly consistent . 
  who just happens to have jews in the family too . 
  oh the irony . 
  several problems : 1 ) retroactively you are going to fuck over some of the smartest people around , if not straight up ruin them . 
  any single loophole can and will be abused . 
  if a doctor closes up shop because of a politician , people notice . 
  2 ) you ca n't single out one field , unless your whole healthcare system becomes nationalized or something and then you better be ready to incentivize that field , or the quality , if not the number of applicants will take a nose dive . 
  3 ) they will simply go study it elsewhere , almost every university in the eastern bloc has an english program ready to take them . 
  4 ) free movement of people is one of the tennets of eu . 
  5 ) healthcare is one of the fields politicians generally have a decency to not fuck with , since majority of the population requires it and when a politician made you unable to get your medicine , you are going to remember it when election comes . 
  there are possible solutions , like automating parts of the healthcare ( technology is not there yet ) and more middle-level staff ( takes time and resources to train ) , importing doctors/nurses from elsewhere ( usa ) but not many countries are willing to go that way , yet , however you can straight up throw more money at the problem to stop the bleeding , which is n't happening here sadly . 
  i would be happy to speak czech if it meant my pay was similar to my friends who studied engineering and i was n't one problem away from jail . 
  it might be true for it/engineering , but for example healthcare is pretty straightforward , about 10 % of graduates in my country and similar number later are going to move out , because the salary and working conditions are not even close when compared to the rest . 
  however that is something the politicians have n't done anything about for the past 15-20 years and i do n't see any change on the horizon , so that 's probably on us . 
  there is and thank god for that , but the brain drain is very much real . 
  i do n't think you can blame average person for how the state acts , especially in a regime where they have no power . 
  neither of those two are known for actively supporting groups wanting to destabilise european democracy . 
  eu helps build a lot of infrastructure throught europe , each time with a handy banner explaining what it did , which is imo tremendously helpful for its image . 
  the effectiveness might be questionable , but you ca n't deny it improves lives . 
  the other big thing is not needing passport while traveling , no messy customs and so on . 
  half of europe still remembers how shit it used to be under russia 's control . 
  their national policy is literally `` russia first '' , which is immediately concerning since it means they will take advantage of any event favoring them and if necessary , even create some . 
  we are not in danger of being invaded , but their sponsorship of extremist groups directly threatens stability and democracy of eu states . 
  any foreign actor doing that should be treated with suspicion . 
  i heard russia likes him . 
  i really wonder how much they doctored the pictures or if it 's just the technical limits of photography at the time, 
  as long as you keep up with news from multiple media outlets and countries , i think you are in the clear . 
  tv news is probably the worst channel for information next to tabloids , but what they did still sounds underhanded . 
  they wo n't initiate any open conflict , unless they see no other way . 
  putin is not stupid , they do n't have the resources , however they absolutely will take advantage of any event by underhanded methods . 
  basically they are that person who will take any chance to embarass , take advantage of or weaken you while staying out of the spotlight . 
  usa , eu and to an extent even china are taking some responsibility for the planet these days , which does gives them some moral ambiguity , but russia seems to only have itself in mind . 
  or they have been told that they should be afraid of foreign people ? 
  given the way we are using electronics , the idea of breaking up a company that owns all parts of an electronic ecosystem has some merit , however it would probably result in a poorer product for the conosumer . 
  actually , it does make the hygiene easier and therefore lowers the risk of penis cancer . 
  however , we are at a point where hygiene is easy to achieve regardless of circumcision and medicine frowns on useless procedures , since it still carries a certain level of risk . 
  all of it, 
  it did n't since it was bullshit in the first place . 
  every case i saw was a desperate politician trying to score some votes , or the parents being really incompetent/ignorant of the laws of the country they chose to raise their children in . 
  needs * norway = stolen children *, 
  joint session/meeting of governments, 
  damn you schengen !, 
  should we invite some swedes over to help prevent that ? 
  true , however once the state starts limiting it , it can lead to a very slippery slope , so i believe it 's better to combat hate with education, 
  i 'm fairly confident they will realise titilation will boost their traffic very soon . 
  actually us has a lot more freedom of speech protection , however eu tends to be more tolerant . 
  facebook is a great tool to keep up with friends from all over the world , however to use it as a news source or for discussion is a terrible idea .
