  people need some goals , some way to contribute to society and something the society can reward them for . 
  just saying that work is optional does n't magically solve that . 
  then there will always be income inequality , unless you live in an ideal communist state , which did n't fare well if history taught us anything and a whole consumer culture revolves around you having enough money to afford the latest thing . 
  well if germany ever gets erect , everyone around will freak out . 
  but the number of countries participating has been rising constantly , i think breakdown by country would be better . 
  romea.cz is hardly unbiased source , they are basically the polar opposite of stormfront and assorted trash, 
  that 's exactly how it works , but you have to account for legit use of painkillers and other drugs - if a city has a hospital with huge oncology clinic , the numbers for heroin would be inflated . 
  never ever trust politicians , always doubt what they are saying and fear the worst from them . 
  at least try to keep them honest . 
  however i ca n't imagine such treaty being passed without ratification by every eu country , unless something changes in the structure of eu . 
  it 's much easier to learn/practice english through exposure in media , german is school or nothing for vast majority of people , even language learning sites like duolingo are only for those actively trying to practice . 
  there 's no way we would be neutral after the war one way or another , but i guess usa 's economic help would put us on the level of germany these days . 
  do n't forget we had uranium , it was pretty hot resource after the war ended . 
  slovakia also extends pretty far to the east , `` a dagger in russias 's side '' if you want to get dramatic . 
  i wonder why tho , so many postgrad students from the east ? 
  well , czech is a beautiful language and all , but i would n't wish learning it to the tiniest detail on my worst enemy . 
  although if you work in the country , i think learning at least the basics so you can communicate at the shop , restaurant etc. 
  is common sense . 
  this is pretty common , however no doctor in their right mind would prescribe you something that could actually harm you . 
  that said , if big pharma keeps quiet about potential side effects , disasters can happen . 
  i 'm not paying much attention to czech politics ... 
  well , they need to protect their investment ... 
  i thought you can just replace it with `` ss '' for the same effect ? 
  is n't he also restricting freedom of the press ? 
  why ? 
  getting a new flag , president and name does n't fix old problems, 
  my method is to find the nearest starbucks, 
  well , i think you ca n't teach people a language , they have to learn themselves . 
  i certainly was n't taught enough to get c1 in english ( could go for c2 , but i do n't think it 's worth the money ) by others , it was mostly my effort and time - watching movies , reading books and teachers filled in some gaps in grammar , but that 's it . 
  it 's the same with other languages , i was taking 4 years of spanish , but that 's mostly useless beyond basic conversation and grammar , simply because i did n't put in the extra effort . 
  so you just speak czech , they speak slovak and it works . 
  i run into so many slovaks in czech universities and we usually make no effort to adjust our language ( except for names of the months ... ), 
  well , every single time i go shopping and i see seniors hunting for sales czech dream pops back into my mind . 
  i 'd go for czech dream personally : http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0402906/, 
  dictator stroking his ego ? 
  whoops , sorry, 
  i really hope you are trolling, 
  that kind of fits my limited experience with turkey with what i heard from others ( erasmus etc. ), 
  - every region thinks the others are weird :d, 
  there 's still the president who needs to quit, 
  ... a few things :d interesting topic !, 
  i do n't think there 's that much to know , it 's good to know the role of czechoslovakia after ww1 , because at that point it was pretty wealthy country and how the occupation by germany happened and that we actually were n't damaged that much by war compared to surrounding countries , which was one of the reasons stalin wanted us ( the other one was uranium ) and if you ever need to know why we have so many atheists - 40 years of communism , where the church was systematically destroyed and uprooted from daily life . 
  i could be russian too, 
  tbh when i was in india few years back , i just defaulted on saying i 'm from czechoslovakia , because that was the country everybody knew and it felt rather rude to correct them every single time . 
  yay for your past being greater than the present . 
  hell no , as someone who uses english every day i still like my native language . 
  should there be like 2-3 ? 
  yeah , probably , but good luck making eu decide on those . 
  zeman is . 
  since his opponent in the last elections was a muppet , i 'd still say we picked the lesser evil . 
  who else elects a troll as a president ? 
  i 'm not sure how much he has to do with any trades taking place though , our president 's duties are mostly ceremonial in addition to shitting on media and other politicians . 
  as far as i understand the weapons are not made here , so somebody is only acting as a broker , which is a lot more nebulous role and a few bribes usually go a long way . 
  sometimes it 's pretty hard to stay consistent , since i , like most people probably was taught british english , but then when you expand on that with popular media , it 's mostly american english , so in the end i end up flip-flopping between them and it makes the natives really confused . 
  you do n't even have to copy it , that was the first thing that came to my mind when i read the title, 
  yeah , do n't go drinking in norway :d, 
  still about 3x more expensive than poland or czech republic :d, 
  got my imperial units wrong , basically beer on tap is around 1 $ , less in markets, 
  i 'd sooner sell my soul than pay that for a beer 2 or i 'm going back home . 
  i would n't be so sure , last time they rolled around they self-destructed soon after, 
  almost definitely , whole eastern europe has brain drain problems, 
  not to mention people leaving eastern europe usually do so after obtaining education and skills required to work in another country . 
  that there 's already a system in place to do the exact opposite , discriminate . 
  shame there 's also a court of public opinion then . 
  well there 's a joke that czech republic is doing best when it 's ran by austrians or germans , but yeah , this is n't it . 
  i do n't think they had much of a choice , they probably paid money to get to eu in advance and this is what was waiting to pick them up . 
  it 's either kiss your savings goodbye or take the truck . 
  ah , the plug-and-play of politics, 
  nope , africa was the original asia when it comes to cheap labor ... 
  ~ 300 years ago, 
  just for any other document that can identify you ? 
  like others mentioned - nostalgia . 
  by any hard numbers , we are doing almost exponentially better without them , but especially the old people like the idea of state handling everything and `` free stuff '' . well duh , nobody would pay for that shit anyway, 
  crimea has sevastopol , which is one of two naval bases of russia that has access to black/mediterranean sea . 
  if ukraine decided to go to eu , they would most definitely lose it and huge part of their southern fleet . 
  i think it 's a bluff , unless their generals are insane and putin 's politic is testament that their civil leadership is rather smart . 
  the putin/erdogan approach , i see, 
  i would n't mind banning dailymail links from the subreddit , they rarely seem to be based in reality and instead fuel circlejerks, 
  no , he would have to be worse than austrians for that, 
  since most of the military guys tends to be 18-25 years , they get a pass for being stupid from me , just accept your stupidity and move on . 
  because metamphetamine is known here as pervitin with street name `` pern\u00edk '' , which is gingerbread in english , so it actually makes sense, 
  not really , but they were n't usually well managed either . 
  what got destroyed were monuments to communism , since the new head guy did n't like the past ones , which i thought would be nice to have as a reminder . 
  go north to \u00dast\u00ed nad labem or a bit more east , like teplice and you will see much worse, 
  do n't judge a country by its capital , but yeah if you stick to prague there ai n't many differences . 
  go out and you will see that it 's still not western eu , but it 's getting there . 
  i remember way more gray unkept houses and building blocs , now almost all of them have a new coat of paint , the cars are also new ... 
  anybody nostalgic for `` the old times '' needs a kick in the butt . 
  and do n't get me started on freedom of movement pre 89 . 
  no kidding , the brits are awful at the game, 
  no kidding , the brits are awful at the game, 
  i was surprised how reasonable the prices in berlin were on my trip , not that different from prague . 
  can confirm , visited norway for a few days . 
  never thought our beer was that cheap . 
  where is that quote from ? 
  because i 'm absolutely stealing it, 
  something something not enough data , run the test again . 
  drop in reproduction seems to have more to do with education than economy , but yes , communism did wonders for gender equality , generally by giving a lot of social security . 
  i remember reading a commentary from a writer who ran to western germany in the 60s being dumbfounded by the average german thinking she should stay at home and tend to the kids instead of work . 
  it was a red dwarf reference ...
