the german architecture was a fantastic touch . 
  you are quite correct that republicans are becoming far more dangerous and retarded as time progresses , but this is a major shift in the way things are done , and frankly , people are not happy . 
  ( r ) or ( d ) , the policy of the united states has always been to support a united europe . 
  i suspect that will be the case after dickhead leaves office , too . 
  he is a tremendous dick , and his foreign policy has been at times an extreme departure from the norm . 
  is that a misspelling of `` whorecrux '' or `` horcrux ? '', 
   it 's funny that this seems to be a pattern with the left pretty much everywhere things have n't devolved into a two-party system : the left loses due to it 's tendency to split up in numerous factions refuse to work together due to petty squabbles , while the right will happily work together an win the day . 
  :( oh , it happens in the two party system too , fuck my life, 
  good lord , i feel dumb for not thinking of that . 
  excellent point . 
   which your article explicitly mentions was on accident . 
  according to the germans , and i do n't believe them . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't really have a problem with it , but it happened . 
  regardless of whether or not it was actually an accident , we * do * know that [ germany intentionally spies on other allied nations ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/german-bnd-intelligence-spied-on-friends-and-vatican-a-1061588.html ) , as well as [ foreign journalists . 
  ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/german-intelligence-spied-on-foreign-journalists-for-years-a-1136188.html )  the recruitment of the bnd agent was considered a lot more severe . 
  spying happens , but that was something entirely different . 
  fair enough . 
  [ germany also got caught spying on john kerry and hillary clinton . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/aug/16/germany-spied-john-kerry-hillary-clinton-der-spiegel ) i understand not trusting the us , but do germans really take spying on each other so personally ? 
  we all do it . 
   i googled white male privilege since you could n't spare the time of day . 
  the first three sites were wikipedia , huffington post , and everydayfeminism . 
  why would i trust two sites that are extremely liberal , and once that can be changed on a whim do n't just blindly trust it you fucking retard , do some goddamned research , jesus fucking christ . 
  how inept are you ? 
   people cite white male privilege as there problem because they ca n't own up to things that they did to themselves . 
  no they do n't , dipshit . 
  i am white and male and i 'm telling you right fucking now it 's real . 
   next zero countries in europe are socialist . 
  thus the scare quotes . 
   you know why they 're better to live in ? 
  because none of them share a huge fucking border with a third world country . 
  none of them have millions of illegal third world people . 
  but i guess with how the migrant crisis is going , they will soon enough . 
  lmfao , really ? 
  you 're going to blame mexico for the deteriorating quality of life in the us ? 
  spoiler alert , asshole : they 're better to live in because they enact policy that takes care of their citizens . 
   did the ussr like fun to live in ? 
  china ? 
  north korea ? 
  venezuela ? 
  i think america is a bit to capitalistic , but pure socialism is not the way . 
  and virtually nobody says it is . 
  i dislike socialists/commies/what the fuck ever almost as much as i do people like you . 
   says the people who will riot and protest in the streets and is inviting more people in to come and ruin this country what ? 
  i want republicans * out * of the country , i do n't want to bring more in . 
   white male privilege is fake and childish . 
  again , white male privilege is real and quantifiable . 
  the evidence is literally one easy google away , but you 're too fucking stupid to even do that . 
  and lol , it takes balls to call a concept childish when you refuse to believe in it just because it hurts your feelings . 
  grow the fuck up . 
   if you hate america so much then leave . 
  would if i could . 
   our country is crumbling because there are idiots out in the street going on about how socialism is good , and how all whites , males , and straight people are horrible . 
  wow , you 're a fucking idiot . 
  virtually every `` socialist '' european country is a better place to live than the us while americans starve in the streets because our government rather give tax breaks to billionaires then do something for the people , but sure , it 's the ebil socialists and ess jay dubyas thats killing america . 
  your stupidity is unfathomable , and yet common amongst republicans . 
   people like you are so divisive . 
  you 're what 's ruining this country shut the fuck up , republican scum like you is what 's ruining the country . 
  white male privilege is obvious and quantifiable , america is stuffed to the gills with dumbfucks like you and that 's why our country is crumbling , and like i said , you took the words from my mouth . 
  do you honestly believe you 're worth more of my time than that ? 
  you 've proven yourself to be a fucking idiot . 
  fuck off you autist, 
  wow , it 's like you took my thoughts and regurgitated them back at me . 
  wow , it 's like you took my thoughts and regurgitated them back at me . 
  you 're a retard, 
  do you think 1 black president means racism is over ? 
  lololol you live in an alternate reality . 
  except it is . 
  google `` institutional discrimination '', 
  except it 's provable that it exists, 
   does n't matter . 
  he was a republican . 
  what ? 
   oh i guess you 're one of those people who believes in white and male privilege ? 
  you have to blame all your problems on someone else i guess i am white and male and it is definitely real, 
   they just so happened to switch ? 
  how convenient for you yes , look up the southern strategy . 
  that 's why the south used to be overwhelming democrat and is now republican . 
   and democrats would rather demonize all men and white people you 're a fool if you think if pointing out systematic inequality is demonization . 
   yes republicans are so racist that we ended slavery and fought to keep this country together those republicans would be dems today . 
  the parties switched . 
   because democrats keep promising them free shit because republicans would rather give tax cuts to the rich than help out the american poor . 
   yet still no link take literally [ one second out of your life to google something , jfc . 
  ] ( https://www.aclu.org/news/aclu-files-lawsuit-challenging-wisconsins-unconstitutional-voter-id-law )  you 're the racist one here . 
  you act like they 're too dumb or too stupid to be able to get voter registration . 
  racism of low expectations no , i act like a political party is targeting their ability to vote because they overwhelmingly vote for the other political party . 
  [ why do n't you educate yourself instead of leaving me dumb responses . 
  ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/courts_law/getting-a-photo-id-so-you-can-vote-is-easy-unless-youre-poor-black-latino-or-elderly/2016/05/23/8d5474ec-20f0-11e6-8690-f14ca9de2972_story.html?utm_term=.0889d85a1539 ) there 's a reason the gop loses the minority vote every single election . 
  hint : it 's because they think republicans are racist and that they do n't serve their interests . 
   violating the rights of people to vote against racial lines is very clearly against the law and any government official who does that is guilty of civil rights violations . 
  there 's not even a question about it , so if this happened you should be presenting those facts . 
  `` such and such did this and this happened to him/her '' . 
  they claim it 's targeted against democrats , which is legal . 
  they just curiously aim it at disproportionately minority communities , because they overwhelmingly vote democrat ( for reasons like this , the republican party is obviously racist ) . 
  republicans like don yelton have admitted in public that these efforts hurt democrats and `` lazy blacks '' . 
   the fact that you have not done that tells me that you do n't have any example . 
  you 're probably referring to the multiple suits that have been filed against voter id laws or redistricting plans , which have to run their course and usually get to a higher court . 
  but that 's very far from the obvious criminal act of suppressing someones vote . 
  again , you have nothing . 
  yes , i am talking about voter suppression efforts like in north carolina , where they are struck down by the courts for targeting blacks with [ `` surgical precision '' ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/30/us/federal-appeals-court-strikes-down-north-carolina-voter-id-provision.html ) or in texas where [ federal judges ruled it intentionally discriminates .
