i think stating that all religion is cancer is a fairly dubious statement . 
  i 'm not religious myself , but i 'd say intolerance of religion and the beliefs of others is a greater problem than religion itself . 
  besides , why is a lack homogeneity necessarily a bad thing ? 
  multiculturalism does n't necessarily have to cause a rift in society . 
  if we combat ignorance , it wo n't be a problem . 
  you probably think i 'm an idealistic , soppy lefty , but i can assure you i 've seen the truth of both our arguments in person . 
  education and understanding is the key . 
  hah , if you think efficiency is ever a good measure of a states worth , the west is by no means the right place to look . 
  governments and public services are , as a general rule , incredibly inefficient . 
  do you think economic growth is necessarily the measure of a nations success ? 
  i 'd argue that a better measure is freedom of expression and happiness . 
  for sure , and i 'm not debating that . 
  i just think in this case it 's very much an emotionally charged political decision . 
  call me cynical , but i 'd put this decision down to pursuing public approval , rather than any kind of deeply held animal rights beliefs . 
  right , but these two issues are intrinsically linked . 
  if you 're going to implement regulation this area , it may as well tackle the more important aspects of said area . 
  because religious freedom goes some way to prove that a state sees the importance of freedom of expression . 
  efficiency and profits should not be the primary aim of any government , it should be the security and happiness of the people it represents . 
  utilitarianism is a horrible concept . 
  animal rights , according to the danish , come before religion , but not efficiency . 
  the very idea that they can even consider banning this and not tackling factory farming is insulting . 
  i 'm saying that immigration itself is not a problem . 
  even 2nd and 3rd generation immigrants that were born in the country tend to be poor and uneducated . 
  it is n't about race , culture or anything like that , it 's social status and the lack of equal opportunities . 
  the idea that someone has any less right to live somewhere because they happened to be born in another country is ridiculous and extremely arbitrary . 
  what about society ? 
  are you implying immigrants damage society ? 
  there always have and always will be people who damage society , immigrant or no . 
  have you noticed that most of the `` dangerous immigrants '' you hear about are poor , young and uneducated ? 
  my daughter poppy and i do love to save money , after all one must walk in the shoes of the common people from time to time !, 
  are you aware that in many countries , per capita , the natives claim more benefits and use more sources ? 
  besides that , immigrants are good for the economy , working many jobs that natives would n't touch with a 10-foot barge pole . 
  most 1st generation immigrants are people who want to work . 
  sure it does , but it 's still a tragedy . 
  sometimes planes fly into buildings and kill thousands of people , you could just say `` it happens '' but that would be insensitive . 
  i ask again , do you not have any empathy ? 
  500 people just died a horrible death , do you have no empathy ? 
  you 're a sick , sick person . 
  it should n't be ruled out , but think of how globalised the economy is . 
  war with russia would be cataclysmic for the eu , and the loss of european money would fuck russia to the point of no-unfuckering . 
  putin is a smart man . 
  he knows that any war would end with him in hiding , or in court in brussels . 
  europe at the time was like pop-up-pirate , a powder-keg of alliances and arms races . 
  at some point , it would have gone off , whether ad . 
  franz ferdinand was assassinated or not . 
  i 'm not sure , i ca n't remember exactly where i read it , i 'll go find that . 
  edit : http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/video-shows-missile-launcher-leaving-3880198 i might be mistaken about confirmation about the number of missiles fired at the 747 . 
  with the kremlin overlooking the crash site though , it 's doubtful we 'll ever know . 
  the black boxes are gone . 
  but it 's not . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , the launcher was missing two missiles , which is apparently the same number as was fired at mh17 . 
  the post that turned / r/europe into / r/creepshots, 
  # 1 million is basically a regular family house in london , and 50k is just about comfortable . 
  i do n't see the problem , arrest this guy if he 's guilty but do n't punish his family . 
  coolio, 
  nothing wrong with grime , and i have n't seen a gold chain for years . 
  just google russian tracksuit and that 's basically what they look like . 
  i do n't understand it , i 've gotten out of clubs and bars absolutely plastered many a time but the only thing on my mind is eating something greasy or going to sleep , and yet i 've still been involved in fights through no fault of my own , like the time 4 drunk teenagers attacked me as i was getting on a night bus , or the time a friend got randomly punched in the face by a drunk girl ( 4 stitches , rings hurt ) , or the time a guy threatened to stab me outside a club over the only taxi in the rank , or the time someone picked up a metal pipe after i refused to give them a cigarette outside a spoons . 
  i could keep going . 
  most of the time you just tell them to fuck off and keep walking , and do n't go to shit clubs . 
  if a nightclub has official photographer photos on facebook of guys wearing tracksuits and trainers , run a marathon in the opposite direction because there 's definitely 30 dickheads in there just waiting to bottle you . 
  well , it 's been our territory since before argentina was a sovereign nation . 
  alongside that , a vote that was considered by international observers as free , fair , and unbiased , there was almost unanimous support for the status quo . 
  i hate to say it but the argentine claim is mostly based on propaganda and economical truth-telling . 
  though i recognise it was a junta at the time , they should be offering us an apology for causing the deaths of 255 british servicemen , 3 unarmed civilians , and countless resulting deaths from ptsd as a result of the conflict . 
  it 's basically british newfoundland . 
  holy hell the down-votes , whoever is doing that needs to chill . 
  did you see the sandwiches they had on the split-hvar ferry ? 
  friend of mine was starving so he got a salami sandwich , it was more or less a single slice of salami between two pieces of cardboard for 4 euros . 
  pivo was n't bad . 
  ca n't you see that crime comes from deprivation/poverty ? 
  there 's just no need to focus on race here . 
  because it 's racist propaganda . 
  why are you so bothered about what a specific race is doing half a world away ? 
  could i perhaps draw your attention to the most popular videos on that channel ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/user/dailykenn/videos?sort=p&amp;view=0&amp;flow=grid noticing any themes ? 
  it 's mostly videos about black people . 
  bit ... questionable . 
  one anecdotal video , plus those two bits of text at the end . 
  that 's it - i 'm utterly convinced that african immigrants are usually problematic criminals . 
   usually, 
  * please do n't be refugees , please do n't be refugees , please do n't be refugees ... *  police arrested the six men aged 17 , 19 , 22 , 23 , 24 and 45 years of preliminary determination that come from afghanistan , iraq and syria . 
  according to a police spokeswoman least five of had men applied for asylum in germany . 
  for fuck sake . 
  i 'm all for immigration , but it 's only logical that this will happen . 
  people are more likely to emigrate if they have no stake in society . 
  there 's a dry oil rich kingdom that could probably help with that . 
  to be fair to the tsa , i 'm sure knitting needles could be used as a deadly weapon . 
  have n't been since the towers came down myself . 
  i 'm sure it 'd jsut be a long fucking queue , but i get how you feel . 
  rekt, 
  uh , i 'm not sure nobody cares . 
  you might not , but people do . 
  are you implying that kiev is lying that there are russian soldiers in donbass ? 
  i 'm sure they could take a short break from talking about how they did n't even want to go to oxford to do it . 
  maybe we should all use / r/europe instead of our national subreddits . 
  that clarifies it even further , thanks . 
  you would n't believe the level of ignorance over here ; i spent last night convincing my over-excited friends that sinn fein was n't suddenly going to take their seats and join the progressive alliance . 
  thanks for informing me , i always assumed the ira were the actual threat , and the loyalist paramilitaries were a bunch of goons . 
  we spent far longer covering republican violence .
