i did n't say `` communists '' i said `` commies . '', 
  and i have a pretty good idea what the uk is like . 
  left wingnuts ? 
  that seems to be the case most of the time ... look at soviet russia , cuba , red china , cambodia , vietnam , etc. 
  are you citing [ chamberlain ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peace_for_our_time ) ? 
  you should put the quotes around and give proper credit ... , 
  left wingnuts took over ... 
  yup . 
  the commies 've been running uk for some time now , no wonder that happens . 
  should n't us lend ukrainians a few drones ... ? 
   ukraine was theirs for centuries . 
  which centuries , exactly ? 
   if successful , putin will be remembered by history as the founder of `` new russia '' . 
  i 've heard rumors he wants the tzar crown for himself ... 
   hammered between several enemy states imagine that !, 
  bunch of european immigrants moved to middle east , took over , displaced natives by force and intimidation , declared they are a state and wonder why the hell neighbors do n't love them ... 
   but if you , as a people , under multiple fundamentally different governments , consistantly push psycho after psycho to the forefront for over a hundred years are you dissing the americans ? 
   what kind of booze can be made using apples ? 
  til putin is no worse than mexican druglords ... 
   go ask the palestinians and the israelis funny you mention that . 
  anytime palestinians try to abide by the truce israelis build more settlements ... 
  that was the most idiotic thing gandhi ever said . 
  if you do n't take my eye out you will not lose yours . 
   he has blood of innocents on his hands now . 
  he was fucking kgb - he 's had blood of innocents on his hands for a long time . 
  would n't be surprised if it were the literal blood ... 
  ... so is ( perfectly legal ) acetaminophen ... 
  there were plenty of people who ** did n't whore themselves out ** to the sb . 
  whatever his reasons ( and every snitch had their reasons , ) not only did he lie about it he also publicly insulted jkm . 
  he is a louse and he did deserve the slapping . 
  it is a sorry state of the country if a creature as repulsive as boni gets elected . 
  he did promise he would do that ... , 
  assuming you ever get `` your shit back . '', 
  does n't happen too often . 
  `` robber caught '' does not equal `` victim helped . '', 
   full-face veil is not a religious thing . 
  it is a cultural thing , limited only to some parts of the muslim world . 
  that 's true . 
  on the flip side : wearing a bra is a cultural thing as well . 
  would you be ok with ban on bras ? 
  how are your rights being infringed on by the woman wearing a veil ? 
  it was also waldorff 's dog 's name ... , 
  we 've been fucked up the ass by you guys for so long that america 's dick in the mouth seems like improvement ... 
  ... which did n't prevent them from getting the nukes ... 
   i 'd rather wait for official investigation do n't be naive . 
  official investigations always find out what the officials want them to find out . 
   from what i 've read earlier he talked with belka about introducing quantitative easing as a one of tools of the national bank for stimulating growth . 
  ... in exchange for certain favors ... 
  they would n't have a snowball in hell chance of being elected ... 
  quality of your post , perhaps ? 
  does the map tell us the loudness of the population or its `` whininess '' ... ? 
  hehe ... 
  i should be a hungarian !, 
  there must be something to the old saying `` polak , w\u0119gier dwa bratanki , i do szabli i do szklanki '' , 
  sure . 
  but the government people might not like it ... 
   they 've consistently broken stories criticising all governments massively perhaps that 's exactly why he does n't like it ... , 
  that would be associating yourself with a crappy car ... , 
   why would you do this if they are already active ( and doing it for free ) . 
  so they say things you want them to say , not what they think ... 
   according to my uncle who studied in ukraine , very pro-russian ( it is basically ex-russian ) and people are welcoming to this whole thing . 
  ask your uncle one day if he thinks germany taking over sudetenland was ok with him too ... , 
   til hitler and putin predate the monroe doctrine . 
  us gets antsy when russia sent a cruiser for naval exercises with venezuela in their and international waters , cuba does n't have the right to self-determination , but when russia protests military bases being built on its border , it is [ le ] terally hitler . 
  hmm ... 
  i have a neighbor who got caught shoplifting several times . 
  does it make it ok for me to go shoplifting ? 
   so does the present us president , or the present french president , or the present polish president . 
  yup . 
  all are thieves ... 
   consider pinochet or franco . 
  or even present day china . 
  they all live pretty good lives at taxpayers 's expense ... not too many ascetic tyrants in history . 
  even the left 's idol - lenin was pretty fond of his rolls-royce . 
   if russia can stand there and finally stop all the wars interventions and conflicts that we seem to be getting ourselves in then that 's probably a good thing . 
  ... and the best way of stopping `` all the wars interventions and conflicts '' is to start a new war , of course ... 
   there is a difference between `` kleptocratic '' , `` authoritarian '' and `` bolshevik '' , you know . 
  is there ? 
  so , what is it ? 
  remains me of the old joke from the communist times : the polish dude finds an old lamp , he rubs it and the genie appears and asks for his three wishes . 
  the dude thinks for a while and says `` i want chinese army to come for a visit and then get back to china . '', 
  `` ok '' says genie , `` and what 's your second wish ? '', 
  without thinking anymore the dude says `` i want them to come the second time , and the third time for a third wish . '', 
  now genie gets curious : `` why do you want chinese army to visit three times ? '', 
  `` so they will have to march through russia six times ! '', 
  why should anything `` be done '' about it ? 
  what ? 
  that 's just his life savings ... , 
  we have fought russians and germans in 1939 - 45 ; russians in 1920 ; russians , germans and austrians in 1914 -18 ; etc , etc. . . so what 's your point ? 
   putin has no love for the soviet system < snort / , 
   he has edited all his coments to reflect different viewpoints that 's why it 's a good idea to quote while responding ... 
  yup . 
  the same . 
  the blacks in south africa had `` more personal liberty and better standards of living '' than in most of african countries too ... 
  depends on both the invader and the invadee ... 
  has there ever been an attack on a nato member state and nato has defended it timely ? 
  really ? 
  how come i can tell the difference between a darker skinned vietnamese and a lighter skinned indian ? 
   but my point was that race and nationality are n't the same thing never said they were ... 
   like black polish people do n't exist ?
