   but somehow the labour party is turning fascist ? 
  there 're very few political parties in europe that are n't at least partially fascist ... 
   ancient dna reveals matrilineal continuity in present-day poland over the last two millennia . 
  hmm ... kinda makes sense - the consecutive invaders killed off the men but kept the women ... 
   vitamin d deficiency became severe enough to be a significant selector of survival , and having a light skin means that your body can produce more of it with less light . 
  ok . got it . 
   the pale skins of the scandinavians developed as an adaptation to little sunlight . 
  how is that ? 
  they have little sunlight during the winter but a lot of it in the summer . 
   my initial point simply was that owning a gun for anything other than pointing it non human targets ( sports , hunting , farm-work ) is in fact a decision that needs some moral thought . 
  why ? 
  do you need some `` moral thought '' to own a golf clubs or a baseball bat ? 
  ... or , perhaps , your preoccupation with a tool might be `` downright bizarre '' ... 
  sure , never ... except for the last 20 years or so ... south central pa , where i live , is one of those areas where pretty much everybody owns firearms . 
  and guess what - people do n't really think or talk about them ( unless they got a new one and want to brag , ) it 's pretty much considered a tool , not much different than a drill or a saw . 
   no to mention the open fetish many americans have for guns - very disturbing . 
  seems to me it 's europeans who fetishize the firearms , for your average american firearm is just a tool ... 
   we just won the most wars ... except the one that mattered ... , 
   i forgot monaco . 
  would have been my first choice ... , 
  why should n't i beat up my wife while my neighbor does ? 
   they want shakira law is that the law administered by shakira ? 
  i might like that ... , 
  obviously . 
  there are some hipsters too ... , 
  reminds me of the joke popular in nazi-occupied poland : how does a true aryan look like ? 
  he 's blond like hitler , tall like goebbels and slim like goering ... 
   why ? 
  refers to the second season of `` the wire . '', 
  well , you are slowly getting extinct anyways - at least you will have somebody to work for you in your retirement ... 
   are you paid for that ? 
   nope . 
   then you are missing out . 
   and yes , what i am is someone who does n't want to become a minority in his own country . 
  maybe you should start procreating , then . 
  since you guys ( and gals ) do n't feel like it , you have to resign yourself to the fate you are so scared about ... 
  the biggest mistake we ever made was saving your sorry arses from the ottomans ... 
  and why exactly do you even give a shit ? 
  to be fair he said `` we ( meaning brits ) do n't live in a police state . '', 
  did n't say anything about germans ... < g , d & r / , 
  that 's rich : russian pontificating about freedom !, 
  what 's next ? 
  muslims rating scotch whisky ? 
   like how the death penalty prevents murder it does prevent further murders by the same dude ... 
  and girls are raped because they wear short skirts -- amiright ? 
  hmm ... that 's kinda ambiguous . 
  you do or you do n't ? 
  picture would be nice ( just for science , of course . ), 
   having a show where some girl gets her tits out just for the sake of that just seems rather poor class more than anything . 
  you believe high class girls do n't have tits ? 
   i wonder what would happen if germany decided to offer citizenship to german speakers in other countries former german territories . 
  well , actually they do . 
  if you have a grandfather who was born a german citizen you can be granted a citizenship . 
  or at least that was the case when i was in germany in the late 80s ... 
   was it still after its fall ? 
  would ukraine have their current `` tourists '' problem if they joined nato ? 
  you are missing the context : there 's nothing wrong with poor or elderly ladies , the problem is with the ladies who listen to [ father rydzyk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tadeusz_rydzyk ) and then go and vote accordingly . 
  those are the ones associated with mohair berets ... 
  a link to support a vague accusation ... but nevermind believe what you want ... 
  undoubtedly , you will kindly provide a link ... 
   the classic defense when you 're proven irrefutably wrong are you for real ? 
  what was i `` proven irrefutably wrong '' about ? 
   respond to the many points you did n't respond to what points ? 
  you have already had your answer :  so you were just acting like an ignorant dick just to highlight and exaggerate the ignorance of another poster !, 
   sounds like america is better never said otherwise . 
   basayev was justified . 
  got it . 
  great trolling . 
  and us is sooo innocent of any misdeeds in the middle east / s, 
   there have been multiple terrorist attacks by foreigners on russian soil . 
  you are full of shit . 
  yeah , but the ones you want do n't want to come ... 
  no one attacked america for the same time . 
  after 911 bush had some 90 % support . 
  pretty close to putin , actually . 
  and yes , the average russian is as much convinced `` russia is under attack '' as average american was back then . 
  considering that putin 's `` revilers '' tend to have unfortunate accidents , i 'd still say more than bush `` revilers '' back in 2003 ... 
  glad you feel like making your children work for the old geezers , but even if you make it a round dozen it will still not be enough , hence the need for more immigrants ... 
   you say russians are bad because of their leader ? 
  well then americans are just as bad !, 
  with all your superior intelligence you fail to see the point . 
  the post was not to diss americans , it was to show the dude he was full of shit . 
  and you did barge into conversation without understanding what was being discussed ... 
   what is your aim in bringing that up in a thread about russian medical sanctions ? 
  you seemed to just barge into the conversation - but my original point was to / u/4ringcircus who appeared to judge all russians by their `` leader . '', 
  point being america is n't really such a virgin , in that respect ... 
   i am glad that they are n't legal and easily available though , because it certainly complicates things on the whole what does it complicate ? 
  i 'm in south-central pennsylvania right now - pretty much everyone owns bunch of firearms and i can not see any `` complications . '', 
   i 'm in columbia and there are a lot of redneck types who are all about guns and hunting etc. 
  what 's wrong with rednecks ? 
  i find them much more sane than the metrosexual progressive hipsters ... 
   we are gun nuts nothing wrong with that . 
  both ? 
  problem ? 
  what problem ? 
   it was us who liberate poland , not them . 
  you did not `` liberate '' shit , you just changed the occupant ... 
  oh , and a grammar nazi to boot ... why i 'm not surprised . 
  btw , if you have n't yet figured it out , english is my second language ... 
   blind to your country misdeeds,
