  honorbly mentions : netherlands/holland . 
  because islemeer , vrikandels special and drempels . 
  czech republic : charles bridge , moldau , smetana , golden roofs ( if in prague ) , pilsner urquell ( mother of all beer ) . 
  ok , regarding the claim of ww2 reperations to germany , this is asdf . 
  it 's ok to me . 
  lets de-escalate , turn down sanctions , and get back to normal . 
  we 'll find a way . 
  take eagles instead . 
  he did ' t ask for financial aid , russia is n't the eu . 
  from what i heared he bowed down to russian wwii victims ( honourble ) . 
  i believe the russians gave him some deal on gas ? 
  maybe a german thing . 
  from my perspective it 's unique ( in europe ) and very beautiful . 
  give you beer pipeline , but then the elves must sing for us . 
  good , honest , people producing a fine wine . 
  then you sit in ankara and block off twitter and youtube . 
  with them , the force may be . 
  iceland we are coming for youuuu !, 
  that 's why we build all those offshore windfarms . 
  one day we will turn them into proppelers to give you a gentle shove towards the new world . 
  scandinavian polar lights . 
  there is no patriotism in germany , there are reglemented periods of waving the flag ( wc/ec ) . 
  everything else is verboten . 
  gender mainstream is a topic you left-green dudes brought up in abscence of a topic beside enviromentalism . 
  that and the perversion of language `` studierende/lehrerinnen '' is all you got left . 
   strangely we had temperature records the last years in central europe , because global / = regional . 
  does n't convince me to accept that global temperature is rising at all . 
   yeah , i never specified where it does melt . 
  and there are more places than the antarctic region where ice can melt . 
  antartica is the biggest occurence of ice on earth , since it 's at an all time high , the prove is on you that the total amount of ice actually did reduce . 
  where 's your prove ? 
  i do n't oppose alternative energy , but the hysteria is to much , it excels any sane reason . 
   dude , 99 % of scientists believe that humans are the cause of climate change . 
  do you have a source for your claim , or is that just you exaggerating by habit ? 
  facts !, 
   it 's a shitty opinion nevertheless and forever will be a shitty one . 
  in my mind your opinion is the shitty one , and forever will be . 
  so what ? 
  i did n't deny that there was climate change or a general upward trend in temperature , since we 're coming out of an ice age . 
  but i doubt that humans play a significant role in it . 
  climate will change , no matter what , but i just brought you two arguments against the current narrative . 
  a ) temperature is rising ( but it did n't for 15 years ) b ) antarctica ice is melting ( but it does not ), 
  or vice versa . 
  by bringing up pascals ' wager , you are just confirming my believe that human made climate change is actually a religion . 
  you just have to believe in it , and smear/intellectually burn all heretics . 
  [ antartica sea ice is actually at an all time high ] ( http://www.nasa.gov/content/goddard/antarctic-sea-ice-reaches-new-record-maximum ), 
  the end is near . 
  sorry i 'm wessi ( nrw ) and dont ' t like kenfm at all . 
  [ the median temperature has n't risen for the last 15 years . 
  my plans on moving to iceland just grew . 
  reminds me of the last days of rome . 
  nobody denies climate change , the climate always has changed and always will change . 
  people are just wondering how big of a part human carbon emmisons play in climate change . 
  regarding the median temperature has n't risen for the last 15 years , and the amount of money spent on `` climate change '' , that question is justified . 
   no , that 's literally the opposite of what science has shown us . 
  that 's maybe what your prefered scientist shows you . 
  science community is actually split on the topic . 
  median temperatur has n't risen for the last 15 years , how do you explain that ? 
   that 's just unnecessary discrimination and homophobia . 
  no it 's an opinion democratically expressed . 
  deal with it . 
  join the gutmenschen-crusades . 
  of course it plays a role , but not the key role climate crusaders want to make it . 
  the human factor in climate change is actually insignificant . 
  a child has the right to experience the full duality of genders in parenthood . 
  that generally means priority to a hetro-pair above a homo-pair regarding adoption . 
  nobody denies climate change , some are just wondering if human carbon emissions play a key role in climate change . 
  what about child rights ? 
  a child has a right to grow up with a mother and a father . 
  did you notice how greece does n't seem to be sovereign anymore ? 
  germany . 
  outside . 
  the eu is a misconstruction driven by an ideology of `` ever closer union '' , instead of cooperation by free choice . 
  [ non serviam ] ( https://globalewelt.files.wordpress.com/2013/10/eu-flagge-mit-kreuz.jpg ), 
  voicing a sane opinion in germany is extremly difficult nowadays . 
  the `` you are literally hitler '' - argument is excessivly used on every critic . 
  the underliying post-war-trauma is key , most germans try to distance themselfes from that time period by trying to implement a hyper moral and rescuer mentality . 
  it 's a collective helper syndrome ruling in germany . 
  germany the good rescuer , rescues world climate , rescues the euro , rescues greece , and is now rescuing every `` refugee '' . 
  talking sense into this morally crusading heros is a long and hard process . 
  the eu is broken - we need newrope, 
  i would like to see iceland , `` hawaii of the north '' , i would n't like to visit turkey , currently too dangerous . 
  hel is not hell, 
  finally a sane micro-action from the cdu . 
  nice , our police is wearing green again . 
  `` we the moral overlords of europe will tell you inferior side-states how it 's done '' thats the german narrative currently , but it 's slowly shifting . 
  within germany there is forming a huge , and particular radical opposition against merkels `` yes , we can '' - politics . 
  to my fellow europeans : keep opposing , you have the moral high-ground . 
  what 's your bet ? 
  i conclude , there 's no `` concept '' of native americans . 
  it 's all mere fantasy . 
  lessons on efficency : team up against bigger bully , then turn against smaller bully . 
  just like nazi-germany first , sowjet-russia second . 
  you should know . 
  we got a million reasons to keep cool . 
  group a : france , switzerland group b : england , slovakia group c : germany , poland group d : spain , croatia group e : belgium , italy group f : portugal , austria, 
  please leave the idea that asad must be droped prior to isis . 
  since poland and france swung right . 
  media ( left dominated ) output is slighly adjusting , pro border ( control ) and moderate islam critic voices get mayor newspaper coverage . 
  if you have irrational fears do as merkel suggested : go to the church .
