  actually , slavery around the world is very prevelant.an estimated 30 million people are in some form of slavery , with the biggest numbers in mauritania and uzbekistan , moldova being the leader in europe . 
  of course the capital wo n't feel the same.i 'm from bucharest myself , and as much as i like to complain about how poor we are , here it 's 10 times better than in , say vaslui ( a romanian county ) . 
  / r/tellmeafact ah heck , why not.in high schools , there are special places for rroma kids , so at the high school entry exam , they get to only compete with other rromas , not with all romanian people . 
  i know it may seem natural that catholic kids should be enrolled first , but this goes to a whole new level.muh secularism is deeply injured . 
  here you can choose if you want to participate to religion classes , and we might be one of the most religious countries in europe . 
   croatia-resident evil i would rather give croatia credit for got . 
  i looked up on the references and most of them were either moldovan sources or about basescu supporting the idea , and basescu is extremely hated among romanians.think of him as the romanian george w. bush.so i went searching on how many romanian officials are actually supporting the idea.turns out only [ 40 ] ( http://www.romania-insider.com/group-of-romanian-mps-want-countrys-union-with-the-republic-of-moldova/141949/ ) out of 412 mps are pro-unionists . that 's roughly 9.7 % . 
  he is well-known , but definitely not big . 
  those too , but a bit less . 
  that 's why i changed the title , because it was misleading . 
  i know that , and i actually am against the union , but the fact that someone so close to putin ( and therefore , to his propaganda ) would say something like that was more than surprising . 
   was n't it a proven fact that more than 50 % of ros want union , while around 5 % mdans want union ? 
  i highly doubt the unification is so popular here.source ? 
  well , magic fm is very popular here.radio guerilla was my favourite , but they closed it.others that are just as popular as magic fm are : pro fm , rock fm and radio zu ( which has a lot of ads btw , so better not ) . 
  you wo n't find a statistic about that for the simple reason that many eu countries still sell them.you can find them everywhere here , along with the economical ones . 
  before i get tagged , i want to say that the article 's title is misleading.only putin 's counselor thinks like that , while russia does everything to keep moldova under its sphere of influence . 
  also :  vatican city accent :47 what, 
  riiiight.nordrhein-westfalen matters a lot more , honestly . 
  '' what 's the silliest accent in europe ? '', 
  '' oh , liechtensteinian for sure . '', 
  seriously though , how did they even get 5 ? 
   and is now one of the smallest and poorest countries in europe . 
  i really hope you 're kidding.the poorest?not even close . 
  eea is just fine tbh . 
   easy . 
  just leave the eu . 
  then you are no longer influenced by eu decisions . 
  maybe how merkel deals with the refugee crisis will finally wake up ee countries to leave this shit union once and for all . 
  as if being in eu is something positive.it 's not a federation , we normally get to make our own decisions , not what a desilusioned far-left chancellor forces on us.but as long as you 're poor , you either suck germany 's dick or you 're useless.good pov , asshole . 
  when refugees do n't want to stop in countries like czech republic or austria , you know there is a problem with them . 
  if they do n't want to stop in austria , what makes her think they will gladly come here?merkel thinks eu is a federation or something , honestly . 
  i 'd rather say it 's the first translation , it makes more sense . 
  i 'd say nyc for countries like hungary and romania , but in poland ... boston maybe ? 
  it 's windier than in netherlands.cold as fuck too . 
  balkan.that tells you something ? 
  as if it was that simple.the eu mentality to countries like hungary is `` you do how we say or else out of eu and nato '' . it worked for us because gypsies like to declare themselves as ethnically romanians . 
  as / u/alalalt said : hypocrites . 
  i actually am curious about that too.i know some romanians who work in other european countries and most of them said they had no problem whatsoever . 
  who cares anyway?travelling visa-free is more than enough honestly.with or without passport , i could n't give less of a fuck about those hypocrites . 
  those sneaky scaffs made `` gypsy '' politically incorrect and now everyone makes the painful confusion.egypt had no problems at all , but we 're romania , we need to be laughed at . 
  but if we do something about it , we 're cruel opressors.always the double standards if the country in question is irrelevant . 
  lol.i really do n't see the difference though between that and jail though.getting horrible food , not being allowed to go outside , sometimes with a bud in the cell ... 
  i knew a belgian person will answer to this question , haha . 
  or other subreddits , like / r/mapporn . oh , the horror ... 
  after that , we start laughing uncontrolably whenever anyone says `` greater albania ! '', 
  but ... :(, 
  yep.the two nations share a long friendship since we fought together against the ottomans.even now , romania does n't recognize kosovo and we also share a common hatred against hungary ( maybe hatred is a brutal word , but i ca n't think of another one now ) . but , on a second thought , i think i should have put bulgaria there . 
  edit : for some reason , we also have a lot of albanian jokes , but i do n't think it 's because of serbia . 
  just for the record : how many times has this been posted here before ? 
  `` bozgor '' is a very insulting word used for hungarians.it 's kinda like the n-word for black people . 
  but we 're not balkan . ^ love ^ ^ us ^ ^ plz, 
  well , we hate them because they took our only island ( [ this one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/snake_island_ ( black_sea ) ) , which has a lot of natural resources ( and they also took parts of basarabia , but we do n't talk about them ) , poland because of lviv , belarus because of chernobyl , russia being russia , and moldova because of the basarabia land grab.slovakia and hungary -- no idea . 
  but we like you guys !, 
  country : romania favourite neighbour : serbia least favourite neighbour : hungary, 
  germany only made threats until now.when most eastern european countries refused the refugee quota , what happened?threats , nothing else . 
   and remainder of eu would naturally go an extra mile to ensure that countries that stay within the eu have more privileges than those on the outside -- both economic , with regards to eea access , and political . 
  again : i 'm sure no one will miss the foreign debt in such scenario.also the worst they can do to citizens of breakaway countries would be to install the visa again , which is n't that big of a deal , considering that this thing has n't stopped mass immigration in usa . 
   how is it unrealistic for countries to use their influence to get other countries to do what they want ? 
  switzerland would beg to differ.they could n't even convince them to get into eea , let alone making them join the eu.did they put an embargo on them?no , they maintained relations with the swiss , despite them having a hard time if eu would close all ties with them and just move to hsbc . 
  already posted, 
  i was talking about the worst case scenario which / u/jtalin suggested : `` what makes you think that the remainder of eu ( or germany/france/netherlands & friends ) is n't going to use their significant political influence to prevent that from happening anyway ? '', 
  it 's just an unrealistic what-if and i doubt that this is the first thing europe will think of when/if eu collapses . 
  no , i refered to the virgin girl example . 
  why does everyone think i refer to the empire?they lost relevance anyways , with france and germany taking all the european spotlight . 
  uhh , no.they did n't listen before , they wo n't listen now.while i agree that germany has too much power in eu , they know you do n't mean serious business.anyway , they let you have some degree of autonomy regarding a lot of things . 
  then what is this entertaining show for?i 'm really curious now that you said it . 
  at least we know how much relevancy we have.the original commenter 's comparison was very accurate btw . 
  you poor thing , you.trying to pick on someone 's ethnicity just because i talk shit about uk 's relations with eu.as i said , pathetic . 
  but it 's true.every time you 're doing the same , in hope you will get some long lost relevance back.it 's pathetic , honestly . 
  true , but it 's like they 're doing their best to not make it seem like a conational is guilty , even if this guy spent most of its life in usa.it 's just too much when even the bottom tag of the picture says that he was born in uk . 
  but we have salt , bauxite and most important , natural gas.i thought europe craves natural gas . 
  so?romania can do like iran and look east.i 'm sure countries like turkey and russia will be more than happy to strenghten relations with another country . 
  the whole eu already is under america 's sphere and we like it that way.what 's your point ? 
  no.not having eu means i can sell my fucking resources to other countries without europe shutting it down . 
  i 'm sure no one will miss the foreign debt and the restrictions on their very own market . 
  why ca n't we just keep eea and dissolve eu?controlling our own international relations became a dream after we joined eu . 
  this seems like a great method to motivate countries like vietnam and indonesia to protect theirs . 
  well , actually there are , but greeks do n't make so much of a fuss about it as orban does.just search for lesbos island if you want to know more . 
  yes , i meant far-right . i wish you all the best for the election btw . 
  no right-wing parties?wow , good job , portugal . 
  edit : i obviously mean no right-wing parties with significant power , i should have mentioned that . 
  i always cringe when the media puts emphasis on where someone was born/their beliefs.muslim man did this , iranian did that etc. 
  you got this from omniglot , did n't you ? 
  - \u021bie in romanian.it means the same thing as - \u00e7\u00e3o.also - escu for a lot of names and - e\u0219ti for a lot of cities ( including bucure\u0219ti , or bucharest in english ) . 
  no , he said 900 lei is the minimum wage , which is wrong.usually 2500-ish lei is considered average.i could be wrong on that number , but 900 is way too far from the real number . 
  that 's depressing af . 
  like it 's the only alternative.remember when italy was in turmoil?guess what happened?they `` fucked off '' to brasil and argentina . 
  the thing is that europe ( like usa ) , is very divided ideologically.why would this subreddit be different?everything ( that respects the rules of / r/europe ) is upvoted here , no matter it being left or right.and a lot of countries integrated numerous groups of people , mind you.you do n't have a degree , you get a low-paid job.if you do n't want to integrate , fuck off.sounds fair to me . 
  uhh 900 lei is the minimum for a full-time job . 
  since you only argue with your feelings , i 'm going to just leave it here.congrats for discovering what leech means though.how much of your energy did you consume to retain that ? 
  :d ( 4 times , including the romanian word.try to find some other words , because you wo n't pass 4th grade with a vocabulary that limited . ), 
  just a few things before letting you with yourself , until the mods will remove your comment again : 1 ) ancestors did n't fought for us , you fool , they fought for themselves.no ancestors of any kind of people thought a tad bit about the generations to come , and neither do you for our future generations.sounds fair , right?that 's because it is . 
  2 ) you seem to have a problem with germans.this is n't the 40s , child.what about living in this century , why do n't you?you hate germany so much actually , that you even support isis just to be against them . 
  ( btw i translated that isis comment to one of the mods , maybe they will ban you if they realize what kind of mentally deranged person is commenting on this subreddit ) you need to seek professional help asap . 
  and who are you to know if i want to move to germany or not?maybe i just want to study there , maybe i learn german because i have a lot of friends from there.what 's your business , anyways ? 
  edit : oh wait this is hilarious.you 're on the romania subreddit with the tag `` expat '' . lol , and you 're bashing me for even thinking about leaving the country.you 're more stupid than i thought . 
  i have argued before with people like him.they 're dead serious , unfortunately.i was n't sure what to say either about him , but judging from his other comments , i 'm sure he was n't joking . 
  translation : i support isis.why would n't i want to support factions against russians and germans ? 
   your momma sure is sad for not swallowing you or abort you , let alone your father for not jerking you off . 
  you 're a psycho , in any case .
