  also they may have certain laws , but at least eu does n't have the right to piss on their market with their restrictions , as they do with us . 
   they were part of the ussr and shortly after the ussr collapsed they joined the eu wut.do you know anything about history ? 
  also they may have certain laws , but at least eu does n't have the right to piss on their market with their restrictions , as they do with us . 
  he 's going to end up in nauru if he behaves like that . 
  no wars were fought in balkans either , despite romania , bulgaria and croatia only recently joining europe.your point ? 
  what about europe economic area?norway , iceland and liechtenstein are also included and no foreign laws assert over them . 
  how do you know what i hear about?maybe i like to have my own opinions instead of believing propaganda , have you thought about that ? 
  we suffer from the same thing here , due to older generations lasting longer and the dropping birth rate.it might be the same for italy , but i 'm not sure.most people do n't see having a child as mansatory anymore ( including me ) , hence the dropping of the population . 
  we suffer from the same thing here , due to older generations lasting longer and the dropping birth rate.it might be the same for italy , but i 'm not sure.most people do n't see having a child as mansatory anymore ( including me ) , hence the dropping of the population . 
   zero ( 0 ) this was very helpful . 
   zero ( 0 ) this was very helpful . 
  and the magic word appears again.may , may , may , may.if they want to look tolerant and helpful , may !, 
  if you want to let a country rot without losing your reputation , may !, 
  yeah sure.fuck eu , it did n't do anything it promised.it only gave us debts.europe will never have a single identity , eu is just an excuse for the western powers to assert their stupid laws over the other countries . 
  yeah sure.fuck eu , it did n't do anything it promised.it only gave us debts.europe will never have a single identity , eu is just an excuse for the western powers to assert their stupid laws over the other countries . 
  ever heard of the bigger gun policy ? 
  also , you 're on foreign territory , you have no power here . 
  we have friendly relations with all caucasus actually , particularly with armenia.we were the first to provide political asylum to armenian refugees from the genocide.i do n't know much about romania-georgia relations , but the friendship should come naturally with black sea cooperation . 
  lol we romanians basically did the same with queen island . 
  it 's not that we 're not proud ; we have pride like every other nation.but we 're like cultural chameleons.we 're willing to let our culture at the doorstep and integrate completely.i , for example , fell in love with dutch culture and architecture and i 'd like to study there after i finish high school.it 's not ~ ~ only ~ ~ the economy that attracts us most of the time . 
  have you ever had in school for homework to find the message of a painting?no , of course not , that would just be absurd . 
  sure , you need to get a grasp out of a book , but how about just a summary and not pages and pages about every single thing that the author might have said?that 's something that suits more those who really are interested in that and really want to do that tidious work.it would be horrible to try to teach , say quantum physics to 8th graders . 
  well thanks anyways . 
  you were a lot better off if you were on the other side of the black sea ; basically the little caucasian country that could . 
  : / question : are there other kartvelian countries/regions/communities or is it just georgia ? 
  it 's not just a meme , american culture is made up of every bit of culture that comprises within it 's borders , because america is made up of bits of almost every ethnicity.when you 're migrating to every other country though , you should leave your culture at the border . 
  art is n't supposed to be studied.in fact , that 's exactly what literature is : a branch of art.of course it takes general cultire to know at least a few books , but code-breaking every page and chapter is just horrible . 
  of course they are.they 're there to remind us of the beauty of life , like paintings.we do n't study paintings . 
  why would you miss an empire who classifies you as `` tolerated '' , then forcefully convert you into catholicism?they all have stockholm syndrome or something ? 
  please tell me , when will you use literature in your life?i 'm really curious , because you seem to know better . 
  do n't get me wrong , i like reading , but studying each and every line and making summaries and essays about every chapter of a book is a very wrong way to attract kids into literature.it was supposed to be admiring art , not code-breaking !, 
  not at all.most of us love transylvania with a passion ( except szekerland , fuck them ) . 
   banat - arrogant , think they 're better than everyone else , miss austria-hungary greatly , and think they 'd be up to par with at least austria economically and culturally speaking if not for the rest of the country holding them back , while most of them are actually naturalized oltenians , therefore no better than anybody else yeah sure , that 's why they leave timisoara to work in buchares.also if you miss austria-hungary , you 're not true romanian . 
   bucharest - arrogant , lots of unwarranted self importance , they think they are the center of the universe actually we always bitch here about how horrible our capital is.it seems like it 's a sport here . 
  just curious , what did he say ? 
  - maramures : they are very conservative with their culture , pretty much the only romanian part that survived modernization . 
  - suceava : misses it 's twin brother in ukraine . 
  - moldova : poor but proud , funny accent , a lot of redneck-like people , known as the region which drinks the most . 
  ( sidenote : not to be confused with republic of moldova , we have a region with the same name as the country ) - transilvania : the heart of romania literally and figuratively.beautiful architecture and lovely landscape.yes , it is the place where dracula is from.also it has a part with hungarian majority which wants autonomy . 
  - crisana : a lot of germans can be found here . 
  - banat : it 's like mini-transilvania , but without the vampires . 
  - oltenia : the people there have a lot of mediteranean features ( lazy , their skin is a bit darker and easy-going people ) - muntenia : bucharest is located here and it is the most industrialized region.funny story , vlad tepes , the inspiration of dracula , was actually a wallachian king ( wallachia is muntenia + oltenia ) , not transilvanian . 
  - dobrogea : the region that gives us coastline.a lot of turkish and russian people reside here . 
   in the long run we will become a bland america style of nation with some religious problems thrown in , but that 's about it . 
  that 's the point.america is a very mixed country , so they do n't have a culture of their own.hell , we are so concerned about the extinction of amerindian cultures , but what about us?a lot of migrants from middle east and africa do n't want to adapt to the culture or work . 
   so no , we 're not being overrun , we 're not struggling , it 's just politics to appeal to the conservatives who think we 're under some kind of cultural siege and that in 50 years we 'll live under sharia law . 
  again , i have nothing with syrians and i never said the words i cited from you.but you have to understand how hard it is acommodating and finding a job for that amount of refugees , since you only can get a job if you speak the language.lebanon and jordan speak the same language as syrians ( levantine arabic ) , therefore it 's easier for them to find a job there . 
  you 're right , but germany already struggles with an estimated 400.000 refugees.imagine us having that amount . 
  correction : the eu may give countries 6000 euros per refugee.so far , it only promises . 
   no one in europe would ask us to support as many refugees as germany . 
  we should take as many as we can while making sure they are treated right . 
   worried that what will happen ? 
  worried that germany will eventually force us to take care of thousands of asylum seekers at our expenses , despite our economical situation . 
  i know , right?eu always uses the word `` may '' in it 's promises to member states , just to not be blamed ~ ~ if ~ ~ when it says no to them . 
  i 'm not blaming them to think that.i blame them to criticize the way we treat gypos here , despite offering them a shitload of opportunities.now that we are in eu and they have them too , they want to send them back to us . 
   the sad thing is that now , we romanians , are doing the same mistake : discriminating syrian immigrants as jihadists who want to destroy our european culture while living on our money . 
  it 's sad . 
  i think you turned all your life a blind eye to our country 's corruption and economy.we are literally too poor to support as many refugees as , say germany.but i think those who still chose romania are actually trying to adapt to our culture.heck , i even saw a syrian in a shop last week trying to talk in romanian to the cashier . 
  i never discriminated against syrians.but seeing what 's happening in hungary and germany makes me really worried . 
  that too . 
  but the lack of motivation can apply to every country . 
  our government make us feel dumb because they think that romanian literature is something that should be mandatory , and that sucks , because ** almost no one will need literature in their entire life **, 
  no , it 's not.while you guys refused to be in schengen from the beginning , we tried to join schengen since we first got in eu in 2007 . for some reason , our stupid government still wants to be in it . 
  eu should be dismantled . 
  of course we had to be the last . 
  * sigh *, 
  not being in schengen does n't sound so bad anymore . 
  do you have a link for education rankings in eu ? 
  our debts to them fuck us enough . 
  finally someone with common sense here . 
  `` thou shall not sin or gulag for eternity . '', 
  nappy, 
  ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ orthodox ^ ^ ^ easter, 
  you would n't be part of the romance family if you had n't !, 
   luxurious prisons  it industry  everyone is happy damn , they have some next level stereotypes . 
  this exists in almost every eastern european country . 
  [ salo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salo_ ( food ) is associated with ukrainians more than anyone else . 
  they love that shit . 
  [ great news !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylxcu7e8if0 ), 
  read : `` the amount of food people from the post-soviet world afford '', 
  this is a bit ... excessive . 
  is he planning to sell some of them ? 
  oh sorry , i misread it . 
  i thought he referred to the present economy of romania . 
  200 bln , actually . 
   the eastern part . 
  why did n't you invest in eastern romania ? 
  we 're coming after you !, 
  but ... we 're the brazil of the balkans !, 
  also , that 's a bulgar empire , so [ dacia ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/65/dacia_82_bc.png ) should count too . 
  all balkans is south romania . 
  edit : downvote ? 
  do i really have to put an / s on this ? 
  can you still speak adyghe ? 
  another lad who thinks he got it all ... 
  what if i go in the parliament of my country and shout : `` let 's annex ourselves to [ insert nearby country here ] ! '' ? 
  do you think they will forgive me if i say afterwards that it was just a joke ? 
  also , a research poll is not the same thing . 
  regions like catalonia are constantly fighting for a referendum that will be approved by spain , and there 's a good reason why they ca n't just make one without that approval .
