  [ lol . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/47/austria_hungary_ethnic.svg ), 
  citation needed . 
  by the way , i was n't trying to make an `` americans are dumb lol '' joke , so no need to be overly defensive or insult romanians and germans . 
  not 16 anymore , but i seriously think you underestimate how much a 16 yo should know . 
  i 'll have to agree to u/cocojumbo123 , cluj is better . 
  ** romania has a lot of gypsies . 
  ** [ 8-9 % ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romani_people ) of our population is ethnically romani , which is pretty average in the south-eastern europe , with bulgaria having the biggest percentage of gypsies . 
  ( 4,4 % ) ** romanian is a slavic language . 
  ** i know that the almost exclusively slavic surroundings and a respectable amount of cognates can make you think otherwise , but no , romanian is a romance language , not slavic . 
  [ here 's a comparison of some words in various romance languages . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romance_languages#vocabulary_comparison ) ** romanian is the closest living language to latin . 
  ** ... in a way , sort of . 
  on the other side of the spectrum are those who claim that romanian is the closest language to latin . 
  it is ... grammatically . 
  romanian has derived much of it 's grammar , including the genitive and the dative 's structure straight from classical latin , while other romance languages derived theirs from vulgar latin . 
  vocabulary-wise , perhaps not surprisingly , it 's [ italian . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/classification_of_romance_languages#degree_of_separation_from_latin ) i 'm not going to comment on our wealth because , let 's face it , we are a poor country . 
  but most of us have the money to live a decent life and go abroad once a year . 
  so it 's really not that much of a problem for the majority . 
  and i 'm not going to sugarcoat it , there are many people that still live in poverty , but , as most ee countries do , we 're slowly but steadily improving . 
  edit : another thing i should add : ** we stole transylvania from hungary . 
  ** romanians have always been a majority in transylvania , even during hungarian rule , fact that is not that hard to search it yourself . 
  the reason we even have a hungarian minority is something i like to call `` population plantation '' and it 's exactly what happened with northern ireland : hungarians came in transylvania so they can settle on confiscated land in order to become in majority and to claim it as theirs . 
  so no , hungary claiming transylvania is no different than serbia claiming kosovo , argentina claiming falkland islands or azerbaijan claiming northern iran . 
   every country 's capital is supposed to be the best city to visit . 
  lol i wish . 
  the best will have to be sibiu , with timisoara in a close second place . 
  self-awareness is the first step to improvement . 
  this is the purest irony i have ever heard . 
  may europe have a more fortunate year than this one !, 
  it obviously is n't from a 4 days old account . 
  with high enough population density , all that happiness will disappear . 
  it has nothing to do with it 's economy . 
  politics is n't everything , kid . 
  venice is so main * stream * ( heh ) these days anyway . 
  listen , i did n't say that the caucasian countries ' location is certain and not a good subject of debate , i just think it is really idiotic to think that eurovision is the supreme authority in this matter . 
  they 're neither european nor asian exactly because the eastern limit is arbitrary . 
  it 's a bit much to expect them to know dutch , honestly . 
  i would n't exactly rely on a song contest that lets countries like australia , morroco or israel join , despite it being european , as the title suggests . 
  as long as you 're not planning your vacation in south ossetia , there is nothing to worry about . 
  albania has one too . 
  well ... sort of . 
  the whole caucasian region is included in europe , so azerbaijan will make the christianity claim difficult . 
  they 're generally considered eurasian countries ( ge , hy , az ) , like turkey . 
  ~ ~ edit : why the downvotes ? ~ ~ edit 2 : i just realized i used the term `` eurasia '' wrong . 
  and that 's when we remember that planes exist . 
  tbilisi is a country away from suhumi , so better not . 
  stunning country . 
  i 'd absolutely love to travel there . 
   what is wrong with having an ethnic community know its history and its language ? 
  integration does not mean assimilation . 
  nothing . 
  what is actually wrong is that most of these minorities do n't know the language of the country they live in , which is quite sad if you ask me . 
  also , you still did n't give me any proof for your claim that everyone is portrayed bad in western media . 
  you 're just just making stuff up as you go . 
   turks have lots in common with european countries , especially countries like romania and bulgaria . 
  anyway , you seem to have something against turks , so enjoy your day , your life , whatever - try not to be so angry . 
  try to actually be reasonable . 
  no one likes trolls . 
   turks in bulgaria live just fine in bulgaria . 
  what source or reasoning do you have to doubt otherwise , other than stereotypes ? 
  the fact that their compact community has turkish-speaking schools and kindergartens and no reason to learn bulgarian , unless they wanted to move somewhere else in the country . 
  also our own experience with a sizeable minority ( hungarians ) that are cut off from the rest of the country . 
  besides some romanians in the region ( which spoke hungarian as well in order to actually survive in the region ) , there was no one speaking romanian . 
   the media says stuff that is offensive to turks . 
  it also says stuff that is offensive to bulgarians , to brits , to germans , to russians , to americans , to chinese , to romanians , to everyone . 
  hold on there . 
  that 's quite a statement to make . 
  to * everyone * ? 
  i would really like to know as well what ** your ** deal is . 
   it does n't mean that we should ignore , and it does not mean that one of those groups wo n't get actually insulted , just because they do it to everyone . 
   for years , the turks have been hearing about how little europe wants them . 
  that 's offensive to them . 
  it would be offensive to anyone . 
  if someone told you over the last 30 + years that turkey is n't ready to join , should n't be allowed to join , we do n't want them ... then see 10s of former communist states join in less than a decade after applying , how would you feel ? 
  i would n't feel european , and in all honesty , turks have very little in common culturally-wise with european countries , apart from loanwords brought by trade and ottoman occupation . 
  plus , it 's not even all about culture as it is about the atrocities and the human rights violations that erdogan has commited . 
  but no one will dare to cut all relations with turkey , because it 's an important nato member and all that stuff . 
  and that 's no exception to anybody . 
  belarus is the only country in europe to not be part of the council of europe because they kept their death sentence . 
  so maybe next time think twice before comparing turkey to those oh so dangerous post-communist states . 
   you were on the west 's side all during the cold war , and what do you get in return ? 
  what we deserved for being allied with nazis in wwii . 
   anyway , refrain from name calling . 
  it 's the internet , but it wo n't make anyone take you seriously . 
  neither does arguing with your feelings . 
  unless he 's planning to go to istanbul or izmir , he wo n't miss anything . 
  yes , because you 're commenting solely based on your feelings and you wo n't look around you to see how well exactly turks in your very own country adapt to the culture they 're living in . 
  did you seriously just got mad at the media which usually bitches about brexit or cameron ? 
  because that 's a troll move . 
  and to answer your question , no , neither secluded nor assimilating turks have any reason to get offensed by the uk press , because they will always put in the spotlight the secluded ones and overexaggerate it . 
  for those who actually get attention from it , that 's a wake-up call to redeem themselves and those who do n't usually get the fact that the media is sensationalist and a total joke . 
  he actually should know , since turks are bulgaria 's largest minority , at 8 % . 
  he 's just a troll , trying to get revenge on british media . 
  ( as he said in another comment above ) they are in bulgaria since the ottoman empire took control and still wo n't assimilate . 
   i know quite a few turks that are super sensible when it comes to their ethnicy and despite being born in germany consider themselves turks . 
  identifying as a turk is fine , because that 's your ethnicity and you ca n't change it . 
  the problem is with those who remain secluded in their own communities and wo n't even speak the language . 
  note : i 'm not making any generalizations here .
