  a demented , self-harming , self-destructing , xenophiliac , psycho . 
  drop dead if you 're ungrateful for what others , in the past , fought for . 
  this type of thing should not belong to this subreddit.thank you for removing his comment . 
   huh ? 
  what 's that ? 
  a xenophile asking `` what 's wrong '' with one of his conationals ? 
  yes , because you 're one of the many primitive human beings that make this country rot . 
   there 's a difference between blabbering without use and yell `` fire !, 
  fire ! '', 
  in a theatre . 
  or is common sense outside freedom of speech , let alone respect , self-conservation , autobase and so on ? 
  of course.the common sense card.you did n't even let me have my share of discussion in order to prove my point and you start talking about the lack of common sense you think my comment has.but you already proved the part you cited for me with your close-minded thoughts . 
   indirectly , yes , it was worked for me and for the rest of us . 
  my ancestors and our ancestors made sure we 'd have a homeland for us to have . 
  we 've inherited it , it 's ours . 
  we 've resisted , despite crippleness that came with it . 
  that 's enough motive and proof to have . 
  period . 
  that 's a big plus for any ethnic group to be grateful for . 
  our ancestors bleed & died for us to live our lives . 
  now , sure , there is debate how we 're honoring their wishes to live a better life , letting corruption , nepotism , collective ignorance & self-victimization continue to be present . 
  but , the initial point remains . 
  of course , there are self-loathing xenophiliacs leeches , like yourself , having a problem with that . 
  you 're the type of the problem that would sell his own country and conationals just to be `` integrated '' or `` assimilated '' ( make-believe in both cases ) . 
  your momma sure is sad for not swallowing you or abort you , let alone your father for not jerking you off . 
  you 're a psycho , in any case . 
  a demented , self-harming , self-destructing , xenophiliac , psycho . 
  drop dead if you 're ungrateful for what others , in the past , fought for . 
  since you 're too blind to see it , i 'll make it clear for you.the key word is `` ancestors '' . you did n't do anything , your ** ancestors ** did . 
  `` now , sure , there is debate how we 're honoring their wishes to live a better life , letting corruption , nepotism , collective ignorance & self-victimization continue to be present . '', 
  i think you start to get it , bud.i have my fair respect for them , but that 's it.nothing else.i do n't salute them before going to bed , i do n't tell stories about them to every foreigner i meet , i do n't randomly shout '' long live romania ! '', 
  on the streets and so on . 
  it 's really funny you 're talking about leeches.people feeling themselves superior to others are the only conationals i 'm willing to sell.i suggest you to shave your head and join pegida , you 'll fit right in.good job , you 're making stalin proud . 
  `` you 're a psycho , in any case . '', 
  those are some big words , are n't they?i 'll leave you with this : do n't throw stones when you live in a glass house . 
   uh , yeah . 
  i 'm still alive . 
  that 's one thing . 
  water , food if i need to buy or - if things get worse - steal from , pharmaceuticals if i catch a cold , businesses to take to locations where i want , internet . 
  i say that 's a pretty big plus , despite our lack of economic disadvances . 
  they 're still a pain , but it 's the type of pain that marks which one of us would be a traitorous scumbag , leaving the country when it 'd the best time to change the old mechanisms . 
  nooo , of course not , there are some lot of you , leeches , that want more & are greedy , so greedy , to make or let others bleed for you . 
  no , no , you deserve the life you have , buddy-boy . 
  africa or north korea should 've been stamped on your forehead . 
  you and the rest of the xenophiliac cowards . 
  wake up , wannabe soldier !, 
  the war is over.europe is peaceful now and we 're willing to help each other.there 's nothing to fight for.but i wo n't waste my time explaining to you things this complicated , your brain cells wo n't be able to handle it.by the time you will see the fist of greediness that leads this country , i will work with people who actually care about the abilities i have and wo n't steal from my salary , unlike the politicians here.you and the other golden dawn lovers can rot here for all i care , until you realize ethnicity does n't influence your life goals . 
  greedy?oh no no no , kid , you got it all wrong.i want back the money that were , are and will be stolen by the corrupt fucks that lead this country.look at moldova how they protest for their country and money back.what do people like you do?kiss pictures of stefan the great or burebista.when this will stop , the brain drain will stop as well.and people will enjoy their country more . 
  edit : * oh , snap !, 
  * what happened ? 
  * my boss just cut off my salary.again . 
  * i 'm so sorry about that . 
  * yeah , i really want those money back . 
  * wait , what did you fucking say ? 
  * uhh , what?is there something wr -- * you have a shelter , internet , food on the table and you cry about salary shrinking ? 
  people like you , leeches , complain about corruption all the time.and instead of taking it like a man , you 're complaining.i hope you die . 
  since this sub is extremely politically correct , i spoke only for my native city . 
  what should we say?once you go blyat , you never go back . 
  ( horrible joke , i know ) it 'll be really , really bad for moldova if it leaves the russian sphere of influence , and we ca n't do much about it either , because russia.and we do n't care too much about moldova tbh.moldovans can come here for citizenship whenever they want , they 're our brothers , but basarabia will never be romania !, 
  edit : [ for the lazy ] ( http://www.jc.md/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/basarabia.jpg ) . these are everywhere in bucharest . 
  edit2 : what 's with the downvotes?moldovans are welcomed here with open arms , but very few romanians actually want moldova back . 
   but it has never been `` ceded '' . 
  brussels has been ceded and separated from the rest of the flemish territory , as you can clearly see on the map . 
  it 's a political goal for french speaking parties in belgium to use the recent expansion of brussels and the concurrent inflow of french speakers in flanders as an excuse to annex flemish territory . 
  this is one more reason why the official language use of people living in flanders is so important for the flemish : it 's a matter of self-defense . 
  thanks , i edited it . 
   which irony ? 
  really ? 
  `` there is absolutely no doubt brussels and the surrounding area are part of the surrounding community . '', 
  claiming brussels as part of flanders does n't count as being biased or what ? 
   there are no problems there . 
  none whatsoever . 
  it 's not impossible to find a modus vivendi . 
  what about the time when borders were vaguely drawn ( if at all ) and when they drew borders , people had to switch their citizenship ( or position of the front door ) , because they were living and working in a different country ? 
  [ what about this house ? 
  ] ( http://www.iamdanw.com/images/baarle/18244850845_330be7107a_z_d.jpg ) where does the resident within it work ? 
   hv is not bilingual , it just happens that a lot of francophones opted to move there recently . 
  and there are no problems with most of them , except a vocal minority who insist to be served in their language wherever they go . 
  i never said it is.please read again my last comment . 
  in my experience , every belgian said belgium.see how this goes?proof or gtfo . 
  halle-vilvoorde is part of flanders , i even gave you a map . 
   let me guess , you get your info from french sources ? 
   limburg the irony is so strong.also if you look again at the source , you can see that it says the same thing as you there.my point was that you have to deal with enough shit in baarle hertog/nassau , so even if brussels is largely francophone and hv has a dutch majority , one of those 2 will be given to the minority in the splitting scenario , and it may as well be brussels , because of it 's bilingual status allowing to join either countries . 
  when a foreigner asks you where are you from ( assuming that he knows what flanders and wallonia are ) , do you say belgium or flanders/wallonia ? 
  identity is not the same thing as pride . 
  i do n't hold any kind of pride for my country ( mainly because i think patriotism is dumb ) , but i identify myself as a romanian.see the difference ? 
  what 's wrong with liege ? 
   ardeal instead of transilvania  triggered, 
  sorry bruh , [ that seat 's taken . 
  ` mania, 
   to be quite frank with you , most brits are quite ignorant of the continentals except for the smelly french and the spanish beaches . 
  justifying a stereotype with another ? 
  did you forget your / s or something ? 
  so , i know that in usa you can open an individual retirement account , but i was unable to find an equivalent for it in my own country . 
  does eu have that kind of equivalent that all its members can use ? 
  or even better , if you are from romania , are you aware of an equivalent for romania that i failed to look up ? 
  i 'm sorry if this is a stupid question , i 'm not an expert in economics . 
  right here , silly, 
  i had no idea [ dots ] ( http://www.strategic.ro/wp-content/uploads/dots-23.jpg ) is also sold in hungary . 
  nope .
