  after reading that story , i 'm ready to vote for ejection of and war against the state of louisiana . 
  ( edit   woodfox was one of the so-called `` angola 3 '' : three prisoners initially held in louisiana 's notorious angola prison do you know why they call the prison angola ? 
  because the prison is built on an old plantation , and the slaves that worked the plantation came from angola , an african country . 
  get the joke ? 
  the name is to remind black people they 're slaves . 
  god damn it rednecks , wtf is it going to take ? 
  agreed . 
  confirmation bias is a universal human weakness . 
  i do n't see the need for offense over something this trivial . 
  obama was elected on a promise to close guantanamo and end torture . 
  unfortunately , the democrats were n't able to accomplish everything . 
  and we 're never able to do everything . 
  that 's the privilege of a small country with a giant oil reserve , that is n't expected to keep the world at peace and also not fight any wars . 
  norwegians only have to choose what to do with your surplus money , and you choose whatever you think is best . 
  americans have to choose the least horrific . 
  and it 's the world you 're all building , where we 're the only force , that makes it this way . 
  remember that americans are the country where the 2nd amendment exists specifically because of the wariness of our founders for the power of governments and militaries . 
  every american knows the danger posed by militarism to civil liberties . 
  we do try to resist it but there are limits to what we can reasonably do . 
   even if that were true ( which it is n't , given our own extensive involvement in america 's military adventures ) could you quantify this ? 
  as far as i know , you have n't been involved much at all with our military adventures . 
  so once you ditch them , come join the us . 
  you can still influence europe , just in the more traditionally british ways . 
  that 's news ? 
  they do n't get the complexity . 
  they do n't get the difference between ` democratically elected ' and ` democratic . ', 
  they also do n't get that when the us supports a dictatorship , it then pressures that dictatorship to democratize . 
  and everything is because of america and nothing is because of the actual country . 
  the republicans are all insane but war with russia would n't be ww3 . 
  and ,  during this whole timeline we 're talkin about the un was fighting a war with the dprk puling multiple triggers daily . 
  but i bet this irony fails to register with you as well . 
  the un , yes . 
  14,000 british , 8,000 canadians , 326,000 americans , 600,000 koreans , and other nations . 
  at great cost , we threw the dprk back north but we stopped short of invading them . 
  the result has been millions of koreans forced to live under the most oppressive dictatorship imaginable , which could still end in nuclear holocaust or worse . 
  that 's the kind of decision we have to make , not necessarily alone , but we have to make it . 
  i think we should have invaded them or found some other way to topple that regime . 
  i also think it was right to support the shah . 
  if we had , and he had succeeded , there would be a freer , more democratic iran today , and the world would look dramatically different . 
  but anyway , people who say we were there to overthrow democracy just do n't understand why we were there . 
   please stop referring to ` us ' and ` we , ' as i am fairly certain we would disagree on almost everything i doubt that , but in any case , i 'm not going to refer to my country as `` they '' just to satisfy your ... whatever this is . 
  edit :  [ citation required ] . 
  these are cia talking points . 
  you 're 60 years late on this propaganda . 
  how on earth is that propaganda ? 
  that 's just basic information . 
  well , anyone can read about that . 
  he was a socialist and supported the usual socialist reforms aimed at improving people 's lives , the big one being nationalization of the oil resources , then owned by a british company now called bp . 
  he was backed by the communist party . 
  the communists were backed by the soviet union , which , in 1951 , was a mass-murdering totalitarian regime that looked to us like pure evil . 
  this is the problem with superpowers , as i said above . 
  neutrality is n't allowed . 
  every conflict has one side associated with us , and the other side is associated with our enemies . 
  this is what other people fail to understand . 
  we have no choice . 
  we 're automatically involved and the sides are chosen for us . 
  being a superpower means being given a gun and told to shoot the kid who 'll grow up to be the next hitler . 
  look at north korea as an example of what happens when we choose not to pull the trigger . 
  we have to make terrible decisions all the time that leave lasting damage on everyone including us , and often any outcome will be a tragedy . 
  strange , how often our geopolitical interests seem to line up with helping defend some democracy when no one else will . 
  in my experience , all other countries are full of great people who do many things better than us . 
  the one thing about americans that makes us truly stand out is this . 
  and it 's too awesome for you to believe . 
  that 's what we have to deal with . 
   genuinely believe the idea that your government would spend trillions of dollars invading other countries for ` democracy ' not only do we invade them - in the case of south korea , we 've kept 30,000 troops there for 63 years , and guess what , they 'll stay there as long as it takes , even if we have to bankrupt ourselves doing it , and we probably will . 
  and they have a better opinion of us than you do . 
  but we ca n't really deserve it . 
  it must be something else . 
  we 're the only remaining members of united nations command . 
  everyone else left , we stayed , and for 63 years ; for one quarter of our national life , we 've been defending korea , but it ca n't be that we actually believe in what we 're doing , can it ? 
  i mean , we only have `` new world order '' on our money and our great seal . 
  that 's just a meaningless motto , right ? 
  we ca n't actually believe that , surely . 
  any democratic nation with a [ sense of purpose ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/manifest_destiny#20th_century ) like that would surely be among the most patriotic on the planet , and they would be willing to go to any lengths to ... oh . 
   if western europeans do n't like you , it 's * because * they understand you and are n't fooled by simple-minded `` we 're just trying to spread democracy u gais '' type propaganda . 
  this is exactly what i referred to earlier . 
  you 're convinced that you know our country better than we do , and if we dare think differently , we 're simple-minded . 
  meanwhile , you believe without question actual propaganda invented by countries like iran and russia , and the really sad thing is , you repeat it so often that some americans even start believing you . 
  by all means , tell me more about what we 're really about . 
  look , i 'm just saying what happened . 
  feel free to point out any mistakes . 
  iirc , the cia was planning to remove him using a propaganda campaign to sway public opinion . 
  i 'm just going to save some time by quoting [ from wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_revolution ) . 
  this is what the government that replaced him , the one we supported , did :  * 1 . 
  * land reforms program and abolishing `` feudalism '' : the government bought the land from the feudal land lords at what was considered to be a fair price and sold it to the peasants at 30 % below the market value , with the loan being payable over 25 years at very low interest rates . 
  this made it possible for 1.5 million peasant families , who had once been little more than slaves , to own the lands that they had been cultivating all their lives . 
  given that the average size of a peasant family was 5 , the land reforms program brought freedom to approximately 9 million people , or 40 % of iran 's population . 
  formation of the health corps * to extend public health care throughout the villages and rural regions of iran . 
  in 3 years , almost 4,500 medical groups were trained ; nearly 10 million cases were treated by the corps . 
  free and compulsory education * and a daily free meal for all children from kindergarten to 14 years of age . 
  in 1978 , 25 % of iranians were enrolled in public schools alone . 
  in that same year there were 185,000 students of both sexes studying in iran 's universities . 
  in addition to the above there were over 100,000 students pursuing their studies abroad , of which 50,000 were enrolled in colleges and universities in the united states . 
  extending the right to vote to women , * who previously did not enjoy suffrage . 
  that 's cherrypicking - the list is pretty long . 
  but that 's what the us imperialist agenda actually was in iran - setting people free , giving them the right to vote , setting up free education and health , etc. 
  i mean , of course that 's what it was . 
  we 're americans . 
  yeah really . 
  it 's not really disputable .
