  i was very confused with why americans called z by the same name as c. 
  muay thai , but i do n't really compete in official matches . 
  i 'm not saying i 'm a tough bar to clear , but he does a spotless american accent to my ears . 
  i 've been learning spanish on and off . 
  i 'd like to move there someday . 
  svt and whatever danish broadcaster that airs it probably share the same vhs . 
  we hand it over to you when we 're done . 
  though my family generally celebrates on the day , and then when the actual ` eve ' arrives , we 're done . 
  to be fair , that disney christmas program that everyone loves is on at 15:00 , so ... 
  people rarely mean area when talking about the size of a country ; they obviously mean population . 
  i was thinking maybe a submarine . 
  honestly , pasta relies on the water being in a boiling state at all , not necessarily 100 \u00b0 c. 
  so you 'd just be making pasta a little bit faster . 
  might be an issue if you 're deep underwater though . 
  maybe throw in us to sweden the deal ? 
  what about making pasta in tibet ? 
  the baltic sea , and the english channel . 
  hey now !, 
  this is 2016 . 
  gay people are also allowed to communicate verbally as well . 
  i 'm actually not sure whether or not you 're messing with me here ? 
  my joke was bad , maybe warranting a slight chuckle at best , sure , but you 're acting as if it was offensive in some way . 
  do you have german ancestry by any chance ? 
  it 's swedish for for butter goose table . 
  if that would happen i would endure the first incident , and then go and tattoo my face with tribals or something . 
  no one would dare approach me again . 
  he was big here too . 
  but there was always a lot of domestic pop he had to compete with . 
  i currently own my first automatic . 
  it 's a second-hand volvo s80 from 2001 , and i guess automatic transmissions were n't very good back then because the bastard ca n't shift worth a damn . 
  i have tried multiple automatics from the 00 's , and they all sucked . 
  it feels too much like there 's a middleman between me and the driving . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm actually not very familiar woth br\u00f6derna lejonhj\u00e4rta past the superficial . 
  minor spoiler : ^ there ^ was ^ no ^ dragon ^ in ^ the ^ game . 
  brothers : a tale of two sons . 
  look at costa rica go !, 
  matteo renzi , maybe . 
  but i 'm far from educated on all the european leaders . 
  excellent representation of swedish cinema . 
  danish . 
  no , not really . 
  :p but at least that 's a swedish production . 
  i never really understood the thing about watching american cartoons being `` swedish tradition '' . 
  i also go and do other stuff while the rest watch donald duck . 
  actually , i do n't like the stuff either . 
  * bill clinton 's voice * we do not have military relations with that country . 
  in sweden i think pc is a bit more popular . 
  we are quite a big country in counter-strike , too . 
  i already try to support european companies as much as i can . 
  the only products that i would have a hard time giving up are software and intel/amd/nvidia chips . 
  i use a lot of open source software , though , which does n't really have `` countries of origin '' in that sense . 
  i also recently switched out duckduckgo for qwant , a french search engine that works really well . 
  ironically , you are the most childish person here . 
  the bright side is that florida will get completely submerged in water so they ca n't screw america again and vote for a climate change denier . 
  / s edit : put the '' / s '' there just in case . 
  it sounds like i 've heard it before , but i do n't get out much . 
  in my school it was n't even mentioned as an option , which bums me out . 
  if both texas and california left , the us would cease to be a superpower , i think . 
  a world without superpowers ... ? 
  i would n't say they 're too common here , but i might live in a bubble . 
  of course , i do n't go snooping through shelves or drawers in people 's kitchens . 
  i have noticed commercials being in english recently . 
  also , young people tend to speak ` swenglish ' quite a lot . 
  i , for instance , find it difficult holding a conversation using * only * swedish , and impossible if the subject is technology . 
  i love lay 's !, 
  but it is n't sold in every store here , like olw and estrella . 
  are n't there a bunch of states in the us that allow same-sex marriages ? 
  adding to a lot of already mentioned points ; rugby is also split between two doctrines , which i think is harming its adoption . 
  would honestly only work if you have a northern accent . 
  we better get over our differences asap . 
  that 's for sure . 
  i 've played through the mass effect games countless times . 
  still , it 's hard to pick a favourite . 
  the portal series is also amazing . 
  as of right now , starcraft 2 . 
  just reached gold league as zerg . 
  i met a really nice russian guy in cs : go once , made me realise that anything is possible . 
  maybe that was you ? 
  in sweden we have 25 % on everything except food ( 12 % ) and `` culture '' ( 6 % ) . 
  must vary between stores then . 
  the one in my town has rude staff , poor layout , and pretty much an opposite experience to what you describe . 
  and the fact that they can keep being like this because i ca n't buy anywhere else ( unless i 'm gon na drive and find a * better * store , like yours ) pisses me off . 
  i was never carded in spain , but here in sweden i get carded everytime , and they take * a long hard look * at you . 
  systembolaget ( sweden 's state owned monopoly alcohol chain ) is really a shitty store . 
  once , i was n't allowed to buy what i wanted because the cider i had chosen was too girly , so they were convinced i was buying for someone else . 
  could just be the staff at my local store , but damn . 
  starcraft 2 , dying light nightmare mode , a bit of skyrim . 
  i also did a civ v game with germany , and i liked it , barbarians join you giving you free military units . 
  there 's quite a big contrast between the british , and their closest neighbours , the french . 
  more so than like germany and austria , or even denmark . 
  this could be a contributing factor to their exceptionalist mindset . 
  the british see the french , and see that they are different , also the french are obviously europeans , therefore the british are not . 
  or something like that . 
  maybe not among young people . 
  not super popular , but relatively so . 
  there are quite a few swedes here considering our small population . 
  we are just a big internet nation in general i believe . 
  literally none . 
  he 's like a beverly hills pet .
