  we should at some point join the eurozone . 
  the state alcohol monopoly should be abolished . 
  marijuana should be legal . 
  prostitution should be legal . 
  i use lukewarm water ( usually the exact middle position on a `` mixer '' tap ) , because here full cold water is cold enough to make your fingers lose their feeling . 
  and full hot could literally burn you . 
  it might just be my flat though . 
  but you 'll need to wash your hands in a filled sink , right ? 
  or how do you do it ? 
  since the water flow is either too cold or too hot . 
  or am i misunderstanding something ? 
  probably not as big as in post-communist nations . 
  but still pretty big . 
  young people are way more internationally minded . 
  i feel there 's a bigger divide between generations than between european nations . 
  i 'd probably have more in common with a young german or italian than an old swede . 
  mountains makes sense . 
  there has been a rise in xenophobia because of the migration crisis . 
  closet racists that come out because they see there are others like them . 
  people with a rebellious mentality , forming `` citizens guardes '' etc. 
  this has also happened in pretty much every other country . 
  why do n't you trust telegram , if i may ask ? 
  i use telegram . 
  fully open source . 
  i use it because texting feels old and slow , and limited in features . 
  a federation would keep us separate enough . 
  principle of subsidiary . 
  it 's not undemocratic . 
  the ni-roi border causes some problems , and irish reunification would be the most ` elegant ' solution , i believe . 
  but i 'm certainly not an authority on how to solve it . 
  i hope it all goes well , though . 
  if it 's a sane process , i 'd welcome it . 
  like fiscal union , banking union , single market for digital goods and services , etc. 
  and then finally replacing france with the eu at the unsc ( sorry , france , but it 'd just make more sense in this scenario ) . 
  nothing over night . 
  15 years at the quickest . 
  25 years more realistically . 
  the most successful example , and even that pretty shaky . 
  other examples are ussr , and also yugoslavia to an extent . 
  a few years ago we were ridiculed , i think they still are in the uk . 
  but it 's certainly different now , the response is more like `` would that work ? '', 
  instead of `` are you mad ?! '', 
  the north has all the iron ore !, 
  it 'd fall apart . 
  usually unions of small number of countries where one of them is much larger than the others just breed dissentment . 
  sweden is just 10 million people , but that is still almost twice that of the second largest , denmark . 
  we like each other now , let 's not ruin it by moving in together . 
  we are going to ask everyone nicely this time though , germany !, 
  this is why i generally do n't like these strict rules . 
  form is supposed to come after function , not the other way around . 
  stockholm might have lightened the rules though , since that city do have some tall buildings . 
  when the eastern countries join it 'll probably come up again . 
  2025 or so . 
  yes , we are technically obliged to join . 
  but try to tell our public that . 
  i live on gotland ( that big island in the baltic sea ) , and our dialect has mostly died out since mainlanders move here when they retire . 
  we still have a bit of an accent though ( but i mostly lack that one as well ) . 
  one thing i can think about is that we mostly do n't use object form pronouns . 
  and we drop the `` de '' from past tense verbs . 
  example of `` she swam passed him . '', 
  and to other swedes , our accent makes it sound : `` hun simma \u00f6m han '' . 
  also the basic form of `` swim '' is `` simma '' in correct swedish , while we say `` simme '' . 
  this is a common thing with verbs that end with a. 
  eventually . 
  i 'd much prefer if the fiscal union happened before we joined though . 
  it keeps being mentioned on r/europe so i guess so . 
  the celsius scale . 
  or in america 's case , dynamite . 
  apparently some new people have moved in . 
  english is kind of a father 's tongue to me . 
  i 've spoken it almost fluently since my age was single digits . 
  if sweden switched for some reason i would n't care , language is just a tool for communication for me . 
  i live on the top floor , i only get like regular flies and moths . 
  bumblebees and wasps can get in during the summer though . 
  sometimes i find a spider . 
  just making sure your skewed definition of `` rape culture '' is at least non-discriminatory . 
  let me guess , you still defend frat boys committing rape in your own country ? 
  he kind of looks like that guy in game of thrones that is always being a dick to jon snow . 
  `` rape culture '' , we are now full circle , guys . 
  the far right sounds exactly the same as the regressive left . 
  i think my generation ( born 1992 ) is the first one that mostly does n't write in cursive even formally . 
  i 'd lie if i said i do n't feel a bit embarrased about my name signature , but otherwise i do n't care . 
  i remember having a class or two on it , but i ca n't write in cursive today . 
  and honestly ? 
  what 's the point ? 
  it 's harder to read anyway . 
  i 'd like to see us federalise , and britain just was n't going to let us . 
  it 's a shame , but it 's for the best . 
  i 'm mostly worried about the ni-roi border , though . 
  at first i was like `` no !, 
  '' , but then i was like `` ah , well . '', 
  i 'm a republican . 
  everytime i argue for it with someone , i either get `` but it 's nice with a king '' or at best `` yeah , you 're right '' but with a tone that suggests i argued that two moons would be cooler than one . 
  no one here cares , really . 
  so we are stuck with a monarch because `` who cares ? '' . 
  to be honest , i do n't care that strongly either , but i feel the notion that some people are born with special privileges given by the state is dumb . 
  this is why we could n't even decide on a bridge or a tunnel . 
  that is so bloody perfect !, 
  i 'd honestly be worried if you ever said something nice , then again , how would i be able to tell ? 
  ca n't pronounce r or the sound at the start of the number 7 ( sju ) .
