  i 'd call it the sj-sound , but we ca n't honestly decide on how to spell it . 
  i do n't think i would even react if someone was calling out my surname in a room . 
  it 's bascially just a name i put on documents , like my personal number . 
  the uk . 
  second biggest economy and wants to leave . 
  i do n't see it here in sweden either . 
  unless you count numberplates and driving licences . 
  1 car that i use essentially every day . 
  i 'd like to get a motorcycle again though . 
  we say `` prosit '' , i have no idea what it means . 
  i 'd prefer if no one acknowledged my sneezes , actually . 
  202 years of peace . 
  i can think of `` dd '' which i think means `` du d\u00e5 ? '', 
  since it always comes after i ask about what they 're doing or how they 're feeling . 
  i do n't like seafood . 
  i mean , i eat it , but sitting there removing the shell , or scales , or whatever it 's called in english , is horrible . 
  give me asian food any day . 
  but i think swedish has the same rule , anyway . 
  the only exception with word order in swedish i can think of is that our equivalent of `` the '' comes after the noun . 
  `` wind of change '' by scorpions is pretty good . 
  ca n't they just get a puppy instead ? 
  the only likely scenario would be something like norway is considering now ( giving a mountain to finland ) . 
  that one of the nordics give away a very small uninhabited part . 
  us giving something away , or recieving something . 
  * maybe * scania ( sk\u00e5ne ) will rejoin denmark , but highly unlikely . 
  i support it . 
  the balkans need it . 
  ukraine also needs it , but i feel like they need to cut off donbas and crimea first . 
  moldova will probably only make it if they merged with romania . 
  and the efta countries can join as soon as they want to , in my opinion . 
  where 's the limit ? 
  all countries that are fully in europe , i think , as long as they fulfill the criteria . 
  not that we should kick cyprus out . 
  i 'm avoiding this one . 
  ^ ^ get ^ ^ it ? 
  i mean , i get tax havens , but why would regular citizens care about the benefits of large corporations ? 
  that 's what you get on like low-tier welfare here . 
  nordic, 
  not really no . 
  fight !, 
  fight !, 
  fight !, 
  very popular among suburban youth , i 'd say . 
  swedish rappers tend to have a bit of a worker 's class `` revolution '' theme to them . 
  i do n't really listen to it myself . 
  i 'd log into reddit and ask all the experts that frequently post there . 
  the croatian black one is nice . 
  but they 'll probably switch to the ugly brownish one like the rest has eventually . 
  no , not in school . 
  but i knew a lot of kids that practiced martial arts outside of school . 
  i was one of them , but it was kickboxing variants . 
  i tried a few months of shorinjikempo and another few months of krav maga , but i fell out of them . 
  russia , if maritime neighbours count . 
  otherwise i 'd have to pick denmark not because of any dislike , but because the other options are finland and norway . 
  but if they do n't count either because it * has * to be a landborder , well , norway i guess . 
  finland is my fave . 
  i do n't really , but i still know a lot because there is really no avoiding it . 
   but i do n't , actually . 
  i did n't mean * you * specifically , but english likes to use ` you ' for bloody everything . 
   what you seem to say is that any unsubstantiated claim should be considered false , until proven to be true . 
  roughly correct ? 
  yes , exactly so . 
   since we ca n't even begin to `` test '' a god hypothesis ( and the ` formal god/no god proofs ' are silly altogether ) , i would say the entire deity debate does n't fall under the category ` knowledge ' to begin with , at least in theory . 
  in practice , like i said above , if you act as if there is a god and wage wars because of him/her/it , then you are of course acting irresponsibly . 
  i 'm inclined to agree . 
   i do not think that there is a conclusive argument by which one prove that there is not a god . 
  this is what i have a problem with . 
  from my point of view as someone that `` started out '' as a atheist/non-believer , asking me for conclusive proof that * your * claim is n't true is almost upsetting . 
  you are assuming * your * view is the default one , and that * i * am challenging it . 
  for me it 's the other way around . 
  this is the the flying spaghetti monster parody was created , since no one can prove that * that * does n't exist . 
  in reality , no one can claim to ` know ' , therefore everyone is technically an agnostic . 
  but the question is whether or not you believe . 
  i do not believe . 
  ` knowing ' means your beliefs correspond to reality , and that you are aware of it . 
  so the only part that theists and atheists are on equal terms is on how the universe began , and on how life began . 
  since science has yet to answer that . 
  theists can claim that the universe was created by some intelligence if they want , since it could be just any other hypothesis like multiverse hypothesis . 
  atheists often claim to ` know ' as well , but at least they are open to change their views when presented with new evidence . 
  theists tend to stick to their book \u2122 , which by the way is supposed to be written by this higher power ? 
  no , if deities exist , none of them wrote these incredibly flawed books . 
  i 'm an atheist in the same way a baby is , i never learnt to believe in a god . 
  therefore the notion that * i * need to * disprove * a theist 's claim is very odd . 
  i call myself ` atheist ' very rarely , since i seldom encounter theists . 
  i frankly do believe that ` agnostics ' are people whom want to appear more neutral because of this weird internet atheism activism , mostly from the us . 
  you either believe in deities ( theist ) or you do not ( atheist ) . 
  yes , but being ` agnostic ' just means you do n't know . 
  ` atheist ' means you do n't believe . 
  go north . 
  we are a pretty big country with lots of awesome nature . 
  go and look at it . 
  buying alcohol feels like i 'm a teenager asking my parents if i could get a beer on my birthday , or something . 
  i 'm an adult ffs , leave me alone with your nanny state crap . 
  also , marijuana should be legal , and definitely not treated the same as fucking heroin . 
  our drug and alcohol policies . 
  and finally get rid of that annoying hole in the map . 
  technically , `` not believing '' is the same thing as being atheist . 
  since it just means you do n't believe in any deity , the opposite of a theist . 
  of course , there are also anti-theists . 
  i guess i would be an atheist , since i grew up without religion .
