  elections in russia are rigged since 1996 . 
  it does n't matter how i vote . 
  they should punish putin 's inner circle . 
  not russia . 
  because putin will leave sooner or later . 
  to improve russian views on west ngos should do something real . 
  west have lots of choices . 
  for example they can ask people who are buying houses in london how they got their money . 
  but it will be bad for profit so west wo n't do it . 
  they had to think about it decades ago . 
  when west supported yeltsin against parliament for example . 
  they will cut everything else before touching military complex . 
  that 's stupid . 
  as far as i know that place is pretty cold . 
  so maybe . 
  but that letter is n't used in names for almost 100 years . 
  and they 've reported that `` is highly peculiar that the vessel is very light in color '' . 
  that submarine was very light in color . 
  at least on photo ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:russian_submarine_beluga.png ) . 
  looks like they 've found this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/som-class_submarine that letter '' \u042a '' in name is n't used after revolution . 
  it 's intolerant !, 
  they 're freedom fighters against evil russia . 
  so you must love them . 
  past 20 years they have heard only about russia 's faults . 
  did they help bomb lybia ? 
  if yes then they must . 
  if no then they must n't . 
  some years ago libya was n't shithole controlled by islamist rebels . 
  but europe decided to destroy state there and now they 're facing with consequences . 
  if you ca n't protect your own sovereignty by force - you 're not sovereign country . 
  that 's reality . 
  it does n't matter if you like it or not . 
  european plan is a direct military agression . 
  so they should aim their own governments . 
  that allow to minimize collateral damage . 
  that 's good . 
  because football is for retards . 
  it 's not about size . 
  it 's about buffer tank . 
  more ehp and so . 
  i really loved tic tacs . 
  but russia is just modernizing 30 and 40 years old military . 
   post-yeltsin russia would probably be very unstable . 
  i 'm not sure about it . 
  different groups in parliament are having different interests is pretty normal thing for democratic state as far as i know . 
  at least it would n't be autocracy . 
  of course . 
  because usa does n't care about silly things like `` democracy '' or `` rule of law '' . 
  i would ask about legitimity of state duma . 
  that constitution was literally forced after bloodbath in moscow and was never discussed . 
  that 's not bad . 
  russian can absorb any words from any language . 
  that 's really great . 
  i can talk with lots of people from different countries . 
  and english has no chance to beat russian in russia . 
  russians or communists ? 
  ussr and russia are two different countries . 
  i do n't know why world decided otherwise . 
  that country did n't exists since 1993 . 
  other side doing the same . 
  showing how good and kind ukrainians are shelling by absolutely evil russians . 
  we should hope that putin did n't read it . 
  if he continue his politics then in year of two in would be possible . 
  he does nothing to solve problems . 
  and there is too many totally crazy people around him . 
  europe must deal with consequences of their own actions . 
  well , europe destroyed state in lybia . 
  now they must accept all refugees from there . 
  or create new functional state . 
  i wish i were rotenberg . 
  there is literally no credible opposition . 
  if you have democratic views and do n't want to deal with 90 's scum then you have nowhere to go . 
  but i do n't really know what 's happening on anti-west side . 
  no , because most of them already ruled russia in 90s . 
  or have too close links to them . 
  kasyanov , katz , navalny , kasparov , maybe somebody else . 
  but i do n't understand why putin is trying to kill them . 
  they 're morons , have really bad reputationd and ca n't do anything . 
  pointless waste of money . 
  never heard about him . 
  that `` international community '' was totally ok with yeltsin and all his bullshit . 
  from shelling parliament to stealing elections . 
  why should i care about it 's opinion after that ? 
  they just do n't care about democracy . 
  it 's a buzzword now . 
  democracy in russia was destroyed by yeltsin in 1993 . 
  so we only had it for 2 years . 
  and if that shit between 1993 and 2000 was democracy then i do n't want it . 
  i do n't really care . 
  you have to check how things are in reality , not in books . 
  not just cold war !, 
  dinosaur extinction is russia fault too !, 
  i 'm sure they will prove it soon . 
  and then they will ask `` why there is so many terrorists ?! '', 
  you had to live in russia in 90-s . then you would 'n understand why everybody in the world so angry about putin . 
  i mean before crimea and ukraine . 
   but the full version of the video ( posted among other places on the ukrainian website censor.net ) told a rather different story . 
  well , ok . 
  i just ca n't comment this . 
  both .
