  and then everybody will remember putin as a nice guy in comparsion . 
  i do n't see them punishing putin and his band . 
  they still have their property in london for example . 
  west ukraine ? 
  really ? 
  and ? 
  it is n't hate . 
  not even near . 
  every media is lying . 
  that 's their nature . 
  west supported yeltsin and his gangsters . 
  that 's why it ca n't be trusted ever again . 
  and this way give putin really strong support . 
  nice idea . 
  and western world do n't want to save them from evil putin ? 
  too bad , next time next guy is going to think before telling everybody the truth . 
  and think really hard . 
  who ? 
   there are those who seek to make out the ussr purely as a beacon of cultural beauty , industrious progress and might . 
  and there are people who paint ussr and everything that was there as absolute evil . 
  as far as i remember baltic counties became idependent in may 1990 , more than 26 years ago . 
  best way is to leave baby boomers in their country and move somewhere else . 
  that would mean some problems but what you have earned stay with you . 
  i think it 's possible to calculate optimal way to do it . 
  never . 
  soon . 
  nuclear-free world is the world where usa can terrorize entire world without any hope for better live for anybody else . 
  just because they can do that and nobody can do anything about it . 
  so no . 
  those who tried that have lost and gave up back in 1996 . 
  it 's absolutely pointless . 
  nope , in 1941 . 
  my grandfather lost one of his lungs . 
  my grandmother never meet her ex-classmates and friends because they all died in first days in that war . 
  and now some brain-dead idiot dares to say shit about it . 
  so he totally deserves it . 
  is it something bad ? 
  ca n't be done . 
  clones will be totally different persons . 
  west never wanted to be friends with russia . 
  that was just a stupid myth . 
  do n't expect any politician in russia be any different from putin . 
  they just represent different groups of oligarchs . 
  no point to apologise if nobody even listen to it . 
  katyn massacare is a good example . 
  and west will never apologise for supporting yeltsin and his `` reforms '' . 
  germany must be happy that they managed to get away with it so easily . 
  especially after what they have done in russia . 
  i know about all those rapes and shit and i do n't give a damn fuck . 
  because europe is an us colony . 
  if they do n't want to be with russia - they 're free to go and stab each other as much as they like . 
  most likely his family is from group ( or tribe ? ), 
  that opposed kadyrov 's group . 
  yeltsin fought it . 
  everybdy else were totally ok with letting chechnya go . 
  traditional taxi is aids . 
  that 's why almost all taxi in perm works in same way as uber . 
  i havent ' seen `` normal '' taxi for years . 
  yes . 
  russia was n't out of war in that moment . 
  all politicians are corrupted anyway . 
  we need a superintelligence ai . 
  most of corrupted politicians would be killed in stalin 's time . 
  that 's why . 
  you have to have place to live at least , most likely from ussr time . 
  it just is n't possible to live on 22k rubles if you pay market price for rent . 
  or i just do n't know how to do it . 
  teacher in russia is a low-paying job . 
  they do n't have choice but to tell what they told to say . 
  otherwise they 'll lose their jobs and only one source of income . 
  it would mean that european values means something and it 's worth supporting it . 
  and do n't forget which side you supported when russian people tried to get rid of corrupted government in 1993 . 
  but right now you help putin to stay in power . 
  your banks allow him to have secret police , propaganda , support from his circle . 
  and in eyes of russian people your `` values '' worth nothing because your only real value is money . 
  simple . 
  imagine that putin is gone , russia is now democratic and so on . 
  and try to explain why the hell you helped those bastards to stay in power here . 
  and why we should be friendly towards you after this shit . 
  i do n't see any of those `` european values '' while your banks help putin 's cronies to hide stolen money . 
  yup . 
  and when putin will be replaced someday nobody will return any money . 
  people tired but then yeltsin happened . 
  any movement towards democracy ended in 1993 . 
  putin did n't destroy democracy beacuse it was already dead . 
  absolutley . 
  and i do n't care . 
  basically exactly what happened with those who run against yeltsin . 
  no real difference . 
  why should i care about union of any sort ? 
  i 'm saying that i do n't care about how good or bad it was for other countries because i do n't live there . 
  after 2000 , yes . 
  but not in 90-s . 
  problem was that some people became filthy rich by using shady schemes while government used not less shady schemes and direct force to put people down . 
  and all of that was called `` democracy '' and `` market economy '' . 
  worst thing about it is that those people still considered as `` opposition '' or `` liberals '' or `` democrats '' by people outside russia . 
  why should i care about them ? 
  i do n't live in satellite states of the ussr . 
  pretty simple - ussr was shit but new russia was shitter for most people . 
  they have n't seen anything good from democracy or from market .
