  and there is no new faces at all . 
  our opposition leadership mostly are from nomenklatura too . 
  they had lots of profits from anarchy back in the days . 
  and they 'll never accept somebody new who is n't from their circles . 
  but that things was called `` democracy '' . 
  and even now our opposition is doing it . 
  first thing you need is to convince people that shit from 90s was n't democracy . 
  yes . 
  despite they are full of scum from 90s . 
  people did n't even know how to live in market economy . 
  and state is much more complex than in time of french revolutiin . 
  people do n't want to go back in 90s . 
  with poverty , bandits and other shit . 
  it will be really hard to convince people that democracy has nothing with it . 
  there were nobody else . 
  putin got power only because all that shit in 90-s . 
  russsia outside moscow is one big moscow 's colony . 
  it was ussr , not `` we '' . 
  but maybe putin did something about it . 
  146 % accurate . 
  source : my talking bear . 
  this already happened in 90s . 
  west had really good chance to change something but they decided that ussr debt is more important than future . 
  it has nothing with propaganda . 
  i 've seen ruins of those camps when i was a kid . 
  it was pretty near from place where i lived . 
  long time ago kgb put church under their control . 
  some priests was kgb agents . 
  and church leadership have lots of benefits from work for putin . 
  well , putin does n't have communism or something like this . 
  that 's why he 's using church . 
  one day people will start looking for who 's to blame . 
  and it will end really bad for orthodox church . 
  naive fool with good intentions . . 
  too far . 
  tickets will cost much more than `` salary '' :(, 
  well , i would be happy to hear where can i get my salary . 
  nice . 
  i always wanted to read this . 
  i do n't know . 
  ask stalin . 
  at least ussr had enough time to evacuate industry . 
  and nobody can do anything about that now . 
  they had choice to not make alliance with germany , then watch how germany moving right to ussr borders and then become germany 's first big victim . 
  i did n't say anything about `` made ussr invade '' or `` fault '' . 
  too much really bad experience from the past . 
  just like east europe afraid of russian invasion - russians are afraid of western invasion . 
  do n't forget that france and uk refused to sign alliance with ussr in 1939 ( triple alliance negotiations ) . 
  so ussr did n't have other choice . 
  that 's a good thing . 
  and just a year ago i was against it . 
  only one thing that changed was name of current tsar and his title . 
  from `` emperor '' to `` general-secretary '' to `` president '' . 
  nothing was changed . 
  really stupid idea . 
  this money can be used for something better . 
   crazy chechen guy he was `` freedom fighter '' , you know . 
  england and france could do it too . 
  stalin was trying to make alliance with them in 1939 but they refused ( triple alliance negotiations ) . 
  so he made allance with hitler . 
  usa does n't have powerful neighbors with long complicated relationships . 
   serf-like mentality this thing needs time . 
  lot of time . 
  so , we have something to ask putin . 
  holodomor was in entire russia . 
  not only in ukraine . 
  i 've never heard about it . 
  maybe our `` free media '' censored it . 
  and our opposition is calling it `` democracy '' too . 
  well , everybody including west called it `` democracy '' and `` capitalism '' . 
  and i do n't think that anybody have a chance to try it again in the next 100 years at least . 
  in 90s they ruled the country . 
  looks like those idiots absolutely do n't understand what they 're doing . 
  they would n't ignore it . 
  and media is n't everything , lots of people have relatives and friends in ukraine . 
  because it did n't work in 90s for lots of reasons . 
  and baltics is pretty different from russia . 
  right now russians just do n't trust the west at all . 
  there is no reasons to think that west can have any kind of good intentions towards russia . 
  if ukraine wo n't work then russia will stay under putin and his successors for ages . 
   `` right now interference of the west is associated with misery , chaos and corruption , and that 's what we see in the ukraine , '' he says . 
  `` if ukraine can be successful , it 's a showcase that western interference can be productive . '', 
  he 's totally right in this part . 
  they told you many things . 
  that was expected . 
  it 's the same thing that we had in 90s . 
  poroshenko is yeltsin but we do n't know who is going to be ukrainian putin . 
  bunch of morons . 
  i really want to know how `` develop an eu narrative through key messages , articles , op-eds , factsheets , infographics , including material in russian language , '' will work with `` correction and fact-checking of misinformation '' . 
  what they will do if facts will be against eu narrative ? 
   i 'm more than sure that it would 've gone through in the next 5 years i 've heard exactly the same thing when i was in school in 90s . 
  but why do they protect guys like khodorkovsky then ? 
  talks and nothing but talks for all 24 years . 
  for example i 've heard about `` talks about visa free travel '' when i was in school in 90s . 
  and where is it ? 
  there was no bullshit nationalism 10 years ago . 
  and european community did n't welcome russia at all . 
  i do n't think that european community really wants it . 
  because in past 24 years it did n't happen . 
  you should watch less cnn/foxnews/etc too .
