  and i ca n't see why anybody here should care what other countries have got from this . 
  then it would n't matter . 
  that bullshit might be not so bad after all . 
  there 's no guarantee that your sensitive data wo n't end in free access . 
  i do n't see reason to care . 
  you buy something because it 's better or cheaper . 
  not because seller is a nice guy . 
  and i do n't see reason to have empaty to anyone but myself , yes . 
  others will try to use you without pay anyway , it 's better to prevent it . 
  west did at least two very-very bad things . 
  they supported yeltsin in 1993 and closed eyes on his atrocities . 
  without that shit oligarchs would have much less power and influence if any . 
  second time - when they helped yeltsin to `` win '' and closed eyes on totally unfair elections . 
  without that people at least would believe in democracy and elections . 
  i can say same about any baboon-like african dictator . 
  no idea really . 
  yeltsin was a dick i think . 
  those bastards !, 
  west did n't want russia to join . 
  so here we are . 
  it would be the same . 
  and i do n't think that russia can fall apart except caucasus ( to hell them , build a wall ) . 
  same culture , same language and no reason to cross borders just to visit your parents . 
  borsch existed in ancient rome . 
   that you have to give away your bag , step through some detector i pretty much hate it . 
  have n't seen any of than in perm . 
  us is trying to build missile defence right now . 
  why ? 
  as i 've seen us does n't need a reason to invade , they just invade . 
  i 'm talking about absolute poverty here . 
  it does n't matter . 
  foreign invasion is worse that corruption and civil abuse . 
  and if outsiders fear russia then they most likely wo n't invade . 
  you just did n't live in crumbling economy when you do n't know what you 're going to eat tomorrow for 5-6 years . 
  after that you will stop caring about silly things like `` liberty '' . 
  i do n't need their freedom to pollute my air . 
  but we all know that news about evil russia just ca n't be false . 
  gay wedding . 
  mark my words . 
  you can buy chiken if you have money for it . 
  and you do n't know if you 'll have money tomorrow . 
  and for those who died it did n't worth it at all . 
  after reading reddit i think that most people still do n't know that ussr does n't exist anymore . 
  they had n't to support yeltsin unconditionally in 1993 and later at least . 
  shooting your own parliament ca n't be considered democracy . 
  nobody can be worse that yeltsin . 
  and why should i care about them ? 
  west did significant `` help '' there . 
  people who went against yeltsin and his disastrous plans in 1993 were suppressed by military force with full western support . 
  nobody know how many people were killed . 
  their advisors made a lot of harm . 
  and in 1996 they helped yeltsin to `` win '' destroying any trust in elections maybe forever in process . 
  you can think about it in this way : if i help thief to open door into your home i 'll be guilty . 
  even if i did n't steal anything personally . 
  most important part that everybody is trying to forget is that west never wanted to help russia to become something better . 
  their goal was to not let communists return . 
  they were absolute shit . 
  you could easily say who paid who and for what for example . 
  i 'm trying to say that it is n't a significant difference . 
  there is no significant difference between `` all owners decided to support that guy '' and `` state-owned media were told to support that guy '' . 
  i would gladly do it . 
  let them go and build a wall . 
  so they can stab each other as much as they want . 
  and that 's good . 
  why anybody would want to cross 2-3 borders just to visit parents on new year ? 
  i 've heard something like that around 1998-1999 . 
  it was n't done yet . 
  that means it wo n't be done ever . 
  well , i can understand that no more than you . 
  maybe they had nice little business that ended after ussr disappeared ? 
  life in new russia for most people was much worse than in ussr for decade or more . 
  it still worse for some . 
  this opinion should n't be a surprise . 
  they 'll never give russia visa-free travel anyway . 
  it did n't happen in 90s so it wo n't happen ever . 
  everybody know it of course . 
  but all possible alternatives are the same . 
  no point to replace one group of thiefs with another . 
  our liberals had their chance back in 90s and they utterly failed everything . 
  nobody will trust them ever again . 
  you ca n't eat hope . 
  when i read something like that i wish ussr have stopped war with germany somewhere around 1943 and helped them against such `` allies '' . 
  butthurted russophobs . 
  only if you describle `` freedom '' as `` freedom to take what i like from others '' and `` democracy '' as `` right to kill those who against me '' . 
  90s were much more dangerous . 
  no jobs , no laws , no police and lots of criminals . 
  that was the worst time the country ever had . 
  if you remove creationists , anti-abortion idiots , religious zelaots and other cretins - then yes . 
  yeltsin 's russia was much worse than ussr by living standarts . 
  so if most people can make enough money to feed themselves without relying on growing their own food - then it 's a progress . 
  trouble is that west still loves yeltsin by some reasons that i can describe only as `` rabid russophobia '' . 
  there was n't any kind of `` safety net '' . 
  closing those factories would mean mass starvation . 
  there were no other jobs and all savings were destroyed by hyperinflation . 
  so choice is pretty easy : over-tax healthy companies or deal with civil war . 
  both options are bad . 
  polish shock therapy was pretty different . 
  they 've got debt relief and right support in right time . 
  nothing like this was done in russia . 
  jeffrey sachs in `` what i did in russia '' and in some interviews said that .
