what a shame . 
  that 's why you should n't help us or nato . 
  ever . 
  why should they care ? 
  yes . 
  you should provide all sides or you 're engaging in propaganda . 
  my own backyard is perfect . 
  then eu must tell libya officials about it , give all the data and evidence . 
  and then libyan police will arrest smugglers . 
  but human rights are universal !, 
  and what about human rights and so on ? 
  and they still do n't have any chances to win . 
  they must cut all connections with all politician from 90s and declare all of them criminals . 
  money talks , bullshit walks . 
  those `` protestors '' just had too much money and free time . 
  i do n't want to touch that shit . 
  deal with it . 
  i ca n't vote for putin 's party because i do n't want to do it and never will . 
  i do n't want to vote for zhirinovsky because he 's a moron . 
  i ca n't vote for liberals because they still did n't break all ties with 90s scum and consider criminals like gaidar or yeltsin as good guys . 
  so i have only communists left . 
  oh , and i feel kinda guilty because i 've read propagandist paper '' \u041d\u0435 \u0434\u0430\u0439 \u0431\u043e\u0433 '' in 1996 and even trusted it . 
  if you 're from russia you know what i mean . 
  current communsits have nothing in common with soviet . 
  communists . 
  why ? 
  because fuck you , that 's why . 
  there is 3 possible ways : 1 . 
  europe will become failed state . 
  any kind of welfare will be removed . 
  return of nazi . 
  that is n't a reason to destabilize it more . 
  bandits there have a lot of us weapon and training . 
  sometimes authoritarian regimes are better than bandits . 
  there is no silver bullet . 
  if you had known it better then why would n't have you commanded that operation ? 
  you ca n't rescue hostages without wiping out the terrorists . 
  best show ever . 
  there are people who hate russans for historical reasons . 
  no , they did n't . 
  jeffrey d. sachs wrote about it here : http://jeffsachs.org/2012/03/what-i-did-in-russia/  to summarize a long saga succinctly , russia never received much in grant aid , stabilization support , [ 33 ] or debt relief . 
  what little did come was far too late to save the collapsing initial momentum of reforms , as most of the reformers were long gone from the scene or at least from the center of power . 
  a very senior u.s. official , lawrence eagleburger , told me bluntly in the spring of 1992 : `` jeffrey , you must understand . 
  assume for the sake of argument that i agree with you . 
  it does n't matter . 
  do you know what this year is ? 
  it 's an election year . 
  there will be no large-scale financial support . '' i had heard that before , many times indeed , in bolivia , poland , and elsewhere . 
  in those earlier cases , persistent persuasion had made a difference . 
  i did not take eagleburger 's statement at face value , though perhaps i should have done so . 
  he was , of course , proved accurate in subsequent events . 
  u.s. policy on aiding russia was indeed intransigent , and wrongheaded . 
   push democratization of russia this part will be really hard . 
  people have very bad memories from 90s . 
  chances to build liberal democracy in russia were destroyed by yeltsin in 1993 . 
  and he had full western support . 
  of course . 
  and almost all western actions in past 25 years confirm it . 
  and that 's why nobody will go against putin like in 1991 . 
  they can kiss my vpn . 
  not really . 
  right now regions are giving most of their own money to moscow . 
  and then moscow is giving some of them back . 
  and behave like it 's moscow 's money . 
  that 's the main problem here . 
  regions do n't want to leave russia . 
  they want their money back from moscow . 
  people do n't give a fuck about putin mostly . 
  they 're like `` putin ? 
  is he a president ? 
  ok , i support him . 
  now i have much more important things to do . 
  it 's better than chaos . 
  long time ago alchemy was a thing too . 
  but nobody take it serious now . 
  everything . 
  and that 's good . 
  communists did at least one really good thing : tried to destroy religion . 
  our clients are people who are paying for f2p games . 
  most of them in russia . 
  if they do n't have money they i wo n't have money too . 
  and so ? 
  i should prefer poverty in sake of what ? 
  nobody needed those planes despite they were faster than subsonic . 
  why somebody would need something even faster ? 
  i , my parents and almost everybody who i know were really poor for more than decade after ussr fall . 
  so yes , i 'll be grateful enough if i do n't need to care about food and place to sleep too much . 
   there have been dozens of examples of societies moving from dictatorship to democracies in 20th century i have seen one of them from inside during that transformation . 
  i prefer authoritarianism to that kind of `` democracy '' . 
  you ca n't eat ideas or freedom of press . 
  yes , two : concorde and tu-144 . 
  do n't play dumb please . 
  people with power and money will start fighting with each other for more power and money . 
  what else ? 
  if people will remove putin by some way then result will be the same as after ussr collapse . 
  lots of problems , total chaos , poverty and no help from anybody . 
  nobody wants that again . 
  there is no war where i live or at least in 2000 km from here . 
  why people should prefer total chaos that they still remember to relative stability ? 
  hypersonic jets are so xx century .
