  of course no . 
  you should watch less cnn/foxnews/etc . 
  nothing is changing really . 
  right after foxnews . 
  of course they will never ask crimea 's people if they want it . 
  so we 're going to have putin forever . 
  noooo !, 
  conspiracy theory . 
  after nemtsov 's death there was a conflict between fsb and chechens . 
  so putin have to choose side . 
  that 's why he was hiding . 
  i hoped he 's dead . 
  why he ca n't stay dead ? 
  what did you expect from american show ? 
  revolution can only bring extreme poverty for decades . 
  and nothing else . 
  but `` west '' wo n't start to confiscate their property that was bought with dirty money . 
  so all that propaganda will be pointless . 
  west likes money much more than `` ideals '' ,, 
  sweden this time ? 
  yeltsin was a scumbag . 
  i really want to piss on his grave . 
  he does n't deserve anything . 
  i 've really liked entire article . 
  that 's strange . 
  stalin 's support have stared to rise back in 90s . 
  basic idea was `` if stalin was alive then those scumbags who stole everything would be all dead '' . 
  that 's basically all the same for me . 
  why ? 
  he just finished what yeltsin have started . 
  he ca n't exist in another system . 
  it never was alive . 
   in 1996 , russian media magnates and the overwhelming majority of journalists united against the threat of a communist takeover . 
  they acted as a united front in support of president boris yeltsin , who was running for a second term . 
  that 's how `` free press '' have died . 
  they all published craziest brainwashing propaganda possible and showed that their `` freedom of press '' worth nothing . 
  i 'm afraid his home is isis now . 
  i do n't think he will have too much choice in near future . 
  nobody would ask me or anybody else about that . 
  you should know who is going to replace putin . 
   segmentation fault, 
  and they totally forgot about little nasty thing called `` trade '' . 
  you ca n't have prosperous country if you do n't have access to world trade . 
  it 's mostly `` if there were stalin those thiefs and corrupted officials would be executed long time ago '' . 
  important thing that everybody always forget . 
  that should have be done long time ago . 
  instead of that stupid war . 
  90 's are back for real . 
  this thing killed a lot of russians too . 
  so calling it genocide against ukrainians means forgetting about everybody else . 
  yup . 
  that 's why you should n't trust usa . 
  ever . 
  it 's just a consequence of this problem . 
  without being good at wars russia would n't exist today . 
  i would like to sponsor them . 
  that 's awesome . 
  not even near . 
  last time i 've checked it they did n't want my money . 
  dump them right into hands of isis recruiters . 
  some north african countries are n't really a countires for some time . 
  just territories . 
  that 's not state busines . 
  that 's pretty simple - you just do n't change registration . 
  they make it hard so that 's their problems . 
  in worst case you need to pay small fine and that 's all . 
  but usually nobody care . 
   and do you really dislike patriotism ? 
  oh yes !, 
  i have better idea . 
  everything that ends on '' - ism '' is a bullshit . 
  and every idealist is a dangerous psychopath . 
  i want your winter . 
  you can have mine in exchange . 
  people did n't reject that direction . 
  yeltsin did . 
  using tanks as an argument . 
  after that people have n't had any influence anymore . 
  most important is that west totally supported that shit . 
  and now they just do n't trust anybody . 
   from the creation of the nato-russia council in the 1990s but that `` council '' was nothing but pointless talking shop without any power and influence . 
  so they did n't want to integrate russia into western world . 
  they tried to create nice illusion instead . 
  and he totally failed to defend them . 
  idiot . 
   how it protected itself to become the world 's largest country and such ? 
  pretty simple really . 
  you have all those nomads around you who love to raid an kill everybody they can . 
  you destroy them and put their territory under control so they ca n't kill you . 
  then you have another bunch of savages right outside this new territory . 
  and so on . 
  that 's a pretty stupid way to waste money . 
  i love how those letters `` kgb '' make everybody shit bricks . 
  would be fun to call that something absolutely harmless . 
  it does n't matter at all . 
  opposition was banned from elections , thrown in jail and just killed . 
  after that tank show in moscow ? 
  of course not . 
  first and last relatively fair elections in russia were in 1989 . 
  and who died exactly ?
