  for belgians do the same , except be a little more generous on the frenchman . 
  congratulations , you now have a person who believes it a scientific and absolute truth that well-organised states are attractive , and one who is so convinced of that attraction that he does n't pave his roads to prevent being overrun . 
  that 's way too cute . 
  you should x-post this to / r/canada . 
  another one : [ `` under the ( indonesian ) red and white flag : terror and poverty . 
  under the red , white and blue : order and prosperity . 
  '' ] ( http://www.doorbraak.eu/blog/wp-content/uploads/ordeg.jpg ), 
  after our liberation from the nazis we wanted to regain indonesia from the japanese , who had occupied it for the massive amounts of oil and rubber there . 
  ironically enough this poster says we should liberate them , but when they proclaimed independence in '45 they were met with some savage reprisals . 
  in '49 independence was recognized by the dutch government . 
  they use a kind of auditory illusion called [ combination tones ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/combination_tone ) . 
  they are the sum and the difference of the frequencies being chanted , so you hear tones that nobody 's actually singing . 
  that 's why monks and christian religions in general are mad for those chants , it sounds like some angels are singing along with you . 
  very interesting . 
  i did n't know pasta only really broke through because of southern immigrants . 
  i heard the mussolini thing on qi , so it 's probably to be taken with a grain of salt . 
  ( or rice ) i believe it was part of his plan to make italy self-sufficient and increase yield per square km . 
  did n't mussolini want to make people switch from pasta to rice ? 
  was it prevalent before then or did he just build from an existing tradition ? 
  your examples would fit better if they were ` exploiting workers ' and ` creating profit of another mans labour ' , which they probably claim capitalism does . 
  they consume the products of that system because there simply are n't any other systems to get phones , food or cars from . 
  i do n't know if those knobheads actually put any thought into it though . 
  generally true , but that 's kind of hard when protesting the system that literally governs everything around you . 
  there is n't any non-capitalist food or communist/socialist/whateverist phones around . 
  i hate what they do but this is n't a great argument . 
  down with the monarchy !, 
  - pays tax to king . 
  switch to renewables !, 
  - uses electricity generated by fossil fuels . 
  you can exist in a society while wanting to see it changed . 
  burning cars is not the way to go about that though . 
  i see , thank you . 
  i assumed the first row of letters to start with dvorak as in qwerty but having looked it up that does n't seem to be the case . 
  is it named after the composer or just a funny coincedence ? 
  everybody from europe can though . 
  due to the exponential increase in ancestors per generation our latest common ancestor lived somewhere in the 15th century . 
  ca n't we give the finns a nickname as well . 
  sauna swedes or something like that . 
  he was n't implying that all of poland bears responsibilty for some collaborators . 
  we really are competitive when it comes to infrastructure . 
  those bridges on the euro notes are fictional to avoid favouring one nation over another right ? 
  some dudes here saw that and [ built them all . 
  ] ( http://www.atlasobscura.com/places/euro-banknote-bridges ), 
  zuma and putin also have baggy pants . 
  to a lesser extent than trump though . 
  it 's probably a stylistic choice since i ca n't imagine that they do n't have the money for a tailor . 
  my inner terrorist is wondering how earth-shattering the impact of a bomb under that stage must be . 
  just strange to see so many powerful people together . 
  yet it still looks like a high school picture . 
  macron shuffling over to trump is hilarious . 
  i 'll grant you that the navalnyi protests were rightfully broken up since they got another place to protest . 
  it would be hypocritical to criticize that . 
  i suppose most people did n't know about the allowed place , so tactfully explaining that in threads here when somthing similar happens could do a lot to make people understand . 
  i 'm also not sure if these anarchists actually have ringleaders , it probably spread from facebook groups and people inviting their anarchist friends . 
  oh sorry , i thought you meant that they did n't try to disperse them . 
  as long as they disperse them without killing i 'd say there 's nothing wrong with it . 
  though dispersing peaceful protestors can be rightfully seen as bad . 
  china and russia have been known to skirt those two rules . 
  looters such as those in hamburg however have forfeited their right to protest . 
  your comment was n't worth much more since german police are firing water cannons , making arrests and chasing people across rooftops , all the while protecting the most important world leaders . 
  they are understaffed if anything , and it 's hard to corner those guerilla mobs who flee at the first sign of trouble anyway . 
  but sure , they are actually writing nice letters and trying to hug them , that 's what / r/the _ donald told me germans do these days . 
  i actually agree with you and your reasons , it 's just the idea that even mentioning the bad parts of our history costitutes some kind of self-hatred that ticks me off . 
  for trump standards it was pretty decent . 
  not sure what the siege rhetoric was about though , it 's not like some terrorists can even make a dent in western civilization . 
  if anything our reaction to them is more impactful . 
  but regardless of content , the recognition of the polish struggle for nationhood was nice . 
  also god bless that , this and the other thing . 
  that * would * make the german chancellor the right person to complain to . 
  after hitler gave a big speech proclaiming himself f\u00fchrer a reporter came up to him and asked what he will do next . 
  he answered : ` i 'm going to kill 6 million jews and two swedes . ', 
  the reporter looked suprised , and asked : ` why the two swedes ? 
  ' , upon which hitler said : ` see , nobody cares about the jews !, 
  swamp german sounds better , though peat bog would be more accurate . 
  neither is really offensive , just funny . 
  i was reading a big ole book on the guy too when i made this name . 
  it 's one of the many italian variations . 
  you see the version with the p instead of b most though . 
  you 're wearing blinders then . 
  this sub is always sharing statistics that put europe first , amazing landscapes/monument/historical facts , and other cool pro-european stuff . 
  just because we also acknowledge that slavery is bad and mass murder undesirable doesn `` t make us self-flaggelators . 
  it 's a balanced perspective . 
  our king will volunteer as opposing king . 
  our queen is fitter as well so bring it on brits . 
  you guys still have bishops and knights though so that may be a problem . 
  this is an exact replication of me telling my mom that the bike they gave me got stolen again after just having it for a month , and that it was totally not my own fault . 
  that addendum about self-flaggelation really ruined this . 
  we 're always sharing awesome things about europe , and the one time some assholes get name-dropped we 're assumed to be cucks by someone named crusader_of_kekistan . 
  suprise mate , history is full of assholes and great people , and sometimes they overlap . 
  but you ca n't just take the good without the bad . 
  the latter tend to manipulate the former into doing it . 
  that 's how it has gone throughout history . 
  merkel is n't looking great on some of those either though . 
  erdogan is the one who got away best , and he 's probably the most disliked of the bunch . 
  dutch kfc 's too !, 
  looks like a german teddy roosevelt . 
  if they have to land rather than dock they 're probably going to fast to stop anyway . 
  could be , i do n't know him well enough myself to judge . 
  people despise antifa on reddit . 
  confirmation bias seems like a more reasonable explanation for your observations .
