  the motivation , photo and affiliation of the attackers are reported . 
  i never heard anyone call the police racist for arresting criminals . 
  if you frequent t_d or something similar you may think that though , they 're adept at scouring extremist corners of the internet and projections weird tweets on the mainstream . 
  sjw 's in europe are virtually non-existant as far as i 'm aware . 
  stable and externally imposed rarely go together . 
  look at america 's track record . 
  the libyans need to solve it themselves , or at least feel like they did . 
  we can help them , but an invasion to install a puppet dictator wo n't work . 
  ( and it 's morally dubious to say the least ), 
  it would be interesting to put the percentage of the votes they gather next to it . 
  that way it gives a better indication of the public opinion . 
  unless i 'm reading it wrong the average is taken under the assumption that all parties are equally represented . 
  i 'd almost wish for the return of ghadaffi , at least he could be bought off or reasoned with . 
  the mediterranean is way too porous when there is no strong , stable government in libya to deal with . 
  it 's pretty understandable that documentation will have to be changed , but that grandiose talk of cultural subjugation really strikes me the wrong way . 
  it sounds like a cheap way to rile up emotions and if your identity is dependent on the colour of your passport it is n't that strong of an identity anyway . 
  jesus the uk is disparate as hell . 
  probably entirely due to london . 
  also interesting how berlin is the only capital poorer than its national average . 
  is that a cold-war remnant ? 
  i think a better show of solidarity is reinforcing each others flags , and presenting a united front to the debauched displays of memery and anarchic destruction . 
  sweden , norway , greece and the netherlands have laid the foundation up north . 
  germany could n't control itself and ate france again though . 
  we accept french refugees in our sphere , build your flag again among brethren !, 
  meanwhile the dutch-swedish-norwegian-greek corner of / r/place prospers . 
  join us in our european venture of common defence and cooperation , under the lyrics of our glorious anthem !, 
  / r/nocontext, 
  p o l d e r e n, 
  i ca n't be the only person who thought they were worms with an :d face . 
  much better that way as well !, 
  alright , when will your government leave south ossetia and abkhazia ? 
  the whole island got the cross of st. george for bravery during the war , and now it 's on the flag . 
  also location of a great siege by the ottomans . 
  if they had captured it their position in the mediterranean would have been strenghtened massively . 
  iirc the knights also rented it from the spanish king for a certain bird of prey per annum . 
  pretty sweet deal . 
  islamic countries obviously stand out , but the north of india is noticably less incestuous than the south . 
  ( indonesia too , despite being the biggest muslim nation ) . 
  i remember the north of india being more islamic though . 
  is there a difference in urbanization or culture that explains this ? 
  also interesting how eastern europe is less incestuous than the west . 
  since it 's more rural in a lot of places i 'd assume the opposite . 
  you finns truly are a poetic people . 
  most of our constitution also stems from this year . 
  we did n't have a revolt though , the king was sufficiently scared by the others revolutions to just ask for it voluntarily . 
  then my man thorbecke proceeded to draft a nifty parlimentary democracy that we still enjoy today . 
  you 'd rather see hungary be a junior partner in a multi-ethnic absolute monarchy ? 
  not saying all nation-states are perfect , just that it was a necessary transition period . 
  by far the most interesting and morally ambiguous person in modern european history . 
  rises from obscurity to completely dominate the continent and upset the status quo everywhere . 
  highly recommend andrew roberts ' biography of him . 
  it 's true though . 
  not in an altruistic way , but simple realpolitik . 
  britain is safe as long as its fleet is untouchable . 
  the naval policy for a long time was that it should be able to beat the second and third fleets combined . 
  a united continent however would be able to build ships faster and in higher quantity than them , so a french europe was an existential threat . 
  once napoleon could get troops on british soil or cut their ties to the colonies they were done . 
  this is why trafalgar was so important . 
  creating cohesive nation-states out of feudal societies . 
  it mostly served its purpose after the 19th century though . 
  that 's assuming that all the voters will transfer with them . 
  some may just not want melenchon and stay home . 
  polls said trump and hillary were virtually tied in key states and with fptp that can swing an election . 
  ( not to mention the popular vote result ) geert wilders had been dropping in the polls for weeks , he peaked around newyears eve and got overtaken by vvd some time later . 
  ( and even if he had remained at his peak , he 'd still be 35 of seats short for forming a government ) . 
  i did n't follow brexit polls so ca n't comment on them . 
  i 'm a student and the new system is pretty neat . 
  zero interest on the loan combined with a very lenient payback scheme and the grant for students with poor parents is still in place . 
  the left government with the market liberals vvd , classical liberals d66 and christian democrat cda ? 
  greenleft might squeeze out something for their base but it 'll be the most economically right-wing government in years . 
  i 'm aware of greater armenia but when did they control the levant ? 
  it 's very well written and unless i 'm mistaken also recommended by / r/askhistorians , so accurate as well . 
  i 'd enjoy subtitles more to be honest . 
  this is pretty overwhelming and removes the emotion/emphasis from their words . 
  til we had outposts in chile and iran . 
  that strip of brazil is new for me too . 
  not love , just not the uncontrollable urge to blame any entity with more than a few million to its name for all the nations problems . 
  most of the time they are . 
  wilders is our longest sitting politician and farage has been mep for almost 20 years now . 
  trump may not be a politician but the claim that a billionaire with a gold-plated home is in touch with the people is debatable to say the least . 
  macron is definetly an ` elite ' too , the question is whether you view that as a bad thing . 
  i 'd rather have someone that knows how the game works ( preferably with some morals left ) than a carpenter that strolls in and realizes that he ca n't change the world on his own . 
  ours is well and truly pathetic considering our relative wealth . 
  i switched my vote to d66 from vvd partly because of the climate , and since they are likely to join the coalition i hope this will be one of their contributions to the plan that follows from the negotiations . 
  the christian union is big on it too and they 're likely necessary for a majority as well . 
  he 's talking about his methods and personality rather than what lies at the core of his ideology . 
  knowing french greetings you guys probably already do that at family meetings . 
  the only one that could have had reason to object was spain , but iirc a government official recently said they would n't block it as long as the referendum is allowed by westminster . 
  we 're also making bank from shipping all those new polish consumer goods so it 's not that bad for us . 
  and even if it does n't cancel out , we can miss out on what amounts to even less than our pathetic defence spending . 
  oh sorry i should 've recognized your flemish lion there . 
  that 's pretty bad practice yeah . 
  german might be more useful internationally but passing it off as dutch is just stupid . 
  get the belgians in there to prevent bordergore and bring further balance to the circles . 
  says finland . 
  get on our level freeloaders / s, 
  in the netherlands ? 
  i find it hard to believe that anyone thinks that they can live here while only speaking german . 
  insulting is a big word . 
  it 's an understandable mixup and the rest more than makes up for it .
