  people do n't always need reasons to admire leaders . 
  sometimes it 's just blind reverence for authority and selective nostalgia . 
  i think he meant that op tried to frame this as an attack on right-wing economics even though the actual culprits are malthus ' ideas , religious zealotry , and racism against the irish . 
  not yet at least . 
  canada is european in everything except geography though . 
  i 'm honestly disgusted when i see how we cram them in racks and display them in stores as if they were mere chunks of metal . 
  whenever i get the chance i set one free in the canal or the side of the road . 
  sometimes i wonder if they still think of me when they look in the eyes of their little tricycles . 
  th great war series really makes you appreciate how stupid leaders can be . 
  cadorna , pasha , h\u00f6tzendorf , haig and joffre all made such errors of judgement that it really makes you question whether the guys at the top got there by merit . 
  let 's not make this political mate . 
  i hate the guy and his politics but he does n't belong next to leopold ii and hitler . 
  let 's start at the magnificent beard . 
  you basically need one to be a respectable villian . 
  they look like a cute elderly couple at the local church fair . 
  a man can dream . 
  we ca n't sleep because we 're forever second , so we 're even . 
  rushmore always makes me wonder how much better things would be if we were still granite giants . 
  yeah , the ` dutch people are always stoned ' - meme is pretty far removed from reality once you leave the touristy areas of amsterdam . 
  some teenagers will try it , some of them will keep doing it , but overall it 's not a very relevant part of our culture . 
  i suppose the lack of taboo makes it less exciting/tempting to try as well . 
  does n't really matter though does it . 
  trees are by nature countable , so you use fewer . 
  you ca n't have fifteen love unless you 're playing tennis , so you use less . 
  that 's typical dutch tolerance as well . 
  do as you please but do n't expect others to care . 
  we do n't have a lot of activism here but still turned out pretty liberal . 
  high five for institutional indifference . 
  it 's not like they hate russia without reason though , is it . 
  i guess i 'll settle for greater netherlands if you want something more catchy . 
  as macron gets more assertive i 'm sure we 'll see a neo-napoleonic empire in there somewhere as well . 
  governments usually have special reserves for infrastructure tucked away . 
  they may need to borrow in order to keep those filled but they 'd need to borrow even more if all their bridges were roman-style monuments . 
  the steel in the structure can still degrade ( though that can be prevented too , for a cost ) , and building a new cheap one is cheaper than repairing a super expensive one when a truck drives into it . 
  the chances of something like that over a 100-year period are significant enough to be taken into account . 
  the end of the lifecycle also gives a nice opportunity to add new lanes , make it higher , or adapt it to new architectural tastes . 
  cost and flexibility are really the keywords here . 
  this is somewhat misleading . 
  we have self-healing and extremely durable concrete too , we just do n't choose to use it very often because of cost-effectiveness . 
  we design bridges etc. 
  with a lifecycle of 50/100 years in mind , so concrete that will survive for a millenium is kind of redundant . 
  same with people who do n't go to prison voluntarily . 
  you arrest them and drop them off at said collection point , without sterilizing them . 
  something like setting up collection points on the african coast and dropping them off and having them processed there . 
  the only ones getting ferried to europe being the ones that get accepted . 
  what the fuck . 
  i want to end this mess as much as anyone but people yelling ` let the fuckers drown ' and seriously proposing sterilization make it impossible to discuss a workable solution . 
  german spy detected . 
  nah that would make it too blobby . 
  this way it looks like some kind of spaceship . 
  i know right . 
  prussia and silesia give it such a cool shape . 
  a cautionary bullet between the eyes tends to get the message across . 
  ah , of course . 
  that would explain it . 
  thanks !, 
  interesting how coastal arabia seems to be hotter than inland arabia . 
  and what 's up with poland . 
  there 's a weird cold spot over them . 
  does it have something to do with being squeezed between the carpathians and the baltic ? 
  i popped by \u010cesk\u00fd krumlov when i passed through the region and that 's absolutely worth it . 
  that town is stupidly pretty . 
  oh no we would n't want to lose * all of flevoland * . 
  that 's almere , lelystad and ... nevermind . 
  it 's a hard choice . 
  smaller divisions are more representative of the population and have better social cohesion , but larger units are way better at getting things done . 
  an eu of a 120 luxembourgs would never agree on even the simplest things . 
  at this point the only reason we 're keeping it dry is simply because we can . 
  there 's only some cows and reformed zealots left . 
  my polder sense is tingling . 
  i did n't know that wall existed , very interesting . 
  pretty imposing , moreso than the nazi one in my humble opinion . 
  i actually agree , and i 'm normally quite impressed by nazi architecture . 
  it looks quite cramped and is n't that ` awesome ' in the old sense of the word . 
  cash in general , i 've only paid with debit cards for years now . 
  heck , i hardly use my pin anymore due to contactless payment . 
  the only time i have to use an atm is for the local kebab shop which only accepts cash . 
  the fiercest opponent , christian reformed party member ( now leader ) kees van de staaij , had his birthday that day . 
  nice present . 
  the reason the no-voting part of vvd offered was the fear that they would isolate themselves on the international stage on the matter , nowadays it 's almost the other way around . 
  every time i get a 1 $ or 2 $ coin that has a bundesadler on the back , a subtle smirk appears on my face . 
  comforted by the knowledge that a small amount of metal from our looted bicycles has returned home . 
  i 'm sure he 's gotten used to being a global sex symbol . 
  in the netherlands he is n't hated either . 
  not revered , but a kind of morally neutral respect . 
  at least that 's what i gathered from my school education and the rare occasions where he comes up in conversation . 
  however he is kind of responsible for us losing a bunch of colonies ( south africa most notably ) and becoming a kingdom . 
  his footprint on our legal and administrative systems is remarkable though . 
  it 's 2017 guys . 
  how are there still people not speaking fluent dutch . 
  we 've come full circle it seems :p, 
  i just looked it up and it turns out it 's a bit more nuanced . 
  as you said , you have to be married by the state before you can enter into a religious marriage . 
  we usually do them on the same day though . 
  first you go to the town hall with family and close friends , and after the ceremony you drive to the church . 
  but if , as you say , church and state marriage are seperate entities already , would n't that make gay civil marriages ` okay ' ? 
  here in the netherlands we have a ` civil marriage ' and ` religious marriage ' , the latter having no legal consequences . 
  i think that 's similar to what you are proposing . 
  not sure how germany does that though . 
  by that logic the us has never been at war with vietnam and iraq , those were n't declared either .
