  one of the few persons who just conquered stuff because they could . 
  somehow beat darius , no fool either , multiple times in great battles with a combination of superhuman tactical insight and sheer luck . 
  also probably the only european conqueror to ever reach all the way to india before we went there by boat in the 16th century . 
  except instead of squandering money they were probably there to earn it . 
  that 's what i gathered from il principe . 
  do n't hire mercenaries , be both loved and feared , but only the latter if you have to pick . 
  but most of all , do n't hire mercenaries . 
  yeah it keeps people on edge too . 
  easy to get complacent when ` your guy ' is up 5 points . 
  israel , arabs and latin americans . 
  an unlikely coalition . 
  if i 'm not mistaken we 've had an immigration deficit with turkey for a while now . 
  nobody mocks them for having flags on political events or special occassions . 
  having one waving off your truck when getting groceries or saluting it in school is funny though . 
  somewhow anti-immigration parties always seem to devolve into ( or remain ) polarizing echo-chambers where anti-semitism/islamophobia/xenophobia / general backwardness fester . 
  i 'm not saying that to be snarky because i 'd really like there to be a party with a sensible approach to the issue . 
  just have a plan and lose the fearmongering and polarisation . 
  there 's a big market for that , yet noone seems to be able to tap it without attracting the wrong crowd . 
  it 's not like gay people would just shrug and make babies with women because they ca n't marry . 
  europe is mostly exposed to the rural diaspora that we imported as a labour force in the 60 's . 
  as the latest referendum indicates they are pretty conservative and not very well integrated . 
  also erdogan . 
  that 's fair enough , but he only said that greece has always been eastern europe , which is a fair statement considering geography and history . 
  your reaction only makes sense if you somehow equate ` eastern europe ' to ` shithole ' . 
  he was n't making a value judgement . 
  that 's really neat . 
  england and scotland as independent countries and isaac newton somehow seem like a completely different ages to me . 
  that 's not even relevant, 
  a je to < 3, 
  not so sure about that . 
  chinese citizens have very few liberties compared even to russians . 
  china would also be just as imperialist as russia if the us was n't containing them . 
  look at their claims on the south china sea , taiwan , and the endless territorial disputes along the himalayan border . 
  ( not to mention they actually took and ethnically assimilated tibet ), 
  so far it 's been going pretty well indeed . 
  she does have a dignified confidence that one needs when leading such a big transition . 
  numbers like these only help . 
  i 'm just glad that the rabid ends of the spectrum ( spain will invade gibraltar !, 
  brexit will leave britain in ashes !, 
  kick out all muslims ! ), 
  are giving ground to the more reasonable centre . 
  i still have plenty to disagree on with her , but i 'm happy that she is n't the discount thatcher i expected her to be . 
  we 're pretty high compared to our economic peers . 
  the government has been criticized lately for encouraging these temporary employment constructions but i did n't know we stood out that much . 
  is there a significant overlap in snp-voters and anti-independence voters ? 
  if you 'd be able to name three that would strengthen your point . 
  now it just sounds like you read that on facebook . 
  the uk has n't behaved reform-minded as far as i 'm aware anyway , every government since thatcher has used their priviliged status in the eu to block reform . 
  by whom , on what grounds , which reformers and when ? 
  vote for people who do n't want federalism . 
  it 's as easy as that . 
  no need to blow up the project itself . 
  vote directly for the parliament , and indirectly for your own national party who will be represented in the council . 
  we put ` the folks in brussels ' there ourselves . 
  ` ja ' large and centrally placed , ` nein ' small and to the side . 
  i wonder which side was favoured by the authorities . 
  we had about 45 % turnout , not really comparable to turkey 's 85 % but still high . 
  probably got a little boost from that diplomatic spat recently as well . 
  family, 
  was n't turkey , sorry . 
  morocco was the one that did n't have a revocation process . 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  we have everything except a vision for the future , and fringe parties can sell a more radical plan than the centre ones who are basically upholding the society they created . 
  a few percentage points of tax and funding here and there , but nothing ` revolutionary ' . 
  there are no existential threats to our societies right now . 
  islamists can kill individuals but have no structural impact and russia wo n't bite as long as nato breathes . 
  if you want less immigrants that 's fine , debate it in a civilized manner and get your points heard . 
  but the rightmost fringe tells people we should not only do that , but also ban islam , destroy the eu and embrace nationalism . 
  it polarizes civilized debate about the topic , but people love it because it offers a solid ` them against us ' narrative . 
  same with communists and their class struggle . 
  i 'm sure many people join for the ideology but tribalism is a big part of the appeal . 
  nl had about 100.000 voters of which 70 % went ` yes ' . 
  we had a debate about it some time ago . 
  the idea is good , but iirc many nations either do n't allow losing your nationality or make you pay for it . 
  i believe * morocco does n't allow revocation , and the usa has a procedure that can cost thousands of euros . 
  the law basically lost traction after the amount of such countries started piling up . 
  a serb and a turk bonding over mutual struggles . 
  what a time to be alive . 
  it 's really funny that more people knew luxembourg than the netherlands . 
  also ireland seems to be something that americans seem to all agree on , i expected that for france , uk , spain and italy but ireland is relatively small . 
  agreed . 
  the left has won its welfare state and lost its labourers , and is mainly focussing on social issues and climate these days . 
  meanwhile the right is still trying to privatize whatever institutions survived the 80 's . 
  i do n't mind a status quo , but environments like that just breed anti-establishment sentiments since nothing seems to change . 
  we 've got all we want and nothing to fight for or against . 
  i just hope the next ideology to mobilize the masses will be a constructive one . 
  neither can i , google can though . 
  currently it 's almost 39 % . 
  edit : 45 now . 
  do n't say that too loud , before you know it they 'll be anchoring off alexandria again . 
  good on you guys for upholding a secular constitution though . 
  hope you can transition into a conventional democracy . 
  a lot of them seem to be gravitating towards their autocrat of choice , whether islamist or nationalist . 
  it 's a known fact that the labourforce we imported in the 60 's is mostly rural and conservative . 
  it shows both in voting patterns and integration . 
  [ not true ] ( http://www.yenisafak.com/secim-referandum-2017/yurtdisi-hollanda-secim-sonuclari-referandum ), 
  i heard egypt is being ruled by a military caste again these days . 
  additional joke about spinning kebabs . 
  would you have us stage a coup to counter a seemingly democratic decision ? 
  i like the direction but not the numbers .
