  frankly disgusting how kristoffel kolenbus has been appropriated by southern pretenders . 
  i did n't mean to equate him to the ww2 dictators , just to point out that greatness and goodness are different metrics . 
  he can be considered great if you ask me . 
  the term does n't have a moral component as i see it . 
  hitler and stalin were ` great ' men too . 
  per country or greatest european ? 
  for the netherlands i 'd agree on william , but oldenbarnevelt or de ruyter would be cool too . 
  greatest european would be near impossible . 
  if forced to choose i 'd go for napoleon myself . 
  nah , unification would have happened eventually . 
  maybe in a different way with different borders , but it would have happened . 
  not that i disagree with him being first though , he 'd probably be my pick for germany too . 
  luther and goethe honourable mentions . 
  i believe the theory is that plato there is based on leonardo , so it 's sort of correct . 
  i 'm reading about the ottoman collapse right now and kemals comeback after the allied partition is very impressive as well . 
  played all the occupiers off each other , beat the better-equipped greeks completely off anatolia and called lloyd georges bluff so bad his party and career ended then and there . 
  not to mention the political reforms . 
  i can see why they practically revere the guy . 
  the eu is n't the only thing recently enlarged by us getting together . 
  exactly . 
  i 'm not going to bomb arabs if rutte decides that 's a good idea , but defending europe from erdogan or putin is a nobrainer . 
  true , but rome was pretty ` meh ' back then anyway so it 's somewhat realistic in that regard . 
  a roman republic era game would be cool as hell . 
  i only really play those to explore the environments . 
  istanbul and paris were awesome . 
  bow to your culinary superiors , italians . 
  now that our football rivalry is kind of lopsided i can see this as a worthy replacement . 
  would hitler really ally with the country which he has been calling lebensraum from the start ? 
  drang nach osten and all that . 
  i love pliny the elders smackdown of our ancestors :  here a wretched race is found , inhabiting either the more elevated spots of land , or else eminences artificially constructed , and of a height to which they know by experience that the highest tides will never reach . 
  here they pitch their cabins ; and when the waves cover the surrounding country far and wide , like so many mariners on board ship are they : when , again , the tide recedes , their condition is that of so many shipwrecked men , and around their cottages they pursue the fishes as they make their escape with the receding tide . 
  it is not their lot , like the adjoining nations , to keep any flocks for sustenance by their milk , nor even to maintain a warfare with wild beasts , every shrub , even , being banished afar . 
  with the sedge and the rushes of the marsh they make cords , and with these they weave the nets employed in the capture of the fish ; they fashion the mud , too , with their hands , and drying it by the help of the winds more than of the sun , cook their food by its aid , and so warm their entrails , frozen as they are by the northern blasts ; their only drink , too , is rainwater , which they collect in holes dug at the entrance of their abodes : ** and yet these nations , if this very day they were vanquished by the roman people , would exclaim against being reduced to slavery !, 
  be it so , then -- fortune is most kind to many , just when she means to punish them . 
  ** - pliny , historia naturalis book 16.1, 
  everybody knows the emergency number anyway and when you 're used to the colour scheme it 's very recognizable . 
  i can identify one on a full parking lot at a glance . 
  ( though dutch people all having black , dark blue and gray cars helps with that . ), 
  i believe the anglosaxons and their rebellious subjects refer to zoetwater as fresh rather than sweet . 
  using kool-aid as a baseline for sweetness does that to you . 
  the diked-in ijsselmeer lake , formerly known as southern sea , also became freshwater instead of salt water . 
  so if they did n't sell their real estate to some immigrant pike before pissing off they may not have been able to enjoy it . 
  a lot of fish probably died , if that counts . 
  i believe the system has two goals : reforming and/or removing dangerous people from society . 
  he 's probably too far out there for rehabilitation so he 's just there for the safety of everyone else . 
  that and the band from the alps to greece threw me off most . 
  that 's more than estonia !, 
  next stop : latvia . 
  take limburg as wel and we have a deal . 
  jupiler on the other hand is gods distilled sperm served on a velvet blanket . 
  the real question is : what is slovakias slovakia ? 
  every country has a province where little happens and which people often kind of forget . 
  in nl it 's drenthe , in europe it 's slovakia . 
  i also sense a distinct lack of jerommeke . 
  media is the only area where you have the upper hand , capitalize on it !, 
  this is an ngo . 
  definitive proof that romanians are not slavic . 
  a stake should be enjoyed with the blood of the vampire you just vanquished . 
  we fought them in order to be calvinist and not pay money to spain , and here we are . 
  atheist and paying money to spain . 
  you ca n't escape the spanish requisition . 
  ofcourse . 
  people just talk about it so often that it gets boring . 
  if we had a discussion every day about how communism is n't that great people would get sick of it too . 
  might as well have a laugh about it . 
  if the sea beggars knew how positive the effect of spanish rule on 21th century drug fatalities would be they probably never would have revolted . 
  i wonder how much of ours is drug tourism . 
  i was under the impression that the nordic model was focussed on rehabilitation rather than punishment though . 
  does that mentality not extend to drug use ? 
  those years of spanish rule did some good after all . 
  let 's hope the finalised plan proves to be a final solution to the problem at hand . 
  that and bikes . 
  [ good thing they can be combined to achieve peak frisia ] ( https://youtu.be/dap_snoofnk ), 
  you invented gender reassignment surgery for that purpose though , right ? 
  it has been seen targeting the extremities of its victims . 
  conclusive evidence that weed beats alcohol . 
  suck on that finns . 
  try not to die on the way home . 
  poldering , trading spices , and enabling tax evasion are basically national pastimes . 
  ca n't put a price on that . 
  though this is probably just because matthijs van nieuwkerk forgot to declare an hour he spent deciding how to plug more commercials in less time . 
  when 100 % of the population is w\u00f6rking there is always perfect gender balance !, 
  there 's always that one guy you have to keep token teabags in stock for . 
  it was so blitz the world did n't even notice . 
  not blindly , look at this thread for evidence . 
  many people are excited for his willingness to reform the eu , as that appeals to / r/europe subscribers . 
  most people do n't know his proposals for france itself apart from streamlining government spending , so you wo n't find many fanboys on those topics . 
  the po valley and carpathian basin look so artificial to me . 
  like god went : `` hm , i need something to hold my popcorn and dock my smartphone while i watch the europeans fight each other . '', 
  elevation seems to be directly correlated to how celtic your culture is . 
  got ta appreciate their ambition . 
  the new-age nazis have arrived . 
  fire-obsessed death cult  dirty bourbons, 
  it 's safe to say he married a prostitute and is now spending his days walking along the canals singing andre hazes songs . 
  truly a terrible fate , my condolences . 
  most of the netherlands has been fighting amsterdam for a long time too . 
  real tornados have curves . 
  really cool . 
  i love that you did n't just take the flag but incorporated recognizable features like the fleur-de-lis and winged hussars . 
  though using amsterdams flag for the entire country is bound to trigger some filthy provincials like me .
