  kinda miffed that i did n't visit when i was backpacking around there . 
  damn italy and your stupendous amount of interesting places . 
  got ta get that district in istanbul back somehow . 
  does n't turkish have those ? 
  that 's neat . 
  so you do n't specify he or she when talking about someone . 
  you do n't have to convince them , extremes do n't compromise by nature . 
  ( his problem too it seems ) . 
  you just have to convince the electorate . 
  if they are n't buying your message , maybe you should adapt it , get better at convincing , or realise that you ca n't force it upon them so get ready to make compromises . 
  what have you accomplished by ` fighting against the fascist tide ' ? 
  gave a neonazi a black eye ? 
  that does n't stop anything . 
  votes will bring change if you can mobilize people for your platform . 
  that 's less likely to happen if you do n't profile yourself as a serious group that can defend itself with reason and arguments rather than molotov cocktails . 
  i was in the train at 8 . 
  they halted on the track for 2 minutes and reminded us via the speaker system that it was 8 o'clock . 
  up to now i had only experienced it at home but being around strangers and having the transport system shut down around you made it more impactful somehow . 
  you have it the other way around . 
  throwing a tantrum in the streets and spitting on cops does nothing but discredit your movement . 
  government policy influences lives and the future of france . 
  no not that . 
  bush sr. and raegan are also well regarded as far as i know . 
  the european publics view of the us is influenced more by the guy representing it than the ideology or policies behind him . 
  ( excluding war ) . 
  some presidents just have an air of confidence , reason and intelligence around them . 
  that reflects well on the nation as a whole . 
  your average citizen does n't really have time to investigate the politics of a foreign country . 
  very little of it . 
  the point of going to ireland is having to pay little to nothing to their government . 
  being into ` gender fluid bollocks ' and not being a racist is pretty far apart . 
  it 's a bit like smoking . 
  it may have been considered normal in your youth , so i wo n't hold you to the same standard for doing it as someone born 20 years ago . 
  but any reasonably intelligent individual should be able to adapt their views . 
  plagiarising apparently . 
  over here the trend has been the other way around . 
  the pillarisation we had up to the 60 's meant that you did n't even talk to catholics if you were protestant etc. 
  everybody had their own schools , own clubs and own political parties . 
  nowadays folks of every background mingle in soccer clubs , vote the same political parties and shop in the same stores . 
  no wonder you guys avoid interpersonal communication . 
  the line between satire and real views gets ever thinner . 
  sure , but there 's a big overlap . 
  not all communists are pro-repressive dictatorship , not all nationalists are neo-nazi 's . 
  but if a regime/party describes itself as one of the former it usually comes with the latter . 
  you sound completely out of touch mate . 
  you have the right to disagree with them on immigration or whatever , but that 's not their entire program . 
  and despite nobody taking them seriously they 've become the biggest party on the left here and are likely to join the coalition . 
  it 's a hard time for the left . 
  the labour class is n't that clear-cut anymore and apart from some minutiae they 've won their worker protections and welfare state . 
  they 're a lot of idealism without a goal right now . 
  our labour party collapsed in favor of the greens for example , at least they 've got something to fight for and channel their idealism to . 
  the netherlands , belgium and luxembourg are the kids of an unfortunate marriage between france and germany . 
  they had some fights and took it out on poor little belgium , at which point the british neighbour called for an intervention . 
  after a particularly tough fight they promised to never do it again and got back together . 
  it has had some detrimental effects on the kids though . 
  the oldest , netherlands , started selling drugs to his friends and it quickly became all he was known for . 
  he got a bit fat by poldering all the time and now makes a decent living by transporting goods for his dad . 
  little belgium was emotionally hurt by the ordeal and has suffered from a type of multiple personality disorder , where part of her is closer to france but the other half wants to be like her brother . 
  she also has trouble opening up to others , which she prevents by not maintaining her roads . 
  luxembourg kind of retreated into his own world and managed to get rich , though nobody really knows how . 
  as proven by the comments below you . 
  would you be more well-disposed to our lunch culture if we deep-fried them ? 
  he outplayed us all by abolishing all other nobility . 
  there 's nobody to take the relation hit . 
  ivory coast sure was subtle . 
  it shows that this is the only day in the year when the thing is used . 
  most of the time it 's laying folded up in the attic , nicely exampliflied by those creases . 
  which in turn is a bastardization of ` china 's apples ' . 
  ours is allowed to vote but never exercises that right . 
  constitutionally he 's basically irrelevant , iirc he does n't even have to sign laws anymore . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  maybe not for outsiders , but for us he fulfills the same role as the british queen . 
  it gives the state a politically colourless figurehead and a sense of continuity . 
  he goes on diplomatic missions , shakes hands , and every year we use him as an excuse to throw a big party . 
  historically it 's nice , and he does n't cost more than a president so apart from naked idealism there is n't much to criticize . 
  come off it mate, 
  tony blair was a pretty right wing left winger though right ? 
  we are hard to place . 
  i 'm going with casa de campo since camping in mediterranean countries is our national pastime . 
  i 'd like to meet the people who first went macron and switch to le pen and the le pen voters who will abstain . 
  pretty sure that 's noel fielding . 
  kind of hard to get motivated for that when everyone already speaks your own i suppose . 
  bbc translated ` alles gute ' with ` all is good ' . 
  they did something similar with our pm , i like their reporting but translations are n't their strongest suit . 
  this map still assumes the normans to be vikings , which is a bit of a stretch really . 
  still , not bad . 
  this is way too accurate , i love it . 
  is it my biased outsider perspective , or does france not really have a centre ` boring ' left . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is a full blown socialist with some mao on top and hamon is associated with basic income and pretty strong leftism as well . 
  ( again , uninformed foreigner , correct me if i 'm wrong ) . 
  is there something approaching the social democrat movement ? 
  guys who just want some workers rights and a welfare state , without dismantling the free market . 
  it 's mostly an english thing in my experience , brits have always had banter about the french . 
  on the continent france is n't viewed like that as far as i know . 
  at least here people would probably think of napoleon and the trenches of ww1 when asked about french military matters . 
  napoleon also introduced a tax on window panes and doors . 
  basically the more window panes , the more tax you paid . 
  so the middle class got big single pane windows to pay less , while the upper classes bought big windows with many small panes to show off their wealth . 
  currently reading a biography about him . 
  such a unique figure .
