  i 'd recommend moving to the orkneys , judging by your map . 
  that 's too much tree sperm in the air . 
  he popped up on numberphile every now and then . 
  really suprising to see someone like that hold public office . 
  ( not that i 'm complaining ), 
  currently rewatching qi clips on youtube . 
  british television is absolute gold . 
  florryworry manipulates eu4 like no other , it 's beautiful to watch . 
  for a more generic , relaxed approach ddrjake is great , he works at paradox too . 
  why do you think we built those windmills . 
  pumping water and grinding grain is nice , but in warm weather they 're just big fans with an even bigger shadow . 
  what was your main mode of transport ? 
  i 'd guess train , judging by your route , with some airplane for the mediterranean . 
  if so , was that affordable and did it work out well ? 
  i 'm thinking of doing something similar . 
  ( less ambitious though haha ) nice job on visiting the microstates too by the way . 
  spain and portugal just chilling while te rest of us look like giant tumors . 
  the ones that want to implement this in order to be ` tough on crime ' ? 
  just because they ca n't get into government to do so does n't mean they are against it . 
  i 've lived next to one that still mills flour . 
  was pretty cool to climb around in and watch the machinery as a kid . 
  whoops , got my game theory mixed up . 
  very true . 
  it nicely undercuts the tragedy of the commons and made our political culture solution-oriented and geared towards compromise . 
  the catholic bits are dry so if that does n't constitute divine grace i do n't know what does . 
  not sure why maasdriel is up there , no . 
  the others ones are probably just chosen to to be nicely spread out so that people can use them as reference points . 
  ( assuming you 're familiar with the cities in the first place ) . 
  i do n't need a dot to see that rotterdam is fucked and maastricht is fine for example . 
  and to give a post-flood netherlands more coastal cities in exchange for dry land is a bit cruel do n't you think , 
  not as long as the deltaworks and dikes stand . 
  if anything we 're better prepared for it than others . 
  if it 's any consolation ; the north sea is very shallow so tsunami 's ca n't realistically happen . 
  we 're also not on a fault line so apart from some small quakes due to natural gas extraction in the north it 's all safe on that front too . 
  currently the biggest cause of floods is the maas/meuse river in the south , it 's a rain river so very prone to fluctuations . 
  assuming current water level , river dikes also do n't seem to be included . 
  the fight against water has had a significant impact on the way our history developed . 
  in the early middle ages nobles , burghers and farmers convened in ` heemraadschappen ' to agree on anti-flood measures and land reclamation . 
  this guaranteed a certain cohesion and interdependency between the classes and made hierarchies less well-defined . 
  we call this consensus model the ` poldermodel ' , and it 's still used for everything from labour laws to political coalition formations . 
  the heemraadschappen have since consoldated into ` hoogheemraadschappen ' , or waterschappen , for which we hold seperate elections . 
  [ the dikes can also be opened to keep out attackers . 
  ] ( http://www.fortasperen.nl/files/2014/07/oude-en-nieuwe-waterlinie.jpg ) ( we tried to use it against the french , but it froze over so they could walk across . 
  the nazi 's [ just bombed rotterdam ] ( http://wikikids.nl/images/thumb/6/69/rotterdam_na_bombardement_in_1940.jpg/320px-rotterdam_na_bombardement_in_1940.jpg ) so it was n't a big help there either . ), 
  there have been some disasters , as in [ 1953 ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/watersnood_van_1953 ) , but we learn from them and [ adapt ] ( https://www.neeltjejans.nl/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/stormvloedkering-2-900x600.jpg ) . 
  new dikes , dams and polders are being built as we speak , and due to climate change this probably wo n't slow down either . 
  bit of a wall of text but i hope somebody found it interesting . 
  william the silent did n't die for this . 
  infighting is one of the things you can always rely on in populist parties . 
  a minority government is also still possible . 
  they 've done it before with the help of the ` constructive three ' ( sgp , cu . 
  d66 in coalition this time ) they could try to pull it off again . 
  not sure d66 is happy about that outcome though . 
  they do n't want to be the only progressive voice in the room . 
  as a d66-voter i would n't mind it . 
  remove habsburgs reeee, 
  and here i thought we had it bad on the wind front . 
  ( in the west at least ), 
  get your head out of your ass mate . 
  i have no love for islam but this comment chain is just a self-pitying circlejerk . 
  sgp is not nearly as dangerous for us as dup can potentially be for peace in northern ireland . 
  though every possible outcome is a reasonable one . 
  rutte 3 is all but guaranteed , the question is whether the greens will get on board or if he 'll get a minority government . 
  the turk looks so happy , i 'm almost rooting for him . 
  i 've heard that sentence before somewhere . 
  say what you will of fptp , it makes for a fun election to watch . 
  good luck with coalition formation brits , any idea which will be most likely ? 
  tory + libdems ? 
  coalitions do n't often happen in the uk , do they ? 
  we 're currently forming one with 4 parties , i promise it 'll be fun . 
  we 're slowly doing that over here . 
  my apetite for waffles and fries drenched in mayo has steadily increased , while the roads around me have deteriorated as fast as the harshness of my ` g ' - sound . 
  if they used it for roads etc. 
  we did get it back in the form of our awesome infrastructure though , right ? 
  it 's not like it disappeared into a black hole . 
  i actually laughed at turkeys rating . 
  why even include them at this point . 
  same . 
  in my mind it was all farmers , with some students in the city and some communists in the east . 
  til . 
  looks like an infection , slowly spreading outwards from the low countries . 
  just wait until he adds bicyle paths to the map . 
  i 'm dont think most people support corbyn , but massive hyperbole like that is just not to be taken seriously . 
  the labour manifesto is miles removed from the communist one . 
  ( not even socialist for that matter ) i like moderate liberalism and used to like may a year ago too , but she 's shown herself a big fan of empty rhetoric and scary surveillance laws . 
  i like merkel and macron because they have an air of measured professionalism about them , may has come across as a bit paranoid and smug the last few months . 
  i do n't know what i would vote if i were british honestly , i should do more research for that , but acting like voting labour makes someone a marxist extremist or harbour a hatred of queen and country is just plain stupid . 
  said the island german . 
  that 's awesome , so nice that countries can work together like that . 
  as we say here : a good neighbour is better than a far-away friend . 
  what did you mean by diplomatic tool ? 
  you guys have a secret switch in case erdogan gets uppity ? 
  i ca n't imagine living on top of a faultline , though at least it resulted in some amazing landscapes . 
  i just looked them up , they do fit perfectly !, 
  very interesting to see . 
  for some reason i only remembered the taurus range . 
  very interesting , it 's always great to learn the story behind a seemingly insignificant feature of a city . 
  i was also wondering whether there 's a reason why the grid is perpendicular to the coast . 
  the major artery runs through the grid at an angle , would n't it have made more sense to fit the road to the grid or the other way around ? 
  i was noticing that too .
