  fair enough , i grew up in a religious family so i can see where you 're coming from . 
  am i correct in assuming that you 'd be okay with a civil partnership that has the same legal standing as marriage , except for the name ? 
  having two identical institutions for the same state of being seems more confusing to me , personally . 
  or do you draw a line at things like adoption ? 
  then the distinction would make more sense . 
  as if transnistria was n't controversial enough . 
  now even the lithuanians are claiming it . 
  the minister of defence back then was n't labour , but vvd . 
  thingamajic sounds more like a serb/croat invention . 
  that would depend on your justification i guess . 
  do you object on religious grounds ? 
  not far-reaching enough ? 
  do you find the timing too opportunistic ? 
  did a gay guy steal your bike once ? 
  admittedly in state of rebellion since 1830 . 
  we should get around to that sometime . 
  i would n't pick him for his morals either . 
  not to mention the direct line between his unification process and the world wars that end up destroying europe . 
  he did advocate not annexing alsace-lorraine though , i wonder if that would 've made later conflict less unavoidable . 
  the same could be said of stalin . 
  he did n't walk around gulags strangling people . 
  bismarck would be my choice too . 
  he created modern germany and was the most brilliant politician of his age . 
  for pre-unification i 'd throw in martin luther as well . 
  there 's a comment thread commending erdogan for being a ` good kind of turk ' . 
  it 's pretty well known in general . 
  it 's like the storming of the bastille . 
  pretty irrelevant in a practical sense but symbolically pretty cool so it sticks around . 
  if you take one or two side alleys you wo n't see anyone . 
  i was there in peak tourist season and most people follow certain routes from and to the hotspots . 
  i was joking if you did n't notice . 
  but that 's not a pretty page of history , no . 
  our and your ancestors invented the magnetic compass before the moral one sadly . 
  do n't they teach that in schools ? 
  the second amendment was intended to give you the right to bear native american arms for later consumption . 
  the indian reserves are called such because they are food reserves . 
  i can feel a greek cringe from here . 
  very true . 
  i know some gym rats with a balanced diet and they 're quite toned , but they 've got nothing on the farm boys who eat 6 eggs and two hot meals a day . 
  exactly . 
  when arab nationalism failed islam stepped in . 
  people want a framework to base their identity on , and religion can easily fill that spot if other ideologies fail . 
  turkey is a stable country though , as opposed to your examples . 
  i wonder what created the demand for this kind of leadership . 
  if he ca n't convince his people they need his program he wo n't stay in power for long , and i do n't see the benefit in what he 's offering . 
  do the people feel that the secular establishment failed them somehow ? 
  or is erdogan just a lot better at manipulating the public consciousness than i give him credit for . 
  he only got big in order to wear socks in slippers without people daring to call him out on it . 
   uk parliament employee clicked link in dubious e-mail . 
  not that it will stop people from trying to fix human ignorance/error with surveillance measures . 
  i immediatly thought of that too . 
  great book . 
  civil unions and marriage seem to be relatively close together for us . 
  around 2000 we had our first coalition without the christian democrats for 80 years , so i get that it happened then , but why not immediatly legalize marriage if you 're going to do it a few years later anyway . 
  sounds like a fun scottish clan to be born in . 
  i kind of like descriptive names like that . 
  our language is riddled with them too . 
  if you think about it roundabout sounds just as dumb . 
  depends on the context . 
  if a texan thinks its cold in norway , and i 'd say : ` americans ca n't handle cold !, 
  ' , i 'd probably get laughed at by some minnesotans . 
  they 're still both americans , but that is n't very relevant to the situation . 
  it 's mostly a / r/europe and / r/thenetherlands thing . 
  those damn discount swedes always push us to second place . 
  the only reason finland is an innovation leader is because you keep coming up with ways to beat us in statistics . 
  a true patriot does n't need water handouts from the government but washes his car with the sweat of his own brow . 
  groot-nederland will do thank you very much, 
  is there ever too much orange though . 
  [ ( i recommend you stay away from us around the 27th of april btw ) ] ( http://sm.askmen.com/askmen_nl/photo/default/kdag-01_n44r.png ), 
  at least he is semi-responsible for paris having sleek as hell avenues . 
  also italy being mostly free of dirty habsburgs . 
  ( sorry south tyrol ), 
  i expected better from someone from the republic of genoa . 
  maybe the difference between refugees and migrants explains that . 
  refugees are migrants but not all migrants are refugees . 
  kind of hard since you guys tore it down . 
  i was in paris with my dad recently and he was somehow under the impression it was still there . 
  could n't believe we missed it last time . 
  the look on his face when we walked onto the place de bastille was so worth it . 
  we are so damn snobby about roads though . 
  every thread about them there 's some dutch guy bemoaning the lack of water-absorbing , noise-damping , self-healing asphalt and the insufficient width , length or number of roundabouts . 
  the french have their wine , the italians their food and the germans their cars , so i guess we do need * something * to gloat about . 
  might as well be something glamourless as infrastructure . 
  that 's just genius . 
  we should have a coat of arms [ like this ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/d8/97/14/d897147c1d718ab6b0768419cd06f5d8.png ) but with the eu countries . 
  not even pretending that you did n't steal ours . 
  perfidious croats claiming our flag , with a checkerboard to evade copyright . 
  i love those damn eagles . 
  but if you did it like the austrians and left off the eagle most of the time it would be ugly . 
  just a white field with the wrong aspect ratio . 
  the difference here is that weaponry can be split up in a more logical way . 
  tank made completely in germany , planes in france , ships in italy , etc. 
  ( very loose example ) . 
  ours is definetly overstated . 
  everybody speaks dutch and english , and we do get french and german in school . 
  however most people who do n't use it forget it all the moment they leave the school building . 
  i was pretty decent at german ( b2/c1 ) but that 's seriously deteriorated over time . 
  i can still read most texts but i 'll sound like a drunk swiss person if i try to speak it . 
  ( though that 's how we sound regardless ), 
  it being one of the coolest european flags helps too i bet .
