  a lot of the modern borders are results of the shape of the colonies though right ? 
  especially africa and to a lesser extent the americas . 
  if i had to give the least crap answer to that question i 'd say the carolingian empire . 
  it was the first continental european empire , encompassing a lot of it and influencing most of it . 
  i see the romans as a mediterranean empire . 
  tunis , egypt and syria were as roman as gaul , britain and spain . 
  around charlemagne you get the whole catholic europe vs muslim afro-asia ordeal . 
  that and king menelik was quite a skilled diplomat . 
  ethiopia under him not only remained independent but also doubled in size . 
  he managed that by playing the brits and french off each other . 
  holding a equally advanced colony with more inhabitants than yourself would be quite hard though . 
  that 's russian green men tactics taken to a whole new level . 
  i can only guess at your own party of choice . 
  misspelling intelligent is also somewhat ironic . 
  it 's our national tragedy , they stole what we held most dear . 
  use steel from dutch bikes to make cars and dishwashers, 
  you could finance them with the royalties from dutch jokes . 
  i like the market a lot , but the conclusion is a bit weird . 
  as he said , the labourers in the manufacturing process don `` t know and might hate each other . 
  how does their indirect cooperation then promote world peace and unity ? 
  that 's true , fair enough . 
  hold your horses of saint mark . 
  we might just restore constantinople to proper catholic rule on the way there . 
  interesting . 
  does the uk get a pass because they were eventually instrumental in toppling the nazi 's ? 
  you 'd think they were at least as much to blame for what happened . 
  why are the french traitors ? 
  because of the little entente ? 
  in previous elections wilders has been overrepresented in the polls , i kind of assumed that will happen again . 
  if it wo n't it could get interesting . 
  vvd has said they wo n't join a pvv coalition , and they are the only sizeable party remotely close to them in ideology . 
  i guess they could backtrack but they 'll lose a lot of votes and trust , including mine . 
  do remember that winning dutch elections does n't mean you 'll rule . 
  a coalition needs to be made and geert does n't have many friends . 
  ( and he was supposed to win in previous elections as well . 
  turns out the vvd voter base tends to show up more . ), 
  i personally think that the vvd will form a coalition with cda and d66 or some variation on that . 
  ( i would n't mind a continuation of the current one , but pvda is getting shredded . ), 
  include the pragmatic sanction for a smooth transition of power for kaiserin angela i. 
  the electors would now be elected too , which would create an americanesque electoral college . 
  can we just stop using buzzwords and especially mirroring them on people who coin them . 
  conservatives also get ` triggered ' , liberals also spread ` fake news ' , both are in ` echo chambers ' and make things ` fit their narrative ' . 
  they 're becoming empty phrases that signal your political allegiance instead of pointing out something worthwhile . 
  that is one fat kebab . 
  ( the one on the skewer ofcourse ), 
  come on man . 
  the whole point of coalition politics is to compromise with other to get a working majority . 
  that 's not ` giving everything up for power ' . 
  it 's what makes our government so effective . 
  hence the reason those were taken first . 
  hard to defend when the fortified mountains are given as appeasement . 
  wealth plays a big part in this i think . 
  for most people i interact with a stolen smartphone is n't a significant increase in their quality of life , so i do n't expect them to run off when i ask them to hold it for me . 
  trust as in ` tell the truth ' is a lot harder to measure and really depends on the situation . 
  ( above too ofcourse , but less ), 
  at least we know they are n't champagne socialists since glass containers and dui drinks are not allowed . 
  it 's done jokingly here as well and nobody is going to arrest kids , but if you do it in a way that is even close to being serious in a public environment you 're bound to get reactions . 
  9/11 jokes have their time and place but you should n't make them at a memorial . 
  somewhat suprised by turkey and greece 's poor showing . 
  they are loaded with culturally significant sites . 
  or a fat purse . 
  i always mix her up with the illustrious queen of tuvalu . 
  grand duchy of lithuania returns in the form of regional poverty . 
  sri hollanda . 
  colonizing the other way around , i like it . 
  i think france is supposed to emulate the saudi structure as well . 
  motto atop a sword/baguette . 
  many a turk out there looking to activate his almonds . 
  is n't there a dominos or something ? 
  they 're not amazing but at least the chicken is n't some artifical cubes . 
  first you 'd need a european identity to be proud of . 
  i 'll alwas be dutch first and european second , and i think it 's better that way . 
  there 's simply too little common ground between me and a bulgarian or a portuguese guy to make us share the same identity . 
  we do n't have the luxury of an entire continent to shape and settle to our will , nor one dominant culture to rally around . 
  instead i love europe for the peoples and borders that have been shaped over thousands of years of history , conflict , strife and progress . 
  you ca n't override that with an artificial idea of what a european should be . 
  i do feel common cause with poles and italians though , but it stems from the idea that we share our rich histories , and simple necessity . 
  the age of europe has come and gone and we need each other to stay relevant . 
  when somebody asks me whether i 'm european i 'll answer that without shame or doubt though , i believe the progress we collectively brought to the world far outweighs the bad . 
   specially not when said strangers spent a decent amount of time trying to exploit or kill my ancestors for greed or pride or whatever . 
  it 's good to remember that those were the * ancestors * of those strangers too . 
  i would never hold a spaniard or german responsible for past deeds against my ancestors . 
  poland should consider hiring tiananmen square guy as a border guard . 
  yeah i love consistent building styles like that . 
  paris ' limestone and blue roofs are my favourite example . 
  it would be beautifully ironic if the brits used poles for brexit , which was fuelled by fear of polish workers . 
  the phonetic one is a bit off for dutch . 
  it should be more like : ik-how-van-jahw / jau . 
  ik hou von joe sounds like a farmer from the veluwe . 
  nude painting is unthinkable for proper calvinists like us so instead we went for naked plagiarism . 
  we noticed , peter the great , we noticed . 
  he made a ` yo mama so fat ' joke about himself . 
  what a tosser . 
  it 's customary to be prince as royal husband , he 's not being snubbed or anything . 
  t_d is notorious for that as well . 
  reddit and the internet in general facilitate bubbles too well sometimes . 
  if the eu banned fries the benelux would probably have left were it not for the fact that we ca n't decide whether to call them friet or patat in the official statement . 
  italy 's fat leg is cracking me up . 
  dem low countries though . 
  forget poldering , gdp bloat is way more effective .
