  it 's the most diplomatic way of resolving it without giving in i think . 
  ( picking her up at the border would have been better , but it would be hard to find her since she was already on her way ), 
  i 'm curious as to what tayyips sanctions will be . 
  economically it 's the biggest trade block on earth vs an economy that does n't even exceed our own . 
  i guess they could shoot their own foot some more and go after dutch tourism ? 
  it 's probably all symbolic for the referendum though . 
  we nazi-remnants almost succeeded with our g\u00fclenist plot to vassalize turkey . 
  she does n't have diplomatic status and the priviliges that that entails . 
  according to the law she 's just another turkish citizen , with an admittedly fancy job . 
  c'mon turkey is a beautiful country with a rich history and culture , and a lot of great people . 
  the government just needs to calm the fuck down . 
  i went to yad vashem some time ago . 
  as you probably know there is a forest where every tree has the name of someone that saved a jew during ww2 . 
  20 % of those trees bear a dutch name . 
  never judge a nation by their lowest scum . 
  * extreme parties . 
  the centre-right ( and left ) are , at least here , rational as ever . 
  what divides people is screaming racist all the time or blaming everything on muslims/immigrants/eu . 
  come by and watch for yourself sometime . 
  the world is more nuanced than you 'd think . 
  we have a lot of skeptical parties when it comes to immigration , they just use methods that actually work and communicate in a way that allows debate . 
  you know the postwar world order is over when russia and the usa are both supporting far-right candidates in europe . 
  i wonder what he does with the money though . 
  we do n't really do big rallies here and i have n't seen many pvv-posters about . 
  he does n't even appear on interviews/debates anymore . 
  i wonder too . 
  vvd , gl , d66 and cda is possible according to polls , but gl and vvd will have to make some big tradeoffs to get on the same page . 
  if they could make it work i would n't mind that at all . 
  it 's a big risk for gl though , after the battering pvda took for cooperating with vvd . 
  our tank batallions are already integrated with german ones . 
  vvd and d66 say they want specialized units , and aircraft to bring them to combat areas and support with airstrikes . 
  cda has a kind of conscription policy which includes the army and social work , but also a big budget increase . 
  a lot of it will be integrated with the benelux and germany , and the distance to the front is n't larger than crossing two us states . 
  cda are rebranding themselves as a law and order style party so they will probably give it priority in the negotiations . 
  ( i 'd wager they will sacrifice their conscription policy for a plain budget increase ) d66 also wants to increase spending , but they focus more on eu cooperation and cyber warfare . 
  i 'm assuming a coalition with cda , d66 and vvd as its core here , it could ofcourse turn out differently . 
  an ( unlikely ) left-wing coalition will either cut spending or leave it be , and nobody will cooperate with the pvv . 
  ( unless vvd wants to commit political suicide and some christian parties go along ), 
  almost every party that 's likely to form the government next month has pledged a budget increase , so i hope we 'll be pulling our nato weight soon . 
  could you expand on that ? 
  i only know the basic ideology of the candidates . 
  i get the impression that hollande is disliked because he is/seems weak and unsure . 
  does macron give off the same vibe ? 
  how neat would it be if we could resurrect it as a lingua franca . 
  way too much effort for something that english already does , but a man can dream . 
  can people just stop bringing up ` feminazis ' . 
  they have no social impact and are mostly non-existent in europe anyway . 
  if anything feminists would n't like this data since it shows that a lot of women quit their jobs to raise their kids . 
  most of these are already in common use , and the others include - man in the same context as mankind and human . 
  is that inherently masculine ? 
  if someone knows the etymology behind it that would be interesting . 
  it 's squabbling over nothing ofcourse , though i expect the internet to lose its shit . 
  they probably wo n't , but they provide support on a lot of issues . 
  it 's mostly historical . 
  i 've lived in a town of 70.000 that refers to itself as ` dorp ' ( town/village ) , while hardewijk with 25.000 pop is a city . 
  it depends on whether you got city rights in the middle ages . 
  though newer cities do n't really adhere to this anymore . 
  nice was still nizza when he was born though right ? 
  or am i wooshing now . 
  nicolaas teelstra is on our coins for inventing the deep fryer . 
  it 's at the foundation of our culinary prowess . 
  that 's a nice colour for belgium . 
  operation ` little orange men ' is proceeding according to plan . 
  majority for annexation referendum imminent . 
  our tax laws do n't really benefit us either . 
  people come to pay little to no tax , so what benefit should we get from it ? 
  they were n't put in place to attract foreign postboxes , but to prevent dutch multinationals ( philips , shell , unilever etc. ), 
  from paying taxes twice . 
  basically incentivize them to invest abroad . 
  problem is that any company can put a dutch guy as director of a holding and act as a dutch corporation . 
  when they do n't actually employ people and turn taxable profits here we do n't get anything from it . 
  but unless i 'm mistaken a lot of these loopholes are being closed . 
  * `` what matters is that it seems to prove a point '' since it 's about perception , it probably only says something about the political affiliation of those asked , if anything . 
  right wing people see the news as biased to the left , leftist people see the news as being too far right . 
  yeah we 've still got l\u00e8se-majest\u00e9 as a law for example . 
  they 're never applied , but you can still drag people to court over it . 
  i would be really suprised if said dane was actually convicted . 
  in my school he was presented as something like that . 
  not as directly as william of orange ofcourse , but culturally he 's basically the starting point . 
  damn , what makes estonia so much better than the other baltic states ? 
  sweden and the uk are lower than i expected though . 
  you landlocked the netherlands . 
  that 's cruel and merciful at the same time . 
  is a majority of the dutch against it ? 
  i figured a sizeable majority would n't object to the flemish joining . 
  we 're virtually the same people . 
  what about fillon/jupp \u00e9 , merkel , rutte and may ? 
  they are all examples of regular right . 
  the stupid thing about recent elections is that people think you have to pick . 
  where 's the nuance gone ? 
  / r/awwschwitz is actually a thing, 
  we 're pretty densely populated so we ca n't pop it somewhere where nobody can see it . 
  it will always be in someones back yard and people are still a bit itchy because of chernobyl and fukushima . 
  i do not think people are fundamentally opposed to it . 
  it 's just a political hot potato which will cause more harm than good . 
  i 'd love a modern reactor somewhere though . 
  it 's a very good semi-climatefriendly energy source , since other ones are hard to implement here . 
  not the low effort willemposting that would reap / r/all levels of karma though . 
  i 'm with you up until the last bit . 
  taxing vehicles until their cost is crippling will really screw over people in rural areas or those with jobs that require a car .
