  [ i think you mean this speech by nasser ] ( https://youtu.be/tx4rk8bj2w0 ) . 
  imagine if pan-arabism was n't replaced by islamism . 
  i hope he does n't . 
  wilders thrives on attention . 
  his poll numbers are positively correlated to whether he 's embroiled in a scandal or not . 
  it allows him to portray himself as an outsider and a victim . 
  the refugee numbers are dropping rapidly and rutte and the christosphere are against mass immigration too . 
  why not vote for a party that will actually accomplish their goals ? 
  banning and antagonizing will make the integration problem worse , and wilders will try to break the eu and our economy while doing so . 
  he wants to leave the biggest trade block in the world , to which we are the gate when it comes to naval trade . 
  how do you want to finance our welfare state if we go back to guldens and isolation ? 
  not to mention the anti-innovation and climate denial bullshit . 
  please do consider a sensible anti-immigration party . 
  a cda/vvd/d66 cabinet would be much more effective in that regard . 
  can you not though ? 
  erdogan = bad is basically consensus here and other subreddits . 
  playing the victim will only make you look wimpy . 
  people are , but it 's not as interesting . 
  our government has put some sensible limitations on immigration , less sensibly defunded integration services , and discusses it often . 
  still , because they only target the radicals and opportunists they 're ` dancing around the problem ' according to wilders , which probably translates to the fact that they do n't target muslims in general . 
  you either hand all the muslims an eviction notice or you 're a soft leftist . 
  does liberal mean left anywhere except the us ? 
  liberals here are centre-right . 
  the word itself implies laissez-faire , which is a ` right wing ' thing . 
  the opinion of ` the eu ' is that of its members . 
  verhofstadt may want federalism , but plenty of other mep 's really do n't . 
  it 's also impossible if the member states governments block it . 
  we in the nl may have a socialist party , that does n't mean we 're heading for state socialism . 
  it 's just a healthy marketplace of ideals . 
  quite a long run-up you guys have . 
  not us-level long , but we have elections in march and the campaigns are just starting up . 
  i know there are . 
  i 'd just rather fix them than bail . 
  first : the eu is actively closing the migrant routes and making deals to make the north african states accept their nationals back . 
  the libyan sea route being the most recent . 
  secondly the eu is a democratic institution . 
  you can vote for a responsible anti-immigration party in the parliament , and do the same for your home nation ( so they can defend that view in the council ) . 
  this has already happened . 
  rutte , prime minister of the netherlands , has put this on top of the priority list for example . 
  many other countries are saying the same , so solutions are being made and implemented . 
  the problem is that there is zero news coverage of any of this . 
  only the ` eu is antidemocratic ' - meme and merkel 's open door policy . 
  you do n't have to . 
  you can vote against immigration if you want to . 
  i just really dislike the movement that combines that with blowing up the eu . 
  do they want us to be a bunch of virtuous white christian puppets firmly locked in america 's embrace so they have something to point their moralistic fingers to ? 
  i thought he was praising self-determination . 
  can we please self-determine to show this guy another finger ? 
  that why i said extraterritorial bases . 
  make deals with libya , algeria and tunisia to drop people off from where they came , and have them apply for asylum from there . 
  i 've lived there and they generally vote for the christian parties . 
  ( sgp , christenunie and cda in descensing order of religiosity ) the pvda , workers party , has completely collapsed and a part of their former base has changed to pvv as they felt that newcomers got preferential treatment in matters like government housing . 
  vvd has lost some voters to pvv too but they have a solid base of entrepeneurs who would n't vote on an economically left-ish wilders . 
  they are now trying to win back those who did . 
  fair point . 
  though the situation is somewhat different since we have more than two parties and trump courted a lot of blue collar workers with the ` jobs back to america ' rhetoric . 
  we do n't really have that endangered industrial jobs problem . 
  wilders ' appeal is completely due to immigration , the rest is mostly filler . 
  also because we have both popular vote and shorter campaign seasons the parties do n't really ` focus ' their campaigns on swing states with rallys like in the states . 
  so a dutch version of accidentally alienating the midwest is n't likely to happen . 
  sadly true . 
  our governing party is trying to portray itself as a milder version of wilders to pilfer votes and i hate it . 
  there really needs to be a stronger pro-eu presence on radio/tv for people to realize that it 's inadvisable to the extreme to follow wilders ' delusions . 
  i 'm doing my best in my direct environment but the current wave of national isolationism is really detrimental to the popularity of sensible eu projects . 
  we really have to set up a strong coast guard in the mediterranean with extraterritorial collection points . 
  which member states are still against this ? 
  deals are nice but as we are seeing now they can be used as blackmail too . 
  mare nostrum guys , we need it . 
  the ` alt-right ' really needs to realize that these guys are the enemy , not allies . 
  what do le pen/petry/wilders voters want ? 
  stronger borders ? 
  the eu is a perfect vessel for enforcing our collective border . 
  work from the inside to make it so . 
  do n't blow it up and make us become puppets for the us/china and their megacorporations . 
  the refugee crisis is another thing the eu could solve very well by closing deals with north african states . 
  our collective weight is enough to get them to accept back refugees and perhaps set up eu funded refugee camps . 
  you do n't have an ally in trump or putin . 
  just a potential exploiter that poses as one . 
  china is too far away and has no reason for conflict with europe . 
  if anything they need a consumer market with america closing up so i think ties will be improving . 
  russia and turkey both have reasons , means and proximity to threaten european states . 
  still , i do n't think open war will happen in the near future . 
  ` green mean tactics ' at worst . 
  bouncing trebuchet stones and cannonballs back at the enemy ? 
  portable for bulgar horse armies ? 
  archers can jump , shoot enemy from midair and fall back to safety ? 
  the future of medieval warfare is in front of you gentlemen . 
  exactly . 
  for the last decades ` fighting for your country ' has meant bombing arabs . 
  as soon as a defensive struggle against a known and hated enemy takes off in the public consciousness this number will undubitably rise . 
  i absolutely love it . 
  is the dock on the back ? 
  if i could live in this i would . 
  interesting , thanks for the insight !, 
  true , it 's uncanny how close most of the major european powers came to a communist takeover . 
  but i was under the impression that the government thought they could ` control ' mussolini somewhat . 
  though in the end he basically operated without regard for their wishes right ? 
  everybody wanted a bite out of the other and thought they would be home by christmas . 
  that turned out differently , and the common people got shafted . 
  did n't the italian elite also believe that a war would ` forge italians ' and bring them back to their medieval military might ?
