  the only thing it ended up forging was a movement of resentful ex-soldiers that would topple that same elite . 
  i should brush up my italian history , it 's such an interesting country !, 
  yeah i 'd never call italy 's role in ww1 a backstabbing one . 
  somewhat opportunistic at worst . 
  you also get too much slack for the lack of progress on the isonzo . 
  while luigi cadorna 's antiquated ideas did n't help , fighing up againt a wall of mountains and rivers in trench warfare is basically impossible . 
  i 'm not american so i only hear them in passing . 
  in his last adress he named it as one of the problems the world faces right ? 
  i 've heard obama talk about radical islam quite a bit . 
  bombed a lot of them too . 
  you 'd prefer him to just talk about ` muslims ' in general ? 
  it sure saves syllables and some nuance . 
  get support from within her country ? 
  other parties have solutions too . 
  they just do n't put their hatreds above the good of their nation . 
  if these populists gain power they 'll try to break up the eu and leave everyone without any international clout or bargaining power . 
  try forcing the north african states to take back their migrants then . 
  the ` normal ' right is often the one with actual solutions whereas these alt-righters just talk tough and think little . 
  mostly because the latter is n't likely getting its needs and has a good chance of growing up miserable and impoverished . 
  i like how you can see the carpathians and alps . 
  even the appeninnes are somewhat discernable . 
  why not work to reform the eu then ? 
  and i 'm sure other parties are against islamic immigration too , that 's not an exclusive for nationalists . 
  i just ca n't see how a fractured europe can protect it 's interests . 
  you call the eu a corporate shill , but how will we be able to compete with chinese state subsidized companies and american megacorporations if we do n't have the bargaining power of the whole continent ? 
  recent eu ruling on apples taxes is a nice example of this . 
  no national government has the clout to stand up to them . 
  cultural homogenisation is another thing i really do n't see happening . 
  the eu is not a cultural union nor a nation state . 
  if anything we 're witnessing americanisation , which wo n't be slowed down by the eu breaking up . 
  ( if anything , helped along ) yeah leftists can be annoying by shouting racist all the time , yeah the eu mishandled the early stages of the migrant crisis . 
  let 's talk with the former and fix the latter . 
  no need to throw away our united front and substitute it with petty exceptionalism . 
  we 're no longer technologically ahead colonial empires , either we continue our decline into obscurity or we protect our interests by becoming a union of culturally disparate nations with a common agenda . 
  not really a paragon of political stability though , unless i 'm mistaken . 
  there 's a massive difference between telling them they 're running their country wrong and offering assistance after a disaster which we happen to have specialist knowledge in . 
  sending food to ethiopia is n't the same as saying ` just make more food ' . 
  people on reddit yes . 
  actual leaders and representatives not so much . 
  i at least ca n't think of a single instance . 
  it could also be a way of stealing back the symbols . 
  though some things like the swastika and the roman salute will always be tainted we could recover some historically significant symbols by adopting them in a clearly non-fascist way . 
  eagles , fasces and the roman legacy in general fall in that category i think . 
  ( germany 's fat hen comes to mind ), 
  are fillon or le pen better in that regard ? 
  that 's a very reasonable position to take . 
  i understand americans that elected him , and i hope he does well . 
  but as you said , he should n't meddle in other nations affairs if he claims to be isolationist . 
  putin is enough already . 
  you do n't have to apologize for a crap president . 
  was n't a great selection of candidates to pick from . 
  ( get popular vote ! ), 
  despite banter people love americans . 
  we 've been allies for half a century and hopefully will remain so for a long time . 
  how thoughtful . 
  since you guys have got another charles in line for the throne , we could bring over another william ? 
  we 'll call it a glorious revolution to preserve some dignity . 
  ( dykes ( both kinds ) included in package deal ), 
  very true . 
  we 're by no means defenseless . 
  i just wonder how those raw numbers will translate into combat effectiveness . 
  are there clear communication lines between armies ? 
  will there be a central command in case of war ? 
  how will it be formed ? 
  how will all the different nations form a single front ? 
  i 'd love to see a monolingual ( english preferably ) defensive european army . 
  nations can keep their intervention forces ( we for carribean , france for africa etc. 
  ) , but at least there is a single army with a command structure and concerted plans in place in case of a contingency . 
  we do n't necessarily need unification , just cooperation in the places where it 's needed . 
  foreign policy , trade and military being the most urgent fields i believe . 
  it could go either way . 
  if they are too heavy-handed it might spark an opposite reaction . 
  a degree of european nationalism could be really healthy i feel . 
  a part of the current ` new right ' want a stronger foreign policy/military too . 
  we just have to show them that an eu reformed by rational parties is a better vehicle for that than wilders ' or le pen 's antiquated ideas applied to a small state . 
  we 're entering a decisive time . 
  continue declining into sattelite status and cling to petty nationalism or cooperate and carve out our place on the world stage . 
  should someone tell him that they have n't left yet ? 
  * looks at belgium and luxembourg * * rubs hands together eagerly * * looks at germany * * rubs back of head nervously *, 
  i hope we 'll stop taking the eu ( and nato ) for granted soon and channel the inevitable populist/foreign attacks on it into constructive reform . 
  the world seems to be moving away from the postwar order of the us policing everything . 
  china is stronger than ever and russia is getting more belligerent by the day . 
  unless we solidify and create our own sphere we 'll end up economically colonized by chinese firms , salami 'd by russians and militarily dependent on the us . 
  trade with china is great if we 're equal partners , as is our alliance with america . 
  but if we devolve into little squabbling states with colonial-age ego 's i do n't see our prosperity lasting long . 
  better pr definetly . 
  a bigger internet and tv presence is sorely needed . 
  people need to be made aware of what the eu is and is n't doing . 
  even things as simple as tv commercials highlighting some recent big project would go a long way . 
  a bbc-ish news app would be great too . 
  further integration will really hurt the project as long as people do n't know what they 're signing up for . 
  greece has a massive brain drain too sadly . 
  they ca n't catch a break it seems . 
  are you implying greece is hell ? 
  if so i might as well sin some more . 
  why is the ukraine black ? 
  and in turkey and russia i 'd think it would depend on the region . 
  istanbul and st. petersburg would probably feel more european than vladivostok and erzurum . 
  i only see the indonesian flag so far . 
  is that freudian ?
