  what was the idea behind the spanish and german one ? 
  moms everywhere will tell you that ` you 're not made of sugar ' , which roughly translates to ` do n't be such a bitch ' . 
  also ponchos and occasionally one of those wind-resistant umbrellas . 
  you guys have a pretty good track record with guerilla warfare . 
  maybe it was 40 % at independence ? 
  true . 
  i personally would n't really want to go there for anything apart from the burj khalifa , but it would be safe . 
  i misunderstood then . 
  surgeons will understandably be more respected for their profession . 
  that 's in no way exclusive to the uk . 
  for the same reason i used constantinople instead of istanbul . 
  that name was more relevant to the context . 
  i 'm not relgious either . 
  it does differ around the world , though i agree that it 's always present in some capacity . 
  over here the rich here do n't tend to flaunt their wealth or ` act wealthy ' . 
  a recent statistic showed that 16 % do n't even tell their closest relatives that they 're rich . 
  there 's little awareness of class and authority and the kids of a surgeon do go on playdates with the kids of the binman . 
  we have a very strong calvinist influence in our culture that encourages keeping personal things behind the front door and to ` act normal ' . 
  it has its pros and cons . 
  in the uk the concept of class is a lot more prevalent from what i 've heard . 
  one of us . 
  one of us . 
  really though . 
  our embassy has one of those travel advice maps and most of the mena region is in a more dangerous category than north korea . 
  israel , iran and morocco and the only countries there i would even consider . 
  jesus that retreat must have been brutal . 
  would n't blame them for thinking allah was angry at them for failing that siege after that . 
  it 's incredible how long constantinople stemmed the islamic tide though . 
  for more than 7 seven centuries after this siege it was the only thing protecting europes south-eastern flank . 
  looks like that clingy couple in high school who want everyone to know that they 're together . 
  new-lothringia when ? 
  why polder the sea when you can polder your neighbours ? 
  looks like they tortured the poor mother as well , her rim being detached and her mudguard all bent out of shape . 
  damn those forest germans . 
  i do , it was just a cheeky remark about some of his more conservative stances on weed for example . 
  cyclist prime sounds like a transformer . 
  let 's do it . 
  both are famous for being liberals acting like conservatives . 
  his personality and policies are two completely distinct topics for me . 
  i obviously do n't use that as a reason to vote for him , which i did n't . 
  he 's just a likable nerd and not the type to have power go to his head . 
  i like how we always polder the ijsselmeer on these maps . 
  he still teaches history in middle school on the side . 
  also is n't married and commutes by bike . 
  he 's a complete nerd and that 's how i like my heads of government . 
  true . 
  that 's literally called the ` dutch disease ' . 
  great work !, 
  are the years consecutive or cumulative ? 
  the invading germanic tribes had the better idea though . 
  they just went in naked . 
  popodusche is the most german word i 've ever seen . 
  it 's not about being pro-putin . 
  poland and others will never accept that . 
  it 's about being anti-eu , which most populists are . 
  divide and conquer . 
  they are in power , as you say . 
  ` sjw 's ' and other weird fanatics are nowhere near that influential . 
  only if you think it 's as widespread as / r/the _ donald makes it out to be . 
  tell that to the swiss . 
  i did n't say that it was . 
  just that it 's not an echo chamber where only one group decides a narrative . 
  reddit-dwelling young adults wo n't mirror society , but the diversity of opinions is enough to facilitate meaningful discussion . 
  [ i suggest you take another look ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/thenetherlands/comments/6cv4hp/zouden_jullie_bij_eventuele_nieuwe_verkiezingen/ ) . 
  the top 20 comments include 3 fvd , some vvd , d66 , gl , cu , pp , pvdd and sp . 
  quite a balance if you ask me . 
  there will always be a disparity between actual society and / r/tnl , but that 's just a product of most people here being young adults . 
  we did that before though , we still knew the route . 
  spanish would be my go-to language as well if i was american . 
  plenty of spanish-speakers in the usa and the entire southern half of the continent . 
  if you ever happen to visit europe you 'll have a much easier time in spain as well . 
  in discussions that does n't really show in my experience . 
  anti-immigration opinions seem to do better than pro-immigration ones these days . 
  on economic issues there tends to be a nice discussion where both sides get their points in . 
  the vvd ` ers in tnl tend to be the type that lean closer to d66 though , i 'll grant you that . 
  ( i 'm one myself ), 
  you can always ask questions in english if you want to know something , most people are fluent , but most if not all discussions are in dutch . 
  and i ca n't fault you for only knowing english when everybody else already speaks it haha, 
  [ suprisingly large amount are portuguese . 
  ] ( http://www.luxembourg.public.lu/en/le-grand-duche-se-presente/luxembourg-tour-horizon/population-et-multiculturalite/ ) 16.2 % of the population . 
  germans , french , and belgians were to be expected . 
  it is predominantly dutch though , so that might complicate things . 
  it 's kind of hard because extremists will always yell louder than a nuanced voice . 
  some people also see every critique of ` their side ' as an attack . 
  it 's sad really . 
  you 'd have to ban hundreds every day to facilitate a balanced discussion . 
  in / r/thenetherlands the balance is pretty decent , but we have somewhere around 20 parties so it 's hard to have one dominate the discussion . 
  only wilders and 50 + ( party for the elderly ) voters are underrepresented i think . 
  i 'm sure the corsicans , scots and catalonians will be delighted . 
  that should be the tipping point for resignation . 
  less popular than the french head of state . 
  that sub really went the way of / r/politics , did n't it . 
  i would probably be a labour voter if i were british , but that sub is absolutely rabid . 
  commas save lives . 
  very interesting . 
  felt kind of weird when she changed orientation though . 
  like she suddenly looked and smiled at me , saying : `` i know you 're watching , my child ' . 
  one could argue the sino-japanese conflict to be the real start too . 
  we 're just diluted versions . 
  for a dutchman , take 2 measures of german , a tablespoon of englishman and add a whiff of frenchman .
