  would be quite an upset if italy suddenly switched to become a caliphate . 
  libya and the dodecanese are nice this time of year i heard . 
  i was just kidding . 
  then the eu will be called undemocratic because it sanctions spain for exercising its right . 
  no winning in such a scenario . 
  if you guys need any tips for shrugging off spanish oppression give us a call . 
  not the eu . 
  spain . 
  accession requires all member states to agree , so spain can easily block that . 
  here too . 
  when wilders photoshopped pechtold ( progressive politician ) into some islamist context it was a small scandal . 
  for the uk it 's just the tuesday morning paper . 
  i do n't mean this as unnecessary britbashing either , i 'm quite anglophile . 
  the tabloid culture is just something i 'll never get . 
  i wonder why britain in particular has such a toxic press . 
  we 've got the priv\u00e9 and similar tabloids too but they have a much smaller readership and are generally speaking more focussed on gossip than ruining lives or pushing political agendas . 
  it 's not like the uk has more stupid people than the rest of us . 
  * up to that point . 
  he was a spanish governor , so he takes the moral high ground by saying that he himself has always been loyal , but still has to rise up in revolt because philip is being a bit of a twat . 
  over here as well . 
  damn croatians nicking our flags and phrases . 
  you 're still eligible for ` huurtoeslag ' , where you get a big part of your rent back if it 's within reasonable limits and you have zero or little income . 
  that really helps my renting situation . 
  pasta is just fancy noodles anyway . 
  moved from a small town to a city , so i suppose i 've seen it all . 
  eventhough 12,8 % seems low in comparison , that 's still very many . 
  i ca n't believe 1 in 8 dutch people are obese , i hardly know any . 
  though that could be explained by the fact that they rarely go outside . 
  also a lot of old people i guess . 
  this is basically a map about the cultural significance of family . 
  ( with some economic prosperity on top ) over here you 're expected to see your family on weekends or something like that , and spend your weekdays with people you choose to be around . 
  i 've done it like that since i was 18 . 
  not that my family is shit , i love them . 
  they just have different interests , hobbies and beliefs , and are in a different phase of their life . 
  kicking out is n't usually what happens . 
  there 's a big cultural part to it as well . 
  in the netherlands adults are basically expected to have their own place by a certain age . 
  most really want it too because of the independence it offers . 
  i love my parents but i moved out at 18 . 
  funnily enough norway goes further east than sweden . 
  that last group is quite big , it 's typical dutch tolerance . 
  i do n't care whether you 're gay or what you do in the bedroom , i 'd just rather not have you going at it next to me in the bus-stop . 
  ( that 's also true for heterosexual couples though ) same for transgenders , every religion and every ideology . 
  you can be what you want but do n't expect that others want to know . 
  perfectly encapsulated by ` doe normaal , dan ben je al gek genoeg ' , which ( sort of ) means : ` act ( not be ! ), 
  normal , you 're strange enough that way ' it 's a remnent of our calvinist past i think . 
  personal matters stay behind the front door . 
  i do n't know where you 're from , but if you 're from somewhere like canada or sweden you 'll be disappointed by the lack of ` wild ' nature . 
  at one point we literally did n't have forests anymore , everything is either urbanized or man-made nature . 
  even though we 're heavily influenced by calvinist thought , you 'll be hard-pressed to find the religious aspect of it outside of the bible-belt . 
  yeah , you guys won this one . 
  my eyes water at this marvelous polder . 
  we will polder the bourgeoisea !, 
  you ca n't stop us !, 
  the blood of the proletariat turns the cheese wheels of history !, 
  oh i would love to . 
  once i finish university i 'm going to disappear into greece and italy for quite some time !, 
  it 's also free advertising . 
  look at us , talking about greek museums . 
  do n't we all . 
  oh crap i had n't heard he died . 
  i 've only seen snippets of him but he seemed like a great presenter . 
  they seem to adjust their ratings to the development and situation of the country . 
  it 's basically a ranking of who does best with what they 're given . 
  so not an absolute ranking . 
  i 'd find it hard to believe that tunisia beats the benelux and germany otherwise . 
  that last point is n't a stated goal of his i assume ? 
  i still like it better tbh . 
  our left-wing party failed , so another one took its place . 
  that is n't possible or likely with a 5 % cap . 
  the possibility of this happening alone keeps big parties on edge . 
  the animal party has also managed to accomplish quite a lot for their size . 
  i 'm pretty establishment in my views but i like that our system allows for fringes and competition . 
  i take it you 've never spoken to a dutchman . 
  quite a bit . 
  on top of that they are n't even an actual candidate country yet , so they 're even behind turkey on that point . 
  ( though they would eventually obviously have a greater chance of joining ) . 
  serbia and montenegro are closest i believe , and they have a long way to go . 
  the map-lover in me says invite the balkans and annex the swiss and norse . 
  the sane part of me says let 's just have them fulfill the requirements . 
  iirc none of the non-eu balkan nations are currently even close on that front . 
  i never knew pompey skipped over central anatolia when he conquered syria . 
  also that thrace and northeren iberia were n't yet roman then . 
  there 's the added risk of erdoganworshippers seeing you 're dutch and ripping you off/bothering you for it . 
  the whole referendum business in general really put most people off turkey . 
  turkey is really high on my travel destinations list . 
  apparently not . 
  damn germany completely annihilated their frisians . 
  ^ any ^ ^ tips ? 
  berlusconi is right up their alley though . 
  trump is basically an updated version . 
  the article you linked states a base fee of 450 dollars , and as noted in the comments there a paperwork fee of $ 2350 is usually charged on top of that . 
  note that turks are not prohibited from voting , the netherlands just wo n't facilitate the process . 
  they could in theory fly out to turkey or vote in an embassy . 
  we 've had the double citizenship debate some time ago too , it 's mostly unfeasable because some countries simply do n't allow it , morocco being the most relevant example here . 
  others , like us citizens , are allowed to denaturalize but get a hefty bill for the process . 
  an international treaty about it would be nice though . 
  i did n't mean galata . 
  i was under the impression that there was a venetian quarter too , but maybe i misremembered . 
  i was just reading about napoleons siege of it .
