my condolences, 
  that would probably create a german majority . 
  let 's scale it down and keep them a minority , history has proven that having a german minority always works out well . 
  interesting , that little dent around 1900 must be the first world war + spanish flu . 
  the industrial revolution was accompanied by massive urbanisation was n't it ? 
  the major industrial centres ( manchester , liverpool , london etc. ), 
  are all in england . 
  is n't flevoland one of the few man-made things visible from space ? 
  so the first thing the aliens will see is our biggest mistake / s, 
  opposite for ireland even . 
  scary how the famine halved the population . 
  ( though a lot of it is probably emigration to the us ) . 
  they have yet to recover population-wise . 
  you replied in the wrong box and missed the point too . 
  abortion is engrained in the constitution so requires a bigger political shift than lgbt rights . 
  nothing radicalizes quicker than being an outcast from society . 
  oppressing them only gives them martyrs and a victim complex . 
  i have no sympathy for islam , but polarisation is basically their recruitment program . 
  i 'd like to see borders and integration be enforced in a tougher manner , without ostracizing the lot already here . 
  i 'm an economic liberal , but the market does need some regulations . 
  if all they did was force hotels out of business i would be less skeptical , but the effects that airbnb has on a city are not just economic but social . 
  governments should step in at that point . 
  i expect the same to happen to airbnb , in a lesser extent at least . 
  they 've destroyed the government plans regarding tourist capacity by making every apartment in amsterdam a vacation residence . 
  cue ridiculous housing prices , tourist overload and entire streets devoid of permanent/native inhabitants . 
  yet they 've got the image of a small-time friendly startup . 
  a strong economy facilitates happiness better than another free day i 'd think . 
  building those is such a pain since our soil is basically blubber . 
  it 's one of the reasons why we do n't have america-sized skyscrapers . 
  ( aesthetically i like it better that way too tbh . 
  a city full of them like ny or chicago is cool , but just a few looks weird . ), 
  me neither to be honest . 
  dj 's are our main musical export product . 
  i guess we got the finns beat on that one . 
  you know it 's british when even in the southern mediterranean it manages to be misty . 
  finland is a country invented by statisticians in order to just beat the netherlands in indices about quality of life/wealth/metal bands etc. , every time . 
  they 're just jealous i think . 
  do n't think those are valid anymore . 
  the freedom casus belli on potential communists has expired too . 
  nowadays you need great power status or absolute monarchy to even start a proper war . 
  no fun like that imo . 
  rule britannia , britannia rule the waves . 
  britons never will be slaves . 
  i always liked that one tbh . 
  it does n't really pledge loyalty , it 's more like : ` i 've always been an obedient governor , but despite that you committed injustices against my people so i 'm taking up arms to defend them ' . 
  the whole song is basically an open letter explaining to the spanish king why we 're revolting . 
  in a later verse william says something like : i wished i would n't have to burden you with this tempest , but god who decides all has n't desired it to be otherwise . 
  yep , our system is geared towards consensus and compromise , so extremes on both ends rarely , if ever , get a shot at governing . 
  some foreign press seemed to think that if he became the biggest he 'd just get what he wanted . 
  the french system is more ` winner takes all ' though , so that 'll shorten my nails on election day . 
  i 'm more nervous for france than i was for america or even our own elections honestly . 
  it would be a potentially mortal blow to the eu and our international importance . 
  the rise of these parasitic parties is entirely due to the migrant crisis as well , it 's so aggrevating that we ca n't just solve that in a quick and easy manner . 
  does it really translate into a better quality of life for the citizens though ? 
  the ussr also had their crap tv 's and crap cars produced solely by their own workers . 
  state favouritism , subisides and lack of international competition does n't create great products . 
  adapting to the global trends and creating jobs in it/renewables/service instead of artificially propping up dead industries like coal would seem a better path if you want to remain ahead of the rest . 
  then again , i 'm no economist . 
  i 'm sure all models have libraries of proof on why they should work . 
  she 's relatively representative as well . 
  calvinism runs deep in the culture here . 
  even catholic churches are relatively modest compared to other countries . 
  [ we also had what we call a ` beeldenstorm ' during the reformation were people went around smashing every religious ornament and artwork they found . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ea/frans_hogenberg_bildersturm_1566.jpg ), 
  being dutch i ca n't help but be triggered by italian trains . 
  this one is sleek as hell however . 
  you guys can even make public transport look like a sports car !, 
  that applies to a small isolated group of settlers . 
  the original british settlers may have been affected by it , but the massive migration waves of the 19th/20th century were too big to have their dna ` assimilated ' into the founder group . 
  that clip is a bit passive-agressive mate . 
  the european level of heterogeneity was exported there by the immigrants . 
  they 've got the same irish subgroups as ireland in their collectice genepool , but supplemented with german , british , dutch , french , african , native , latino etc.etc . 
  you wo n't always see it expressed culturally , but there 's a lot more mixing going on there than here . 
  ( they might converge to 1 ethnicity eventually , but america is way too young for that ) . 
  you guys have a different kind of diversity . 
  two random americans will be more ` diverse ' in race/belief/whatever than two random swedes . 
  however you can cross the entire continent and still be in the same cultural ` zone ' . 
  same food , language and shops . 
  over here you can cross a single mountain pass and find yourself speaking a different language with a different ethic group about their own history while eating different food . 
  america is a diverse people on a relatively homogenous continent , while europe is clusters of relatively homogenous peoples on a very diverse continent . 
  gy bent dood , kind . 
  care to enlighten an ignorant northener ? 
  good job on that . 
  marianne also went through various stages of nudity it seems . 
  it 's the german way . 
  they 've only had 8 bundeskanzlers since ww2 . 
  edit : just noticed you guys have too , almost entirely due to chirac and mitterrand . 
  germans more confrontational than us ? 
  i always found them to be very polite . 
  limited exposure i guess . 
  the language is also more soft-spoken , believe it or not . 
  glad to see that the germanic agressive cyborg stereotype is still going strong though . 
  they are appointed by the democratic parts . 
  do you directly vote on ministers ? 
  portugal was one of my favourites too . 
  very cute and withstood the test of time gracefully . 
  libya suffers from the same problems as afghanistan/iraq though , a large inacessible periphery around the cities where a conventional army ca n't suppress dissent . 
  islamists will rally there and now they have an external enemy to blame as well , further bolstering their cause . 
  the regime will hold the cities until the west leaves , at which point the islamists pour in from the countryside and the civil war continues , only more vicious and even les sympathtic to the west . 
  is it really though ?
