  that 's a us thing and hardly harmful/relevant anyway . 
  just something for the internet to rage at . 
  not to mention that what you call liberal arts is a small part of the possible educations . 
  looks very imposing , i love this kind of architecture . 
  is it state-funded though ? 
  that seems weird . 
  their gains are quite a big upset , though i do n't expect them to join a ruling coalition . 
  they are fast becoming the new party on the left , which pvda used to be . 
  this gives the dutch left a more environmental character and moves away from the focus on the labourer . 
  i except them to ride this wave until the next election to completely solidify this rather than risk their newfound popularity for a place in a ( probable ) right wing cabinet . 
  the current coalition was economically pretty right-wing since the labour party were n't very assertive . 
  since they have very few seats compared to the rest , who are mostly classic liberals , i do n't foresee this cabinet being any less right wing economically . 
  it might be more progressive since d66 will probably make that their goal in the coalition talks . 
  pvda is quite progressive as well and vvd can be on certain areas . 
  cda is quite conservative so i do n't know how much they will tolerate in terms of drugs decriminalization and assisted suicide . 
  basically : semi-progressive and economically liberal . 
  i get what you 're saying and i agree that some cases are better off being ignored . 
  the average alt-righter is probably beyond reason and i 'll waste none of my time on actual neonazis . 
  but those people are not 15 % of the population . 
  the fact that pvv fluctuates shows that there are plenty of people that do n't fully buy his nonsense but are just afraid of muslims/immigrants/whatever . 
  sometimes a quick chat about his party programme or the fact that other parties have actual workable solutions to immigration problems can be enough to sway them . 
  i 've personally met and convinced one such person . 
  i just think it 's a shame that some of these voters wo n't have such a chat because they are immediatly dismissed . 
  at best you convince someone to vote with their head , at worst you are too nice to a ` fool ' . 
  you should take the positions personally if they affect you . 
  but shunning their voters will only harder their conviction . 
  try to show them that reason is the way to go . 
  petting zoos just got better . 
  can people stop downvoting fvd and pvv voters here ? 
  ( except ones that are obviously t_d provokers ) one thing i like about our political culture is that we do n't tend to make things personally or disregard people because of their leaning . 
  i vote d66 , but i have plenty of friends who vote vvd , gl , sp , pvdd , fvd and pvv . 
  we all get along fine . 
  discussions are fun , but downvoting opposing views will only polarize them . 
  upper houses are usually smaller and do n't make legislation . 
  the lower house initiates a law , and the upper house revises it and makes sure it 's compatible and workable . 
  they also are n't necessarily democratically elected . 
  some examples are the british house of lords , the us senate and our eerste kamer ofcourse . 
  we have multiple parties on the left . 
  labour was the biggest , but it imploded . 
  sp , groenlinks and to some degree d66 are profiting from this . 
  overall there right will collectively ( probably ) still be bigger , but that 's not a big departure from last elections . 
  the biggest change is the spreading out of voters from the pvda on the left and vvd on the right into 5 roughly equivalent parties . 
  judt out of interest , which religion does n't allow voting ? 
  i had n't heard that before . 
  why 'd you select this fragment to share ? 
  he says this all the time and it 's not like this shocked anyone . 
  he needed to pander to his base since this is one if the only debates where he turned up , and it started showing in the polls . 
  he filled his time with unsubstantial one-liners like this one , and still nobody knows how he 's going to fulfill all those promises . 
  when his opponent asked why he wanted to break down the rule of law in order to punish muslims he answered that that was necessary , otherwise muslims would break down the rule of law . 
  his debate performance was entirely focussed on trying to provoke and be the ` tells it like it is ! ', 
  guy . 
  i 'm already picturing the next generation analyzing trump tweets in history class . 
  are these volunteers or appointed by the states from the army ? 
  the thought of sending the un a notice that they can count on the support of 2 guys is just amazing . 
  somebody find a statistic that seperates the white and red countries . 
  this needs to become a legitimate map . 
  there 's a kebab joke in there somewhere, 
  yeah i 'm voting d66 but i want rutte to stay on . 
  i 'm hoping for a vvd/d66/cda / some left party coalition . 
  i really like pechtold but he 's better off doing domestic things . 
  rutte has proven himself a competent pm in my view . 
  i feel like the world is more anxious than we are . 
  a coaltion with a centre-right core is basically guaranteed . 
  even if wilders wins big he lacks the friends to get a majority . 
  it 's not winner takes all . 
  i know people will say ` but they said that about hillary ' , but that was in fact winners takes all , the only way for geert to have a genuine shot at governing is getting 40 % of the vote . 
  he 's polling at 14 % . 
  they source nothing and in the end say that for every syrian refugee one migrant is repatriated to turkey . 
  what 's the big deal here ? 
  they make it sound like those 250.000 will be accepted on top of the established deal . 
  that 's just not true . 
  politicians do n't steer our economy completely but the economic plans of vvd and sp will have massively different impacts on the economy and how much money people have to spend . 
  just nitpicking but i 'd say d66 is more centre liberal than left . 
  tbh it 's much better . 
  i quite like our wilhelmus but the marseillaise is just a god tier anthem . 
  nuclear pants seem like a good idea since it will sterilize the erdogan fanboys wearing them . 
  are the colour and the fruit the same word in turkish ? 
  as far as i know that 's only the case in english . 
  williams orange refers to the colour . 
  i just want them to try to look intimidating while picking tulip petals . 
  edit : i just realized i 'm wrong myself . 
  orange refers to the french county where the family came from . 
  i always wonderd what the logistics of living in venice are . 
  there are seemingly no shops or supermarkets without tourist-tier prices . 
  do you go to mestre for shopping or is there some kind of delivery service ? 
  awesome city to live regardless , when the tourists are gone there are few cities with that much character . 
  why oranges ? 
  because it 's the national colour ? 
  we do n't really have the climate to make these . 
  tulips represent us more i feel . 
  it would also have been more symbolic since they were introduced to the netherlands after the sultan gave us some from his garden . 
  judging by the town he meant gay in the old sense of the word . 
  joy is for effeminate westeners . 
  are historical grudges still held there ? 
  is that cultural or just because recently there have n't been a lot of new ones to replace them . 
  ( japan i 'd guess ) . 
  we 're buddies with spain , france and germany , the latter of which only invaded us 70 years ago . 
  it seems weird to hold a country in contempt for so long . 
  de jure she may be a normal citizen , but it 's pretty obvious that actually charging and detaining a foreign minister is a diplomatic no-go . 
  she was asked to not enter the country , did so anyway , and we escorted her out again .
