  if you go too lean , it 's just not good . 
   lettuce and dry bread yeah , that 's the problem . 
  that 's intentional on levi 's part - they 're very standard jeans here , maybe even on the cheap side , but they decided to go upmarket internationally and apparently it worked . 
  eh , i think it stretches belief to imply that the uk and canada are more similar than the us and canada . 
  it depends on the variety . 
  `` white bread '' is relatively sweet , but plenty of varieties are n't . 
  signage distances are in miles in the uk , i believe . 
  the alcohol vending machines in japan have id readers . 
  how is `` pre-lunch with a coffee '' different than breakfast ? 
   to be fair , do n't americans have to pick non related subjects in university as well ? 
  i keep hearing that from american redditors . 
  yes , but generally only introductory ( easy ) classes . 
  it 's supposed to make us well-rounded or something . 
  heating by electricity in modern buildings is typically done using heat pumps ( think of it as an air conditioner running in reverse ) which are relatively efficient as long as it does n't get too cold - below -10 c or so . 
  at very cold temperatures , heat pumps need to supplement with resistive heating coils , which are not efficient . 
  vancouver weather is relatively similar to london , fairly mild winters without much snow . 
  their working culture is not ideal . 
  you 're expected to work long hours and finding a new job is n't really done , so you 're more or less stuck with one company for your entire career . 
  unemployment insurance will stop paying out eventually , i believe , but certain other benefits ( ex . 
  food stamps ) will pay out indefinitely as long as you continue to look for a job . 
  wow . 
  what 's a normal wage in hungary ? 
  in the us , doctors earn around triple the average salary . 
  dunkirk does n't have any american actors or characters , though . 
  poor wages for doctors ? 
   * the standard accent , i think it 's called the midwest one , sounds rough and somewhat ` heavy ' . 
  usually called `` general american '' , though it 's accurate that the * most * general accent is found in the midwest . 
  there are some people who use `` christian '' as a synonym for `` protestant '' , yes . 
  more often than not , it 's out of ignorance rather than animosity , but there are some sects that do not believe that catholicism is a valid form of christianity . 
  the arguments usually center around accusations of polytheism , due to prayer to mary and other saints . 
  there are definitely some people like that , but more often than not , people just do n't know what catholics believe , or assume that christian specifically refers to protestants . 
  the distinction is subtle . 
  the question is not `` do employers need to fire people lawfully '' , which would n't make sense , but rather `` do employers need a lawful * reason * to fire people '' . 
  the question implies two things - that they need a reason , and that the reason needs to comply with some law . 
  for example , the answer to the second question for the us would be `` no '' , because no reason is required . 
  it just ca n't be an * unlawful * reason . 
  maybe . 
  if an employee suspects they were fired illegally , they can file an unlawful discrimination claim . 
  but the burden of proof is on the employee , and they will need some kind of evidence that their employer likely acted illegally . 
  in the us , you do n't need a reason to fire someone . 
  you ca n't fire someone for an * unlawful * reason , though , which are things like race/religion/gender / nationality/marital status , pregnancy , and some other things . 
  polar bears and brown bears overlap a bit in alaska and canada . 
  here , it 's deer , but horses are second . 
  people really overestimate how dangerous predators are , and underestimate stupid herbivores . 
  it 's very weird . 
  black friday exists in the us because it 's the day after a major holiday , which many people have off from work , about a month before a major holiday that involves giving gifts . 
  without thanksgiving , it 's just a random day . 
  a strong dutch accent is hilarious , but so many dutch people have almost-flawless accents that i do n't associate the dutch overall as having funny accents . 
  so crossbows are illegal as well ? 
  i always find these laws about names interesting , because we essentially do n't have any . 
  does iceland have laws about first names as well ? 
  wait , really ? 
  so how do you get paid ? 
  well , almost all employment laws are state laws , as the federal government has relatively little authority to regulate worker 's rights , so it varies . 
  some states require paid sick time , most do not . 
  most employers do provide it , but not all . 
  also , i would n't say two weeks is the standard . 
  two weeks is common for vacation time ( not including paid holidays ) , but sick time is more often one week that will rollover and add to the next year if unused . 
  my company offers one week of sick time , but i currently have over three weeks accumulated as i 've never had to use more than a day in a year . 
   oh , and americans often only have up to two weeks of sick leave , like being sick is something you can control how long you will be . 
  not really , it 's just that `` sick time '' here exclusively refers to the number of days you can miss and your employer will pay you 100 % of your salary . 
  there 's no reduction in pay at all until you exceed that amount . 
  for long illnesses , we have something called short-term disability , which typically pays at 60 % once you 've exhausted all of your employer coverage . 
  not unless you 're * boiling * lead . 
  yup , never seen a bedroom door without a lock . 
  that 'd be very strange . 
  is it legal to discriminate based on nationality in germany ? 
  you ca n't what ? 
  i have two dogs and i 'm not seeing how it would affect my footwear preferences . 
  well ... 
  the pearl harbor attack is considered a war crime , as it was an unannounced attack on a neutral country in violation of the kellogg-briand pact and hague convention . 
  ca n't you buy tylenol 3 without a prescription in much of europe ? 
  where were you that people did n't have blinds ( on the inside ) ? 
  they 're universal in my experience . 
  it would be very weird to me if a bedroom did not have blinds or curtains . 
  i do n't know any pearl harbor jokes , but i have heard * plenty * of 9/11 jokes . 
  nah , home schoolers here are mostly religious nutters trying to shelter their kids from evolution and the gays . 
  some of our public schools are n't good , but a half-baked online curriculum that teaches creationism is n't going to be better . 
   even when you pay your credit card bills on time , it is considered a sign of financial instability/irresponsibility . 
  why , though ? 
  there 's no disadvantage at all to using a credit card versus a debit card as long as you pay off the balance every month . 
  you do n't pay any interest , you have better fraud protection ( money never leaves your bank account , even temporarily ) , and you usually receive rewards or cash back of some kind . 
  it 's just the opposite of irresponsible . 
  well , that 's the `` correct '' way to use a credit card , only spend as much as you can pay off every month . 
  it 's still considered a credit history just as much as not paying it off every month . 
  the biggest cultural difference is probably credit cards . 
  since they are viewed as a valuable financial tool here , almost everyone has one , including people who are extremely responsible with their money . 
  the fact that they 're so common makes credit scores possible ( or more useful , anyway ) . 
  personal loans , including not paying off your credit card every month , are viewed as irresponsible here , too . 
  yes , it 's worse than having a good credit score , but better than having a really bad one . 
  you 'll still be able to get a loan , but the standards required of your income might be higher than if you had a good credit score , and you 'll get a worse interest rate . 
   so basically you ca n't buy a house if you manage your money well because you never borrowed money before and therefore do n't have a credit score ? 
  you can get a home loan without a credit score if everything else ( income , bank statements ) looks very good , but you 're unlikely to get the best possible interest rate . 
   and the guy who keeps borrowing money for frivolours purposes has perfect credit score and can buy a house ? 
  not necessarily . 
  if you have a perfect credit score , but your debt-to-income ratio is bad ( or you just do n't make enough money ) , you 'll still be denied a loan . 
  banks in countries with credit scores look at all of that stuff as well ( well , maybe not your budget , i 've never heard of that ) , in addition to your credit score . 
  at its heart , a credit score is just a number that summarizes whether you have a strong history of paying off money that you 've borrowed . 
  one interesting note is that , in the us , credit scores are n't just used for loans , they 're also used as a general indication of someone 's trustworthiness . 
  so , a bad score means you 'll pay more for car insurance - there 's actually a very strong correlation between having a bad credit score and being involved in collisions .
