there really is n't a lot of paperwork unless your situation is a bit unusual . 
  many americans can file a 1040ez , which is a single form that takes maybe 10 minutes . 
  if you have significant investment income or own a business , then yes , many people hire an accountant . 
  but i 'm guessing it 's common for europeans in those situations to hire an accountant , too . 
  usually , yes . 
  saying that carbonara is a rare dish in the us just is n't true . 
  any italian restaurant will offer it . 
  it 's not blaming you in particular ... 
  it just is n't * our * problem . 
  even trump knows that he 's in no position to do anything that would benefit russia right now . 
  how is the federal government struggling to function ? 
  debate over bills is exactly how it 's supposed to work . 
  it would be much more concerning if everything was passing easily . 
  several banks were fined much more than vw . 
  impeachment is quite literally a criminal indictment , so it absolutely has something to do with whether they have broken a law . 
  of course it 's possible to impeach someone who is innocent , but there absolutely must be an accusation of a crime . 
  and then the senate actually holds the trial and votes on whether to convict - if the senate acquits , they remain in office . 
  it 's worth noting that only a single supreme court judge has ever been impeached , and he was acquitted and remained in office . 
  if your argument is simply `` if congress ignores the constitution , and everyone goes along with it , they can remove supreme court judges '' , then yes , i suppose that is true . 
  but saying `` if the rule of law is ignored and no one resists you could do x '' , that would be true for any statement you could make about any country . 
  what 's not true ? 
  impeachment is for `` treason , bribery , or other high crimes and misdemeanors '' . 
  correct , and they can only be impeached for crimes , not simply making decisions that congress disagrees with . 
  # 9k per year is actually substantially more than many us universities charge . 
  of course , americans are required to pay off their loans . 
  so , what , uk isps will be required to block non-british porn websites that have no reason or desire to comply ? 
  the great firewall of britain ? 
  the death penalty is extraordinarily expensive in the us , but it 's mainly legal costs ( extensive appeals process ) . 
  you 're using a strange definition of western . 
  taiwan and south korea both have the death penalty , though south korea has n't actually executed someone in awhile , and they 're about as westernized as japan . 
  i do n't know what that is exactly , but we can have stuff in chip bags and and cereal , since it 's visible and not completely encased by food . 
  there 's a knockoff kinder surprise where a bit of the plastic is exposed , and that apparently makes it legal . 
  that 's not accurate , kinder eggs were banned before they were ever invented . 
  the us law that bans putting inedible objects inside of food dates back to 1934 . 
  it 's not `` no one '' , but it is very uncommon to earn minimum wage ( less than 2 % of workers ) . 
  in the us , geography is typically only covered as part of history class , not as its own subject . 
  so if you do n't learn the history of an area , you 're probably not going to learn the geography of an area . 
  georgia is likely never mentioned in european history classes here aside from `` these are the former soviet republics : '' that said , i 'd absolutely considered someone an idiot if they did n't know that it exists . 
  i would n't expect someone to know precisely where it is , though . 
  not sure , i 've never personally managed to clog a toilet . 
  maybe it was an issue with older designs ? 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  the us was one of the most enlightenment influenced nations in the world in the late 18th century . 
  the problem is revivalism/great awakenings , not anything the puritans did . 
  us was 73.9 %, 
  trump speaks only of his own aims and policies . 
  it does n't matter how much he wants a trade deal , if the senate disagrees with it , it wo n't happen . 
  just about , 1.88 . 
  trump and erdogan are above average , but they 're not super tall ; i think the rest of the front row are just short . 
  trump has always worn remarkably ill-fitting suits , and i do n't think anyone has quite figured out why , other than that he apparently likes it . 
  that 's not accurate . 
  it includes `` incitement to hatred '' which is absolutely what is generally included in `` hate speech '' . 
  it 's absolutely an opinion . 
  i 'm not sure how you could argue that it is n't . 
  the total taxes on gas are about 20-25 % in most states , which is fairly substantial . 
  it 's just not as high as europe . 
  so what translation would you use ? 
  the primary issue is that countries have started to demand that their own laws be enforced world wide . 
  for example , france and canada have both recently ruled that google `` must '' take down certain search results on all global domains , not just google.fr and google.ca . 
  this is not sustainable . 
  does germany get to be the global arbiter of free speech ? 
  not in my view . 
  iceland is , geologically . 
  some guns are , some actually are n't . 
  regardless , i 'm not arguing for or against gun regulation , i simply do n't think it 's productive or rational to * fear * guns . 
  guns do n't do that . 
  lots of things can kill you . 
  the leading killer of children in the us is n't guns , but rather swimming pools . 
  should people fear swimming pools ? 
  no , but they should be cautious . 
  caution is rational , fear very often is n't . 
  us aircraft carriers can remain at sea for about 70 days , and are more limited by food than aircraft fuel . 
  it 's true that their supporting ships can not stay at sea that long , but us carrier battle groups are designed to be large enough to allow a rotation . 
  that said , the us navy has such an enormous budget that it 's probably not a good idea for other nations to follow the same strategy . 
  electric heating works perfectly well , though i imagine the conversion would be painful . 
  creationism can not legally be taught in us public schools as it is a violation of the first amendment . 
  somewhat recently , there were efforts to teach `` intelligent design '' as a scientific theory , but this was found by the courts to simply be a form of creationism and therefore illegal to teach in public schools : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kitzmiller_v._dover_area_school_district, 
  the states do decide their own curricula , but the curriculum can not violate the us constitution , and teaching creationism in public schools is a violation of the establishment clause of the us constitution . 
  we may have a large minority of idiots but at least it 's illegal to teach creationism in schools . 
  it 's just a metal tab , if they were lockable you 'd probably know . 
  a tab that you flip forward with your finger , usually . 
   depending on where you live that 's the key , though . 
  juneau is basically dublin with harsher winters , florida is 60 % humidity during the dry season , and phoenix might as well be qatar . 
  most of the us is n't san diego or honolulu . 
  because the us is quite large and burying wires is quite expensive . 
  to my understanding it dates to prohibition , which is n't exactly * recent * . 
  you did n't learn about the english civil war , cromwell , and then the glorious revolution ? 
  those seem like pretty basic topics , hell , we covered them more than once . 
  i 've mainly seen it as a joke , since it seems that most non-native english speakers ca n't differentiate american and canadian accents , and the idea of pretending to be canadian is amusing . 
  shockingly , different cultures are different . 
  it 's incredibly common for actual canadians to have clothes or accessories with canadian flags , too . 
  aside from lockers , at my school it was uncommon to need to carry books around - most reading was assigned as homework , whereas classes were generally discussion based . 
  so we left the textbooks at home , and just carried our notes . 
  i would say that america has a strong system of * economic * classes , but the system of * social * classes is much less strong . 
  that is to say , your `` class '' is mostly determined by how much money you have , rather than how ( or when ) you got it . 
  this contrasts with the uk , where a successful electrician is still `` working class '' , even if they make more money than a `` middle class '' surgeon or `` upper class '' baron . 
  i went to a pub in ni and they got offended when i asked if they had guinness ... strange place . 
  cookie dough is a weird flavor in france ? 
  it 's very , very common here . 
  i do n't know if it applies to spain , but i get the impression that some european countries use excessively lean meat for burgers .
