   it seems that this kind of rhetoric is something that some french voters like . 
  honestly i do n't think so . 
  it 's a random quote from her , it 's far from being what she 's famous for . 
  in my opinion the reason why she 's so popular these days is because a lot of french people think that as along as we have a european currency without a federal europe , rich countries will get richer and poor countries will get poorer . 
  since a federal europe wo n't happen , the only viable alternative would be to ditch the euro , which could be very costly in the short term but help the country in the long term . 
  and marine le pen is the only sort-of credible party that proposes that . 
  not saying i agree with that line of thought , but it 's a bit more subtle than `` hurr durr the french are racists who hate americans '' . 
  honestly puntin has become a master troll in a matter of months . 
  what 's going on ? 
  he wants a new cold war to boost his popularity ? 
  right because the eu seems so much more willing to do something about all this than the us ... 
   but france is n't a country where the socialist party dominates - chirac and sarkozy were both ump , a centre-right party . 
  yes but maybe he found himself in a situation where he thought he could more easily end up among the leaders of the socialist party than any of the right-wing parties ... 
  politics are about acquaintances , etc. 
  he also graduated a bit before mitterrand ( socialist ) became president , and when mitterrand became president , people had a lot of hope and many thought his leadership would be revolutionary ( he was * very * left wing in the first years of his mandate ) . 
  so hollande may have thought socialism was the future ... saying that chirac and sarkozy were ump is kinda irrelevant , because at that point he was already among the leaders of the socialist party . 
  well well well . 
  depends where he wants to go in europe . 
  as a drunk professor , i do n't mind . 
  and much poorer . 
  yes but i never really expected greece to fall as low as ukraine just because of the crisis ... 
  such a drop would be unheard of . 
  to be fair they ca n't go much lower . 
  so growth is n't all that surprising at this point . 
  we call it `` gauche caviar '' in france . 
  yeah but let 's be honest , reddit is more of a north american thing . 
  three digits ? 
  so , less than 1000 ? 
  being french , honestly , these two warships are negligible given russia 's huge fleet already , and what do you think , that if putin ca n't get warships from us , he wo n't get them from somewhere else ? 
  putin does n't give a fuck , these `` sanctions '' are sanctions to us , not to russia . 
  our economy is in a deep crisis , you have hundreds of people working on these warships who will be unemployed tomorrow . 
  all this for what ? 
  a symbolic act that has zero influence on russia 's actual military power . 
  a real shame . 
  man you are batshit insane . 
  there is a difference between destroying nationalism and destroying countries . 
  that 's just what investors think , but they might be wrong . 
  it 's really surprising , given all the media coverage about crimea , that they never seem to mention this . 
  whatever , they said that being a computer scientist is trendy , so you can trust them !, 
  ^ ^ ^ yes ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ computer ^ ^ ^ scientist, 
  not exactly a brand name , but the word [ ordinateur ( computer ) , was invented by ibm france and it stuck ] ( http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/ordinateur#.c3.89tymologie ) . 
  i 've seen tons of foreigners on reddit who thought it was a word invented by the acad\u00e9mie fran\u00e7aise because they were on a crusade against english words or similar bullshit . 
   countries are bad business ( should be destroyed - every single one ) you want every country on the planet to be destroyed ? 
   visiblysane not really . 
  honestly i get your sentiment and that you feel that it 's unfair , but i do n't believe for one second he 'll go for nato countries . 
  til we export supermarkets to russia . 
  man , i had to scroll back and forth to read your text . 
  right . 
  because we can switch to renewable energy in two months before the winter . 
  when even the most idealistic predictions say it will take decades . 
  very believable . 
   though i do n't think anyone 's attacking russia , i do n't think winter will matter much in the modern day . 
  we have some serious polymers and fibers for heat retention in the winter . 
  we can easily make a warm and effective combat armour that can survive -50 c comfortably . 
  also it 's not exactly difficult to have heated clothing these days . 
  i 'd be more worried about the nukes than the winter in russia . 
  what about russia cutting off gaz supplies to half of europe , making people unable to heat their hourses for the whole winter ? 
  because that 's what we were talking about here . 
   removed a real nasty man from power  was playing within the bounds of international law ( on extremely shakey grounds )  we did n't cover up the invasion  western troops did not commit unpunished war crimes . 
   political opposition did not dissapear and turn up dead in a ditch with their fingernails pulled out etc etc. 
  these are shady reasons why the iraq war was n't as bad as what 's going on in ukraine ... 
  the current people governing large parts of iraq nowadays ( isis ) are way nastier than sadam hussein , it really was n't within the bounds of international law , the reason for the invasion was a cover up since there were no weapons of mass destruction , there have been tons of war crimes , especially in military prisons , and you can be sure some were unpunished ... you 're missing out the real reason : the iraq war was n't a war of conquest in which the us wanted to annex a country to make it part of its territory . 
  and that changes everything . 
  it does n't look like italian ice cream at all . 
  sometimes the humor of the economist is too british for me , i just do n't get it . 
  man , our economy is collapsing completely and has been for years because we share a currency without a global economic policy , and even in this context , our political leaders wo n't create a federation and will let europe fall into poverty . 
  so i doubt a conflict in ukraine , a country nobody really cares about , will change things . 
  i 'm not even sure i get what they mean . 
  that he 's a kid and nobody cares about him or something ? 
  only kids eat ice cream ? 
  something tells london must have a hidden interest in this . 
  well they seem to say they 're in the same institutions as metropolitan france ? 
  except schengen of course but that one is obvious . 
  is guam really larger-scale than benelux ? 
  i do n't see how ? 
  your link does n't say they do n't belong to the same european institutions as metropolitan france . 
  it 's not on the graph . 
  well for the french overseas territories at least , as far as i know , there is no difference with mainland france ? 
  to be fair , if our leaders were n't just `` really worried '' but actually took military action about the stuff that is happening in ukraine , in gaza , in syria , in iraq , and in various african countries , we 'd have to be waging war all over the globe . 
  do we really want that right in the middle of a deep economic crisis ? 
   yep , english supermarkets have meat labelled `` british '' , welsh ones `` welsh '' and scottish ones `` scottish '' . 
  people like to sneer at the bad welfare standards in france that 's interesting because in france we 've had `` vbf - viande bovine fran\u00e7aise '' stickers on meat since the mad cow disease crisis , so that people can make sure they are n't buying british meat . 
  melon d'eau is mostly qu\u00e9becois . 
  in marseille ( or anywhere in france ) , you 'd say past\u00e8que . 
  ( except maybe if you 're talking about these long yellow-ish melons , not watermelons . ), 
  i. . . what ? 
  why is a mountain named that ? 
  to be fair , this area of france has a lot of * baraques \u00e0 frites * . 
  how can `` they shot first '' ever be an excuse when they shot at an armed convoy that entered their territory ? 
  that does n't make a lot of sense . 
  surely you mean north west ? 
  ... poles are so old-fashioned . 
  i think it looks very cool . 
  wait , do n't you guys eat buckwheat galettes while the rest of the country is more into cr\u00eapes ? 
  how come every single french person i see commenting on reddit uses the word `` french '' as a noun instead of an adjective ? 
  you guys are really not helping with our reputation of being horrible at english . 
   the name is a celebration of ancient hatred . 
  hmm , you have zero proof of that but it seems that you are very angry and not thinking rationally , and you clearly have an agenda so i wo n't discuss this any further with you . 
  ... and ? 
  it could just be that jews have been killed there at some point , so they called the place , `` the death of the jews '' .
