  okay , but we are talking about two cities in the same country , so moving was easier . 
  i feel like all these articles about finance fleeing london are mostly wishful thinking . 
  edit : grammar, 
  because in the commonwealth , you never miss a reason to bash the french , however silly it might be . 
  i 'm pretty sure hitchhiking in france is hard . 
  not sure why he was surprised . 
  the real question is , why is a crazy hitchhiker on the other side of the planet news ? 
  oh right , this is the guardian . 
  50 % news , 50 % bashing the french ( typically under the guise of news ) . 
  with juncker at the head ? 
  it will become a tax haven . 
  ah yes . 
  the north african military invasion of the eu everybody fears . 
   we have christian parties all over europe . 
  we do n't in france . 
  we have populists on both sides . 
  thank you m\u00e9lenchon and le pen !, 
  so are you saying that enlightenment philosophers had no impact on the french revolution or do you minsunderstand what `` fueled '' means ? 
  the french revolution was fueled by the ideas of the enlightenment philosophers , especially humanism . 
  so no , it was clearly against religion . 
  funny , because i think it 's the exact opposite . 
  i do n't because i thought about it , while you believe religions are necessary because they are * de rigueur * and you probably did n't question them enough because of your lack of insight . 
  i see nothing naive or wrong in this , sorry . 
  way of completely missing the point . 
  it 's not because the clergy `` abuse their power '' , it 's because they have any power at all based on nothing rational . 
  they should n't exist whatsoever . 
  this is what the french enlightenment philosophers understood in the decades before the french revolution , and their ideas spread to the people . 
  these ideas are still commonplace in the french population nowadays , which is why * la\u00efcit\u00e9 * is one of the main pillars of the french republic . 
  it was probably the best thing that happened in french history yes . 
  it was bloody , but it was the beginning of the road to enlightenment . 
  i actually find the numbers low . 
  the only non-atheists i meet in france are either muslims or jews . 
  most people are not only atheists , they 're also very anti-religion ( hence why many people are in favor of banning religious symbols etc. 
  because people are not happy with hardcore religious people popping up again 200 + years after we fought a revolution against the nobility * and the clergy . 
  i do n't think that 's how it works . 
  heh we banned plastic cups !, 
   we just do n't know how most of their stuff actually tastes well i 've lived in the us and canada and i enjoyed their chocolate bars fwiw . 
  there is a reason why they even sell them here now . 
  people enjoy them . 
  whether they use a standardized % of cocoa is kinda irrelevant . 
  there are plenty of nice beers that do n't meet the german purity law . 
  yeah , yeah , and americans are subhumans who have shit for taste buds and they all eat crap without knowing better while us europeans eat glorious chocolate bars whose taste americans ca n't even fathom . 
  give me a break . 
  oh come on . 
  heshey 's chocolate is fine . 
  american chocolate bars are fine . 
  so much arrogance in this thread . 
  edit : grammar, 
  bah , people always try to correlate people with stereotypes . 
  if the volkswagen had happened with an italian or french brand , people would have said that it 's typical for them because they 're cheaters and/or bad engineers . 
  it happened in germany though , so nobody says anything . 
  yeah , yeah , / r/askhistorians has a bot for everything . 
  as an associate professor myself , arguments from authority are the last thing that convince me . 
  just because we write something in a research paper or because there is a consensus in a group of `` experts '' does n't make it the absolute truth you know , especially in social sciences . 
  [ there is an ongoing debate about whether the bombings were necessary , especially the second one . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/debate_over_the_atomic_bombings_of_hiroshima_and_nagasaki#opposition ) read about it for yourself , there is no absolute truth in this . 
  especially not one that comes from reddit historians . 
  interesting , first time i 've heard of this idea . 
  i mean it 's not like they 're going to say `` okay we 're working on yet another electric car , we think it 's not too bad '' . 
  many war crimes have `` justifications '' . 
  go try to convince your average japanese person of all this . 
  i do n't consider their opinion less valid . 
  we 're all prisoners of our own propaganda . 
  history is written by the winners . 
  if the allies had lost the war , pretty sure the atomic bombs would be considered some of the worst war crimes humanity has ever committed . 
  in the end both events were about indiscriminately murdering large numbers of civilians . 
  i do n't know . 
  would n't atomic bombs that killed thousands of civilians at a time , or nazi camps where thousands of people where being killed and burnt each day while others could hear them and await the same fate , or the rape of nanking , or japanese medical experiments on war prisoners qualify ? 
  there are also a lot of horrible events that are not very well-known . 
  for instance i remember an event during the algerian war , in which a french general forced a whole tribe ( thousands , with women and children ) to retreat in a cave , and made a huge fire for days to intoxicate all of them . 
  it just seems strange to me to pick an invasion , even though it was a clear betrayal . 
  but this is apparently a very sensitive subject . 
  edit : clarification, 
  i mean , rescinding pacts and treaties is as old as war itself . 
  okay , it was a betrayal . 
  but is it really one of the worst acts * in the history of war * ? 
  humans have spent thousands of years betraying and invading . 
  edit : grammar, 
  all of this is well-known , thank you very much . 
  we just happen to be talking about different things . 
  calm down . 
  okay this is n't the invasion itself . 
  when someone is talking about `` a shameful act '' i do n't understand it as 50 years of history . 
  hm ... why ? 
  imperialist invasions are extremely commonplace in the history of war . 
  that 's kind of vague . 
  when i moved to paris i was surprised people had never heard of things i ate commonly in the south of france . 
  so it varies even within the same country . 
   how often do europeans eat out ? 
  it really depends . 
  i 've worked in jobs where we ate out every day for lunchs . 
  in others , company 's / university 's restaurant there was good so we ate there . 
  in some others everybody brought their own lunch . 
  at night , i go out pretty often with my gf , if i 'm back home with my family i usually do n't . 
   how often do you go grocery shopping ? 
  it depends too . 
  in the south where you use a car for everything and go to huge supermarkets , once a week maybe . 
  in paris where you have to carry your groceries by foot , more often . 
   are frozen meals and prepared foods a thing in europe ? 
  how often do you consume them ?
