  yes , they 're everywhere . 
  never personally . 
  i find them awful . 
   is it less expensive to eat healthy ( ie . 
  fresh foods ) or to eat prepared and/or fast foods ? 
  it really depends . 
  macdonalds is kinda expensive all in all . 
  fast food is usually cheaper in general though , like everywhere . 
  it 's not that fresh products are particularly expensive , it 's that you need a lot of stuff if you want to prepare a good recipe . 
   if you 've visited the states before , how does our food compare to yours ( fast , frozen , and/or fresh ) . 
  portion size is way , way , way bigger in the states , that 's for sure . 
  still worrying that he thinks some opinions should n't be available to the `` public '' . 
   please stop sharing your opinions with the public . 
  what a strange thing to say . 
  are my opinions dangerous for the `` public '' and they must be censored or something ? 
  so delightfully authoritarian . 
   this is king knut levels of resistance they are the black knight of europe . 
  `` it 's just a flesh wound ! '', 
  it 's more about the few % that end up in nature from people who left them there after their picnic . 
  if your plastic ends up in the trash it gets turned into electricity in many places in france too . 
  germans always have to be extreme in one direction or the other do n't they ? 
  `` oops we 've made a mistake in ww2 , let 's do the exact opposite now !, 
  balkans being balkans . 
  we never hear about it much in the media around here , except when bertrand cantat murdered marie trintignant in vilnus ( but i 'm not even sure locals are aware of this since there were only french people involved , they probably do n't care ) . 
  okay i just do n't get it then . 
  uuh ... am i the only one who ca n't speak polish on / r/europe ? 
  i do n't know , i do n't feel like i 've ever experienced this . 
  you occasionally hear people who bash romanians because they do n't really get the difference between romas and romanians maybe , but i do n't think i 've ever seen this with slavs in general . 
  maybe because we do n't have a lot of them . 
  is there another country where poles are hated like this ? 
  it 's really surprising to me . 
  salut chris . 
  this is n't the same thing at all come on . 
  first , this percentage is given for everybody , not for the two categories that replied it was caused by human activity or not , so it 's hard to deduce anything from it . 
  second , the question is idiotic , * everybody * knows `` something '' about global warming , i.e. 
  that it 's happening ... 
  if you really think anyone ( or even the majority of people ) who answers they know `` something '' about climate change ( i.e. 
  it 's happening ) but does n't answer that they have a clear opinion that it 's caused by humans is a denier , i do n't know what to tell you . 
  i feel like this is what anyone who does n't care about the subject would reply . 
  edit : grammar . 
  i 'm not really convinced by these numbers . 
  i would be more convinced by the % of people saying it 's not caused by human activity . 
  for all we know , you have 63 % of the people in france who answer it 's caused by human activity and 37 % of the people who answer they do n't know enough about science / the subject to answer the question / have an opinion about it ( which is n't a bad thing ) , whereas in the us you have 49 % of the people who answer it 's caused by human activity , 50 % who say they 're dead sure it 's not , and 1 % who do n't know . 
  which is why using a poll that does n't ask the question you 're interested in , only the * opposite * question , is a fallacy in itself . 
  pretty sure if you asked my grandmother she would n't have a clue , because she is n't interested in these things . 
  does n't mean she 's a climate change denier . 
  i was just talking about playing this game where you say stuff on reddit and get downvoted . 
  in / r/france 's case , it probably is n't shills though . 
  i doubt m\u00e9lenchon has any money to give them . 
   that being said , it misses the point . 
  trump , and i assume sarkozy , is n't making a statement about science or even policy . 
  they 're signaling membership in a group , so that that group trusts 'em and knows to vote for them . 
  nah , this group does n't even exist in france ( or if it does , it 's a tiny minority ) . 
  never met a climate change denier or even heard of them ... our far-right cares much more about banning burqas and burkinis ( which far-right people in the us probably do n't want , different context/cultures ) . 
  he 's just trying to copy trump and the republican party as much as he can , completely oblivious to the fact that he does n't have trump 's charisma and completely missing that the context is n't the same at all . 
  pretty sure anyone who does n't spend time on the english-speaking part of the internet in france is more confused by the stuff he says than anything ... 
  i 've been waiting for optical fiber for so long , i 'll believe it when i see it . 
  i wonder how you can read my comment and think i 'm defending the conspiracy and not the opposite . 
   it 's a fun game if you 're not afraid to be massively downvoted . 
  when i want this i just say right-wing things on / r/france . 
  well if monsanto is a shareholder in reddit and what redditors say is true , monsanto must be controlling their image on reddit by gaming the system . 
  they must really , really suck at it . 
  to be fair , in this case , they had built only one and it was 28 years ago . 
  without this , chances are they would never have built another one again and the technology would have been completely lost ... 
  so my girlfriend is polish and we went to a polish wedding last month . 
  is this in the outskirts of krakow ? 
  it looks like it could be the same place . 
  not to mention if you do n't do this , regions end up having insanely long names . 
  you ca n't just keep midi-pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es-languedoc-roussillon , ffs . 
  my region 's name is provence-alpes-c\u00f4te-d'azur and i really think they should shorten the name even if it 's less precise and the part i 'm from ( c\u00f4te d'azur ) is n't explicitly stated . 
  just call it provence or something i do n't care . 
  [ these are the original names of the new regions . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ke9gkws.png ) they are so long it 's not even remotely practical . 
  and any attempt to shorten them ends up with some people complaining . 
  i 'm sure the internet will try to frame this as france oppressing regional languages or similar bullshit though . 
  i mean , you 're not downvoted to oblivion . 
  there is some progress i guess . 
   for my experience a lot of french people actually enjoy the fact that a stranger is trying to speak in french . 
  yeah i really do n't get this stereotype ... undeserved imo . 
  although when i see all the french bashing from foreigners in this thread maybe i 'll start reacting like this . 
  what 's the point , whatever we do people prefer clinging to dumb stereotypes and confirmation bias . 
   that would be racist / s. 
  you joke , but that 's basically what it is . 
  there are very powerful associations and lobbies protecting them . 
  they would twist anything they can to get a media backslash , and the government does n't want that . 
  reddit is weird . 
  the relationship between france and the uk is far from terrible . 
  all of this is based on agreements between france and the uk ( accords du touquet ) . 
  brits are paying a lot for calais . 
  both countries are satisfied with the agreements , and no french government has ever challenged them ( candidates for the next election claim they will but in practice they wo n't once in power , like always ) . 
  i feel like most of these comments are based on uninformed people thinking `` omg omg france and the uk rivals forever omg '' . 
  edit : grammar, 
  because there is an `` o '' ? 
  i do n't really find that convincing but ok . 
  hm ... how so ? 
  you realize faux is pronounced `` fo '' in french right ? 
  because it 's too common . 
  we have faux in french , which still means sickle , like falx in latin . 
  til i took the world 's longest , nonstop domestic flight . 
  i do n't get it .
