  is gibraltar of any strategic value nowadays ? 
  is it still where more people cross the mediterranean ? 
  do they get a lot of money from tolls ? 
  or is all of this just symbolic ? 
  22 \u00b0 c today in the south of france , very sunny too . 
  i feel closer to the bottom pic than the top pic . 
  why is it snowing in poland so early anyway ? 
  wtf , here in the south of france , it feels like summer never stopped . 
  it 's been sunny almost every day in september/october , and i still use air conditioning in my car and at work . 
  i assumed it was also crazy warm in the rest of the continent ? 
  that * a majority * of them were ? 
  i feel like if the media mentioned this , they did n't talk about it much . 
  i thought they were saying only one or two went through these routes . 
  yeah i do n't really pay attention to football . 
  i had to google them . 
  you know french people better than me . 
  oh well , being french i can only agree . 
  i thought it was only italians . 
  damn stereotypes . 
  i 'm really confused . 
  why is / r/europe full of mexico post and mexicans these days ? 
  that does n't sound like an exaggeration at all . 
  how much would your average it engineer earn in the czech republic ? 
  prague is cute as fuck , but i suspect wages are n't great . 
   people with immunity have been expelled or prosecuted before . 
  do you really think something will happen to her ? 
  you really do n't seem to know how these things work in france . 
  this has happened days ago , and only her bodyguard has been questioned by the police , not her . 
  nothing will happen to her , just like nothing happened to [ others ] ( http://www.vanityfair.com/style/2015/04/saudi-princess-maha-paris-shopping-scandal ) . 
   and even if what you 're saying is true , the nature of democracy is that you can : 1 . 
  contact your representative with your concerns , or 2 . 
  vote for a party that shares your concerns , or 3 . 
  form a new party built around your concerns do you really think a government that protects a higher class of people who can beat up the lower class at will is a functioning democracy ? 
  you can also tell people in syria to send harshly worded letters to assad if they see their government being unfair , they call themselves a democracy too after all . 
  we 've had plenty of republics that required citizens taking up fighting to get rid of this kind of crap . 
  just because your government calls itself a democracy does n't mean you are doing the right thing by being a slacktivist who sends letters instead of fighting for your rights . 
  here is the thing though , if i get accused of something , the police will go after me . 
  in her case , they wo n't . 
  i 'm not advocating citizens taking justice into their own hands for everything , but this is a specific case where someone is above the law and our government will make sure nothing will happen to her . 
  in this case then yes , citizens should take justice in their own hands . 
  you 're being very cowardly to defend her and argue doing nothing , by equating this with using mob justice for every crime . 
  other cases do n't need mob justice because there are very , very few people that the government protects like saudi royals . 
  this is n't the first time this happens , it 's pretty common in france . 
  from a saudi `` princess '' who was stealing thousands from luxury stores and hotels , to a saudi `` prince '' who took a whole public beach for himself . 
  this has to stop , and if our government does n't , then the citizens should . 
  yep , some murders are definitely justified . 
  she dies or get severely beaten up , saudis know they ca n't do that shit in france in all impunity , there are a few people arrested but they get released because it 's impossible to really know who did what . 
  still a much better outcome than what is happening now , i.e. , the police doing absolutely nothing . 
  i still find it fucking annoying that they talk about a `` princess '' instead of giving her name like they would for anybody else . 
  give us her name so that we can find out where she lives , go there with a mob and lynch her . 
  i ca n't believe we will be stuck with this dumb name forever . 
  what will kids think when they look up the etymology in 100 years ? 
  newspapers like the telegraph and the guardian insist so much on flattering england and bashing france that they sound like complete stereotypes sometimes . 
  i 'd like to see this for the number of syllables . 
  it feels like french is basically italian or spanish where you just always drop the last syllable . 
  we have plenty of silent letters though . 
  yep , i remember when he was getting tons of votes in the time person of the year poll . 
  so ... why did we take so many of them ? 
   however , the photos do n't capture the `` drapy '' movements and dances and it is quite the experience to see something so large move so quickly sometimes . 
  if only we had some sort of device that would make it possible to record moving images ... 
   i hate this in-between-period , because i 'm freezing and ca n't switch on the heating . 
  whaaaaat . 
  i used air conditioning all day . 
  dinner at 6pm ?? 
  i would n't even call that dinner . 
  interesting , i did n't know ireland and france were so different . 
  when do you have dinner ? 
  10 pm sounds pretty normal to me if you eat out for instance . 
  lmao, 
   strange to see how limited we are in imagining things by our present and upbringing . 
  even when you try to let your imagination run wild it remains firmly rooted in your experiences . 
  oh come on . 
  each time this gets reposted , people say something like this . 
  you have to keep in mind these were pictures given out for free with chocolate and targeted at kids . 
  it 's a bit like if kellogg 's made a silly `` people from the future '' series of toys that they put in cereal boxes , and that people 100 years from now had a look at them and though `` man , people were stupid back then , their predictions were way off ! '' ... 
  these were n't meant to be serious in any way . 
  they were just fun drawings some company made for kids . 
  latitude ? 
  have you been to / r/france ? 
  i 'd say 90 % of the people there are left of the socialist party , it 's pretty insane . 
  there is n't a thread with numerous people using karl marx or hammer-and-sickle avatars . 
  all they do all day is bash the * loi travail * because it gives a little more flexibility to the job market . 
  any comment that is to the right of m\u00e9lenchon gets downvoted to oblivion . 
  so i 'd say an overwhelming majority . 
  on / r/france at least , i guess a lot of french people avoid posting there given how it 's become a communist/anarchist sub these days . 
  take what he 's saying with a grain of salt . 
  most french people on reddit and / r/france are very left-wing ( as in , they think our current socialist government is composed of evil capitalists ) . 
  in the next elections , we will most certainly elect a right-wing president , as is usually the case in recent history ( chirac and sarkozy were , hollande only got elected because people hated sarkozy ) . 
  so when lukior tells you people dislike the eu because it 's too liberal , it 's more his own opinion than anything . 
  if you have doubts about his political opinions , he often posts on / r/seddit ... 
  i 'll let you check the subreddit . 
  anyway , yes , a lot of people dislike the eu in france . 
  not necessarily because it 's too liberal though . 
  is it a lot though ? 
  is n't all of europe full of castles and forts ? 
  just look at the size of wikipedia lists : https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/liste_de_forts,_fortifications,_citadelles_et_places_fortes_en_france https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/liste_des_ch%c3%a2teaux_fran%c3%a7ais_par_p%c3%a9riode we need a map of castles and forts per square meter for all european countries . 
  i mean , i guess you still need trucks to deliver supplies to restaurants and shops ? 
  i was thinking of this : http://www.citylab.com/commute/2016/04/paris-introduces-car-free-sundays/480609/ but maybe it has n't been implemented ? 
  it 's only for one day each month . 
  these protests about the * loi travail * are getting out of hand .
