  but i mean , there is n't much we can do about that now , can we ? 
  well ... would n't regional languages be * ours * too if they were actually spoken ? 
   that has a tendency to happen in countries that are deliberately trying to eradicate minority languages , something the french government still is . 
  honestly i think this is complete paranoia . 
  the french government did that in the 19th century , but nowadays they 're just not doing anything because there the demand from the french people is just * not there . 
  *  besides , how would you know if someone you met spoke breton , basque or alsatian at home ? 
  is that a question you ask every single person you meet ? 
  believe it or not , when you talk with a lot of people people every day for 30 years , everything ends up coming up in the conversation . 
  for instance , i have met way , way less italians than french people , and yet i 've met many of them who can speak regional languages . 
  yet no french people , other than a few bretons who learned a bit of breton at school , which is kinda artificial . 
   they are straight out of the mouth of jacques chirac . 
  having found the quote , it 's from the conseil constitutionnel replying to jacques chirac , and you took that completely out of context . 
  they were saying that passing a law to protect regional languages goes against the `` principes constitutionnels d'indivisibilit\u00e9 de la r\u00e9publique '' in the french constitution , i.e. , that the french constitution would need to be revised to pass a law that protects regional languages , it was n't a personal statement . 
  ridiculous misinformation . 
   what ... ? 
  it is the state 's job to act in the best interest if its citizens , even if they are n't holding mass demonstrations . 
  pay attention and you will see a lot of stuff is done , not necessarily because the citizens demand it en masse . 
   does french 's government do not except when people demonstrate ? 
  as far as i know your government works all year long , mostly on stuff people are n't massively demonstrating for ? 
  or am i wrong and does it sit on its ass most time of the year until a big demonstration happens to come along ? 
  i did n't say `` massively '' . 
  honestly i do n't think the french government would be opposed to preserve regional language if the demand was there , i think it 's complete paranoia and stereotypes from people who do n't live here . 
  on the contrary , they 'd probably be happy to be able to do a reform that is easier than fixing the economy . 
  the demand just * is n't there * . 
  nobody asks for language preservation in france because meeting speakers of regional languages is just so rare that it has never happened to me in 30 years living in various places in france , and it does n't seem that the few remaining speakers are demanding anything . 
  it seems to me that the only people who are outraged about this seem to be foreigners who think regional languages in france are like in , say , italy , where you actually commonly meet people whose native language is a regional language . 
   same goes for all minorities . 
  but we are way beyond a minority here , which is what i do n't really think you understand . 
  there are probably way more speakers of arabic or italian than there are native speakers of regional languages in france . 
  what do you plan we do ? 
  teach kids about languages that have n't been natively spoken by anyone they 'll ever meet , in an attempt to `` preserve '' languages ? 
  do you really think you can recreate a culture artificially like that ? 
  do you really think local people * want * that ? 
   you can try and skirt around it as much as you like , but many people in france do in fact speak regional regional languages i just think having lived 30 years in france in multiple places i 'd have at least met someone who could speak them natively . 
  all i 've met so far was some people who could speak a bit of breton but only because they 've learned it at school . 
  have you ever lived in france even ? 
   if the languages were as irrelevant as you claim , opponents of giving them official recognition would n't be making arguments about how doing so would threaten `` the indivisibility of the republic '' or `` the unity of the french people '' . 
  i have never ever heard such a thing . 
  what kind of argument is that , unsourced quotes that you use as if they were things that were commonly said ? 
  hm , downvoted blogspam . 
  i mean , some people probably think that but the stereotype is greatly exaggerated in my opinion . 
  also , if you read the blog post , the guy argues that the eu should use national languages in general , not just french . 
   also please remember this discussion next time a french complains about the eu only using english . 
  thank you . 
  have you ever seen a discussion like that on reddit or is it a stereotype ? 
   yes , and you decide when that time has arrived , instead of the people that actually speak those languages ? 
  well if i saw significant protests and activism by these people in france ( do they really exist ? 
  in my region i highly doubt it , there might still be some bretons/corsicans though ) i would think they have a point , but so far all i see is foreigners on reddit who do n't really seem to know the situation in france and whose point seem more to bash the french out of general dislike of the country than anything . 
  your point being ? 
  that the french govenment of the 19th century made mistakes ? 
  do you want us to learn `` regional '' languages nobody has been speaking for 100 + years at school ? 
  would n't that be completely artificial ? 
  dude my four grandparents were born in my small town in southern france and neither of them could speak a regional language either . 
  at some point it 's just time to let go ? 
  are we going to try to save old french too ? 
  i only ever hear foreigners complain about this . 
  i think it 's because they do n't realize that in contrast with a lot of other european countries , very very few people actually speak regional languages in france and that the numbers found online are generally huge overestimates . 
  if we cared we 'd pass laws to protect them , but as it is , for most of them , it would make as much sense as passing laws for protecting latin . 
  source : from southern france , never met an occitan speaker in my life . 
  more likely prediction : this is sensationalized news , and it is actually either a law that wo n't force google to publish anything at all , or a law that wo n't pass ... 
  the french media is n't even reporting this . 
  dude it 's a cake that contains * suet * and you basically let the damn thing rot ( `` age '' ) for months ... 
  i doubt there is anything more terrifying in british cuisine . 
  yes of course because in france coffee shops are inexistant . 
  there are tons of starbucks in paris too , mcdonald 's launched the mccaf\u00e9 to compete with them and honestly they 're doing well , because the coffee is n't bad and it is * much , much cheaper * than at starbucks . 
  the idea is not to hang out at mcdonald 's though , it 's for take away . 
  the mcdonald 's restaurants are usually kinda gross . 
  who socializes for two hours at mcdonald 's ? 
  i completely disagree . 
  mcdonald 's is for quick lunches in france too . 
   i did n't assume , your comment made it readily apparent . 
  no it did n't , especially since you 're completely wrong about it . 
   given that i boycott turkish products and attend several initiatives to pressure turkey on its stance , i would say i 'm not silent . 
  here we go , your bias makes you think i do n't think the armenian genocide was a genocide when it 's absolutely not my point . 
  my point is that governments should n't officially acknowledge or not historical facts . 
  governments do n't do that for anything other than genocide , why should they for genocides ? 
   and i 'm not sure what your question even means . 
  do i think turkey adopting denial as a state policy is bad ? 
  well , does n't everyone ? 
  well my point is that i think neither turkey or denmark should take a stance on this , because doing so is motivated by politics , not anything else . 
  you do n't seem to understand that , completely disregard that i find turkey taking a stance is a bad thing too , only look at the fact that i said that denmark should n't take a stance , and get all like `` omg holocaust denier '' ... 
  when it 's the opposite of what i think and not my point at all . 
  reading comprehension fail . 
   it 's been the denial of historical facts by the state of turkey that has pushed many to seek political recognition . 
  if you are not aware of the condition of the debate or the scholarship , why make a comment such as this . 
  i 'm perfectly aware of all this , thank you very much , it 's a bit arrogant to assume i 'm not . 
  you seem very happy that the dutch parliament officially recognized the armenian genocide , but you are oddly silent about turkey doing the opposite and proclaiming that it did n't happen . 
  do you still think it 's a good thing then ? 
  let historians look at the facts and say what is true or false . 
  no need to have a parliament recognizing these things . 
  why would n't prussia be blue though ? 
  am i the only one who thinks politicians deciding what is officially true or false in history is a bad idea ? 
  i thought it was a joke because it happened in africa and saying `` pas probl\u00e8me '' or `` ya pas probl\u00e8me '' is common in some former french african colonies ? 
  but since nobody seems to have understood it that way i 'm really confused now . 
  i usually sleep around 8 hours a night . 
  if one night i sleep 7 hours maybe i 'll feel a bit more tired that morning ... 
  but typically , since my job is n't a 9-5 job , i do n't use an alarm clock and i 'll probably just sleep in a bit more that 's it . 
  since depending when i go to bed and what i have to do i sometimes sleep for 10 hours and sometimes for 5 hours , i do n't really see why i would notice sleeping one hour less one night . 
  dude a * one hour difference * ? 
  i mean , i keep going from france to the west coast , so my biorhythm gets fucked up a bit for a few days when i have to deal with a 9-hour jet lag , but sleeping one hour more or less one night a year ?
