  yeah , the hand is a dead giveaway . 
   more expensive , less tasty , slower service than a normal sandwich at the corner bakery well that 's just , like , your opinion man . 
  i personally think your average baguette sandwich in french bakeries tastes like utter shit . 
  i 'd rather have a big mac for sure ... 
  honestly i think the two dudes were just saying random bullshit to flirt . 
  and the aunt just made a random comment on clothes . 
  nothing out of the ordinary . 
  damn, 
  i may be weird , but i like waterzooie . 
  do n't judge me, 
  i 'm pretty sure putin recognizes that russia is independent . 
  is that a post from the russian secret services trying to annex eastern moldova by creating pro-russian militias or some shit, 
  i 'm really not surprised , france really is very centralized . 
  and i 'm from nice . 
  i think foreigners really do n't get it when we say that the headscarf and burqa laws are n't against muslims , and they are here to protect la\u00efcit\u00e9 and women 's rights . 
  france has always restricted the power of religions in the name of la\u00efcit\u00e9 , not just islam . 
  sadly , foreign media gets all like `` omfg france hates muslims hurr durr '' without even trying to understand that la\u00efcit\u00e9 to us is like freedom to americans . 
  uh , where else would ukraine be ? 
  and they wanted the us to invade ? 
  well the previous one was gay ... 
  which is probably more surprising ? 
   no , he criticized us because we have opinion about something without consulting him . 
  your opinion was fighting an illegal and immoral war against the opinion of your closest allies , and you did it behind their back because you bent to americans like complete pussies . 
  and you 're talking about who can count on whom ? 
  ridiculous . 
   no we will never stfu so you can do your dirty business . 
  sounds like you do stfu actually ... never heard any of you guys complain until today . 
  and your evidence is ? 
  jacques chirac criticizing the fact that you joined the iraq war following americans without having consulted your german and french allies who were opposed to it ? 
  how is that related to helping you in time of need ? 
  so if it 's not about iraq , you just made that up completely ? 
  why would n't it be the french who help you ? 
  you 're not making sense . 
   i think that this `` they missed a great opportunity to shut up . 
  ( jack chirac ) '' is paying dividends after all those years . 
  no , we do not forget . 
  so you guys think it 's good you joined the iraq war even though there were no wmd ? 
  jacques chirac was really right in saying that . 
  if your real allies are warmongerers and you 're proud of it , then go for it , but do n't blame france . 
  paranoia much ? 
  i 'm sorry i think i 'm in the wrong place , where is former ridiculous guys anonymous ? 
  i sort of fucked up during some war 75 years ago ... 
  one city out of 36,000 . 
  it honestly is n't that insane . 
  i was n't being sarcastic at all , i already find it very unlikely that they 'd try to annex parts of baltic countries , but finland ? 
  i have n't heard anyone even say anything about that and that general out of nowhere seems to assume people think russia might invade finland ... 
  it does n't make any sense . 
  especially finland , i mean , wtf ? 
  that 's pure paranoia . 
  i 'm talking about what they show on french news channels , not the stock picture of that article ... 
  i do n't get it honestly . 
  they show pictures of paris all full of smog but it is n't at all what i see through my window . 
  certainly not , especially if it were something like corsicans wishing independence and voting for it . 
  are you against the self-determination of peoples ? 
  if the local governments had invited a foreign army it would n't have been justified , but if de gaulle had it would n't have been more justified either . 
  both are wrong . 
  and yet somehow it is legitimate when it 's a temporary ukrainian government that was n't democratically elected ? 
   yes , but one group is probably there with the permission of the ukrainian government and one group probably is n't . 
  we have no evidence of that , whereas the russians are in crimea with the permission of the crimean parliament ... 
  hm to be fair , those `` not intervening '' americans have state-of-the-art electronic warfare equipment hovering the area ... 
  nah , we all use public transportation on a daily basis in paris , and our cars once in a while when needed . 
  it really is n't seen as `` prestigious '' to own a car imo . 
  the thing is , [ paris has a crazy population density ] ( http://uthmag.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/the-worlds-population-concentrated-city.png ) , so that is still a lot of cars . 
  well ... all of this is true ? 
  well i 've lived in nice for 20 years , and in paris for almost 10 now . 
  i completely disagree that people are more rude in paris ... 
  i really do n't get that . 
  french stereotypes are such bullshit and so random anyways . 
  french women not shaving their armpits , really ? 
  i think foreigners need to sleep with more french women if they really believe that . 
  as for the french being rude/arrogant/assholes , i 've lived in enough countries to know that it 's complete bullshit . 
  pretty sure confirmation bias plays a huge role in this , i 've heard lots of foreigners swear that the french like crazy , [ even though statistical evidence shows that it is n't true at all ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_cigarette_consumption_per_capita ) ... 
  but people visiting a country with preconceived prejudices will usually convince themselves that they are true . 
   if you see xx.xx ( . xxxx ) it 's pretty certain it 's dd.mm . 
  because you 're german ... 
  pretty sure that to a lot of us it does n't mean anything . 
  i mean , sure , since dots are only used in germany and a few northern european countries ( it seems ? 
  ) , an expert on date formats who knows that dots are used in these countries only could deduce that it 's an european format and not american , but in practice , for most people from countries that do n't use dots it just looks weird and does n't convey any information ... plus it only works in one direction , if you see a date with slashes it could be either dd/mm/yyyy or mm/dd/yyyy since half ( ? ), 
  of europe uses slashes ... 
  this probably measures more patriotism/arrogance/how proud you are of the place you 're from/optimism than actual quality of life ... 
   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/date_format_by_country according to this , it 's specific to germany ... 
  slashes are used in france , italy , spain the uk , etc. 
  i 'm not sure why taenk seems to think using dots for dd/mm/yyyy is an international standard . 
  french here , same . 
  who the hell uses dots and hyphens in dates ? 
  wtf , nobody uses dd.mm.yyyy with periods , it 's always slashes . 
  at least here . 
  and nazis . 
  there has aslo been massacres from nazis that were not ordered from above , like in [ oradour-sur-glane ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oradour-sur-glane ) . 
  and yet i doubt nazis were spoon-fed propaganda that told them to hate the french at that point of the war ? 
  it 's hard to deduce anything from random events like those . 
  i just had a meatball marinara from subway ... do n't judge me . 
  to be fair the us can maybe react faster ... 
  but did they really do more than the eu in this crisis ? 
  brb , calling putin . 
  that 's the first thing i saw . 
  what did you see ? 
  we also fund dassault . 
  i do n't think it was , from what i remember that protest was anything but massive ... we have n't heard a lot about m\u00e9lenchon since . 
  you think that 's bad ?
