  it was an obvious suicidal move , even back then . 
  if samsung collapsed , south korea would be way more screwed than finland . 
  but this is very unlikely because samsung is way more diversified . 
  yeah but dell was n't created by the irish . 
  ireland is cheating , using low taxes to attract all multinationals and screwing over the rest of the eu , then bragging about their growth . 
  fair enough , then in this care we should just leave the falklands to argentina , and screw britain . 
  i really do n't think any of this is relevant . 
  the falklands war was an embarrassment for all parties involved anyway . 
  probably yes . 
  i mean , if the union is too weak that people feel this should n't be the case , then we should disband it entirely . 
  i do n't really buy that one . 
  do you really think any federation of states is exactly like any other federation of states ? 
  this is as stupid as saying that australia will turn into a dictatorship , because it 's a country , just like north korea . 
  come on . 
  yugoslavia was n't remotely like the eu . 
  well , no ? 
  you sound pretty paranoid . 
  we 're less crazy than southern slavs , it will be alright . 
  why is everybody saying this in this thread ? 
  would n't the uk * want * a eu army ? 
  it would allow them to spend way less on their own army . 
  since for now it 's france and the uk doing all the spending for everybody else . 
   ah yes , the schizophrenia of the electorate . 
   56 % ( median ) want to deal with their own problems and let everyone else deal with theirs , but 74 % ( median ) want the eu to play a more active role in world affairs ... 
  i do n't think this is schizophrenic at all , i think you misunderstand . 
  people do n't want the eu to give money to other eu countries with budget deficit issues , but they want the eu to make fast decisions when it comes to the eu vs. the rest of the world , like in the case of the migrant crisis for instance , or when it cames to deciding to use sanctions against russia . 
  i think the two are not contradictory at all , and i 'm not surprised this is the majority opinion . 
  maybe the feel like they 'll need more help from the eu soon so they think the eu should be more about helping in general so that when their time comes they are n't screwed . 
  or maybe i 'm too cynical . 
  dude the american said big . 
  he 's from a huge country . 
  you do n't get to discuss . 
   at this point , he ca n't really fall much lower . 
  i mean , if you 're still supporting him in 2016 , nothing will ever change your mind . 
  people were saying the exact same thing about sarkozy and i 'm willing to bed they 'll say the same thing about the next one , whoever he is . 
  in times of crisis , everybody hates the president , whatever he does . 
  and the explanation to that is ... that the branches of the tree merge together . 
  because we always end up marrying cousins . 
  from what i understand , they can refuse access to most of the beach , you can only access a narrow strip right next to the sea ? 
  most of the beach is still theirs ? 
  i do n't really see how a narrow walkway changes anything . 
  i 'm also a bit confused about the renting thing . 
  i mean , in cannes or juan-les-pins the same restaurants/bars have been owning the same beaches since i was a kid ? 
  does it just mean that you can access the beach in the winter when they 're closed ? 
  ( and when nobody wants to go there ? ), 
  oh come on . 
  in practice , nobody who did n't pay goes there . 
  plus , it seems to me that all you article says is that pedestrians can cross the beach on a 3 to 5 meter-wide strip right next to the sea . 
  technically , you * could * set yourself up there ( on the 3-5 meter strip ) but who lies just in front on a private beach , right next to the sea ( so close you 'd probably get wet , even ) ? 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/c4r51ca.jpg ) i mean , we have lots of middle-class people in the french riviera , but the east of nice ( inside the city , not suburbs ) is a complete ghetto . 
  what are you guys on ? 
  go to juan-les-pins or cannes , 80 % of the seaside is private beaches . 
  source : born and raised in the french riviera . 
  it 's already the case in public schools . 
  and even christian schools in most other countries than the us teach evolution , do n't teach that women should obey men , etc. 
  nobody actually follows everything that 's written in the bible , even fundamentalist christians . 
  otherwise you 'd have to stone people for wearing different kinds of cloths together , and other silly things . 
  it 's all a question of which things from the bible people deem reasonable enough that they will follow them . 
  i would n't say teaching children that women should obey men is reasonable . 
  but what do i know , i 'm from a country where when you meet the occasional christian they wo n't follow what the pope says because they find it extreme ( not using condoms etc ) . 
  the us is a very different world . 
  this obviously is the answer , and it would n't cost anything . 
  unfortunately my fellow countrymen are pretty retarded and will strike at the first opportunity , thinking more left-wing politics is the solution . 
  it 's sad really . 
  come on , we 've been `` tackling '' this idea non-stop for the last 30 years with zero results . 
  this is n't true at all , at least not in france . 
  the `` hate speech '' laws are very subjective , and comedians get sued and fined waaaaaaaay more than 40 years ago , for the most random things these days . 
  it is n't like people find them less funny , far from it . 
  not really , no . 
  at least not in france . 
  it 's getting worse these days though . 
  stand-up comedians ca n't joke about the things they joked about 40 years ago anymore . 
  yeah but only americans are crazy enough to buy gold . 
  it 's not like this happens every week though , and his carreer was destroyed by this . 
  i do n't think saying that `` the government '' is the `` biggest tax dodger '' makes any sense . 
  nobody mentioned that . 
  i 'm talking about economic sanctions here , not about your strawman . 
  threatening populations to use sanctions in order to force them to vote for something they do n't believe in is part of the exact same process , come on . 
  these kinds of completely unfair and unjustified methods happen at the national level as well as the eu level . 
  there are many other examples . 
  the way the media is controlled and biased also has a major impact . 
  combined together , they prevent populations from electing the people they want . 
  oh he 'll do it . 
  indirectly , but he will . 
  this is already what is happening everywhere . 
  in france , the system is designed so that even when the fn gets 25 + % of the vote , only a handful of fn officials actually get elected . 
  no proportional representation at all . 
  either you accept millions of refugees , or you want to gas jews , there is no alternative . 
  it 's well known . 
  if the far-right gets democratically elected , and junker remove them from power , replacing them by a more moderate party , is n't that a coup in itself ? 
  well , maybe sometimes they think it 's bad . 
  but it 's politically incorrect to express it . 
  so they never say it because they 're afraid of being outcasts . 
  in the end they convince themselves that it 's not that bad to fit in . 
  human reactions are funny like that . 
  i personally think that there are many things to criticize in the eu , but it does n't mean that this quote from sarkozy should n't be taken with a grain of salt . 
  i 'm sure you do n't see it in british news , but in french news , every week or so you have a new `` shocking '' quote from sarkozy who tries to become relevant again . 
  we 're just used to disregarding them . 
  if you want to criticize the eu go for it , and i 'll probably agree with a lot of it . 
  but it should n't be based on whatever sarkozy is saying these days .
