  they purposely throw away their passports and lie so that they ca n't be sent back though ... 
  so what do you have left , the accent and the appearance ? 
  guessing where they 're from based on that would n't exactly be politically correct . 
   i do n't think there is any easy solution , but should we let people die or die trying to reach a place with less misery just because they were unfortunate to be born on the wrong side of a border ? 
  well not only them live in `` deep shit '' , most people where they come from do . 
  so should we let in only the ones from the boats because they were reckless enough to attempt to cross the sea ? 
  well fwiw my family is from corsica and i have a corsican name but i never felt italian for sure . 
  wait , what , italians want corsica ? 
  it never even belonged to italy . 
  so basically the greeks had only two choices , both sucked , but it was somehow their own fault because of their `` society '' . 
  honestly , it sounds more like you were lucky to be born in germany and rationalize your privilege as your people being intrinsically superior . 
  they were not populist parties , they were standard generic social-democrat left-wing and right-wing parties . 
   however , the population needs to actually listen to them in order to be able to make an informed decision , instead of populists that promise sunshine and rainbows while creating a catastrophic situation behind the scenes . 
  this is exactly where the greek population fell short you say that as if the greek had elected populist governments for decades . 
  for decades before the crisis though , they alternated between pasok and new democracy , i.e. 
  the two big left-wing and right-wing parties , which is similar to what happened in most other eu countries . 
  who should they have voted for instead ? 
  okay well i think you overestimate the average european voter if you think they check an obscure metric such as the primary surplus vs. deficit to choose who they vote for . 
   no , greece got into a horrible spot because they amassed the most ridiculous debt relative to their income , something that would have ultimately collapsed on its own sooner or later . 
  the debt to gdp ratio of greece was similar to italy 's in 2008 ... 
  yeah except most european countries have elected government after government that spent more than they earned . 
  greece just happened to collapse first because it was poorer to begin with . 
  blaming this on the greek is ridiculous , it 's not like people cared about the deficit in any european country before the crisis . 
  if greece has n't been part of the eu , we would have gone on longer until portugal collapsed in the same way . 
  if neither greece or portugal were part of the eu , it would have been italy . 
  etc. . . 
  do you realize how low their salaries are , with grocery items being the same price as they are in western europe ? 
  people are struggling so much and they 're so desperate that they will vote extremist governments into power . 
  they 've resisted the temptation for years , and things have been worsening instead of improving , and it would take decades for them to improve . 
  so they try something new . 
  they know it wo n't work , but what do they have to lose ? 
  dude if you were born in greece , you would be the exact same person , you would n't be lazier , you would just be completely stuck and unable to make a decent living . 
  it 's easy from the outside to act like the greek are a bunch of lazy bastards because you were lucky enough to be born in the netherlands , but this is not how it works on the individual level . 
  when you are stuck in a poor country , lazy or not , it 's likely that you 'll be poor even if you work like crazy and there is n't much you can do ( other than moving , which does n't help the economy either ) . 
  tl ; dr : you 're richer and you convinced yourself that it 's because you have better intrinsic qualities , except it 's not . 
  it 's just luck and bashing people who were n't as lucky as you just makes you a douche . 
  edited for clarity . 
  hm we 'd say `` je n'ai rien fait \u00e0 personne '' in french too , which is the latter . 
  hmm . . [ fous ta cagoule ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ud_-aubmp6q ) ? 
  well switzerland is n't part of the eu ? 
  yeah i think it 's cultural because i do n't really get it . 
  i live in canada now ( vancouver ) after living in paris for a few years , and i really do n't find people more polite here ... 
  even though according to the stereotypes i supposedly went from the rudest to the most polite place on earth . 
  it 's weird to me that nobody in my building says `` hi '' or `` have a nice day '' to anyone here , same thing when you enter a shop . 
  people tend to throw a fit as soon as you do n't follow one rule even when it 's something inconsequential ( i once entered a bus by the back door because i was running , but i showed my valid bus pass and everything and the driver got all like `` step out out of the bus !!! '', 
  and would n't bulge , for instance ) . 
  i mean , waiters in bars tend to act like they 've known you for 10 years because they want a tip , but to be honest i find that more creepy than anything . 
  as for paris , maybe i 'm weird but i never really found people rude there , even though i 'm from southern france not from paris ... 
  i think a lot of foreigners think parisians are rude because when you 're in paris you 're used to not reply when random people talk to you in the street , since it 's usually hobos or romas asking for money ... 
  or maybe they detect location using language ? 
  i 'm really confused about this whole obsession with `` ethnicity '' in the balkans . 
  how do you tell apart white people from eastern europe ? 
  do they really think each tiny country has a very specific genetic markup ? 
   also , your democracy is fucked up if you first need to demand something before the government actually acts . 
  your democracy is fucked up if it acts doing things that its people do n't want . 
   which is why i asked . 
  fair enough . 
  apologies for my blunt reply , i 'm getting a bit defensive with all these people lecturing the french based on stereotypes without even trying to understand the issue . 
   but is it a non-issue because people do n't know or because people do n't care ? 
  or maybe a bit of both , the not knowing as a result of not caring ? 
  i 'm not judging here , it 's just that i 'm a student of languages so i 'm curious as to what the general perception towards these minority languages is . 
  okay let me tell you about my experience : it 's not that i do n't know or i do n't care , it 's just that it makes no sense to me . 
  first , we know . 
  i know that 200 years ago , people in my region spoke nissart or proven\u00e7al . 
  but it 's not my language , it 's not the language of my parents , it 's not the language of my grandparents , it 's not the language of anyone i 've known . 
  if you ask random people in france if they speak a local dialect , they will look at you google-eyed wondering what kind of strange question you 're asking : it makes about as much sense as asking the question to an american . 
  we all know that a long time ago people spoke dialects in france , but nowadays it 's so far in the past that `` defending '' the language would make no sense . 
  what connection can we feel with a dialect that we 've never even heard anyone speak in real life ? 
  it 's just not our culture anymore . 
  what are we going to do , teach it to teachers from books who will then teach it to kids ? 
  it will be completely artificial , you ca n't revive a culture like that . 
  now do we care ? 
  being sad that the dialects vanished makes as much sense as being resentful towards the german for the prussian invasion of 1870 , or being pissed off that the russians kicked napol\u00e9on 's ass in the early 19th century . 
  it 's a historical fact now , when you know nobody alive who spoke these languages , how can you have strong feelings about it ? 
  it 's just interesting history to me , just like when i learn about how indo-europeans replaced the first inhabitants of europe , etc. 
  i care because it 's interesting , but i do n't care in an emotional way , and above all , i do n't think artificially teaching the languages to kids can reverse history , and i do n't think we can force that on kids . 
  if it 's optional , i doubt a lot of kids would be interested in learning these languages because it would make as much sense to them as if you , a dutch person , learned nissart . 
  that 's what you do n't seem to get . 
  in france it 's a non-issue . 
  always the exact same picture in these threads . 
  trying a bit too hard . 
  yeah !, 
  damn dead politicians from the 19th century !, 
  let 's kick their asses !, 
  breton is already available in schools in brittany . 
  it 's not very popular though . 
  the fact that you compare our regional languages to catalan or irish just shows that you are delusional about how many speakers of regional languages we have . 
  completely different situation . 
  you 've had many answers but you just act like you do n't understand . 
  pretty childish . 
  well you 're completely out of your mind , then . 
  edit : nice ninja edit . 
  foreigners can have an opinion , but in this case i really just do n't think you understand the situation in france at all , and just simply refuse to believe what french people tell you here , thinking you can extrapolate how things are like in france based on your experience of some other european countries . 
  come live here for a while and you 'll probably change your mind . 
  what about `` french people should be able to decide about how to take care of their own culture , not some random swede '' ? 
   seriously , this is the first time i 've heard people complaining about regional languages disappearing , and it 's foreigners . 
  i know right ? 
  reddit is the only place where i ever hear people complain about this . 
  completely crazy . 
  sure , the french government really fucked up in the 19th century and early 20th century with vergonha etc.
