  for many months/years , he was polling at 10 % though . 
  only a few days before the ballot did things start to change . 
  well , are * you * retarded ? 
  * jupp\u00e9 already gave his speech conceding his defeat . 
  fillon already gave his speech saying he won . 
  * even when there is a < 5 % gap , changes after the first estimates are never enough to swap the result . 
  we 're talking about 40 % here . 
  dude . 
  dude it 's a 40 % gap . 
  weaker ? 
  on the contrary , fillon is bad news for le pen . 
  in all likeliness , he 'll be our next president . 
  no montcuq ? 
  i 'll keep complaining about american suburban houses for as long as i want , since they look nothing like this . 
  charlie hebdo is definitely left-wing . 
  not really , but i 'm pretty sure your family 's house in a beautiful village on an amazingly beautiful greek island is worth a lot more than a lot of these suburban wooden houses americans live in . 
  also americans like using loans for everything ( student loans etc. ) . 
  it 's not really something we do in europe , except for buying a house . 
  they 're emulating air france . 
  i have a feeling it will be considered to be unfunny and in bad taste by germans . 
  yeah , sorry but italian espressos  turkish coffee . 
  i do n't really think any of this is related . 
  i really do n't get these kinds of rants . 
  only foreigners seem to care about it . 
  i 'm from the south of france , where all of my family is from . 
  150-200 years ago each town had their own variation of occitan . 
  were we really culturally richer with 150 similar romance languages that all sound like a mix of italian / catalan / spanish / portuguese / french ? 
  the ones that survived are enough . 
  basque is different though , a completely different family , it 's important to preserve it . 
  i find it kind of sad to see so many countries that high . 
   do people even remember who mohamed merah was ? 
  i do n't think it 's a name most people can automatically remember as that terrorist . 
  maybe it 's because i 'm french but i feel like i 've been hearing this name over and over and over again since the attacks . 
  i think he meant among german politicians . 
   fuck the french well fuck you too . 
  in my experience , most people have no clue ubisoft is french . 
  same thing with airbus , nuclear plants , ubisoft , etc. 
  people think all we export is wine . 
  to be fair , finnish cities look very different from say , french cities . 
  they look much more modern . 
  while i agree , i think we can safely say that english is the language with the worst spellings and french comes second . 
   i fear we 're seeing a re-imported colonial view of heritage where we fetishize the neo-classical just because it provides a cosy but artificial sense of cultural legacy ... no ? 
  it just objectively looks better . 
  i live in france ... and they keep building residential buildings around my house . 
  tell that to the shitty residential buildings that they are building around my house . 
  it 's only in the south-west that people say that , sorry :p, 
  but i 'm from the south-east and we also do two kisses !, 
  the whole thing is very confusing . 
  i bet you also kiss people an odd number of times . 
  oh come on . 
  it was in the middle of nowhere . 
  except now we are decades/centuries later , so we can judge things with pretty good hindsight . 
  pre-haussmann buildings like you have in the marais look great . 
  haussmann buildings look just as good , maybe even better . 
  towers of concrete are still universally hated . 
  i have nothing again `` modern '' things , plenty of modern architects are great . 
  if you want to build miro or hundertwasser buildings everywhere i 'm all for it . 
  unfortunately , most apartment blocks these days are closer to le corbusier 's abominations . 
  except 100 years later it 's still obvious that hausmann buildings are beautiful while le corbusier 's concrete blocks look like shit . 
  people say they 'd kill hitler if they had a time machine . 
  i 'd kill le corbusier . 
  these are the most flattering pictures of cit\u00e9 radieuse ever . 
  guillotine ? 
   for a castle that is not even that old . 
  if you do n't preserve monuments that are `` only '' 150 years old , then in 150 years you wo n't have any monuments that are 300 years old . 
  yeah , he probably says chocolatine too , so he deserves it . 
  ( the picture was taken in toulouse . ), 
  i mean , plenty of monuments from the 19th century are of neo-renaissance or neo-gothic style , and they are still protected as `` monuments historiques '' , with many tourists visiting them . 
  i see nothing wrong with buildings that are inspired from older architectural styles , actually , i 'd be delighted if architects built new [ haussmann-style buildings ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/09/place-saint-georges.jpg ) instead of rectangular blocks . 
  who cares about the era things were built in if they look just as good ? 
  there is a reason why we have so many tourists while countries with modern cities tend to have a lot less . 
  older buildings objectively look better ( except things like skyscrapers , but those are a small % of buildings , 150 years ago most residential buildings were built with ornaments etc. 
  [ we have this though . 
  ] ( https://i.redd.it/2w5l0tp5tvqx.jpg ), 
  heh yeah i 'm the one who posted that castle in belgium . 
  crazy how many commenters were thinking it was perfectly fine to tear it down to replace it with a modern building that will `` actually be used '' though . 
  [ i think i was the first ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/circlejerk/comments/12o9ym/fuck_republicans_and_democrats_vote_for/ ) , but i failed . 
  i guess the title was n't witty enough . 
  i 'm going to assume it 's been created by redditors . 
  i like it too . 
  i do n't really get the hate for french cars , then again i 'm not really a cars person . 
  . co.uk `` news '' are 50 % french bashing , 40 % eu bashing and 10 % actual news . 
   at least we know english . 
  right , i 'm totally speaking french right now . 
   you refuse to learn it !, 
  that just is n't true , most people do n't learn it because they do n't need it at all in france , just like most americans do n't learn a foreign language because they never need it . 
  now , if you want to believe in your little prejudiced explanation because bashing the french makes you feel better , go ahead . 
   i should be happy about the abuse i get when i visit france for having a quebec accent . 
  right . 
  this totally happened . 
  and then you say it 's the french who think there 's a conspiracy against them ... 
  aww , so it 's a conspiracy against the great qu\u00e9bec empire ? 
  it 's very funny given how qu\u00e9becois act like nazis about their language . 
  saying that the french refuse to learn english is ridiculous coming from a french canadian , when people in qu\u00e9bec actually * refuse * to speak english to foreigners . 
  in france it 's merely that people suck at it because they 're never exposed to english , in qu\u00e9bec its nationalistic militantism with all of you guys speaking english given the constant exposure . 
  but go ahead with the france bashing , that seems to be a national hobby in qu\u00e9bec . 
  well , that explains it then . 
   typical french . 
  more proof of your xenophobia . 
  well the fact that they let biased , prejudiced people like you who are quick to resort to stereotypes work in the etasmus program is a bit scary in my opinion .
