these things always look so fragile . 
  look at its legs . 
  bah , paris is full of people from all of france . 
  i guess the evil south-westerners contaminated it to some extent . 
  well i 'm french so i 'm not really shocked by that :p, 
  make sure to remove all possible word inflexion to make it easy to learn by everybody . 
  it seems you have issues with reading comprehension . 
  statistically , it does . 
  there has only been a handful of infected white people so far and it usually makes the news . 
  did you even read what i wrote ? 
  chances are it was n't even a joke ... 
  dude , chill out . 
  for most people , fear of flying is some vague low anxiety they like to joke about . 
  not a phobia . 
  it 's not like he sneezed on random people and yelled `` i have ebola ! '' . 
  all we know is that he scratched the words `` attenzione ebola ! '', 
  on the lid of a coffee cup and threw it away , and somehow someone from the air personnel spotted it and triggered an emergency response ... now it could have been anything . 
  he could have been telling a story to his daughter to explain the ebola outbreak about the cute farm animals being afraid of the poor tiger who got ebola in the remote jungle of liberia , and made a `` warning ebola ! '', 
  sign with his coffee cup in the process of telling the story , but made sure to throw it away ... how could he guess that anyone would go through the trash and think two words scratched on the lid of a coffee cup is a legitimate ebola warning ? 
  i bet you 're fun at parties . 
  have n't you ever been in a plane and joked with your friend who 's afraid of flying that the plane is about to crash ? 
  well apparently if during the process anyone wrote something about a plane crashing somewhere and threw it away they can be told to pay thousands of euros if someone goes through the trash and sees it . 
  this is incredibly stupid , and no example should be set . 
  yes , because when real outbreaks of ebola happen , we find lots of ignored warnings on coffee cups in the trash . 
  better safe than sorry !, 
  yeah but come on . 
  2500 euro for a joke is a bit much . 
  plus it was a joke for his daughter , and they happened to see it , it 's not like he was trying to prank the air personel . 
  it 's not like he was a black man on a flight from liberia either . 
   they every single time i see a comment like that , it 's dclauzel . 
  please do n't generalize . 
  he comments a lot though . 
  nah , it 's only him . 
  he always does that , in every single thread . 
  i think he 's crazy . 
  well that reminds me of the french riviera . 
  russia 's gdp + ukraine 's gdp = 2.3 billion eu 's gdp = 17.5 billion , i.e. 
  more than 7x more usa 's gdp = 16.8 billion , i.e. 
  more than 7x more japan 's gdp = 7 billion , i.e. 
  more than 3x more even france would have a higher gdp . 
  hardly a superpower . 
  i have no idea wtf this thread is about . 
  it 's the qu\u00e9bec method . 
  could n't that argument be used for anything that is illegal ? 
  if you draw a comic strip with people killing each other , or make a war movie , then you make people think that murder is acceptable ? 
  why is pedophilia a special case ? 
   it 's an overcrowded , remote island ... overcrowded ? 
  when i was there i felt like it was mostly empty nature . 
  where do you live that you think r\u00e9union is overcrowded o_o, 
  yes . 
  if you live in a place where it does n't snow/rain much and houses typically have hard floors instead of carpeting , there is nothing wrong with keeping your shoes inside . 
  yes , generally latin europe drinks espresso , whereas germanic/nordic/anglo-saxon countries drink americanos . 
  the worst offense is when they serve it with milk or creamer -_-, 
  aww , love you too < 3 edit : i 'm actually baffled there is so little hate for france in all these maps . 
  to be fair these incidents sound very minor and not really related to dangerous parts of the plant ... 
  is it always `` soy and toilet paper '' ? 
  that sounds oddly random . 
  i did n't get his comment about transmeta ? 
  i 'm confused as to how russia is a war zone though . 
  [ meanwhile in the uk ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cfqp0h8.jpg ), 
  yes it 's awesome . 
  although i suspect the sun beams are photoshopped in . 
  you state your opinions like they are facts . 
  soon you 're going to tell me that the us is more `` free '' because people can own guns . 
  what next , countries that allow marriage rape are more `` free '' because they ban less things ? 
  a country that does n't ban murder would be the most `` free '' of all ? 
  right , it 's totally about not hurting people 's feelings and not preventing the rise of extremist movements ... 
  i mean , how can you complain about bias when you are a walking stereotype ? 
  but even the fact that you consider that allowing hate speech is `` more free '' is so biased ... 
  it sounds like you internalized it completely and do n't even notice it though . 
  `` freest '' , really ? 
  that did n't sound biased/prejudiced at all , for someone who complains about prejudice ... 
  to be fair ,  if something occurs in the us for example , that does not fit into the box of what is socially acceptable in europe , it is immediately attacked as being wrong . 
  this usually occurs when the free speech law in the us is exercised by people who hold view outside mainstream society . 
  now , most americans will agree with you on that what is being said is wrong , but will staunchly fight for the right to speak freely . 
  i would say the exact opposite is true about the rest of reddit . 
  i 've seen a lot of threads bash european laws against hate speech , or french/belgian laws about wearing burqas etc. 
  so does it really matter ? 
  on reddit , the majority opinion wins , and on / r/europe the majority opinion is a bit different because there are more europeans . 
  are you sure you just do n't notice it more here because , being american , your opinion is more in line with the majority of reddit 's users ? 
  it 's not like they 're predicting the weather . 
  apparently yes , according to google . 
  but i bet you could google any year and find one . 
  i 've lived through so many asteroids that were supposed to destroy the earth that i 'm a bit doubtful . 
  not stricly about europe , but i thought it was interesting to see that the relative part of europeans in the world will significantly decrease in the next decades . 
  [ not before a long time though . 
  ] ( http://passeurdesciences.blog.lemonde.fr/files/2014/09/sn-populationh.jpg ), 
  so , in flanders ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  maybe it was in flanders ? 
  that does n't mean they penalized homosexuality ... banning gay marriage does n't mean you put gay people in jail . 
  uhh no really it is n't the same thing at all . 
  the catholic church in italy actually owns * a lot * of real estate there for instance . 
  the vatican really has significant of power in the country . 
  and i think you overestimate the religiosity of spaniards . 
   putin needs us to buy his gas just as much as we need the gas . 
  well it 's not as symmetrical as you make it out to be . 
  russia can afford to not sell gas for one month or two , but it would be sufficient to cause havoc in europe . 
  hehe yeah , i 'm from nice actually . 
  each time we cross the border that 's what i think .
