  i 'm more surprised that their word sounds a bit like the armenian one . 
  in french we used to call beer cervoise , if you read ast\u00e9rix that 's how they call it . 
  although it 's not exactly the same thing from what i understand , other cereals were used than hops back then . 
  anyway , it 's interesting that we have a word that is close to the spanish/portuguese word . 
  han comme tu m ` as vol\u00e9 la vedette . 
  yeah , yeah . 
  what excuse will you find after it happens and the uk does n't collapse ? 
  / r/europe : take all news from granted based on the headline ... 
  except if it 's about brexit not hurting the uk as much as expected . 
  then it 's complete bullshit . 
  does it make sense when we import most of the stuff we use from countries that pollute a lot like china ? 
  basically , we outsourced our energy consumption and pat ourselves on the back . 
  not really . 
  a lot of these villages are virtually unknown outside of their d\u00e9partement . 
  for instance , i posted bouyon because it 's close to where i 'm from , but even people from here would never think of going there for tourism -- it 's just a random village in the mountains , there are hundreds of those . 
  i think what kunstfr meant is that living in a village is n't exactly great in modern times , because you either have to work very far away , or to work at the local supermarket/bakery ... 
  which is why they get more and more empty each year . 
  i did and my next phone wo n't be an iphone for sure . 
  that 's kind of a strawman . 
  they seemed to be really convinced that one of the reason ww1 was lost was that jews were plotting against germany during the war . 
  plenty of people who can write , speak , and sit on a chair believe similar conspiracy theories are true . 
  all of them are from france ? 
  ah damn , i think it 's se\u0301ve\u0301rac - le-cha \u0302teau ... 
  i 'll fix this later . 
  edit : done . 
  i thought london was the 5th biggest french city ? 
  you 're welcome :-), 
  i 'm surprised you did n't pick a place in brittany !, 
  well to be fair i think what we call paprika in french is what they call paprika in english so maybe it 's our fault . 
  and our bell peppers are poivrons !, 
  there are many more nice villages and towns indeed !, 
  [ on this thread on / r/france ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/france/comments/50gvxe/ces_derniers_mois_jai_post%c3%a9_de_nombreuses_images/ ) and [ this one ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/france/comments/4zt9nt/et_si_on_faisait_un_thread_o%c3%b9_on_poste_des_photos/ ) people are posting more pictures , for instance . 
  show us yvoire and samoens :-), 
   why are you using right wing imgur ? 
  well , i tried making an imgur album , but it was uploading all my images in random order . 
  sorting almost 200 images by hand would have taken me forever ... 
  [ yeah , it 's complete bullshit . 
  ] ( http://skeptics.stackexchange.com/questions/26503/do-african-countries-have-to-pay-a-colonial-tax-to-france ), 
   not really , it 's just the truth . 
  your prudish opinions from another time are the objective truth ? 
   now dress down so i can see that sweet , truly france-representing body . 
  ah yes , of course . 
  the real reason behind all this is that we all want to check out that sweet old arab body !, 
  on a beach where everybody else is mostly naked anyway ... go home , you 're drunk . 
  ah yes . 
  dressing down to how everybody else is dressed is creepy . 
  makes perfect sense . 
  i mean , there are many reasons to disagree with a burkini ban . 
  but disagreeing with it because it 's `` creepy '' is retarded . 
  bullies . 
  til france still has colonies . 
  that 's the thing though . 
  if you think it 's perversion we want you out . 
  pretty sure i 've seen topless women on the beach in cannes recently . 
  or do you mean like , downtown ? 
   generally countries interested a bit about their citizens will take them a reissue them their ids based on existing records . 
  this requires cooperation from the refugees . 
  but of course they do n't want to go back ... 
  so hm , what would you do with them . 
  gas chambers or something ? 
    they destroy their ids so that even their home country wo n't have them back . 
   well that 's not why they do n't want them back . 
  it 's because they do n't want them . 
  if the us can send planeloads of convicted criminals back to salvador or honduras i 'm sure the eu can bully/coerce/bribe somalia or nigeria a bit to take them . 
  well actually it seems to be exactly why they do n't want them back from what i 've read . 
  but who knows who we can believe . 
   french guiana has some much of importance with the spaceport but is big enough to not inconvenience anyone with a camp in the jungle . 
  are you suggesting we send calais migrants to a camp in the middle of the south american tropical forest ? 
  i mean , it 's probably a solution , but given that we get called nazis when we try to ban burkinis , i think if we tried doing that in 2016 we 'd get international sanctions or something similar . 
   the only question is what to do with them after you capture them . 
  are the french waiting for the favorable public opinion ? 
  this is n't a matter of opinion . 
  there is nothing you can do once you capture them . 
  they destroy their ids so that even their home country wo n't have them back . 
  no other country will . 
  if you fly them to some other place in the schengen area , they 'll come back . 
  there is just zero solution . 
  then it matters even less for france ... 
   the french goverment owns 55 % of eurostar while the uk does n't own any share in the company . 
  this argument makes zero sense . 
  do you really think the uk will bankrupt the eurostar and isolate itself from the rest of the eu ? 
  france would only lose easy access to one of its many neighbors , which is pretty negligible in comparison . 
  the uk has everything to lose . 
  i think the point is that if the uk gets the channel tunnel to go bankrupt , they 'll be isolated from the whole eurozone . 
  whereas france will only be isolated from one of its neighbors , which does n't matter nearly as much . 
  so it would be a suicidal move from the uk . 
  this whole argument about france owning eurostar shares that keeps being repeated by british politicians makes zero sense , and i doubt they even believe what they 're saying . 
  the uk would lose a lot more if they were isolated from the rest of the eu than france from the uk . 
  this is kind of a dumb thing to say . 
  are you aware of the milk crisis right now ? 
  the government is n't doing anything , even though farmers complain non-stop . 
  i really think you overestimate how much train exports to the uk matter to france . 
  if the government got rid of the calais jungle they 'd be extremely popular for 95 % of the population . 
  i doubt anyone would care about a few farmers who would be pissed off . 
  not to mention they could probably just use other means of transportation . 
   french farmers will be pissed if they ca n't get their products to us . 
  oh come on . 
  we 're talking about french exports to the uk vs. uk exports to the eurozone ... you 'd be waaaay more isolated/screwed without the eurotunnel than france , which would have no trouble exporting stuff to the rest of the eurozone . 
  the famous hot spots . 
  you should become an advisor to our politicians , they did n't figure it out , i 'm sure they 're waiting for / u/rejerer to show them the magical hot spots .
