  except breton/corsican , maybe , but those are taught in schools etc. , so i 'm not sure what the issue would be . 
  it 's also interesting that you 'd consider it 's conservative to not promote minority languages `` enough '' . 
  would n't regionalism be very conservative ? 
  not really . 
  our parties are generally liberal when it comes to societal issues , drugs are an exception . 
  that 's a bit surprising . 
  i do n't think i know more male hippies than female ones . 
  in france , basically no party that has a chance of getting elected is pro-legalization . 
  honestly i 'm surprised these numbers are so low . 
  85 % of the people have never smoked weed , even once ? 
  ingevdz , you ca n't just ask people why they 're white . 
  fair enough . 
  if you think your low-res pictures of houses and your blurry pictures of food in plates are nicer / more interesting than stunning high-res pictures of villages , we just have completely different tastes . 
  you should be a politician . 
  at least in france , i do n't think our politicians ' perception is changing at all . 
  ah yes , the famous french conspiracy , because french people are so common on reddit ... 
   i 'm not saying occitanie is n't beautiful because it 's stunning but that post was just seven normal pictures [ my post was 23 pictures of villages , not seven pictures of streets . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/59un39/regions_of_france_occitanie/ ) actually , out of the 23 pictures of villages , only 3 could be counted as shots of streets ( and not `` normal '' streets like you say , not sure what kind of `` normal '' street has a castle in the clouds in the background ) . 
  not sure what you guys are talking about . 
  also no need to be so bitter and preemptively butthurt , and to insult france ( boringness , really ? ), 
  for no reason at all . 
  i love italy , but you guys really do n't give a good image of it . 
  do you randomly assume people believe things you disagree with to start arguments out of nowhere or something ? 
  the red passage . 
  because i thought it was interesting ? 
  i do n't get why them using ballistic missiles would be more ridiculous than using cruise missiles then . 
  what 's the difference between a cruise and a ballistic missile ? 
  how did it happen then ? 
  ( not trying to argue , i 'm just curious , i do n't know anything about that conflict . ), 
  i do n't think russia cares about this kind of stuff . 
  according to wikipedia :  the final seizure of the city was set in early february 2000 , when the russian military lured the besieged militants to a promised safe passage . 
  seeing no build-up of forces outside , the militants agreed . 
  one day prior to the planned evacuation , the russian army mined the path between the city and the village of alkhan-kala and concentrated most firepower on that point . 
  as a result , both the city mayor and military commander were killed ; a number of other prominent separatist leaders were also killed or wounded , including shamil basayev and several hundred rank-and-file militants . 
  afterwards , the russians slowly entered the empty city and on february 6 raised the russian flag in the centre . 
  many buildings and even whole areas of the city were systematically dynamited . 
  a month later , it was declared safe to allow the residents to return to their homes , although demolishing continued for some time . 
  in 2003 the united nations called grozny the most destroyed city on earth . 
  are there any pictures of the fault from the ground ? 
  i wonder if there are pictures of this fault from the ground ? 
  that 's actually really helpful , i sometimes get confused with prepositions . 
  thanks !, 
  fair enough . 
  i mean , it 's in french-speaking belgium , and in french , castle and ch\u00e2teau are the same word . 
  so i suspect that 's why they call it a castle in english . 
  exactly . 
  roads inside a large park like this are n't necessary . 
  if you 've been there , you probably noticed it has very few cars anyway . 
  this has nothing to do with the place de l'etoile in paris which has like 8 lanes and is as far from a park as you can get . 
  oh , please . 
  [ it 's surrounded with trees . 
  ] ( http://footage.framepool.com/fr/shot/842917264-atomium-bruxelles-hall-architecture-parc-municipal ), 
  do we really need the whole spectrum of romance languages ? 
  so many exist with such small variations . 
  spanish , italian , catalan , french , romanian . 
  when i read stuff in proven\u00e7al it 's so close to french and spanish that i can understand everything . 
  i 'd be more worried about basque , now that 's an interesting language to keep . 
  i mean . 
  i 've never seen fire stairs outside buildings except in the us . 
  i just used the wrong word . 
  their government being on the verge of defaulting on their public debt , apparently . 
  it 's a bit harder to remove roundabouts in the center of paris than in the middle of nowhere though . 
  same word in french . 
  exactly my feelings about you too . 
  to be fair , if it was n't in the middle of a roundabout , it would look better . 
  not sure why they do n't remove this road that goes around it . 
   who says they are even fully aware are risking they lifes ? 
  they might be just curios about that old building . 
  and you are , again , generalizing way too much . 
  filling the grand canyon with sand ? 
  are you for real now ? 
  you are tunneling so hard into this matter that im starting to believe you are trolling this sub . 
  ... are you for real . 
  honestly i 'm pretty convinced you 're the troll here . 
  you 're willing to destroy history because some people * might * find ways to kill themselves in a building . 
  if you want to destroy all buildings where people might find ways to kill themselves you will have to destroy basically any human construction . 
  the building is closed , you can just put signs , urban explorers will be perfectly aware they are risking their lives . 
  i really do n't see why you think the potential life of a handful of random individuals * that do n't even exist yet * and who * knew the risks * is worth destroying works of art and architecture . 
  your way of thinking is pretty scary . 
   what makes you even think that the castle has to be preserved ? 
  because its beautifull because i do n't want europe to end up like the us or canada . 
  go live there for a while , you 'll learn to realize the importance these buildings have . 
  my belief is that you take these things for granted because you 've spent way too much time in europe . 
  they are rare things outside of this continent and would be cherished . 
   - well my first car was a beauty aswell but guess what , i didnt had the money to keep driving it . 
  cant you understand or cant you accept that this is purely a economic decision ? 
  ca n't you understand that the belgian or eu government definitely have the funds to preserve a ch\u00e2teau like this ? 
  the belgian government did n't do its job by not classifying it as a historical monument , to save money . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  it has nothing to do with social darwinism whatsoever . 
  you have [ people who climb skyscrapers free solo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alain_robert ) , you have people who base jump off the burj dubai ... should we tear down all skyscrapers ? 
  this argument about urban explorers makes no sense at all . 
   and i dont believe that its a cultural gap to put an old castle over the lifes of people - no matter how stupid they might be . 
  i do n't even ... you ca n't be serious . 
  someone who decided to risk death dies . 
  this does n't matter whatsoever . 
  way less than a historical building . 
  do you also want to fill the grand canyon with sand because tightrope walkers risk their lives crossing it ? 
  should we turn the cliffs of moher into soft slopes so that people wo n't risk falling over the edge ? 
  should we tear down skyscrapers because you have climbers who climb them illegally every once in a while ?
