   i bet we would perform better than france if they asked that too . 
  dude , nobody hates poles outside the uk . 
  not really . 
  hating on eastern europeans is a uk thing , it does n't really exist in other countries . 
  are n't our politicians on the wrong track though ? 
  i 'm not surprised we 're at the bottom . 
  ah , you 're so full of yourself that you think your opinion = society . 
  when it comes to freedom of speech , the us is doing it better than france for sure . 
  it 's wrong to have a nanny state policing the internet . 
  this is n't done anywhere and society works well . 
  if some people are dumb enough to fell for these websites , it 's their own fault . 
  not to mention the hypocrisy of a state that would do this while refunding homeopathy medications ( yes , this is the case in france ) . 
  which is still wrong . 
  if your objective is to remove all bullshit from the internet , good luck . 
  we should probably ban reddit too . 
  i think you deleted it because you realized that you had no other argument than calling everybody childish and stupid and were getting downvoted . 
  sure sure , please do , we 're all convinced . 
  are you going to delete your other comments too when you realize how weak your argumentation is in those too ? 
  do n't you see how obviously stupid what you 're saying is ? 
  they 're talking about * banning misinformation on the internet . 
  * but sure , this is the same as any other law or regulation . 
  oh boy , using extreme doublethink to defend obvious censorship . 
  you are such a grown man . 
  we 're all impressed . 
  i mean , any censorship can be viewed as the government protecting its citizens . 
  this is how governments have always been justifying censorship . 
  for years , everybody on tv has been telling us jupp\u00e9 was going to be the next president . 
  he did n't even win the primary . 
  not saying it means le pen will win , but juncker 's opinion is as valuable as anyone 's . 
  yeah go to a smaller city with a cool christmas market . 
  strasbourg or metz or something . 
  so 6 brits applied this year ? 
  for the past 25 years the french government was giving incentives to people who used diesel cars . 
  and now they changed their mind all of a sudden . 
  i do n't know man . 
  the elections are in may , and we 've been hearing about jupp\u00e9 being the next president all over the media for the past two years . 
  he lost the republican primary last week though . 
  i do n't but again , you seem to * really * want to believe that . 
  so enjoy your fapping . 
  nah , nobody cares , i do n't even think the average frenchman ( who does n't go to reddit etc. ), 
  is even aware that brits make these jokes . 
  but if the thought of disgruntled and offended frenchmen is what turns you on , feel free to believe that . 
  whatever rocks your boat . 
  we had wars with other neighbors in the previous 800 years too . 
  maybe you did n't because of your location . 
  only england obsesses about this france/uk `` rivalry '' thing with all the french-bashing jokes etc. , we do n't . 
  it does n't even make sense , we have n't even been at war with the uk for 200 years while we 've been at war with our other neighbors several times since . 
  i never understood how spain manages to have a decent gdp per capita and economy with such awful employment rates . 
  doing slightly better than italians , as always , perfect . 
  yeah i do n't think a lot of highway deaths are in any way related to the quality of the road . 
  well that 's a very optimistic way of putting it . 
  let 's say that at the next elections we will have the choice between fillon 's austerity , i.e. , up to a 48 hour workweek , privatized health insurance , getting rid of 500,000 state workers , etc. , or le pen 's programme that promises to keep the welfare state and reduce the number of immigrants . 
  i would n't be surprised if people ended up choosing the second one . 
  sarkozy did n't let him try his big austerity plan . 
  given how expensive our highways are , they better be good . 
  you say that like you think he 's a better candidate . 
  please read his program . 
  you do n't even speak a slavic language , you do n't count . 
   why would anyone move to britain to retire ? 
  maybe some people * really * like rain ? 
  port of the khaleesi ? 
  i thought they were talking of `` england '' . 
  in french it 's `` angleterre '' , so , `` the land in the shape of an angle '' i guess . 
  wtf . 
  `` socialist economics for the lower class '' ??? 
  have you ever listened to fillon ? 
  fillon is n't far-right . 
  other than the terrible french , it does n't really sound like you know what you 're talking about . 
  i mean , surely you 've heard of marine le pen . 
  oh come on . 
  i 'm not a fan of fillon , but these accusations of homophobia are pretty stupid . 
  two weeks ago , there was no reason to think fillon , who polled at 10 % , would win the first turn with 44 % and the second turn with 68 % . 
  i mean , germans had nothing to do with rome and they still created the holy roman empire because they were emulating it . 
  everybody in europe was , for centuries . 
   the lions the romans were likely from africa or the caucasus since lions in greece had been extincted by 100 bc . 
  what i mean is that ancient greeks were familiar with lions , and they were an animal of prestige to them . 
  they passed this over to romans . 
  i was n't talking about the lions they were importing for the colosseum games , but they probably played a part in this , too . 
   still does n't explain why the north is so fascinated with lions since they never had any . 
  lions were an animal of prestige to romans , and people everywhere in europe thought anything that the roman empire thought of as cool * was * cool . 
  not really , because we do n't know much about the cultures that existed while mammoths were alive . 
  whereas there were lions in ancient greece , and ancient greece was revered by romans , and following that , all of europe was circlejerking about the roman empire for centuries/millenia . 
   cashing on melanchon in / r/france and cashing on fillon in / r/europe . 
  got ta go after that sweet sweet karma / u/loulan . 
  ... seriously ? 
   the kind of authoritarian ethnic nationalists that would vote for le pen . 
  yeah , if you really think only `` authoritarian ethnic nationalists '' vote for le pen , you 're burying your head in the sand . 
  fillon is a more socially acceptable sarkozy . 
  sarkozy lost because people hated him as a person . 
  on the other hand , many people who are very right wing may vote for fillon instead of le pen because their stances on immigration are n't all that different . 
   i was more confident of juppe 's chances against le pen . 
  why ? 
  i mean , you 're calling what mainstream journalists were discussing on news channels conspiracy theories . 
  it 's * slightly * paranoid . 
  heh , i 'm just repeating what i heard on news channels . 
  you 're taking all of this way too seriously . 
  are you working for a pollster or something ? 
  i do n't know . 
  some journalists were saying that because of brexit and trump , pollsters put all three candidates at 30 % to be able to claim they were right whoever the winner was . 
  fillon won with much more than 30 % though .
