  `` mort aux juifs '' could mean `` death to the jews '' , but with the article ( `` la '' ) , `` the death to the jews '' would n't make sense ... 
  because it 's so small ... 
  yeah me too . 
  it ca n't be `` death to the jews '' since there is an article before , that would make zero sense ... 
  i think that jewish group fails at french . 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm from the french riviera and honestly not having a car there is a nightmare . 
  when i lived in paris a car was completely useless though . 
  speak for yourself man . 
  i 'd totally buy a t-shirt of a half-naked barroso with sunglasses , riding a horse in the rising sun . 
   most of the list is pretty underwhelming , is n't it ? 
  yeah , take cyprus for instance . 
  i ca n't even tell which building is supposed to be the `` tall '' one in the picture . 
  not really ... 
  it 's pretty common for people to convince themselves that what they have is better than the alternative , it 's basic human psychology . 
  being french , i 've been using the euro for so long that going back to the franc would seem foreign , weird and dangerous to me ( and it probably * is * dangerous ) . 
  someone from the uk is used to using pounds and seeing that there has been so many issues with the euro in mainland europe would probably feel that switching to the euro would be foreign , weird and dangerous too . 
  and we 're both right . 
  you guys are fine , but your country is waaaay too rainy . 
   everyone else is pretty okay . 
  hm nah , they can get very xenophobic towards the french , occasionally . 
  pretty sure a lot of people can find spain on a map at least . 
  well it 's even worse than that . 
  it 's note ven even a big fountain in the middle of a square/gardens , it 's a tiny fountain at some shitty street corner like you have everywhere in europe . 
  most underwhelming `` monument '' ever . 
  it 's pretty lame on its own , and then they decide to make it even more lame by dressing it up randomly ... 
  wait so there are specific rules about the maximum age of a presidential candidate for his first election ? 
  mitterrand was 72 when he was reelected i think ? 
   i guess it will be `` fillon 2017 '' which would n't be a bad thing !, 
  i suspect it will be `` jupp\u00e9 2017 '' though . 
  because reddit is very left-wing and considers that anyone who is n't surely is stupid or crazy . 
  neither fillon nor valls are crazy . 
  til romania has crazy cheap rooms . 
  in paris for 450 euro you 're lucky if you can get a 8 square meter flat ... and i 'm living in vancouver right now , the prices are not very different . 
  so yeah , for 50 euros per month with a meal per day i would n't even expect to get what op posted . 
  hell , even just getting a meal a day for 50 euros a month sounds crazy . 
  oh god . 
  really ? 
  are you sure you 're not mixing up perp\u00e8te-les-olivettes and trifouillis-les-oies ? 
  yes . 
  same thing with sex . 
  we added snails . 
  well i 'm not sure how you understand `` dominated '' . 
  the issue is that the euro is an undervalued currency for germany so it helps a lot with their exports , while it is an overvalued currency for a lot of other countries which completely kills their exports ... 
  it 's just stereotypes . 
  welcome to our world . 
  i would n't say that . 
  each time i talk about cr\u00e8me de marrons to foreigners they have no clue what it is for instance . 
  and it 's fucking delicious . 
  same with stuff like figatellu , etc. 
  and why should we consider that 1974 was 80 years ago ? 
  such a weird thread . 
  well you 're pretty dumb if you do n't get that doing something is sometimes not economically viable if you do n't have a big enough userbase , and it has absolutely * nothing * to do with the economic state of the country it happens in . 
  dat reading comprehension fail . 
  maybe you should work on your english , because never said anything like that . 
  ifop is like the french gallup . 
  italy was the axis ' france . 
  right . 
  and magically , only small countries decided it takes much away from the film . 
  everybody actually has to take a second and a third language in france . 
  most people pick english as their second language , and then another third one , but you can also pick german as your second language ( which is rare ) , in which case you have to pick english as your third . 
  what ? 
  that is n't true at all !, 
  where did you get this idea from ? 
  erm , english is taught in all european countries as far as i know . 
  dude . 
  i never said i liked dubbing . 
  you can be proud all you want that your country does not like dubbing , but it 's not like there has been a consortium that decided that swedes like to speak english and that therefore since they are so bright and enlightened , movies would n't be dubbed for them . 
  there is a reason why in all small countries with their own languages , stuff on tv generally is n't dubbed ( denmark , norway , sweden , finland , greece , the netherlands , slovenia ) , and it 's population size . 
  which made the population more fluent afterwards and they act like it 's been like this all along and that 's why it was somehow decided that dubbing would n't be used in their country . 
   says france ... keep your prejudices and their xenophobic implications for yourself , thank you very much . 
  yes but what about tv shows and everything else on tv ? 
  pretty sure i 've seen subtitled stuff on magyar tv , it 's a very rare occurrence here . 
  sure , but they started doing that in the beginning of tv days when the world was way less globalized and people spoke less english , and now people are used to it and they ca n't stop :p, 
   which eu countries do dub movies . 
  all the big ones ... people from smaller countries are always proud of their english when really , it 's more about the fact thad dubbing movies and series is not economically viable in their country due to the small population . 
  i thought they were gossiping about her and complaining about how the crazy old lady is anti-eu . 
  more like , this is a `` socialist '' from the ps , so he has to blame the omg evil `` bankers '' and where they work ( london ) to keep people happy even though he knows it 's pure bullshit/populism . 
  til in the iberian peninsula , people really like stock cubes . 
  in europe too ... 
  m\u00e9lenchon is even more dangerous than le pen imo . 
  well ubisoft is pretty big ... 
  even if it were true , your reductio ad hitlerium is ridiculous . 
  do you think everything hitler ever wanted was evil because he was omg hitler ? 
  hitler loved roman architecture . 
  should i hate it because omg hitler liked it ? 
  dat godwin point . 
  honestly , i think it shows more how rampant anti-french xenophobia is than the french song being so horribly bad . 
  the result would be more or less the same whatever the song would be . 
  so that 's why the buses had a french and a european flag on them this morning . 
  yeah but it 's not like districts like bastille , rue mouffetard , oberkampf , belleville etc. 
  in paris are any different ... 
  dunno it might be because i live more in the center ( granted , pretty close to bastille ) but i feel like there are way more people in the streets at night in paris than in other places i 've lived ( san francisco , other french cities , etc. 
   most streets are empty at night . 
  wait , what , you can do a phd without a master 's in the uk ? 
  well for french people not really , i 'm personally finishing my phd and i 'm 29 ( i 'll probably be 30 when i graduate ) . 
  but most phd students in our lab are not french , and sometimes foreign students have complex curricula that makes them lose more years . 
  i work with an italian phd student who is 32 , there used to be a bengali guy here who graduated when he was 35 ... research is very international usually . 
  why stop at 29 ? 
  at least in my lab , some phd students are older than that .
