  it sounds more like jealousy because you ended up in the communist block instead of the west . 
  german word order . 
  i do n't get it , how do you run after people and pester them unintentionally ? 
  is that a mistranslation or something ? 
  yeah i do n't even get why so many people are surprised in this thread . 
  i know it 's / r/europe where everybody hates muslims but i do n't find the results of the study very surprising . 
  i do n't know much about german muslims , but most muslims you meet in france are from algeria/tunisia/morocco , and in my experience , tons of them do n't do the ramadan , drink alcohol , do n't wear the veil etc. . . 
  they are n't hardcore muslims at all . 
  `` muslim '' does n't mean much , your average tunisian is very different from your average saudi . 
  did you really create a new account just to post this ? 
  ridiculous . 
  i 've been saying that dclauzel doing that was annoying and cringeworthy for a very long time and people generally agree . 
  [ is this comment from today , for instance ? 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2sfcq8/weve_got_some_nice_climate_diversity_in_the_eu/cnp78s6 ), 
  they had to pick the only french dude who does it as the french mod for / r/europe ... 
  bah , lots of people would be willing to help . 
  can we dispose of mods for the cringeworthy two-language comments ? 
  seriously that 's the only reason why i ca n't stand that mod . 
  ca n't he just speak english like everybody else on / r/europe ? 
  these two-language comments look so smug and are bad publicity for the french . 
  we 're not all like that i promise . 
  strangely enough , i trust [ the united nations ' predictions ] ( http://passeurdesciences.blog.lemonde.fr/2014/09/21/lexplosion-demographique-ne-sarretera-pas-au-cours-de-ce-siecle/ ) more than reddit user tangojager 's . 
  the fact that `` pissed '' means `` drunk '' and not `` pissed off '' really confused me when i first lived in the uk . 
  there will be 4 billions africans by 2100 . 
  it 's becoming necessary . 
   300 euro ** per person ** so , if there are three people on average per household , it 's 900 euros ? 
  and 27 % of 900 euros is 243 euro ? 
  since it 's the 80 % poorest household the result should be higher so 315 euro makes perfect sense ? 
  that counts !, 
   you pretty much require to be born into a sufficiently catholic family to get named after a saint and for your parents to care about saints and their respective name days . 
  i disagree . 
  in practice , people just look for a name that is vaguely linked to theirs on the calendar . 
  also , while it was traditionally a religious thing , nobody cares about the religious part of it nowadays , like for christmas . 
  well , we know it 's a thing at least . 
  if i ask you when your f\u00eate is , you 'll know what i 'm talking about . 
  interestingly , if you talk with someone from qu\u00e9bec and ask when their f\u00eate is , they 'll think it means birthday , and will have no clue what a name day is , even though they 're traditionally catholic . 
  i 'm a guy and people wish it to me too . 
  i resent what you guys are saying about the french in this thread and i hereby complain . 
  please paypal me 100 euros . 
  in english vowels so n't seem to matter much , a lot of them are just schwas , while where you put the tonic stress is crucial to understand words . 
  it makes parsing french and english completely different , and even though i feel very comfortable reading and writing english , it 's still hard for me to understand native speakers even after having lived in an english-speaking country for a long time . 
  haha , i was thinking the same things . 
  spaniards must be the only ones who like hollande . 
  cities have different names in different languages , get over it . 
  if i talk about marseille in french i 'll say marseille , if i talk about marseille in english i 'll add a final 's ' . 
  that 's just how it works . 
  do you also talk about `` deutschland '' in english instead of germany because it 's the german name of a german country ? 
  i suspect your media has a huge bias because this is n't my experience at all when i was in the region . 
  also where i 'm from ( south east , french riviera ) , we have the double signs but it 's more for tourists , i 've never met anyone who could speak occitan in my life . 
  that really does n't mean anything at all . 
  i 'm not a parisian , no , and i doubt you are from french pays basque . 
  i like how it 's always foreigners who wish that for france , as if they thought deciding for us something that is against what we want is a good thing . 
  heh , exactly what i thought when i saw this post . 
  the 50 francs bills were so cool ... 
  i disagree . 
  do you really think if you polled the american population and asked if there should be a full-blown war with russia over a country like lithuania the majority of the people would say yes ? 
  tbh it 's the opinion of the * population * ... not what the government will do . 
  well , is n't dutch just german spoken with a weird accent ? 
  that 's really strange , i think coffee in paris is awful . 
  and yes it 's really strange how in the us/canada/australia people seem to associate france with coffee , because i really do n't think we think our coffee is good or that we are famous for that ? 
  to us , coffee = italy . 
  usually coffee in portugal is pretty good too in my experience though . 
  we actually rarely ever eat that . 
  i ate snails once in my life , and it was in spain . 
  italian coffee . 
  seriously , you go to the shittiest bar in the middle of nowhere in italy and they always serve you a perfect espresso . 
  why ca n't we have this ? 
  bleh , i usually get my kebabs in a pita , not in bread . 
  it 's better . 
  and pita is closer to a tortilla than whatever you have on this pic . 
  he acts like he is the figurehead of france 's involvement in the lybian war . 
  complete weirdo . 
  tbh i sort of understand why putin does n't want him . 
  i would n't be surprised if he went there and acted like he is some sort of martyr going to mordor to bring human rights from the french revolution or some shit . 
  bhl and cohn-bendit seriously ? 
  that 's so random . 
  why would anyone care if they ca n't go to russia ? 
  pretty sure they do n't care themselves . 
  that 's not really true . 
  i usually spend a very long time on flight price comparators to find the cheapest possible tickets and it 's happened pretty often that the cheapest flights between vancouver and france ( the route i use the most ) are from klm . 
  it probably depends on the route . 
  last time air france tried to reform , their pilots went on strike for a month causing millions in losses ... 
  entitled assholes . 
  i 'm confused as to how you can think they were n't . 
  what do you think they were when they were small ? 
  you seem to like people riding things . 
  per capita makes no sense for this . 
  quite . 
  why ? 
  the bigger countries tend to do whatever the fuck they want while smaller ones have to be obedient . 
  i think it makes sense . 
  but what do you do with them ? 
  if you ca n't prove their nationality , you ca n't send them back , their home country wo n't accept them . 
  that 's basically the whole problem here , if italy could send back the migrants , they would . 
  you completely missed my point . 
  what i mean is , other people from the same countries are just as desperate . 
  is it fair to only accept the ones who attempted to cross the sea ? 
  where do you stop ? 
  and then people at the border control there put them back into a plane for your country ? 
   well first indication of the persons origin it 's a passport.if they do n't have one then name , language they speak , appearance , religion.combine all of these and you have a pretty good estimation of their country of origin .
