  they are 20 years late . 
  i agree that it 's completely useless . 
  i feel like media and the government are at a loss what to do . 
  so they try to do * something * . 
  like you just said however , people will still be able to find the names if they want to know them . 
  so it does n't actually hurt anyone . 
   not exactly mature , but hey , it 's international politics i mean , it sounds like you try hard to bash the current polish government because you do n't like it even though in this particular case their actions are n't all that ridiculous at all . 
  germany kept calling poland racist because they refused refugee quotas , saying it would cause problems . 
  then germany has huge problems . 
  so poland is like , `` told you so '' . 
  it 's only fair . 
  because / u/a _ nest_of_hope was being facetious , and / u/nounhud replied very seriously . 
  and now you do n't get my joke . 
  germans everywhere . 
  so it 's true that most americans are of german origin . 
   plenty of drug users end up in jail . 
  in france , not really . 
   in other word , you get caught trying to go to syria with a fake passport , you go to jail , period . 
  you realize our jails are so full that tons people who get condemned for serious crimes do n't even ever go there because we ca n't find a spot for them , right ? 
  yeah but i mean . 
  i do n't think the french population is pro-kurd . 
  pretty sure most people are n't really sure who kurds even are . 
  i do n't even know what pkk is . 
  in this context it 's a bit odd though . 
  i 'm not sure what they meant . 
   `` martyrs do not die , our country wont be divided '' are the martyrs the victims of the terrorist attacks here or the perpetrators ? 
  fair enough . 
  what about other `` big '' countries then ? 
  i 'm not sure i get your argument . 
  a country like germany has also a lot of `` importance '' . 
  should they play their own game ? 
  i think you 're the one being incredibly dumb and illogical here . 
  this guy says he 'd rather live in slovakia than in `` the west '' because we supposedly get slaughtered by terrorist attacks . 
  if you look at the variance between rates of accidents ( domestic , car , thunder , etc. ), 
  between countries , you get much higher differences than the minuscule amount that 84 out of 65 million does . 
  deciding which country to live in based on this is incredibly dumb , and not based on thinking or being rational at all . 
  just nonsensical emotions , maybe . 
  are you sure ? 
  because the rate in slovakia is actually higher , it will make you look worse . 
  okay so let 's stop using cars . 
  and kitchens and bathrooms . 
  they 're crazy dangerous . 
  thousands of people die of domestic accident each year , look out . 
  i really do n't get your argumentation at all . 
  we 'll all die of something , and your chances of dying of a terrorist attack are so low that they 're the last thing to worry about . 
  a few % more ... are you afraid of accidents daily ? 
  of being struck by thunder ? 
  it makes absolutely zero sense to be afraid of this . 
  the variance of accident rates between one region and the other is way greater than the tiny variance that terrorist attacks add somewhere . 
  [ according to wikipedia , you have 6.4 per 100,000 death per year on the road in slovenia . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_traffic-related_death_rate ) according to you , only 20 % of these people were `` innocent victims '' , so let 's say 1.2 per 100,000 . 
  84 people died in france this year because of terrorism . 
  that 's 0.14 per 100,000 . 
  ten times less likely . 
  and that 's when you take the country that has been hurt the most by terrorism in the `` west '' , in one of their worst years . 
  take the whole `` west '' , the average number of innocent victims on the roads and compare it to the number of deaths by terrorism , and you get a factor of more than 100 . 
  dying of terrorism in the west is way less likely than any kind of random accident that could happen to you . 
  completely negligible . 
   i travel everyday 200km in car this month i made 30k kms in car . 
  did i died ? 
  this year over 150k km and i havent died . 
  tell that to thousands of victims of car accidents each year . 
  i walk on the promenade des anglais in nice several times a week . 
  did i die ? 
  i used to live next to r\u00e9publique in paris , where the charlie hebdo and bataclan attacks happened . 
  did i die ? 
  but someone 's mom , in slovenia , died in a car accident . 
  see ? 
  it goes both ways . 
  ( except in the case of terrorism , it 's waaaaay less likely ) . 
  oh come on . 
  i 'm not `` adjusting '' . 
  i 'm fine . 
  people i see here , my family , at work etc. , seem perfectly fine . 
  terrorist attacks happen . 
  it 's still very unlikely to get directly hit by them . 
  i 've lived most of my life in either nice or paris and terrorist attacks are the last thing on my mind . 
  you 're way more likely of dying of many other things ... people who freak out are being pretty irrational . 
   i will choose my slav life over the `` rich '' west anytime . 
  better than being shot ( or my parents , wife/gf etc ) during day by some ... refugee you realize it 's insanely more likely that you 'll randomly choke and die on your beer or die of a car accident in your cheap old bmw than getting killed in a terrorist attack in the west , right ? 
  edit : whoever 's downvoting me is being completely irrational . 
  and i 'm saying that being from nice . 
  why is everything in euros if you pay in lei ? 
  i do n't think it 's a 2 % deviation per year . 
   in other words , only relatively lightly armed local police , and only one car at that , was protecting the entrance to the promenade where the attacker veered into the crowd . 
  i do n't think you guys realize that there were fireworks in many , many cities of the french riviera at the time . 
  in juan-les-pins , in saint-laurent-du-var , etc. , all of them with huge crowds . 
  we have fireworks daily in the french riviera , in different towns each time , with insane amounts of people each time . 
  the police ca n't possibly protect all of this using tons of cars and armed policemen ... 
  unless we triple our police force maybe . 
  no , because obama does n't have a moustache ? 
  okay , first the guy is so unknown that its the first time i 've ever heard of him and his wikipedia page has almost zero text , only automatically generated lists . 
  second he died almost 50 years ago , and was last in office almost 70 years ago . 
  fashion changes , i have nothing about people having sported ugly moustaches 70 years ago but in 2016 , really ? 
  i think a coup would be justified just by erdogan 's ugly moustache . 
  except communsim was forced upon countries by russia . 
  with the fall of the ussr , it vanished in all of eastern europe . 
  i ca n't really think of an event that would make muslim countries give up on islam . 
  why would i ? 
   what 's the alternative ?
