  yeah , this is such a ridiculous claim . 
  it makes me think i ca n't trust the rest of the infographic . 
   neuken or batsen niquer or baiser ... is dutch closer to french than i thought ? 
  so many conflicting opinions about such an important subject . 
  who says the truth ? 
  i must know !, 
   after three decades , i think we can all conclude the megamasterplan did not exactly work . 
  to be honest , your `` megamasterplan '' sounds more like a conspiracy theory than anything . 
  a word art . 
  thanks , that makes a lot more sense . 
  shitty dsl from what i remember , so like the rest of france . 
  actually my sister had to live there for a few years after med school ( internat ) and got really depressed and hated it . 
  it 's nice if you 're really into hiking/diving/paragliding / etc. , but otherwise it 's very isolated and the cities look more african than european . 
  heh i 've lived in paris for years at some point and i really miss it . 
  it 's popular to shit on paris but living there is really fun . 
  yes , there is zero difference between an overseas department and a french department . 
  you can just take a plane from [ r\u00e9union ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/la_r%c3%a9union ) to paris and live there if that 's what you want to do . 
  unlikely . 
  i 'd say it 's overseas departments . 
  `` just '' ? 
  yeah but the 700 is huge here . 
  what % of the population lives in london ? 
  how does the uk manage to be only slightly over 100 % nationally with london being so insanely high ? 
  none of these people have any responsibility or power in the party , hell , they are n't even members . 
  what you 're saying is that you found crazy people who vote fn ? 
  well , duh . 
  you could do that for any party . 
  who exactly ? 
  yes , because mlp is literally the kkk . 
  but potatoes taste worse with mozzarella , basil , and olive oil . 
  they will look very stupid in 2026 if their party survives until then . 
  wtf i do n't get how you can have had an experience like that , paris is pretty safe . 
  where were you ? 
  i think we 've all been in the tourist areas . 
  i 've been visiting paris for years as a tourist before living there . 
  their definition of `` sexual harassment '' is very weak though ( see top comment ) . 
   i have never in my entire life seen robbery attempt . 
  me neither , even though i lived in paris for a decade . 
  i do n't get how people can have these issues in three days there ? 
  well bashing the french/parisians always works on reddit . 
  so that 's basically like polling women at a feminist meeting , asking them if they 've ever felt undermined by men . 
   chirac comes close he did n't use any tricks though . 
  he just did two mandates , like a majority of french presidents . 
  mandates were 7 years long until recently . 
   not because of a lack of markets and investors . 
  clearly because of that in a large part . 
  low exportations , very little trust of foreign investors . 
   integrity makes you a man , honest , dependable , trustworthy , proud , perseverant . 
  money makes you a whore . 
  nobody respects nor trusts a whore . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  pure , useless idealism . 
  zero use for that . 
   markets and investors everywhere uuuh , not in france , our economy has been in the shitter for years now . 
   some integrity is hard to come by in europe though . 
  what 's the use of integrity ? 
  we need investors and markets where to sell our shit , not integrity . 
   a word where it had been arbitrarily added just to look fancier . 
  it 's been spelled with `` ph '' since * 1350 * though ... 
  i think we could just all agree this word has a funny etymology and move on . 
  it 's not like it 's easier to remember `` n\u00e9nufar '' than `` n\u00e9nuphar '' anyway . 
  oh you mean like how `` on '' in `` monsieur '' is n't pronounced `` eu '' , like how '' \u00e9 '' in '' \u00e9v\u00e8nement '' is pronounced '' \u00e8 '' , like how `` ai '' in `` faisait '' is n't pronounced `` eu '' , etc. . . and you 're only focusing on one specific case . 
  french is full of spelling rules with tons of exceptions . 
  like the plurals of '' - ou '' words for instance , that are '' - ous '' except for bijoux , cailloux , choux , genoux , hiboux , joujoux , and poux ... 
  i think we all spent our whole childhood learning patterns and their corresponding lists of exceptions . 
  edit : i accidentally a word . 
  same thing in french really . 
  the lists of exceptions are longer than the rules . 
  but nothing has changed . 
  the only `` news '' this year is that more editors of manuals for children have decided to use it in their new editions this year ( some already did ) . 
  the government did n't do anything and wo n't change anything . 
  you 're making no sense . 
  except this one is 26 years old ... 
  this makes no sense at all . 
  english has rules too ... 
  no , r and rr are pronounced exactly the same . 
  well they 're actually * adding * silent letters sometimes ... 
  this is n't at all what this reform does though . 
  chariot becomes charriot ... great . 
   wow france , such a language dictatorship ; why not let your language be free like we englishers did  1 . 
  the acad\u00e9mie fran\u00e7aise made this reform in 1990 , but it 's not mandatory , both the old and new spellings are correct . 
  in practice , almost nobody follows it for now . 
  the government did n't change anything this year . 
  the only thing that happened is that the main editors of manuals for children decided to use the `` new '' spellings this year in their new editions of the book . 
  so in the end , everybody is free to do anything , the acad\u00e9mie fran\u00e7aise did n't change anything and the government did n't change anything either . 
  and usually , nobody listens to the acad\u00e9mie fran\u00e7aise for anything ( they make up bullshit words like mot-di\u00e8se for hashtag that nobody uses ) . 
  `` oignon '' has had this spelling since the 13th century . 
  i would n't mind change if it made sense , if they turned french into a phonetic language like spanish , for instance . 
  but as it is , this reform is really inconsistent and random . 
  they 're removing double letters in some words , adding double letters in others , removing `` ph '' but keeping it everywhere else etc. 
  honestly i do n't know what the acad\u00e9mie fran\u00e7aise is on , usually nobody listens to them ( this `` reform '' dates back from 1990 and very few people have been using it since ) , but in this case it seems like this year , editors randomly decided to use the new spellings , which sucks in my opinion . 
  if you learn a spelling as a kid but you see things written differently everywhere ( since nobody follows this reform in practice for now ) , you 'll probably just think that spelling makes no sense at all and ignore it entirely . 
  yeah it 's the same in france . 
  it 's not like they 're removing all the silent letters or even a lot of them . 
  they 're adding some sometimes actually , sometimes doubling letters that were n't . 
  in the end it 's all very random and inconsistent , and it makes people really unsure of how anything is spelled now ( 2000 words are changing ) , which in my opinion will end up in people being worse at spelling than before . 
  life is a matter of probabilities . 
  being scared of terrorist attacks is so irrational and dumb when you 're much more likely to die from other causes just going there . 
  you can also die on your way to the airport you know . 
  well , would you remove france from the list of safe countries for one terror attack ?
