  well maybe not in germany . 
  but i 've definitely heard it discussed many times on the radio and the tv here in france . 
  god , i 'm not trying to argue whether she should or should n't be popular . 
  i 'm just saying that reddit 's discussion of all this seems to be pretty much in line with what you see in the media , so it makes no sense to call it an `` echo chamber '' with opinions that are specific to reddit . 
  you can be pro-merkel , i do n't care . 
  i mean , you guys act like it 's a huge conspiracy from the west and all , but how can firing thousands of people from * universities * because they 're political opponents be justified in any way ? 
  i suspect you guys are brainwashed by your own propaganda . 
  i know . 
  i 'm just saying that it 's not only reddit that discusses merkel 's flaws / analyzes her drop in popularity / wonder why she 's still so popular etc. 
  it 's all over the media , in tv debates , etc. 
  yeah i 'll drink a lot of wine to forget . 
  reading these threads about the balkans * really * gives me a headache . 
  reading these threads about ethnic groups in the balkans gives me a headache . 
  plus i mean , kosovo is mainly albanians ? 
  same language , religion , etc. 
   i honestly had no idea about that . 
  i 'm really surprised about this . 
  people do n't know we 're the most pessimistic people ever ? 
  i mean look at merkel , she did very controversial things , and her approval rates are 47 % . 
  hollande is close 10 % , and he did n't do anything particularly * wrong * . 
  sarkozy was close to this amount too . 
  i 'm pretty sure whoever our next president is , they 'll get similar ratings . 
  if you ask french people if they are satisfied about something , they 'll always answer , `` no '' :-), 
   but are n't those problems in part due to sanctions ? 
  i think that 's what eu politicians try to convince everybody of . 
  in practice it 's probably more about low oil prices . 
  not really , no . 
  her ( limited ) drop in popularity has been all over the media . 
  fair enough , i did n't mean * that much * to the east . 
  heh , it 's funny how different your story and the one from / u/ermiri are :-) i guess it just shows that the tensions are still strong . 
  but then why do serbs seem to consider that kosovo should be part of serbia and that it was `` stolen '' ? 
  from what i understand , it has way more albanians than serbs , and it was already autonomous in the yugoslavia days ? 
  was it part of serbia for a long time before that ? 
  what i meant is that the kosovo war was in 1999 and i have n't heard much about serbs and kosovars since . 
  so i did n't know there was still so much tension over there in 2016 . 
  i mean , a bigger country means a better economy if the parts that are not in your country anymore are richer than your average . 
  pretty sure if corsica left france , we 'd be slightly richer . 
  i thought kosovo was really poor though , so serbia without kosovo is probably richer ( per capita ) than with it ? 
  in any case , i 'm not really well aware of the details , i was kinda young when all this happened . 
  it 's interesting that consider that kosovo was `` stolen '' by wealthier countries . 
  did n't kosovars want independence ? 
  i mean , if bretons , corsicans and alsacians become independent i do n't see why i 'd care . 
  who am i to force them to live in my country ? 
  it 's not like the bigger my country is the happier i am or something . 
  i 'm not surprised that politics and sports get mixed up . 
  i 'm surprised there are still such tensions in eastern europe . 
  sure , but it 's the same conflict . 
  i find it less surprising , the israel/palestine conflict is a mess . 
  but i somehow thought the balkans were doing ok nowadays . 
  til even in 2016 this kind of shit happens . 
  really ? 
  til . 
  it might well be about the priest then . 
  fwiw i had never heard of saint-etienne-du-rouvray before but this is what everybody calls the priest attack here . 
  i would never think about it if someone mentioned rouen . 
  interesting . 
  i 've been watching french news channels a lot , and they seem to always refer to the priest thing as `` saint-etienne-du-rouvray '' . 
  maybe it 's harder to pronounce for english speakers , so it would make sense they use rouen though . 
  since this cartoon comes from british media , it 's possible they were referring to it . 
  but the fact that this cartoon was released today when they keep talking about the rouen fire while the saint-etienne-du-rouvray was some time ago it still makes me think it 's more likely they 're talking about the fire . 
  i highly doubt it , i 've never heard of the priest attack being referred to as the `` rouen '' attack , they always say `` saint-etienne-du-rouvray '' , at least on french tv . 
  plus this cartoon was released today , when the rouen fire just attacked and it 's everywhere in the news . 
  the saint-etienne-du-rouvray attack was almost two weeks ago . 
   that is exactly what this cartoon is about , but making cartoon about it does n't do much , sharing it without knowing what it its about even less . 
  what makes you think i did n't know what it 's about ? 
  nobody refers to the saint-etienne-du-rouvray attack as the `` rouen '' attack , this cartoon is clearly talking about the fire in my opinion . 
  edit : so apparently , foreign media refers to it as the rouen attack . 
  i withdraw what i said . 
  i think it 's because non-germans fail to understand how she can still be so popular after the migrant thing . 
  hell , hollande did n't really do anything * wrong * ... and his approval ratings are way below . 
  not a lot of stuff that uses petrol factories . 
  we barely mine or transform metals and other materials . 
  assembling high-tech stuff from elements produced in china is rather clean . 
  joke aside , the reason why europe is so low is that the products we use are built in other places ( china , bangladesh , even the us ) , while our manufacturing base has almost vanished . 
  which means these rankings make no sense . 
  we criticize china for burning gas , but they burn gas for us with factories building things for us . 
  china could stop , we 'd have to manufacture our own products , and we 'd be really low on the rankings again ... 
  everybody ? 
  i feel like i hear this story every single time i hear about the rigidity of the ecb on the radio/tv . 
  and the portuguese and spanish empires . 
  and the greek civilization . 
  only germans think the way the ecb is built is for good reasons . 
  it 's mostly been motivated by their fear of inflation caused by the trauma of the deutsche mark 's hyperinflation during the weimar republic . 
  47 % sounds insanely high ... 
  if our presidents got that much they 'd be ecstasic . 
  i thought finns were mostly trolling on irc all day . 
   til that my fellow countrymen are against croatia joining the eu , despite the fact croatia is a member since 2013 . 
  interesting . 
  well i 'm sure as hell against them joining again . 
  because it would n't even make sense . 
  count me in the -6 . 
   having spine would be doing something about tax havens within the european union . 
  the eu itself is ruled by a guy who made tax avoidance deals with multinational companies in a tax haven ( luxembourg ) . 
  which is beyond ridiculous . 
   this is so stupid because this is just an emotional move . 
  medias are there supposely to give informations to the public . 
  people have the right to know the name of the terrorists . 
  if french medias dont deliver , someone else will and will get the clic . 
  i 'm surprised that in the era of internet and social media , one can take such decision . 
  information is everywhere today .
