  [ in this map they put french cities in italy and germany ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fweuxff.jpg ) . 
  even the ones that are in france are at completely wrong places . 
  and the eu is n't doing shit ... 
  i think we have a winner . 
  it implies world conquest , it 's beautiful . 
  that shit keeps changing . 
  what about :  the eternal empire of the variable number of stars, 
   the eternal empire of the 28 shining stars i think we can all agree on that one . 
  by your logic we are all part of the african diaspora . 
  nah , i 'd say france and qu\u00e9bec have very little in common , we parted ways way too long ago . 
  the only thing we have in common is the language , but even regarding that , the difference between france french and qu\u00e9bec french is pretty big ... 
  what makes you think op made it ? 
  yeah , honestly , i think brits tend to bash the french jokingly , but americans imported that without understanding that it was a joke or something . 
  `` but i went to paris once and a waiter was n't constantly smiling , what a bunch of rude assholes '', 
  nah they 're cool . 
  but i 'm surprised that brits seem to always be bashing france for some reason and yet so many of them live here . 
   the eu will have to set a precedence as to how they will handle potential members who want out . 
  what ? 
  switzerland is n't part of the eu ... 
  well it is . 
  i think we all thought he was using elaborate schemes to hide his money ... 
  many french people in alsace and lorraine speak german ... 
  but were things the same in 1918 ? 
  is it your native language , or did you learn it at school ? 
  dialects are dead in most parts of france . 
  it 's very rare to meet people who can still speak them ( i do n't think it ever happened to me , except a very old corsican uncle of mine who died a long time ago ) . 
  fortunately . 
  ... no thanks ? 
  i do n't know a lot of people who are into football here in france and things are good that way :p, 
  dude , reddit is n't real life . 
  you need to go out more if you think most people ( i.e. 
  not your average 20-something internet nerd ) care about privacy . 
  as someone who grew up in the french riviera , i 'm not surprised . 
  hell , when you walk into antibes at night you hear more english than french pretty often . 
   taubira finds the banana well , in french it 's `` taubira retrouve la banane '' , which is also a french idiom , which means she is happy again ( [ avoir la banane ] ( http://fr.wiktionary.org/wiki/avoir_la_banane ) means being happy ) . 
   this are the same french that believed hollande was same kind of saviour what ? 
  even though sarkozy probably was the most hated president we ever had at that point , hollande barely won the election against him ( by less than 2 % ) ... nobody ever believed hollande was a savior , he would never even have made it as the candidate for his party if it was n't for the dsk fiasco ... 
  he was already unpopular and only won because people wanted to get rid of sarkozy ... 
  yeah i 'm from southern france and the only place i 've heard that some people want it to be independent is reddit ... 
   few mountains aside from the alps [ 1 ] . 
  wait ... what ? 
  the alps is the biggest mountain chain in all of europe , and they 're right in the middle , saying that there 's few mountains `` except the alps '' would be like saying that africa has very few deserts `` except the sahara '' or something . 
  the nord department definitely is famous for being one of the poorest regions of france ... its economy used to be based on mining and manufacturing , and since both of these industries collapsed ... 
  that 's actually very interesting if it 's more than a coincidence ... 
  i think it 's interesting how these kinds of maps always seem to show that france is very uniform . 
  except for paris . 
  and it 's different from op 's ... everybody is commenting and drawing conclusions from a map that is completely wrong . 
  these stats are different from op 's ... france is green ( chrome ) , for instance . 
   what ? 
  why are french and britons using ie ? 
  well ... 
  they do n't ? 
  [ the stats from wikipedia ( statcounter , september 2013 ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:countries_by_most_used_web_browser_\\ ( update \\ ) . svg ) disagree . 
  so does every other map like this i 've seen in the recent years . 
  we do n't even know where op found his , he does n't even provide a source . 
  desperados is pretty terrible too . 
  oh and i ca n't stand adelscott , but it 's probably just personal taste ( whisky malt beer is weird ) . 
  pronunciation is definitely the hardest part for us romance language speakers . 
  it 's just a completely different way of speaking . 
  there are some decent french beers ... 
  i like goudale , you can find it in most supermarkets . 
  jenlain and fischer are n't bad either . 
  there 's pietra in corsica , and in r\u00e9union , i remember that they have their own beer too , `` la dodo '' , i do n't really remember how they taste though . 
  but yeah , we mostly drink belgian beers . 
  i do n't even know why , but 95 % of the beers you can find in your local supermarkets in france are belgian . 
  even german beers are hard to find . 
  do n't worry , you can say that you like any beer on reddit , and you 'll have beer snobs tell you that it 's crap and that their favorite beer is some unknown microbrew that only exists in their state :-), 
  yeah , krak\u00f3w is actually the only city i saw in poland . 
  since when do tourists skip it ? 
  to be fair , our protests have music , people selling merguez hot dogs and stuff ... 
  it 's a social event . 
  just like americans go to church on sundays , we go to the protest on sundays . 
  it 's fun :p, 
  i do n't know ... 
  in france we have [ these things ] ( http://i.minus.com/ibzy9ywlb0uugz.jpg ) on which you put your dishes to dry , but it 's not an actual cupboard . 
  i think only finns have it in an actual closed cupboard form . 
  as for / u/igelkotten 's comment i do n't really get it ... 
  does n't it depend on people ? 
  my mom always dried her dishes instantly , i always leave them to dry . 
  the same shit happened in libya though . 
  sarkozy pushed for the attack from the beginning and started it with the uk , and then the us joined and somehow it was all planned by the us all of a sudden . 
  well , the title in french is , `` en trois mois , peu d'unions homosexuelles '' , i.e. 
  `` in three months , few homosexual unions '' . 
  they clearly say they think it 's not a lot , i do n't think my title conveys a very different meaning . 
  you completely missed my point . 
  well usually here it 's just an excuse for a random party , but from what i understand , in some countries ( the us for instance ) , it 's pretty serious . 
  well , it would n't be a lot of adoptions in any case . 
  plus getting engaged is n't very common in france anymore i 'd say ( and it 's probably even more uncommon in the gay community ) . 
  and even if you do , it 's completely unofficial , just a small party with friends . 
  it 's hard to gather statistics about this . 
  yes , especially since marriage is n't big in france , [ the number of marriages per year is steadily decreasing while more and more heterosexual couples choose civil unions instead ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/97/evolution_mariages_pacs_france_insee.png ) ( they were mostly targeted at homosexual couples in the beginning , but more than 95 % of civil unions are between heterosexual couples now ) . 
  marriage has a long religious history , and given how irreligious/antireligious your average frenchman is , this is n't really surprising . 
  5 % is only for the city of strasbourg . 
  it 's 1 % in france . 
  how so ? 
  there is n't even another word for sandwich in french , and it 's in the dictionary of the acad\u00e9mie fran\u00e7aise . 
  i fully disagree . 
  the french are bashed way more than any other nationality , it 's pretty obvious on reddit for instance . 
  if you have a thread about the uk , you do n't always see any uk-bashing jokes , same with the netherlands or spain or sweden or whatever . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen a thread mentioning france on reddit without any surrender jokes , or people bashing the french for other nonsensical reasons ( rudeness , arrogance , refusal to speak english and whatnot ) .
