  yeah a few dozens out of how many thousands ? 
  a few dozen tourists died in paris last year too . 
  wait they were n't ? 
  do n't we go there on a vacation all the time ? 
  this is ridiculous . 
  fwiw i agree with him and i 'm french . 
  which means he must * really * make sense . 
  yes , especially since intervilles was similar but worse . 
  it featured lots of cow fights and in the end , it was either puy du fou or mont de marsan who were cheating and winning , every single time . 
  oh yeah i 'd trade the eurovision for games without borders in a heartbeat . 
   it makes me feel old that there are people who do n't remember giochi senza frontiere . 
  not sure if we 're old , or if we 're from countries where it was popular while op might not be . 
  but yeah , jsf was the shit , i miss it . 
  yeah this is common in poland and hungary ( and probably other eastern european countries ) . 
  look it up it 's pretty funny :-), 
   ( a language app ) i do n't think this is needed on reddit ;-), 
  yeah , not really . 
  sorry you do n't have any good songs in your native language ( which i assume is finnish ) . 
  occitan is basically french with a weird accent . 
  `` emplois jeunes '' were something a former socialist government tried , around 20 years ago . 
  they were essentially the same thing as `` emplois d'avenir '' . 
   i call them fake jobs because it 's basically young people with no education that we put behind a computer in a city hall doing nothing / digitise archives purposeless . 
  it reminds me of emplois jeunes . 
  which were equally pointless . 
   air france another company they 'll manage to bankrupt soon . 
  uh , well , what do you think they do when they check your passports at airports ? 
  they just look at it for a second too ... 
  i mean , it 's not like they 're going to spend 15 minutes reading your name and your date of birth . 
  how is that related ? 
  what i 'm saying is that their journalists can say whatever they want without being sued . 
  regardless or whether they 're good or not . 
  there definitely is a huge problem with press freedom in europe . 
  compared to the us , what you can and ca n't say is waaay more controlled . 
  edit : as an example , a few years ago , french journalist eric zemmour got sued and fined for having claimed that a majority of people who are in jail for drug-related offences in france are of north african origin , even though he had data to back it up . 
  nowadays though , it 's perfectly fine if journalists say that what happened in cologne was mainly done by immigrants , simply because it caused a public outrage . 
  this really shows how nonsensical these anti-discrimination laws are . 
  finnish looks so alien . 
  i love it . 
  at least resigning would be admitting the mistake . 
  for now she does n't admit anything and does n't work to fix the issue either . 
  all the media talked about all week is this reform about stripping french nationality from binational terrorists . 
  some argue for , others argue against , the president and the prime minister are all for it , while a lot of their people in their party disagree , including the minister of justice ( garde des sceaux ) , and they are vocal about it , defying the president and pm . 
  it all sounds like it 's the most important thing in the world , when * it 's a reform that wo n't change anything , ever * , since there are a handful of terrorists , since they usually get shot by the police , and since * they aim to blow themselves up anyway , why on earth would they care about their nationality ? 
  * to me , this is all really symptomatic of france , people arguing about ideological concepts forever and ever even when it wo n't change * anything at all * in practice ... other than that , some guy was shot in front of a police station , because he was welding a knife , wore an explosive jacket and yelled something about allah . 
  another one who wo n't care about potentially losing his french nationality . 
  that 's about it , nothing else really happened , other than our country slowly but surely becoming a police state . 
  it still was n't able to win in any r\u00e9gion . 
  the french two-round system ensures it probably wo n't ever win any major election . 
  not to mention they 're more extreme-left than extreme-right when it comes to the economy , which ( understandably ) puts a lot of people off . 
  well the french right wing ( sarkozy ) behaves the same as merkel , and my understanding is that this is the case in all of western / northern europe . 
  i doubt it will change any time soon . 
   we should completely close the borders as soon as possible . 
  no more migrants . 
  hahaha sure . 
  dude , the right wing is in power and they take 1.1 million migrants in a few months . 
  it 's not like the left wing would take less , and the extremist right-wing parties will never be elected because of the stigma . 
  so there is no way to stop this , whoever you vote for . 
  it will never end . 
  europe is in a dead end . 
  edit : i accidentally a word . 
  not to mention they probably have higher birth rates . 
  i fart in your general direction . 
   has been surviving [ ... if you have very low standards maybe . 
  ] ( http://piketty.blog.lemonde.fr/files/2016/01/f0.jpg ), 
  and germany is so underdeveloped . 
   and that you actually got something out of reading my comment dude , no . 
  all you did was pointing the obvious , that there are different people on reddit . 
  i think everybody realizes that , that 's not informative at all . 
  my point is that some things on reddit reach a very clear consensus , because they really reflect an overwhelmingly common opinion in reddit 's demographic . 
  this is what the hivemind is . 
  when there is always a clear consensus on reddit that refugees are a bad thing , and when there is a clear consensus that fn is bad , you ca n't just explain it by `` oh but it 's different people '' . 
  what do you think , that people on reddit take turns , and that on some threads all users with opinion a comment , while on other threads , all users with opinion b comment ? 
  it makes no sense , if it was the case , these opinions just would n't reach a consensus , the thread would just be lots of people arguing . 
  what is happening here is that since both of these opinions are so popular , it means that a large part of users have * both of them . 
  * which is obviously what i 'm talking about ... 
   i think it 's moreover the fact that dutch belgiums learn french in highschool , but french belgiums do not learn dutch in highschool to be honest , it could just be that people are n't very interested in learning a language that has so few speakers ? 
  this is the case everywhere . 
  people tend to prefer learning foreign languages that have more speakers . 
  always unhappy about the hordes of migrants , but when the french vote for the national front , they 're unhappy about it too . 
  what else are we supposed to do ? 
  vote for sarkozy who behaves exactly like merkel ? 
  when you start as an assistant professor in a french university with a phd , you earn 1750 euro net per month :-) europe really is going to shit when you compare that to american salaries where people with phds earn 6 figure salaries , even in universities ... 
  do we though ? 
  i suspect it 's also because the economy in france is shit at the moment . 
  and it 's relatively easy to emigrate to israel if you 're a jew . 
  and we like our german front porch . 
   it 's for christmas eve , we 're catholic , we do n't eat meat for christmas eve ( fasting day - actually , church no longer requires it , but at this point , it 's a tradition ) . 
  we 're traditionally catholic too and we eat meat for christmas eve ? 
  and i think italians , spaniards , etc. , do , too . 
  interesting , my polish gf was telling me it 's a little angel today . 
  i guess she 's in the minority . 
  are you a german living in the uk ? 
  i was expecting a hexagon . 
  i believe your trauma from ww2 is giving you a false view of what is moral and reasonable or not , which is pretty typical in germany . 
  not to mention i doubt you read her actual comment . 
  all radio channels seem to be talking about star wars non stop . 
  i wonder how much they 're getting paid for that ? 
  thanks mr. 
  genius from germany for knowing better than a large part of the french population what is moral and reasonable for them to do . 
  maybe it would n't be electable in germany , but this is n't germany ...
