  bah , be happy , in a few years we 'll be much lower . 
  yep , it 's pretty small and far away , i doubt we have any opinion on them . 
   our few good stereotypes what ? 
  i thought it was our stereotype !, 
  it 's like the only positive one we 've got !, 
  last time i saw a poll about the eu was n't less popular in france than in other countries , so i do n't really get why only french people would avoid this subreddit . 
  what ? 
  the eu is still pretty popular in france ... 
  wait ... are you saying that countries where riots happen are uncivilized ? 
  what is sad though , is that half the time i see a frenchman talking on reddit , it 's you , lablanquetteestbonne . 
  which probably means that there are n't a lot of us on reddit , due to most french people sucking terribly at english . 
   like 90 % of serbian people will never recognize kosovo as independent state and never will i find this surprising . 
  so most people in serbia would want to force kosovars to be part of serbia ? 
  why ? 
  why do they care ? 
  i think germanic languages are really hard for romance language speakers and vice versa . 
  you rarely encounter native german or english speakers who can speak decent french . 
  so , hmm ... can you elaborate ? 
  i 'm not familiar with serbian politics ... are people upset that kosovo is independent now in serbia ? 
  ah well , some stereotypes are true . 
  the fact that we suck at english in general is definitely true . 
  that stereotype about how the french supposedly refuse to speak english because they 're proud is total bullshit in my opinion though , the main reason why french people wo n't speak english is usually either that they ca n't at all , or that they suck so much at it that they 're ashamed . 
  but do n't get me started about the bullshit stereotypes , like , i do n't agree that the french are dirty and rude chain-smokers ... and french women definitely shave their armpits thank you very much :p, 
   the swedish people in the thread are rather skeptical as to the severeity of this spread in reality , compared to the way the article describes it . 
  yes , that reminds me of the riots in france in 2005 ... 
  some mild riots by poor people in the suburbs following an incident with the police somehow turned into `` omfg muslims in french suburbs are starting a civil war '' in the anglo-saxon media somehow . 
  when it happened i did n't notice anything nor did anyone i knew in france , i learned about it from foreigners i knew who kept asking if there was a civil war in france ( by muslims apparently ? 
  not sure where they got that one from ) . 
  sometimes the media is weird . 
  you have no idea how excited i am right now . 
  yeah my reddit-to-work ratio is very high these days . 
  i wish the bbc understood that about the french . 
  well to be fair , vigipirate has been going on for years ... 
  so in practice we have soldiers walking around with automatic weapons at peacetime in france , yes . 
  then again , they 're pretty harmless , i doubt any of them ever fired their weapons ... 
  since i guess they 're only allowed to in case of a terrorist attack ( happening under their eyes , which seems very unlikely ) . 
  there 's a few of them in airports and train stations in paris , it 's part of the anti-terrorism plan ( vigipirate ) . 
  i do n't get how that helps against terrorism though ... fortunately i 've never seen them outside paris . 
  i do n't know . 
  there 's no declensions and only two genders at least . 
  well . 
  french music is more popular outside of france than i thought then . 
  still much simpler than german . 
  dude , german is * way * too complicated to ever become a lingua franca . 
  the grammar of english is just so much simpler ... plust most germans can speak english pretty well anyways ... 
  to be fair , even in good restaurants you ca n't know if they 're not putting cheaper olive oil in good olive oil bottles . 
  i knew someone who worked in a pretty expensive restaurant in france who used to tell me that they made people pay for evian bottles that they served open , and they were actually refilled with tap water ... 
  i 'm not sure what the outcry was about , it 's good to ban these sort of things , it protects the consumer . 
  honestly coming from southern france ( around the mediterranean too ) , i do n't feel that things are all that different when i go to greece ... 
  it certainly feels like europe to me . 
   maybe we should have a series of posts where people can write about the respective , preferably smaller , less known , countries of europe . 
  do we even have armenians on this subreddit ? 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen one . 
  i had no idea soad was armenian-american ... 
  mind blown . 
  i knew charles aznavour is of armenian origin though , but i 'm surprised you even know about aznavour in poland . 
  well , ca n't we feel that we 're both from country x and european ? 
  seriously ? 
  :d http://eurovision-quotidien.com/audiences-france-3-leurovision-en-berne/ the voice on tf1 got 6.95 million viewers that night , a theater play on france 2 got 2.88 million viewers that night , hawaii 5-0 on m6 got 2.86 viewers that night , and finally the eurovision got 2.7 viewers , i.e. 
  4th place out of the four `` big '' french channels ... 
  if you 're an artist and want recognition you can just go to any french show and get more viewers than that , hell , if you just went to the voice ( which is a singing show too ) on that very night you had more than twice as many viewers ... every night you have shows with way more viewers than the eurovision in france . 
  it 's anything but an opportunity ... 
  are you seriously implying that the french contestants of the eurovision are great/famous french pop artists ? 
  and no , they do n't care about the audience because most french pop artists sell their albums in france and nobody watches the eurovision in france anyways . 
  ... or ... it sucks because nobody cares , so we do n't have several rounds with several competitors where we pick the best one to send him to the eurovision like they do in sweden . 
  instead , it 's aired on a low-audience state channel one night , with a shitty contestant that has been picked god knows how , and that 's it . 
   especially the french . 
  aaah , prejudices and xenophobia . 
  grow up . 
   it 's popular all over . 
  i completely disagree , it clearly is n't in france . 
   i do n't know a god damn soul who watches eurovision . 
  same . 
  but given how people are always talking about eurovision on / r/europe , it seems to be popular in some parts of europe ... 
  i completely agree . 
  if european kids grew up with random european people as their idols , we 'd have a generation that feels european at least . 
   and judging by france 's entries , you people just do n't get it . 
  it 's either too serious , or too `` pff this is stupid '' . 
  it 's not like we pick our entries . 
  it 's always random singers nobody has heard of , i have no clue who picks them . 
  same . . 
  there is a point to eurovision ? 
  / r/europe is basically the only place where i hear about eurovision . 
  it really is a much bigger deal in other countries than it is here ... 
  wait , are you saying that * we * understand the point of eurovision ? 
  which makes me think ... can you imagine how rich and powerful europe would be today if the ussr had n't completely fucked up the economy of half of its countries ? 
  a real shame ... 
  yes but it does n't work for greece ... 
  it works better if you simply observe that the highest the influence of the ussr was , the poorer the country . 
  greece is the exception because it has to do with the communist divide , not religion . 
  not trying to ruin your efforts , but [ the purchasing power density map exists ] ( http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8064/8244605058_f5b3c55493_o.jpg ) . 
  damn , and i thought paris was expensive . 
  ah , someone understood . 
  nope . 
  they insisted that we had to be consistent though , i.e. 
  not mix us and uk spellings . 
  it 's not like it 's school that really teaches you english . 
  the internet does :p edit : in any case , in school , they always mentioned both spellings and said that we could use either . 
  same with words like flat/apartment , bill/check , autumn/fall , etc. 
  not really , france has a low population density pretty much everywhere other than the coastline and paris ... and around lyon maybe .
