  you seem to be an expert in strawmen . 
   guys . 
  stop worrying about terrorism . 
  more people died in car crashes . 
  / s i think you 're missing the point here . 
  when people say that , what they usually mean is that as a french person you should n't be afraid to go outside . 
  i do n't think i 've heard anyone claim that two major terrorist attacks in a year wo n't have an impact on tourism , on morale , or on politics . 
  pretty sure he was n't on the team . 
  everywhere else we call your condition `` idiot who ca n't count '' . 
  this is kind of a stupid thing to say . 
  you ca n't really compare developed and poor countries . 
  on the contrary , it shows that what i 'm saying is true . 
  china only manages to get so many medals given its low gdp per capita * thanks to its sheer amount of people * . 
  so ... you 're wrong . 
   we sent way , way , way more athletes altogether . 
  this is irrelevant because each of these athletes was picked from a much smaller pool of people . 
  when you have to pick * less * people from a much larger population , you pick only the very best . 
   the us won more medals than any other nation in the world . 
  which is exactly what you would expect when you only have one developed country with such a large population ... 
  but since the us has way less athletes per capita , each athlete is picked from a much larger pool of people , which makes them better on average ? 
  so in the end , what matters is population ? 
  the fuck ? 
  the us has way more people than these countries . 
  it does terrible at the olympics . 
  how so ? 
  you only need to take the uk , france and germany together to have way more medals than the us . 
  if you compare all of europe vs. the us , it did much better at the olympics . 
  yes , but this is in the australian press , not international . 
  sure , there is a bias for tiny countries , but many of the countries above the uk have more than 5 million people . 
  even netherlands and australia are above the uk in the number of medals per capita with more than 15 million people , and yet nobody talks about them . 
  honestly i do n't get russia . 
  it feels like they 're just constantly trying to be evil for the sake of it , because they think it 's badass or something . 
  even if you say you like the socialist party they downvote you to oblivion for being too right-wing . 
  / r/europe is funny . 
  each time the fn gets a high score in the elections , we get tons of french-bashing threads , with people being all like `` omg the french are racists shame shame '' . 
  each time there is a thread about terrorism in france , people are all like `` omg the french let too many muslims in shame shame '' . 
  it 's confusing . 
  edit : grammar, 
  erm , and what exactly can we do ? 
  it 's probably too late to fix anything . 
  i 've never seen the greek so happy before ... thank you turkey , all your crap brings joy to your neighbor . 
  but you can still say you have a gay minister . 
  serbia trying to stay relevant with all these people talking about kosovo 's gold medal . 
  especially if i 'm given food and money !, 
   cant argue about your views . 
  poland and ireland are also deeply religious . 
  they are in a very unstable region that feeds authoritarianism . 
  poland and ireland do n't purge thousands of `` deeply religious '' people , sorry . 
  some religions are more problematic than others . 
   what do you expect then ? 
  no purges ? 
  how is any of what you 're saying related to the issue at hand ? 
  he edited the link . 
  i clicked too early . 
  well because given they shit turkey does these days only turks are still defending it . 
  did he really say `` pagina non trovata ( 404 ) '' ?? 
  man , even if it were useful , i 'd rather live in a place with occasional terrorist attacks than in a fucked up society that tortures people . 
  no thanks . 
  this is our speciality . 
  but actually they do n't even trace you . 
  they just tell the police whether you left a given area or not . 
  you can freely commit terrorist attacks in the area !, 
  is n't it awesome ? 
   it really is n't . 
  the only issue is you need to be 100 % the target knows for a fact the information you need . 
  even if they do , they might just say something else . 
  confessions you obtained under torture are completely unreliable . 
   governments would n't do it if it was as useless as reddit wants us to believe . 
  that 's kind of a shitty argument . 
  so if someone did something stupid , we have to do something stupid too , because since someone did it then surely it was n't stupid ? 
   if it 's so easy , please give us a list of european leaders willing to put their political career on the line to help refugees . 
  it 's not like they do n't do it because it 's hard . 
  they do n't do it because everybody ( other than merkel ) thinks it 's a terrible idea . 
  well the article is only a few quotes , and i translated the most interesting one in the title . 
  the other ones seem understandable with gt in this particular instance , though . 
  sorry about the article being in french , / r/europe does n't allow google translated links , while they allow articles in foreign languages , for some reason ( dclauzel ? ) . 
  [ here is the translated version . 
  not worth it , honestly . 
  plus these are people who are ready to make themselves explode . 
  i doubt they 're afraid of being waterboarded . 
  yes . 
  torture is useless . 
  but keeping people who are known to be radicalized and who actually tried to go to syria behind bars would be nice . 
  when you need to use blackmail to get the eu to keep negociating with your dictatorship , you know your country is fucked . 
  oh , no need for that . 
  just say something that is n't pro-immigration and the media makes sure to quote one sentence out of context non-stop and call you racist until your party kicks you out . 
  it 's easy to win an argument when the opposing side 's argument is deemed un-pc , socially unacceptable , nazi-like . 
  intimidation works . 
  i 'm sure we 'll take drastic measures like keep him in jail for a few months !, 
  i mean , the el khomri reform would be considered a minor thing in most other countries . 
  even with it , our job market has less flexibility than in most other eu countries . 
  but the french tend to live on another planet . 
  it sounds like the `` confessions '' they got from the templars before the purges in the middle ages . 
   during the coup attempt , european media did n't side with the government and stayed silent , european governments also stayed silent until coup was successfully suppressed and it was clear that the government won . 
  i remember that night , they were covering it live from the beginning . 
   being political opponent is one thing , being a member of islamic cult which desires to make iranian revolution 2.0 in turkey is another . 
  dude , they 're * university workers * . 
  even if you really hate their political opinions , firing them for that makes your government a piece of shit . 
  this kind of shit only happens in dictatorships and police states . 
  i ca n't believe you 're defending purges .
