  and there already are 100 % english-language master 's in my university . 
  i think a lot of people have a very wrong view of what france actually is like . 
  got ta agree . 
  there 's always music and food and stuff . 
  that 's what we do on week-ends when we 're bored . 
  also note that today there were both an anti-gay marriage protest and an anti-homophobia protest at the same time in paris . 
  there 's been tons of pro-gay marriage protests too . 
  but somehow you only see people discussing the anti-gay marriage protests on reddit . 
  everybody is always protesting each time a major law is passed in france ... 
  oh , please . 
  all polls show that an overwhelming majority of french people are pro-gay marriage and there has been just as many pro-gay marriage protests . 
  it 's just that everybody is always protesting each time a major law is passed in france . 
  but somehow , the foreign ( anglo-saxon usually ) media only seems to care about the stuff that makes france look bad . 
  shit how did i miss that :o, 
  i must say , that one surprised me too . 
  why ? 
  if you 're talking about western europe at least , it pretty much is . 
   you would n't cheer if two murderers ( who were obviously going to murder in the future , as well ) were taken off the street ? 
  no come on , there was no such thing at all when mohammed merah was shot . 
  wait , what ? 
  til, 
   but then there are times like this when everything changes and many places on reddit feel entirely alien to you . 
  yep , that 's exactly how i feel these days ... 
  most of the time you do n't really feel the cultural difference on reddit all that much . 
  and then all of a sudden it turns into a very strange place . 
  it 's not even about circlejerking , it 's not like i think europe is better than the us etc. , but when you feel like the whole website has turned into something very foreign it feels nice to see that at least there are a few people on this subreddit who feel the same :p, 
  this comment was weird . 
  exactly , it feels like people are happy because they got their `` revenge '' ... 
  it feels so fucked up . 
  with all this talk about how the whole point of the justice system is the protection of society and the reintegration of criminals ( not revenge hopefully ) , it 's a bit odd . 
  not saying it 's bad , but it 's very surprising to cheer for having caught a man i 'd say . 
  for instance , when mohamed merah was shot by the police after his terrorist attack ( in france ) , there was none of this ... that 's when you notice how different cultures can be among western countries . 
  the gdp per capita of spain is more than 2x the gdp per capita of bulgaria ... 
  i 'm all for using hyperbole but let 's be realistic here . 
  because numbers are useless , we have the numpad for this . 
  however , having fast access to parentheses , quotes , ampersands , equal signs , etc. , is fucking awesome . 
  but i doubt translations of this book can be any good . 
  yes . 
  or even stupid reality shows . 
  if our teenage girls grew up watching european idol and being fangirls of random european youngsters from these kind of shows , they would probably feel more european ... 
  i know the language barrier might make things a bit difficult , but honestly it would probably be possible to overcome it with a bit of creativity . 
  i can name dozens of french tv celebs , but hell , i ca n't think of a single one from any other european country ... 
  there is no global european pop culture , how can people feel they 're from europe when things are like this . 
  well of course among the millions of websites and thousands of tv channels in europe everything exists ... what i was trying to convey was obvious though . 
  stuff nobody reads/watches . 
  i mean , it 's not like euronews can compete with national news channels , it 's usually utter shit ... and none of these are as popular as le monde , el pais or der spiegel in their respective countries ... 
  i think it would have been the exact same thing in any case , because * nothing * has ever been done to make people feel european , in my opinion . 
  i completely disagree . 
  it happens automatically between poor and rich regions of all countries and even though there are always a few complaints , it never turns into a crisis like it 's the case now in europe . 
  if the eu was a single country , helping out greece would be a non-issue ( people would n't even really realize it happens ) . 
  read this for instance : http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2012/05/the-difference-between-the-us-and-europe-in-1-graph/256857/  the germans call this sort of thing `` a permanent bailout . '', 
  we just call it `` missouri . '', 
  this is straight to the point . 
  nobody complains about the us helping out missouri whereas there 's a huge crisis when eu countries help out greece , even though it 's a similar scenario . 
  why ? 
  simply because in the us it 's just helping out fellow americans , it feels perfectly natural , whereas in the eu , it 's seen as helping those supposedly lazy greeks , which is n't acceptable when you feel like you 're a hard-working german . 
  creating a feeling of `` being european '' for eu citizens ... we all have our own newspapers , tv channels , etc. , we do n't have any global european media , for instance . 
  people do n't really feel european , they feel german , spanish , italian , french , etc. 
  there ca n't really be any well accepted solidarity between eu countries in that context . 
  in the us , richer states `` give money '' ( indirectly ) to poorer states , and the same thing happens in all countries ... nobody cares , but when it 's about helping greece , then your average eu citizen is going to complain because it 's bloody foreigners . 
  the eu does n't seem to address this problem at all though . 
  i 'll never understand why . 
   you 're underestimating the tourism sector . 
  dude i come from the french riviera ... 
   i was mainly referring to the under-30 generation which has english proficiency equal with scandinavia . 
  but then it 's the same in every country ...  everyone is forced to speak english since alot if not most of our tourists come from uk . 
  when do you ever need to talk with tourists except maybe if you 're a waiter ... 
  oh , please ... let 's be serious for a minute . 
  because it 's their native language ? 
  i 'm more surprised that greece is missing . 
  i 'd say most people ? 
  each time you visit a city/town/village in say , france or italy , the first thing you usually visit is the churche ( s ) , because they 're usually very pretty , full of old art . 
  sure , we could sell all this and it could help a few poor people for a short while , but at what price ? 
  that 's basically the quickest way to make your country way uglier and to sacrifice a lot of its culture/history . 
   seriously though , i do n't believe horse meat is `` taboo '' as such in britain . 
  it just is n't popular . 
  to be fair it 's the same in france ... 
  i 've tried horse once in my life , and that 's because i was curious . 
  you can find it here , but i would n't say it 's common or that the french ` love ' horse meat ... 
  it 's mostly that it 's a place where a lot of rich people from all nationalities ( especially brits and russians ) move . 
  being from the alpes-maritimes , i 'm always surprised when i go back how many british people live there these days ... you sometimes hear more english than french in the city center of antibes . 
  this exactly . 
  i have no issues with eating horse , but if random horse meat whose origin nobody knows ends up in the meat we eat , what else does ? 
  it 's pretty scary . 
  sure , like with abortion . 
  i do n't really think splitting france in half makes sense . 
  i 'm from southern france , living in paris now , and i do n't think there 's a large cultural difference at all . 
  i do n't really think southern france has much in common with portugal , spain or italy . 
  france is also the biggest country in western europe ... you do n't achieve that if you suck at warring . 
  what was wrong with chirac ? 
  most foreigners seem to hate him due to the anti-french propaganda by the american/british media following his refusal to go to war in iraq . 
  i do n't get it at all . 
  to me they 're very different colors ? 
  are you sure you are not colorblind or something ? 
  i do n't really get how you can get the 5/10/20 euro banknotes confused , green/red/blue are as different as you can get . 
  yeah , being from the southeast i had no clue there was an occitan movement that wanted the south of france to secede ? 
  that makes me doubtful about the rest of the map . 
  being from that bright orange area in southeastern france , living in paris now makes me want to cry . 
  i ca n't imagine living in these scary blue areas . 
  heh , you have balls to say that on reddit .
