  my four grandparents were also born in southern france and french was their native language - none of them could speak a dialect . 
  i also have family in corsica , and the situation is the same here - the only person i remember i 've heard speaking a regional language was a very old uncle of mine who could speak a bit of corsican but he died 15 years ago . 
  i now live in paris , i 've met people from all around france , and i 've never met anyone else who could speak a regional language - except a few people from brittany who learned a bit of breton at school , but it was purely artificial : it 's been reintroduced in schools by the government , it 's not like their family could speak breton before . 
  the situation is completely different from neighboring countries , our regional languages have died a very long time ago due to centuries of uniformisation . 
  we could add official regional languages but it would be pretty ridiculous , why not add latin while we 're at it ? 
  this only makes sense when you still have people who speak the languages . 
  okay , i thought you were only talking about presidents - i 'd say the previous ones we 've had were always pro-europe during the elections . 
   the national elites of those countries are pro-european . 
  the only time they 're against it , it 's to win national elections . 
  but once they 're in business ... 
  i do n't think hollande was n't pro-europe during the elections ... 
  being pro-europe is pretty popular in france . 
  ^ ( his comment was the second top ranked comment back then , the first one being just a summary . 
  everybody can submit their top 5 but it 's not like anyone is going to read it . 
  also why are we writing in superscript , that 's fucking retarded . ), 
  ^ ( i have a secret for you : the amount of comments and their order changes over time ), 
  interesting how the [ constitutional council in france just approved the gay marriage bill that also grants adoption to homosexual couples ] ( http://www.france24.com/en/20130517-france-constitutional-court-council-approves-gay-marriage-bill ) on the same day . 
  it seems that in these days of crisis , since politicians ca n't do much about the economy , they focus more on societal issues . 
  which is a good thing !, 
  oh , please , sarkozy spent years saying that france should be more like the uk and that we should follow their economic model ... 
  he was very pro-uk . 
  of course you can always find a random quote nobody has heard about that goes either way . 
  but , it seems that uk newspapers actively look for any random quote that can be viewed negatively from france to get offended about . 
  i agree . 
  people on / r/europe are always complaining about muslims , but here i do n't really think their religion is usually an issue ... 
  most muslims you meet in france come from algeria/tunisia/morocco , and they 're usually very mild about religion ( even the ones who actually are believers usually drink alcohol , etc. , ) . 
  there are problems with immigrants of course , because they tend to be poorer than the rest of the population , but i do n't think it 's an issue of religion at all ... 
  yeah but i do n't know , i do n't think we pick brits in particular when we `` take the piss '' out of another nationality in france . 
  we have a lot of belgian jokes , but i do n't think there are a lot of jokes targeted against brits . 
  then again it sort of makes sense , the uk mostly fought wars against france for centuries since it 's right across the channel , whereas france has a lot of neighbors and has fought wars against all of them ... 
  but in any case , the last conflict between france and the uk is almost 200 years old so i 'm not quite sure why the animosity still persists . 
  i always find it surprising when the `` serious '' british press makes anti-french jokes though . 
  that does n't really seem professional at all , in my opinion we do n't have the same anti-uk jokes in the french media ... edit : i accidentally a word . 
  * barcelona * vienna * paris * madrid * lisbon, 
  needs more barcelona . 
  oh come on , he did n't say it like that at all ... 
  the uk has been reluctant to be part of europe since the very beginning , he 's just saying that it 's okay , we can survive without them . 
  not to mention that this xenophobia thing is something that brits have against the french , not the opposite ... 
  i 'd say it could just show that we 're more honest , and do n't feel like we need to answer `` yes yes please i want black people as neighbors it 's my dream i am not racist i swear '' because that 's the politically correct thing to say . 
  the question from the poll is pretty stupid ... 
  actually i think it 's a very good description of the french mindset ... like , `` we suck and we 're screwed , but we are better than the others for admitting/realizing it ! '' . 
  typical clinical depression . 
  yes , eurovision is a total joke . 
  it 's pretty ridiculous it 's the only european tv show we have ( now that we do n't have game without borders anymore ... ) . 
  haha , i always wondered the same thing ... 
  same thing with intervilles ( which is basically the french version of this , except with cities instead of countries ) . 
  hmm , i definitely watched jeux sans fronti\u00e8res when i was a kid in the 90 's ... 
  fwiw , it would amuse me , too . 
  ah , right , m\u00e9lenchon does the same thing here , always pretending he 's the voice of the people when his score was only ~ 11 % at the previous elections ... 
  said the butthurt german . 
  in france the only religious party i know of is the parti chr\u00e9tien d\u00e9mocrate , and they have two seats out of 577 at the assembly ... then again france is way less religious than germany in general . 
  does anyone do anything special for the ascension though ? 
  i 'm not even sure religious people do . 
  fwiw , never heard of this on the news here . 
  same in france ... it 's ascension day . 
  given how anti-religious your average frenchman is , if they replaced a religious holiday with europe day , i 'm pretty sure most people would approve . 
  there was n't a lot of people in this protest in bastille last week-end ... not sure it 's really relevant . 
  especially given all the protests we get in france all the time . 
  i , for one , hope it will happen . 
  we can either switch back to isolated countries or become a federal europe . 
  option 2 is much better in my opinion . 
  the real issue with europe right now is that we are in-between . 
  are you new to the intertubes ? 
  poland still ca n't . 
  i love all euro coins . 
  i get all excited when i get a coin from slovenia , malta or monaco . 
  let 's face it , having completely new coins , bills and a new currency was very cool . 
  that 's really something that i 've only ever seen on reddit . 
  wtf is this food that the eu directly gives to people ? 
  where does it happen ? 
  under which conditions ? 
  do a lot of americans actually believe people outside the us think their country is the `` best '' ? 
  that 's so crazy . 
  i thought i was on / r/rance when i saw the title . 
  sarkozy was hated in france for taking so many positions on everything , it was regarded as him being `` hyperactive '' . 
  people voted for hollande because they wanted a `` normal '' president , so i do n't think he 'll change . 
  i 've never heard of such a thing ... you really are the 1 % . 
  also , `` omelette du fromage '' . 
  it 's `` omelette au fromage '' , goddammit !, 
  i can think of dozens of offensive things foreigners constantly say about france , but they sure as hell know it 's rude/offensive . 
  ( and then they call us rude ), 
   i do n't think you understand the hell of being an orphan when there 's too few families in total , let alone families that are n't dysfunctional or abusive , that are fostering or adopting children . 
  that is n't the case in france at least . 
  there are way more families trying to adopt than orphaned children . 
  uh , no ? 
  i 've never heard of this in france at least , but go ahead and prove it . 
  one data point does n't a statistic make . 
  i do n't think it 's the truth . 
  it 's not like there are a lot of muslims at the anti gay marriage protests . 
  it 's mostly white christians . 
  just to clarify , there have been many posts claiming that the law was passed in france on reddit during the past few months , but it was never the case - until now it was just temporarily validated by either the senate or the assembly , but the process was not over . 
  this time , it 's really over - the law is passed . 
  why would it be the foreign legion ? 
  why are people always talking about the foreign legion on reddit when the french army is mentioned ? 
  it seems to be way more famous abroad than it is here . 
  yeah , jura , wtf ? 
  and somehow , only berne in switzerland ? 
   i have been to many scientific meetings in france , including at the sorbonne , and they were all held in english . 
  hmm , i 'm french , working in a research lab in france , and we speak english all day . 
  everything we publish is in english too .
