  france has always been less powerful than germany and it 's always worked . 
  our presidents keep getting lower score regardless of what they do , it 's more about people complaining about the crisis than anything else . 
  the fn is far from becoming the strongest force in the country , because our two-round voting system prevents them from getting elected : they have 2 deputies out of 577 and 2 senators out of 348 , give me a break . 
  the reason more and more people vote for them is because they 're the only anti-eu party that is n't completely irrelevant . 
  there is only one fix for the euro , and we all know what it is : creating a fiscal union , which probably means a federal europe . 
  but it will never happen , because politicians like to keep their power , we do n't even have the option to vote for this . 
  and it scares everybody . 
  the only other solution for europe is to get rid of the euro , which scares everybody too . 
  so we 're stuck in this broken system forever until we 're all poor . 
  yay . 
  so wait , are you saying the picture is wrong ? 
  what is the biggest fast food chain in greece then ? 
  do you have any source ? 
  dude , you 're saying that starbucks will never get big in greece in the comments of a post that says that starbucks is the biggest fast-food chain in greece ? 
  well that does n't mean you ca n't appreciate other cold coffee drinks . 
  i do n't know , when i was in greece everybody everywhere was drinking iced coffee . 
  i can see how frappucinos could be popular in a country like that . 
  well , after this whole greek debacle , it will never become one for sure . 
  yes , because mitterand was totally trying to bankrupt germany . 
  funny how until recently everybody in this subreddit was circlejerking about how europe should be a federation , which would mean money transfers from the richer to the poorer regions ( like inside any country ) . 
  but now that a poorer region of europe is in a difficult situation , the whole european sentiment is thrown out of the window and everybody hates the poorer parts of europe . 
  yep , it definitely can not be that we have doubts about doing the same thing that has n't been working for years over and over again and expecting different results . 
  yeah , even more so . 
  we do n't sell otc drugs outside pharmacies . 
  it really feels like a lot of french people thought debt relief was necessary and that this whole farce showed that the eu is more disguised german imperialism through bullying than anything else ... 
  pretty sure even more people will vote for the front national now ( since they 're the only major party that is anti-eu ) . 
  you 're not helping your case . 
  the imf has been saying that for the past two weeks at least . 
  also , the head of the imf is french . 
   so can the troika finally get their head out of their ass and face facts now ? 
  not with the way finns and germans behave these days ... 
  nope , but definitely assholes . 
  honestly the attitude of germans and finns in this whole thing has been disgusting . 
  i predict that the front national will get even higher scores in our next elections , which is understandable . 
  who would want to stay in this europe of bullies ? 
  honestly the attitude of germans and finns in this whole thing has been disgusting . 
  i predict that the front national will get even higher scores in our next elections , which is understandable . 
  who would want to stay in this europe of bullies ? 
  i do n't really get why other countries do that though . 
  they 'd lose less money with debt relief than going on with this bullshit for years . 
  we 'll always be called cheese-eating surrender monkeys , and we have n't even surrendered in 70 + years !, 
  i feel your pain bro . 
   it 's almost as if politicians care more about maximising their votes well in france at least i do n't think it will maximize their votes ... 
  most people thought debt relief was needed . 
   what is the point of this ? 
  we now admit that our parents ' parent 's killed someone else 's parent 's parents . 
  it 's not even that . 
  we now admit that the fact that our parents ' parents killed someone else 's parents ' parents now can be called a name with worse connotations than before . 
  more like , what 's with the numbers in the other countries ? 
  i 'm really surprised by all the ridiculous greece-bashing circlejerk on / r/europe which is n't at all what i see irl , but when i see this poll it seems to explain it : all those northerners have lost it . 
  except not really . 
  i 've lived in the south of france for about 25 years and i 've never met an occitan speaker . 
  this is not at all the same as italian dialects , which are actually spoken . 
  i 'm glad at least for once they did n't claim that half of france was speaking occitan , which would be even more ridiculous ( and is very common on maps i see on reddit ) . 
  so is calling the french catholic ... 
  but this map is about cultural heritage , not actual religious people . 
  do n't bother , / r/europe just irrationally hates greece . 
  pretty pathetic , really . 
  found the brit . 
  way to get offended for the sake of being offended without understanding the argument at all . 
  good day . 
  sounds like * putana * . 
  you would if you could though . 
  being proud of that is pretty pathetic . 
  eh , someone who actually understands how money is created . 
  go away , you 're too smart for / r/europe . 
  i do n't know about people , but / r/europe , yes . 
  hell , even the mainstream media says greece did the right thing nowadays . 
  the possibility of not getting your money back when you lend is part of the contract . 
  that 's why you get interest , to reward you for taking that risk ... 
  / r/europe is full of butthurt eastern europeans , i do n't get it really . 
  they 're all like , `` we are more poor than greece , so fuck them ! '' . 
  yes , there are poorer countries than greece , does that mean that greece ca n't crash ? 
  how are romania and bulgaria related to anything , just because they 're neighbors ? 
  the day the us economy crashes , will mexico be all like `` they are n't as poor as us ! '', 
  too ? 
  the day japan crashes , will china say the same thing ? 
  the day germany crashes will the czech say the same thing ? 
  greece has a completely different history than former communist countries , it makes as much sense to compare greece to them as it would to compare greece and somalia . 
  all threads about greece on / r/europe these days are full of butthurt romanians . 
  wtf ? 
  of course not . 
   there are billions of fundings that would flow in greece immidiatly if greece ever came to the point that the structur was changed in a manner that anything can florish again right ... 
  well i live in canada too these days , and it reaches 29 \u00b0 c every day . 
  it 's funny how they call it a `` heat wave '' here too , since i 'm from the french riviera where it 's usually above 30 \u00b0 c all summer . 
  he 's wrong though . 
  funny how just two days ago everybody was saying that varoufakis and tsirpas were complete amateurs who fucked up and i was one the very few ones in the thread saying that it was a brilliant political move ... today everybody changed their mind ... oh , / r/europe , so fickle always . 
  edit : [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3bqgmp/tsipras_prepared_to_accept_all_bailout_conditions/csotr44 ), 
  hey what the fuck !, 
  nice ( where i 'm from ) is famous for its olives ( and its olive oil ) !, 
  idk man , holidays on greek islands are good for my health . 
  i know everybody hates him on / r/europe and all , but i 'm not quite sure you guys are right . 
  i think what he 's done might be a brilliant political move . 
  in the end , they 'll get their bailout , but the greek will feel like they had a leader who tired everything , and * made things happen * , single-handedly causing a total mess in the eu for a few days . 
  people were tired of being told what to do for years without being sure it was the only option , now they know . 
  if all of this works i think the greek will love tsirpas . 
  hell , he 'll probably manage to get another haircut off the debt . 
  but we 'll see i guess . 
   we did n't blackmail an entire union of 28 states , and it would n't have been right if we did it . 
  you did n't because you could n't .
