  heh i broke one bulb in my life and it was a cfl . 
  i 'm not clumsy , give me a break . 
  i 'm not the one who broke the other ones . 
  if you think a common object made of glass is n't something people regularly break you 're being delusional . 
  anyway , unfortunately last time i checked it was hard to find leds that were truly powerful . 
  but yes , it 's always been the long-term plan behind the ban according to the eu : cfls being better in terms of energy but not great because of their use of heavy metals , they were supposed to be the temporary solution until leds got powerful enough . 
   how would you distinguish a person that buys them for home , from the person that is a carpenter with machines that rotate with a high speed and you need to use the old bulb unless you want to lose your arm or hand ? 
  okay i think you do n't get my point . 
  i 'm not discussing whether the police is going to come to your place if you buy light bulbs on the internet because you ca n't find them in regular stores anymore , they probably wo n't . 
  i 'm just saying that they were banned to save energy , and in practice , from what i see , the ban is effective , you ca n't find them in regular stores , at least in france , and i doubt the average person loves incandescent light bulbs so much that they buy them online to circumvent the ban . 
  so i was wondering if it actually had an impact on the environment , since it was the whole point of this ban and the number of people who use incandescent light bulbs probably has dropped now . 
  no , it 's [ cfls ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/compact_fluorescent_lamp ) , which is what they replaced incandescent light bulbs with ... 
  i broke one , which was a pain to clean properly on a wooden floor full of holes . 
  in the office of the guy who managed the office when i used to live in canada , the guy had boxes of cfl bulbs , with broken ones on the floor that he never cleaned for weeks ... 
  so ... that 's two , in a a few years only . 
  are you sure ? 
  if you check their website : http://www.carrefour.fr/search/site/--ampoules/15 they have six pages of bulbs , but not a single incandescent bulb ... 
  i think the police is going to enforce the law if a store aimed to individuals sells them though ? 
  otherwise , how come they all stopped selling them years ago ? 
  i mean , a minority probably goes through the trouble to circumvent the law , but i think this is n't the majority . 
  if it is , what was the point of this ban in the first place ? 
  okay , so it 's illegal to use them outside of industrial use ? 
  i highly doubt the average person breaks the law for this and goes to stores that are not targeted to non-industrial customers , or buys them online illegally ... 
  they certainly have n't been available anymore in regular stores in france for many years , whether it 's supermarkets or diy stores like castorama ( maybe stores in poland do n't give a fuck and still sell them illegally to regular customers ? 
  this is clearly illegal , people in the comments say they buy them online because they ca n't find them in stores anymore ... 
  then i wonder why phasing them out was needed ... 
  especially since when you break one it spills mercury everywhere ... 
  okay , i 'm confused , you ca n't in france . 
  they have been phased out since the end of 2012 , see [ this ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-08-1909_en.htm?locale=en ) , [ this ] ( http://www.leds.de/en/the-incandescent-light-bulb-ban-in-eu/ ) , or [ this ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2012/aug/31/lightbulbs-incandescent-europe ) , for instance . 
  is there an exception for the czech republic ? 
  is n't merkel supposed to be right-wing ? 
  she 's been acting really weird during this whole migrant thing . 
  that guy is brave, 
   it 's not the 1800s anymore matey , there is n't some hidden anti-french agenda going on here . 
  heh , there does n't need to be an agenda . 
  people grow up in a culture , and it gives them opinions . 
  the british press is constantly bashing france , it 's nothing new . 
  interestingly , it 's pretty much a one-way thing . 
  far , far , far from it . 
  if you 're from a tiny country maybe . 
  is it really enforced more in france than in germany or the uk ? 
  that sounds pretty subjective . 
   for berlin it definitely is the case . 
  you really , really overestimate the % of gdp that comes from tourism ... 
  in developed countries it 's always very low . 
  so brave . 
  if you think the only people who vote fn are poor people with no university degree , you 're buying your head in the sand . 
   stop blaming others for your problems and start to aknowledge that if people like le pen are raising in power it 's france people fault . 
  or maybe , it 's because a lot of people in france are tired of being told it 's `` their fault '' , as if they were guilty of something , when all they do is vote for a perfectly legit candidate whose actual views are a lot less crazy than what a lot of people on / r/europe would like us to believe . 
  sounds like wishful thinking . 
  le pen manages to have more votes than everybody else in the first turn , and yet wins nothing in the end though . 
  yeah but it would be like saying that nazi germany `` peaked '' in eastern europe and that the uk ended german dominance in europe by winning ww2 or something . 
  it has nothing to do with being pedantic . 
  it 's the first time i 've heard of `` the end of french dominance '' being caused by napol\u00e9on being defeated . 
  it 's kind of a ridiculous interpretation of history . 
  france has declined over a long time . 
  just like the uk has declined over a long time . 
  it was n't related to one defeat a few years after france conquered the whole continent . 
  if anything , this defeat brought france back to where it was a few years before ... not to mention that napol\u00e9on lost against a coalition of countries , not to `` the uk '' . 
  is that really what they teach you in school ? 
  that the uk single-handedly ended france 's dominance in europe by winning a war against napol\u00e9on or something ? 
  it 's a bit scary . 
  the new world order !, 
   the french dominance in europe came to an end after losing a massive and bloody war against the uk . 
  are you talking about napol\u00e9on ? 
  that would be a `` french dominance '' that lasted for a few years only . 
  strange interpretation of history . 
  people have been saying that since the brexit vote , but the eu does n't seem more united than before at all . 
  i have little hope to be honest . 
   well except the french ... uh ? 
  france has the opposite of a winner-takes-all political system , which is why we have more than 30 % of the population voting for le pen , and always less than three fn mps out of hundreds . 
  honestly , we 're losing more ground every decade . 
  most of the biggest tech giants are from the us . 
  amazon is killing our shops , uber is killing our taxis , spacex will probably kill ariane , tesla will probably lead the electric car market despite european car makers trying to compete . 
  it 's time to move out i guess . 
  what a mess . 
  man , all this popcorn is going to make me fat . 
   i live in the netherlands and it is legal to carry marijuana to a degree . 
  which is completely different from `` weed is legal '' . 
  also , if you look at the map , you 'll see that there is a lot of weed seized in the netherlands for a country this size . 
  it 's not . 
  smoking weed is decriminalized , not smuggling/selling it . 
  damn . 
  i had n't checked the link . 
  are we really such junkies ? 
  i mean . 
  do the handful of people who can speak some occitan really have a different lifestyle that would be helped if they could find some random arr\u00eat\u00e9 written in occitan ? 
  i highly doubt it . 
  the comparison with gay marriage does n't really make sense in my opinion . 
  funny how yesterday you posted a comment saying it 's hard to find anyone who can speak occitan in france ( `` c'est d\u00e9j\u00e0 difficile de trouver un occitanophone '' ) and now you act like there are places where it 's commonly spoken . 
  first , france signed the eu charter , it 's just not ratified yet . 
  same situation as italy , while countries like ireland , belgium , or portugal have n't even signed it yet . 
  the eu charter would mean translating every single document from the state , local administrations , etc. , in languages that are spoken by a handful of people who all also know french . 
  in a time where we are trying to lower the % of our gdp spent on state workers ( one of the highest in europe ) , would it really make sense to hire hordes of translators to translate thousands over thousands of documents to languages like occitan ? 
  i 've lived in the south of france for most of my life and i 've never even met an occitan speaker . 
  hell , even my four grandparents who were born here did n't speak occitan . 
  i 'm not even sure where they 'd find the translators . 
  and i do n't see what the point would be : the handful of people who still speak occitan also speak french , so it 's not like they face any difficulties or are oppressed by any of this . 
  if the idea is to revive the languages , i highly doubt translating state documents nobody reads anyway helps in any way ... 
  i think it 's more that most people do n't care about minority languages because they 've been mostly dead for so long in france that they do n't associate with them or their culture .
