  idiot . 
  ah yes . 
  the perfect answer when you know you 're wrong and you 're out of arguments . 
   maybe if you controlled your borders properly erm , you 're aware that france being in the schengen area , we basically have zero borders ? 
  you 're an idiot who is completely clueless about the geography of france . 
  the countries who did that were tiny countries with lots of efficient natural borders . 
  which is why it worked to some extent . 
  where exactly are you going to put fences in france , genius ? 
  this does n't really make sense . 
  you could get around these hot spots very easily . 
  i think you 're completely missing that what is happening here is a completely unnatural situation : british border control does not happen at the british border . 
  things are only like this thanks to the touquet agreements and the goodwill of france . 
  all france needs to do is to rescind their agreements , and you will have to deal with your border like any other country in the world . 
  your government representative is feeding you feel-good propaganda and you 're swallowing it . 
  russia blames others for everything . 
  so you think france should start re-creating a border control force by hiring thousands of people and re-establish borders controls across its 3000km of borders , which will probably take years , and then you fire then ... 
  when ? 
  since it should n't be permanent ? 
  will the situation change in a few years somehow ? 
  ah yeah right . 
  a 2500 + km fence in the middle of the schengen area . 
  you 're making perfect sense . 
  it 's the guardian . 
  of course it 's editorialized . 
   not only uk needs access to eu market , eu countries need access to uk market too . 
  you say that like it 's symmetrical . 
  the uk needs access to the eu market a lot more than the opposite . 
  going back to boats would probably cost the uk a lot . 
  i also do n't see why it would be france that should provide `` security '' for you . 
  do it on your own ? 
  sure , sure . 
  but there is still a huge `` jungle '' . 
  saying there wo n't be a camp at all is a bit optimistic . 
  yeah , somehow i doubt you 'll find a neighbor who will accept this given the situation in calais . 
  yeah , i highly doubt the uk would be suicidal enough to cut themselves off from the continent by bankrupting eurotunnel . 
  all right-wing candidates , jupp\u00e9 , sarkozy , and mlp . 
  it 's very unlikely socialists will be reelected . 
  strange thing to say . 
  these people will soon become your problem , in a few months after the elections . 
  [ have you seen the insanely tall , barbwired fences in calais , funded by the uk ? 
  ] ( http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/640/cpsprodpb/ca21/production/_84754715_84754714.jpg ), 
  pretty sure if the uk built a camp , it would be in dover , before border control , and escaping the camp and passing the border would be much harder that you make it sound . 
  actually , fries with mayonnaise is more of a dutch thing . 
  what ? 
  i mean ... 
  they come from other countries in schengen . 
  how exactly is france supposed to stop them when there are no borders ... 
  that sounds a bit biased . 
   sadly , it 's a french problem , and they need to pull their heads out of the sand and deal with it . 
  what exactly would you do about it ? 
  i do n't think anyone has their head in the sand , i just think there is no solution . 
  can someone explain to me why people always hate each other so much in the balkans ? 
  is it mostly about religion ? 
  if it 's about integration , why are we in green ? 
  i say `` i fart in your general direction '' to every englishman i see . 
  i knew it !, 
  you guys actually like us . 
  i 'm more surprised we 're in green . 
  i feel like i 've read this `` news '' several times . 
  the talks do n't ever seem to actually end though . 
   i must say i am quite surprised that the voice of french government mentions the position of some eastern european countries yet it fails to mention its own position on the matter at hand . 
  nothing surprising here , this is what they do for every issue . 
  they talk about right-wing things to appease the general population , then do n't do them , to appease their left-wing electorate . 
  in the end people are confused and forget as they switch to the next issue . 
  hollande is famous for his `` conciliation '' skills , which amount to playing this game and doing nothing at all , basically . 
  well your map is clearly wrong . 
  in france we have always had term limits ( two terms ) and the country is white ... 
  so i do n't trust the data for other countries at all . 
  there is a reason why most countries have a limit on the number of mandates . 
  does n't this bother anyone ? 
  nowadays in france , several presidential candidates propose a single 7-year mandate for presidents . 
  this is strange since it seems that in germany the president is pretty useless ? 
  are there no limits on the number of mandates a chancellor can do in germany ? 
  she could potentially get elected over and over again until her death ? 
  this is insanely high . 
  pretty sure none of our presidential candidates are anywhere close to this . 
  i like how these kinds of articles always try to spin it the other way . 
  yeah it 's a complete mystery to me too . 
  they are n't even different shades of white . 
  by balkan standards , just a bit yes . 
  france is a one-city country . 
  it does n't seem to be correlated with wealth actually . 
  russia is too ? 
  i 'm kinda surprised there is a country that is more centralized than france . 
  i do n't know if mixing up australia and austria triggers me more than mixing up hop and hope . 
  i do n't know . 
  usually it does n't involve muslim frenchmen in fucking * australia * . 
  it 's not especially formal in french . 
  more like , estonians just want a more efficient way to into nordic . 
  `` amatrice '' is a french word actually , it 's the feminine of `` amateur '' . 
  which makes it hard to google picture of this village :|, 
  this is n't what happened last time , but i do n't think most redditors read anything past the headlines . 
  heh , i 'm just explaining what the law says . 
  no need to get upset . 
  yeah , i tried to find before/after pictures of the same place , but it was really hard . 
  best i could do , at least there is the same bell tower in both . 
  this is fucking scary . 
  well there is the notion of `` signe ostentatoire '' ... like at school , you can wear a small crucifix necklace that you can hide if needed , but not a t-shirt with a huge `` i love you jesus '' on it . 
  in theory at least . 
  when did i ever claim that no one 's afraid to go anywhere ?
