  m\u00e9lenchon has been shitting on hollande for months now , i doubt hollande listens to him at all anymore . 
  i wish our government would grant him asylum . 
  but i doubt hollande has the balls to do that . 
  also they usually improve them a bit ... 
  they add some fresh stuff on top etc. 
  if you do that at home with micro-waved meals it actually makes them much better . 
  unfortunately we did n't have english-language tv channels or cartoons when i was a kid , but i learned a lot with video games . 
  i remember having spent countless hours playing breath of fire ii when i was a kid , with a dictionary , looking up tons of words and trying to understand the complex storyline . 
  most other rpgs were translated though , and nowadays i 'd say that basically all of them are . 
  is n't he a `` pope emeritus '' now ? 
  but even if he is , he technically is n't a pope anymore . 
  nope , i 've lived outside europe for a long time too . 
  not sure how it 's relevant . 
  well how can we know how exciting it is to a foreigner since we live here ? 
  to us , it 's normal . 
  well , fuck you too . 
  * the frenchman, 
  is n't europe europe/europa in most languages ? 
  i do n't think there 'd be a lot of variance . 
  well that 's why in my experience , its usage has declined since the introduction of the euro . 
  people used to say `` balles '' all the time , but now i 'd say it has mostly disappeared ... 
  to me , `` balles '' is clearly for francs . 
  i 've never heard people use it for euros ... 
  lagarde *, 
   ( not to mention there is no continent called `` america '' . 
  there is north america and there is south america , and accordingly there are north americans and south americans , but `` american '' ... well , i should n't repeat myself . ), 
  it depends . 
  in some places they teach you that north america and south america are two different continents , in other places they just teach you that america is one continent . 
  i do n't think that 's true , people say `` i 've been to the us '' all the time ... and if you go to several countries in asia or south america , you 'd definitely use the name of the continent ... 
  i like how in this thread , the people who complain about people lumping europe as one country is all brits :p we get it , you do n't like europe , and you do n't feel you 're part of it :p nothing new here , carry on :p, 
  of course but they are n't on keyboards , so they do n't really matter . 
  what i wonder is , suppose we stop using the euro and switch back to national currencies , will keyboards keep the euro sign , and in 50 years people will wonder what it 's from ? 
  hmm , i think secret services trying to prevent terrorist attacks is something that happens in every country ( fortunately ) . 
  and i would n't call hadopi `` spying '' , that 's a bit extreme . 
  hmm ... what makes you think there is spying going on in france ? 
   luckily , france has historically been less receptive to america and its control , which is admirable . 
  we europeans need to follow france 's example , and detach ourselves entirely from the united states . 
  wait ... did a british dude just say something positive about france ? 
  but you ca n't really stop and visit , can you ? 
  two weeks . 
  i do n't think people really give a shit ... until they have to take a plane of course . 
  then they 're pissed off . 
  usually nobody feels sympathy for these f *** ing people who work in transportation ( buses , trains , planes ) who constantly start strikes because they are lucky enough that they can do that and piss off the whole country . 
  usually their demands are pretty ridiculous and in no other sector would people dare to have such high expectations ... 
  but of course , when you can paralyze the whole country with one strike , it 's easy . 
   an absolute monarchy with death penalty , corporeal punishment and a generally dubious human rights record how is that to related to war/peace in any way ? 
  i like san remo ... 
  brioche is not cake : /, 
  erm , sorry to break it to you , but according to stereotypes from other countries , france would be the gay guy ... 
   dressed in striped shirt and beret , riding a bicycle hung with onions , the onion johnny became the stereotypical image of the frenchman [ 1 ] and may have been the only contact that the ordinary british had with france . 
  oooooh my god , this is where all this stupid bullshit comes from !, 
  here we are supposed to get off at the back of buses , so we ca n't thank the driver in any case . 
  if we thank him and try to get off by the front door he 'll yell at us . 
  yeah . 
  behead them already . 
  well to be fair , there * are * a few people speaking breton still , it 's much much much harder to find anyone who can speak occitan . 
  to be fair i think only in the uk/ireland do people thank bus drivers . 
  i wonder where that stereotype comes from though ? 
  it seems very random . 
  in this scenario , you 're not from $ northern_european_country ... 
  this map is about the perception of corruptions by the citizens of each country , it 's not like they asked people how corrupted they thought foreign countries were . 
  so i do n't think it 's relevant for foreign investment . 
  if you cut off my internet i ca n't work properly ... 
  does n't directly kill me but i could get fired for a start . 
  hmm , that 's odd ... 
  i 'd say `` la ministre '' is way more common . 
  crazy coincidences . 
  so wait , if i 'm french i 'm not allowed to post here ? 
  that 's pretty unfair !, 
  i 'll post a picture of my favorite bread anyways . 
  if you 're doing scientific studies you study philosophy for one year in high school . 
  i think it 's two years for humanities . 
  how is that an `` obsession '' with philosophy ? 
  french pupils do n't `` master '' philosophy at all . 
  we barely get an introduction to philosophy in high school , i do n't see how it can hurt . 
  well the uk has animosity against us still , even though the last conflict that opposed us is 200 years old ... 
  these things are weird . 
  yes , the benelux is part of the [ blue banana ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blue_banana ) . 
  i do n't get it . 
  why do we get the results of the 2011 census in 2013 ? 
  french ones are called spationauts :d, 
  would n't removing roaming fees mean that we can just get the cheapest plan from all of europe and use it at home though ? 
  surely providers wo n't want that ? 
  i 'd have picked rayman legends for france . 
   was n't there a thread here in / r/europe just the other day noting that most people here learnt british english that is not true at all , at least not here in france . 
  everybody in france is very good at holding very loud and effective protests . 
  it 's a national sport !, 
  yep , nobody ever calls it that . 
  since when are the french expected to use uk spellings ? 
  ah , true , it probably was n't food stores . 
  ah , that 's odd , from what i remember from scandinavia , i found that shops closed really early there in general . 
  it was a long time ago though . 
  really ? 
  here it 's usually considered a low-cost/hard-discount store with shitty products ... that 's where you go when you * really * want to save money and do n't care about quality . 
  well , to be fair you just have to pay attention before getting into a bar ... a lot of bars have much cheaper prices . 
  wait , do you think it 's too early or too late ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  it 's not mutually exclusive ... 
  wait , even germans hate us now ? 
  lidls are n't exactly the best supermarkets ...
