  erm , no , that 's not the only place in the thread where he claims i do n't know what a dialect is . 
  oh please . 
  southern france is n't catalonia . 
  erm , these bands sing in proven\u00e7al because they think it 's cool , just like you have bands who sing in breton , in gaelic or even in latin . 
  did you really think these people sang in proven\u00e7al because it 's a language they actually use ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dialect  a dialect is distinguished by its vocabulary , grammar , and pronunciation ( phonology , including prosody ) . 
  where a distinction can be made only in terms of pronunciation , the term accent is appropriate , not dialect . 
  i guess * you * have no idea what a dialect is . 
  there 's an accent in marseille but that 's it . 
  i 'd say it 's a language , but i 'm no linguist . 
  it 's definitely different from french though , if you manage to find people who speak it , which i never have ( and i 'm from southern france ;-) ) . 
  it 's an accent too , there might be a handful of different words people use in the north , but it 's far from being a dialect . 
  the whole joke of the movie is that they overdo the ch ` ti accent so much that it gets hard to understand what they say . 
  it 's a joke though , nobody actually speaks like that , and even the accent is n't really that common anymore . 
  i doubt you really have though , except maybe if they were from alsace . 
  a few people speak a bit of breton in brittany but it usually is just that they learned it at school because people try to re-introduce it , it 's pretty artificial ( even though they like to brag about it ) . 
  in practice people who speak a different dialect in france are very few . 
  where i 'm from ( french riviera ) for instance people are are supposed to speak proven\u00e7al / nissart , but nobody does , even my grandparents who were born here ca n't . 
  it 's just an accent though . 
  nothing to do with a dialect . 
  i agree with that , sometimes when you need to find an english-language source for something that happened in a particular country , it tends to have an anglo-saxon bias , or at least , to be written from a very different point of view ... 
  it can be interesting for people on / r/europe to see how the media and people see things in the country where they originated . 
  a good example of this is the 2005 french riots , where everybody here seems to consider them to be a social class thing ( poor people from the suburbs feeling like they 're abused by the police and that they ca n't get any jobs etc. 
  ) , whereas when you read english-language media reports of the event they always make it sound like it 's an ethnic/religious thing ( muslims vs. non-muslims or arabs vs. non-arabs , as if everybody in poor suburbs was a muslim from northern africa ) . 
  another reason why articles in foreign languages are interesting is that sometimes you just ca n't find any english language article about something that has happened in your country , or you can only find very short articles , etc. 
  the english and american media of course are n't as focused on each european country as the local media there , so sometimes there is an interesting bit of information that nobody knows about outside the country it originated from . 
  since we have google translate now , i think it could be nice to link to foreign articles when needed , we can even link to them through google translate directly . 
  i 'd be more interested to see how the greeks see their crisis through their own media than to read what the bbc has to say about it !, 
  but yeah , by all means , the comments should remain in english . 
  we 're on reddit anyways , so we all speak english , let 's keep things simple . 
  there are a few ones , but they 're pretty dead ( like scoopeo.com ) . 
  the thing is , for a site like reddit to work , you need a pretty big userbase . 
  it 's hard to reach this critical mass on a non-international website . 
  we have pretty big forums that are sort of similar to reddit though when it comes to the general mentality ( hfr , etc. 
  i ca n't parler espagnol or allemand for shit mais i totally comprendo lo que you guys wrote . 
  c'est comme si wir haben inventado eine internationale sprache !, 
  amen to that . 
  having been to a few reddit meetups in paris , everybody always ends up speaking english . 
  are n't there more italian than spanish speakers in europe though ? 
  at least as their first language . 
  edit : in school here , the foreign languages that we could learn were english , spanish , german , and italian . 
  this thing about the english hating on the french seems to be a one-sided thing though . 
  we do n't have this brit-bashing thing here , at least not more than germans or other nationalities . 
  i guess you guys are obsessed with hating the french because due to your location , you 've mostly fought wars against us whereas the french have fought wars against many countries . 
  but in any case the last war that opposed us was almost 200 years ago , give it a rest already :p, 
  oh , please . 
  you ca n't compare this to greece , whose people fought a revolution in the 19th century only to have their democratic government replaced by a german king by the european powers of the time for instance ... 
  the us may have had some disruptions but it never became a vassal state in the past 200 years . 
  that is completely misunderstanding what the 2005 riots were about . 
  what about belgium ? 
  the difference between wallonia and flanders is huge . 
  here as in my peer-group ... why do you keep talking about this subreddit ? 
   actually , yes , we should have one of these . 
  i think it would be surprising to one of us . 
  well , maybe the situation is very different in germany , because at least here it really is popular . 
  we do n't have actual polls yet , but for instance , there was an online poll on le figaro recently and ~ 75 % of voters ( there were thousands ) wanted a federal europe . 
  it would make sense that germans are opposed to it if they feel it will mean them paying more for other countries , though . 
  why not ? 
  it seems we live in a completely different world , because the idea of a federal europe is clearly popular around here ... just because you seem to have anti-eu acquaintances it does n't mean that 's what your average european thinks . 
  we 'd need a eu-wide poll . 
  by `` here '' i meant people i know/meet here in france , not people from this subreddit . 
   nor does the vast majority of the local population [ citation needed ] every time i talk about the subject with people here they think a federal europe the solution . 
  yes , so what we need is a federal europe , with a more centralized government  unfortunately , i doubt it will ever happen because local government do n't want to give up ( some ) sovereignty . 
  well if you do n't do that you just ca n't have a single currency or you 're faced with economic realities ... 
  this is why it 's what is done internally in any country . 
   i do n't see how any richer country would have agreen on an union with a variety of countries who would become alimented economies forever . 
  then you just ca n't have a union with a single currency . 
  in the us , the richer states give money to the poorer states , in italy , nothern italy gives money to southern italy , etc. 
  if they did n't they would face the same issues as the eurozone now . 
  honestly i 've been to poland as weel as in spain , greece and italy and ... 
  this is complete bullshit . 
  right . 
  because when you go to poland , you see people working everywhere non stop . 
  out of curiosity , where in italy do you live ? 
  there were definitely lots of non-caucasian people in the schools i went to , i do n't think your case can be generalized to most of europe . 
  yeah it 's so crazy , if someone asked for your `` race '' here people would go nuts and think it 's extremely racist . 
  in the us it 's just normal . 
  it also depends on what answer you consider . 
  [ if you take the map of people who responded that there is no god , spirit , or life force ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:europe_no_belief.png ) , then france is # 1 and belgium is # 4 , sweden is only # 7 . 
   i do wonder why france turns out to be so atheistic . 
  our revolution was against the nobility * and the clergy * . 
  a lot of people consider religion a bad thing here ( and i ca n't think of the last time i 've met someone who was actually religious ) . 
  [ it 's also interesting to see that if you take the map of people who responded that there is no god , spirit , or life force ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:europe_no_belief.png ) , then france is # 1 and belgium is # 4 , sweden is only # 7 . 
  many people in sweden believe in a `` spirit or life force '' . 
  then you should travel to europe and see that it 's not all that different outside of your country , because it seems that * you * do n't know what you 're talking about :p, 
   there is no way for some small greek islands to be above average . 
  why not ? 
  the greek government is ridden with debt but people there are n't that poor . 
  and the average includes all of eastern europe , so it 's very low . 
   also athens at 160 % ? 
  this is a joke . 
  the fuck ? 
  all big cities in western europe are well above 100 % , which is perfectly logical . 
  the gdp per capita ( nominal or not ) in big cities is always much higher than everywhere else , because that 's where all big companies are . 
  have you ever been to greece ? 
  it seems like you think it 's the third world . 
  it looks like a regular european country when you 're there , maybe slightly poorer but nothing too obvious . 
  to be fair we have a shitload of churches in europe but nobody prays there anymore , they 've become tourist attractions . 
  ... are you being serious ? 
  to be fair , very few people speak these languages , at least here in france .
