   no fucking way . 
  french people chronically refuse to learn english . 
  that is such bullshit . 
  that we suck at it because we 're not exposed to it , yes , but this idea that the french refuse to learn english only exists in the minds of paranoid foreigners , imo . 
  has n't it always ? 
  does n't look like it worked ... 
  never heard of any of this , but i know you 're a very nationalistic catalan , so of course you 'll know every single thing from every part of catalonia . 
  because it 's in english ? 
  there are n't a lot of italians and spaniards either . 
  you have tons of people from germanic/nordic europe because it 's much easier for them to learn english . 
  not to mention the constant french/parisian bashing on reddit , i 'm not sure the few french people who come here would want to stay . 
  have you ever been to marseille , instead of judging stuff based on some random france-bashing article from the british media ? 
  it 's a pretty nice city . 
  because there are * very * few people from france on reddit , and most of them seem to be american expats living in paris . 
  i could n't find find anyone living in the french riviera even though it is a rich region with tons of people . 
  the french subreddits are mostly dead , except / r/france and / r/paris and even these subreddits ' activity is pretty low ... / r/grandsud ( for southern france , which ` french catalonia ' is a part of ) is mostly dead . 
  and ` french catalonia ' is a very small region with a pretty low population . 
  hell , i did n't even know it existed before reading this post ( to me , catalonia was in spain , but it indeed seems that a very small part of catalonia is considered to be in france ) . 
  it 's going to be hard to find someone from there on reddit :p, 
  to be fair , nobody really burnt homes from what i understand . 
  the roms were urged to leave , left , and people burnt the few things they left behind on the next day . 
  you ca n't really judge stuff like this based on one isolated event . 
  data point ! = statistic . 
  edit : also , it 's easy to judge the people who did this , but it 's probably not that simple if you 're in their position . 
  you 're in a decent neighborhood , and all of a sudden , roms come and set up tents illegally right next to your apartment building on some unbuilt parcel , which makes everything dirty in the neighborhood due to them not having any facilities like access to the sewers or water ... not to mention that they just arrived and probably have no way to sustain themselves other than illegal means ... 
  which leads to stuff getting stolen . 
  it 's understandable how the neigborhood can be pissed , and i do n't think it has much to do with race . 
  now what they did is n't the solution , but it 's a complicated situation . 
  what ? 
  `` tsiganes '' is just how you say `` roma '' in french , it 's pretty neutral . 
  you can also say `` roms '' but i do n't think it 's less ( or more ) offensive . 
   if france will use threat to secular values as reason , they should expel lots of catholic priests and alternative medicine practitioners . 
  they are bigger threat to secular values than islam . 
  erm , have you ever been to france ? 
  it 's not like catholic priests manage to convince a lot of people here . 
  indigenous algerian people were n't granted full french citizenship though ... 
  in any case , i guess it 's just a translation issue , in french `` colonie '' usually refers to old-fashioned , oppressive colonies . 
  it would be a bit shocking to use it for r\u00e9union . 
  dunno , i would n't call these colonies . 
  to me it 's a colony when there 's inequality and oppression to a degree . 
  all r\u00e9union citizens are full french citizens , so i 'd say it 's fully part of france ? 
  nobody in r\u00e9union wants independence , come on now . 
  there was an estimation of about 350 a few months ago . 
  if you think muslims = burqa you need to educate yourself . 
  it 's way less than a minority , it 's an infinitesimal minority of extremists who wear burqas . 
  edit source , it was actually 367 : http://tempsreel.nouvelobs.com/societe/20090729.obs5866/seules-367-femmes-porteraient-la-burqa-en-france.html, 
  huh ? 
  well , even before being elected , fran\u00e7ois hollande ( who 's of course a socialist ) , has always said [ he would maintain the burqa ban ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/election-presidentielle-2012/breve/2012/04/27/hollande-maintiendra-la-loi-sur-la-burqa-s-il-est-elu_1692119_1471069.html ) , and he voted in favor of it ... 
  it does n't seem to be considered a particularly right-wing thing here . 
  in any case it only concerns a few hundred people , it 's not like it 's a law that matters on the grand scheme of things . 
  as for the police being not being able to carry guns , it seems to be very specific to the uk . 
  is there any other country that does this ? 
   mainstream french attitudes towards immigration would be considered right wing in britain . 
  < citation needed   fn has followed the same policy trajectory as the bnp , from imposed to voluntary deportation , but the former gets 20 % of the vote , whereas the latter get less than 5 % . 
  yes but they rarely ever get elected , they have very few representatives . 
  i 'm talking about the government here , not about the opinion of the general population . 
   you could say the same about a blunt attitude towards cultural assimilation < citation needed  ( and something other than the british media , since it usually specializes in french bashing )  also , arguably , french regionalist policy is still quite nationalistic , for instance the continued isolation of nantes from the bretagne region . 
  god knows what people would say if britain was maintaining that edinburgh was part of north east england . 
  erm , seriously ? 
  i 've never heard anyone in france complain about this , i doubt anyone cares whether nantes falls into one region or another on a map . 
   britain is certainly more capitalist , though . 
  i 've never thought that ` right wing ' was a very useful term . 
  it 's not really descriptive of a policy position , more an amorphous way of articulating dislike . 
  on reddit , maybe , but i was n't using this term in a negative way at all . 
  on the contrary , i think france should be more right-wing economically speaking , the uk is doing it right for a lot of things . 
  heh , there sure are a lot of people who vote for extremist right-wing parties , but the two-round system makes sure fn representatives rarely get elected . 
  note that i was just saying that our government in general is n't very right-wing compared to the uk 's - i 'm not saying that there are n't a lot of right-wingers in the population . 
  oh , i do n't think anyone here thinks people do n't work on sunday because they go to church or anything like that :-) i doubt you 'd find a lot of french people who still go to church on sunday , and the few ones who do are probably retired . 
  the fact that the official day off is a sunday of course has historical religious reasons , but it only made sense a long time ago . 
   lots more stuff shuts on a sunday is n't that left wing ? 
  the socialists are the ones who always defend this idea that shops should be forced to close on sundays here , the idea being that on average people wo n't buy more stuff if shops are open on sundays , but that people working in shops will work more , so it 's bad for workers ( more hours worked for the same revenue ) ... 
  the other argument being that they want to protect small shops who do n't have enough workers to open on sundays ( whereas big supermakets can do it easily ) . 
  in both cases it 's usually something the left wing wants to do . 
  sarkozy wanted more shops to be able to open on sundays and the socialists kept bashing him for that . 
  i do n't know , at least here , the uk is often seen as being highly pro-capitalism , with the city in london and its bankers , the fact that a lot of your universities are n't subsidized by the state and are highly expensive like in the us ( whereas here the tuition for a year of university is usually between 200 and 400 euro ) . 
  not to mention that the minimum wage in france is much higher , and that workers are way more protected in general ( which is n't a good thing imo , our job market is way less flexible , but that 's what left-wing politics are about ) , the amount of taxes is much higher in france , we have way more state workers ... 
  i 'd be interested in what makes you think france has been more right-wing than the uk ? 
  we 've had a lot of right-wing presidents but left-wing and right-wing do n't mean the same thing in different countries ( for instance , even when the us ` left-wing ' is in power , there 's still no free healthcare and the universities are still very expensive ) . 
  on average , i 'd say france has been way more left-wing than the uk . 
  erm , france , religious ? 
  i ca n't recall the last time i 've met someone who was religious here , except for a few muslims . 
  and at least here , the uk is always seen as being very bent on capitalism , i 'm surprised you 'd think the uk is more liberal than france , i do n't see how . 
  yes , but probably less so than the us and the rest of europe ? 
  the uk seems to be more right-wing than a lot of european countries . 
  full study here : http://trends.gmfus.org/survey-obamas-popularity-drops-in-europe-view-of-transatlantic-relationship-remains-stable/, 
  casse-toi = beat it, 
  a lot of french redditors are very left-wing ( pro-m\u00e9lenchon , etc. 
  ) , from what i 've seen . 
  not all of us are . 
  because it 's much harder for a small country like france to track french citizens abroad and to get them to pay . 
  you have the whole french riviera all around you though ... 
  it 's not like there are borders or anything . 
  the nice c\u00f4te d'azur airport is pretty close ( ~ 25 minutes away by car ) . 
  england is way more densely populated than france . 
  to be fair , flanders is way more densely populated than wallonia . 
  well england is quite densely populated . 
   i thought the uk would have been somewhere above germany , iceland and sweden ... seriously ? 
  this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brioche it 's some sort of sweet bread . 
  brioche is n't cake : <, 
   i believe he meant something like `` shame you have no way to feel the difference between standard language and dialect in france '' , not defending the idea that marseille french is a dialect .
