  no spaniards ? 
  sucking dick is n't even that necessary . 
  yeah but i doubt most of turkey is snowy enough to require winter tires all winter long . 
  you should try sucking on a dick . 
  well , this is surprising . 
  here in france i feel like the only people who ever use winter tires are the ones who go skiing every weekend . 
   our teachers qualify in england . 
  ... what ? 
  in lithuania maybe . 
  and american english is used by waaaay more people and much closer to what most people would consider to be `` international '' english . 
  i write journal papers for a living , nobody uses british spellings ( except maybe papers from the uk ) . 
  using british words and spellings when you 're not from the uk makes you sound like a british wannabe to be honest . 
  well that 's weird . 
  just because of geographical proximity ? 
  i do n't think it really makes sense . 
  no it 's not ? 
  why would it be ? 
  not sure what you 're been taught at school but we were always taught both spellings/words and told that we could use either but be consistent . 
  for a moment i mixed it up with cyprus and thought you were talking about people masturbating to muscular thugs in cages . 
  your `` straight '' friends like eurovision ? 
  i have news for you ... 
  british spellings are n't more correct than american spellings just because i 'm in the eu . 
  and it 's weird to read stuff from someone who writes `` apartment '' ( not `` flat '' ) or `` soccer '' ( not `` football '' ) and yet uses british spellings . 
  using british spellings if you do n't use british words is a terrible idea . 
  no thanks . 
  i do n't see how that makes sense . 
  why am i supposed to use `` the official language of the eu '' ? 
  this only applies to government stuff , it 's not like there is a law that says regular citizens must use british english . 
  anyway i sure as hell wo n't be people calling people `` mate '' or use any other britishisms , so i 'd rather not use british spellings , it 's more consistent . 
  does it ? 
  like , the eu government ? 
  we 're not part of the governement . 
  we 're neither british nor american so one way is n't more correct than the other . 
  we 're not english though . 
  but if you do n't go skiing / to the mountains ? 
  surely you do n't need winter tires in greece ? 
  mind blown . 
  people only use winter tires when they go skiing a lot here . 
  i 'm surprised everybody switches to winter tires every winter in poland . 
  it 's not even that far up north . 
  in france what we call `` pneus neige '' ( literally `` snow tires '' ) do n't have spikes , they 're made of rubber only , but somehow work better on ice ( probably because of small cracks like / u/f0nt4 said ) . 
  the ones you 're describing with metal spikes are what we call `` pneus clout\u00e9s '' but i 'd say they 're way less common . 
   more an issue of similar taste in music due to cultural similarities . 
  i think these votes are 95 % about greater nationalism ( voting for your neighbors / similar ethnicities ) and xenophobia ( not voting for countries you 're prejudiced against ) . 
  and 5 % about music . 
  i wish they would bring back [ it 's a knockout ! ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jeux_sans_fronti%c3%a8res ) . 
  no political bias , no terrible songs , it was just dumb and fun . 
  how are texts less biased ? 
  it 's always eastern europeans voting for each other , same with nordics , same with the balkans etc. 
  poland : 7 points from the jury , 226 ( ? ), 
  points from texts . 
  the polish diaspora really takes this game seriously . 
  you have 50 potatoes , you grow another : you wake up and cry , was dream , no potato , only hunger . 
  this metaphor was so polish i cried . 
  are you talking of your government 's forecast or the eu 's forecast ? 
  typically governments overestimate , but the eu does n't . 
  they were actually on the verge of bankrupcy , and the attacks saved them ... 
  here , have one then . 
   most young poles see west and east as evil forces . 
  in their eyes poland is one of the last bastion of european culture free of liberal propaganda . 
  and free of immigrants . 
  they 're kinda right . 
  so , who 's this guy ? 
  if there was a scandal each time the french administration rejected a dossier because they mistakenly think there is a document missing , we 'd have millions of scandals per day in france . 
  heh , i 'm a lot older than most people on this website . 
  also , it 's not hating to point out the lack of social mobility in a country where a lot of people think they have more opportunities than anywhere else . 
  american dream my ass . 
  if you ask americans they 'll tell you `` it 's because we are n't homogeneous '' ( read : we have more black people ) . 
  as compared to which country 's erdogan ? 
  typical ... all statistics show we are the most self-deprecating people ever . 
  and yet foreigners think we are arrogant and proud of our country ... haha . 
  maybe someday italians will conquer all of us and say that we were never able to clean our asses properly before , because we did n't have bidets . 
  in latvia , only two potatoes . 
  the issue is that defining `` same '' / `` different '' is hard for things that do n't exist . 
  exactly like a is shared in what i said . 
  if a group thinks god commanded the writing of scripture a but not scripture b , and another group thinks god commanded the writing of scripture a * and * b , are they really the same god ? 
  they have different teachings . 
  which does n't necessarily mean they are the same deity . 
  i mean , they kinda are , given that christianity and islam are both abrahamic religions . 
  but the fact that two populations refer to the god of their monotheistic religion using the word that means `` god '' in their language is just ... obvious . 
  it would be the case even if the two populations had two completely unrelated religions . 
  no idea either but # 1 france baise ouais !, 
  for realism , duh . 
  because it 's bad in both cases . 
  / u/low _ discrepancy , it seems that you are incapable of discussing anything without telling people you disagree with to either leave the country or commit suicide . 
  please grow up . 
  or maybe people realize you 're playing with words and the difference you 're pointing out is irrelevant . 
  oh so it 's totally fine . 
  to be fair , / r/france is pretty active . 
  even though it 's mostly a circlejerk of m\u00e9lenchon activists . 
  actually , i would argue european architecture is very varied , even within a single country . 
  [ look at this album , for instance . 
  there 's a bit more to architecture than this . 
  in my experience , houses in portugal are more similar to the ones we have in provence or the french riviera . 
  for instance , they tend to have orange tiled roofs . 
  white blinds would also be uncommon . 
  and they 're often painted . 
  there are houses with this architectural style in portugal ? 
  heh , interesting . 
  hm , in my experience you still need a bit of fat with this type of pan , or it sticks .
