  they spin , the romans . 
  in the french version , obelix always says `` ils sont fous ces romains '' , and you see spqr everywhere for `` senatus populusque romanus '' , but there is no link between these two things . 
  to be fair , they removed all islands . 
  but portugal is just odd . 
  they literally cut a hole into the iberian peninsula for some reason . 
  yeah i mean . 
  where do you even find the outline of europe without portugal ? 
  you have to manually remove it , and then it looks all wrong . 
  how do they manage to fuck up this kind of stuff so often ? 
  what a strange thing to say . 
  i had n't even heard of that book . 
  the metamorphosis is the only one i know from kafka . 
  and it 's kinda weird and obscure . 
  while i 'd consider freud to be as famous as einstein . 
  terms like `` freudian slip '' are used by everyone . 
  maybe it depends where you 're from . 
  i do n't know how this twitter thing works , i just wanted to be cool like you guys . 
  [ how europe sees russians ( tweet by me ) . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjpadtqujmg ), 
  hmm ... 
  most of these are n't really shameful so i 'm not sure why anyone should be triggered ( except maybe austria ) . 
  it 's more that some of them are odd . 
  who is snorri sturluson for iceland ? 
  surely if you asked random people in the street they 'd be more likely to know bj\u00f6rk ? 
  maybe i 'm missing something , but why do you think it should be kafka instead of freud ? 
  everybody knows freud , whereas kafka is n't someone your average person who does n't care about literature would know ? 
  while i 'm a nice muscular bear  , 
  are you trying to glorify the fact that you wish you were able to force more people to speak your language to increase your sense of pride ? 
  because that 's kinda pathetic . 
  two virtually unknown d\u00e9put\u00e9s out of hundreds . 
  i 'm sure you can find a d\u00e9put\u00e9 saying anything you want . 
  is there anyone else than dclauzel who uses those ? 
  because his comments are as annoying to us as they are to the rest of you . 
   i hope that no one in france is dreaming about french having more influence because that wo n't happen . 
  i do n't really get why people repeat this bullshit about the french . 
  it 's nothing more than a dumb stereotype , why would we dream about that ? 
  why would n't we drink wine regularly ? 
  i definitely do . 
  i disagree . 
  reddit does n't tell you you 're not poor . 
  they tell you you 're poor and it 's your own damn fault for being so lazy !, 
  it 's still interesting though , as long as you take it with a grain of salt . 
  having lived in paris close to bastille for a few years i can confirm . 
  20,000 people protesting about something is just a normal sunday . 
  edit : i accidentally a word . 
  exactly , and this really renders all these maps useless ... 
  they keep getting upvoted though . 
   you have a shit-ton of tiny little countries or petrol-driven middle east economies that boost that gdp per capita for them , hence why we rank `` low '' . 
  france and spain are countries that should compare between countries of the same nature . 
  we should n't compare to countries like andorra or luxembourg , because we do n't aim to be tiny little tax haven places . 
  yeah no , that 's wishful thinking . 
  the us , australia , canada , switzerland are far above us . 
  as well as a lot of western/northern european states . 
   and you earnt more in the us , but you surely did n't have the welfare coverage or healthcare system that we enjoy in countries like spain , france , italy ... etc. 
  if you honestly think this is anywhere close to making up for your salary being divided by four , it 's wishful thinking again . 
  i mean , when people are googling `` why is spain poor ? 
  '' , they mean poor for a western european country . 
  when they google `` why is slovenia rich ? '', 
  they mean rich for an eastern european country . 
  both make perfect sense . 
  as for being poor in general , sure , there is much worse , but when i worked in the us i earned 3-4x what i earn in france . 
  [ in gdp per capita ppp , france is 24th and spain is 33th . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp \\ ) _ per_capita ) it 's not like we 're rolling in money when it comes to first world countries , and it 's getting worse each year . 
  you seem to assume i think france is a rich country . 
  france is doing pretty bad these days , it 's pretty much the sick man of europe , with an ever-increasing debt , a high unemployment rate , very low growth , and pretty low salaries . 
  and spain is doing even worse than that . 
  in western/northern europe , which countries are doing worse than spain and portugal ? 
  edit : plus your other comment shows that spain 's gdp per capita is * 25 % lower * than france 's !, 
  if you do n't consider that abysmal , i do n't know what is . 
  spain and portugal are pretty poor for european countries west of the iron curtain , it 's not being badly informed . 
  i feel like this has always been their main stereotype , it was already the case decades before the crisis . 
  even compared to other former communist states it is . 
  so ... did they use different sources that used different resolutions to end up with estonia having a longer coastline than france ? 
  pretty sure it compares numbers measured with a different resolution ... see the coastline paradox . 
  plus it 's not only dependent on the healthcare system . 
  diet plays a role too for instance . 
  is n't erdogan trying to turn it into one though ? 
  we 're ready !, 
  all of reddit is . 
  that would be fucking awesome . 
  i mean , i see nothing wrong with this , it 's not like the tram is going to bump into the walls . 
  i mean ... could n't you say the same thing about armenians ? 
  the reasoning they use for these things always seems more emotional than rational . 
  they did n't consider the laws we have about holocaust denial to be contrary to the constitution though ? 
  but then it would be turning an aqueduct into a viaduct ? 
  i do n't think they 're specific bridges . 
  they just show the evolution of european architecture . 
   and , by the way , `` the right to life '' is a universal human right , so we ca n't leave it as a `` purely internal matter . '', 
  by this logic , is n't freedom a universal human right too ? 
  how is it more ethical to lock up someone for life than to kill him ? 
  in the first case they suffer for life , in the second case for a few seconds ? 
  i 'd probably prefer option 2 if i had to choose . 
  although in practice , it 's very rare for people to actually spend their whole life in jail . 
  why would sicily technically be in africa ? 
  insane . 
  at the same time , it makes for a very cool picture . 
  such an interesting mix of old and new . 
  also i love how there are basically no lanes . 
  what a random thing to say . 
  is there some historical truth to this ?
