  not to mention it happened in 2010 ... 
  i was very disappointed when i visited ... poland looks a lot better in my opinion . 
  how does it remotely make sense to say that there is such a thing as a french ethnicity ? 
  our country is a corridor with tons of populations mixed together . 
  celts/gauls , romans , germanic tribes , nordics , iberians , eastern europeans ... 
  it 's not negated in french politics , it 's negated by anyone with half a brain . 
  it 's because the french and italians have a life . 
  so , no reddit . 
  ( not me , i 'm a huge nerd with no life , i 'm here to counterbalance things ), 
  `` fran\u00e7ais de souche '' is n't even the same thing as `` french ethnicity '' . 
  i think if you said `` ethnicit\u00e9 fran\u00e7aise '' in france , people would think you 're insane . 
  it sounds nazi as fuck ( and really makes no sense ) . 
  even the front national would never say this . 
  and then they wonder why people vote fn -_-, 
  you know at least some of those parties freely admit getting funds from putin ? 
  front national , for example ? 
  suppose the fn gets elected . 
  since they took a loan from a russian bank once , then ... what happens ? 
  france gets absorbed in russia like crimea ? 
  i know poles hate russians but let 's be serious for a minute . 
  they probably would n't be that much different , since mvlad88 's did n't claim this particular family of gypsies comes from romania ... 
  italy 's pretty great too . 
  heh i think it 's beautiful . 
   but of course , what do we know , we , actual southern french people ? 
  obviously he knows better than us . 
  pretty sure he skimmed through a wikipedia article or two , such an expert !, 
   it 's the right wing was going to win i do n't think anyone was expecting that . 
  one could argue that the right wing was in power with sarkozy last time , and sarkozy sucked , so since the right wing was going to lose , the left wing won . 
  this time , the left wing was going to lose because hollande sucked , and the right wing was going to lose because people remember how much sarkozy sucked , so the fn was going to win . 
  so what happened was pretty much expected , i do n't think anyone expected a victory from the right wing that was `` stolen '' at the last moment by the fn . 
  hmm i guess , but their score is n't so horrible . 
  in my opinion , the situation is more complicated than this , and fn took votes from both the left wing and the right wing . 
  maybe more from the left wing , but not exclusively , far from it . 
  ( btw i think you mean ps and lr , not pr and ls :-) ) . 
  hm you 're getting upvoted a lot for this but i 'm a bit confused . 
  the right wing parties got a significantly higher score ( 27.9 % ) than the socialists ( 23.5 % ) . 
  and at the last r\u00e9gionales , the socialists did really well , they did much worse this time . 
  so what can make you say with such certainty that marine le pen sucked the right wing parties `` dry '' more than the left wing parties ? 
   he 's not wrong . 
  this has to be the dumbest strawman i 've read in a long time on reddit . 
  i never claimed that vergonha never happened , except , you see , it was a very long time ago . 
  to take again my example from earlier where i explained that these maps would be similar to maps of the us where half of it is marked a sioux-speaking people who demand independence , your comment would be like posting a link showing that settlers in the us indeed persecuted indians 300 years ago . 
  yes they did , so what , does that prove that * nowadays * in the us , half the country speaks sioux and wants independence ? 
   it 'd be ridiculous to say france has n't `` done the damndest to repress occitan culture '' , but that 's not what we 're talking about right now . 
  we 're talking about ... well , the reason you want to call that an `` idiotic comment '' as a frenchman . 
  ah , yes , and what is this reason , mr. smartass ? 
  let me guess , you think i 'm a parisian trying to repress these dirty people from the south ? 
  because let me tell you that i was born in the south ( provence ) , i grew up here , my parents were born here , my grandparents were born here too , and a large part of my family tree from before that are from here too . 
  so what am i ? 
  * precisely the people you claim you know are being persecuted and want independence . 
  * if you came here , in the south of france , and repeated what you said on reddit , people would just laugh and think you 've lost your mind . 
  but here you are , hundreds or thousands of kilometers away , a reddit armchair specialist , telling us how things are where we live , where our families have lived for hundreds of years , disregarding all comments from other french people who live here and who tell you that you 're wrong . 
  which takes a special kind of moron . 
  heh i 'm actually surprised poorer suburbs do n't have high fn scores . 
  i thought i was only in paris proper . 
  it 's worse than that -- it 's full of people who know nothing about france , but have only heard stereotypes and think they are true . 
  so you ca n't even explain that these maps are wrong , or people will get all like `` ha you are juste being conservative about your language and oppressing minority languages , typical frenchman '' , like / u/meatsim1 with his idiotic comment . 
   an occitan distinguishing their national identity gets chauvinistic parisian blood boiling . 
  `` speak french , be proper . '', 
  oh come on . 
  i 'm from the south of france , as were my parents and grandparents before me . 
  if we find these maps ridiculous it is n't because of a `` colonial mentality '' , it 's because they are so remote form the truth that it 's laughable . 
  in 30 years here i 've never met an occitan speaker . 
  it would be like posting maps of the us with `` regional languages '' , and depicting half of the us as a sioux-speaking nation that wants independence . 
  it makes about as much sense . 
  but there are always comments like yours from people who really hate french people based on idiotic stereotypes and who try to analyse the situation as if french people were a horde of crazy nationalists who oppress speakers of regional languages with their pitchforks . 
  it 's sad and you should be ashamed to spread such bullshit . 
  a lot of immigrants in paris are highly skilled and come there for their studies though . 
  so it 's a different experience . 
  well at least in this case it sort of makes sense . 
  there are indeed a few guys nobody ever hears about who made this party . 
  but pretty often on / r/mapporn you have maps of regional languages that claim half of france speaks occitan . 
  those are really funny . 
  sure sure , i do n't doubt croatia gets really cold . 
  i 'm just saying that using absolute lows or highs does n't mean much because when you have thousands of measurements , you can always have a data point that 's off the charts , without it being representative of what is typical for the country . 
  yeah but if you look at all-time lows they do n't mean much . 
  [ you get -52 \u00b0 c in india or \u2212 49.6 \u00b0 c in italy for instance . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_weather_records ), 
   only less than 10 % of europeans live in an area where the christmas is usually white . 
  i blame merkel . 
  the area where i live is less and less likely to be white . 
   the population of paris is more spread out in suburbs for example . 
  it 's not more spread out . 
  it 's just that the borders of paris are very old , so what is officially paris is actually very small . 
  i 've walked from the east to the west border a few times for instance , it 's not all that long . 
  london extended their borders iirc . 
  paris ( like most french cities ) kept its historical borders from centuries ago . 
  so it only has 2 million people officially . 
  if you look at the urban area it 's more or less the same size as london though . 
  which is why comparing city sizes make very little sense usually . 
  where do you draw the border ? 
  it 's very arbitrary . 
  is that how serbs see the world ? 
  yeah seriously wtf . 
  more than half the population wants her to serve another term ? 
  and they try to spin it as a bad thing for her ??? 
  our presidents generally have less than 20 % of positive opinions ( unless there is a terror attack ) . 
  sure but what i 'm saying is that france has been the target of terror attacks for a long time . 
  but yeah i agree with your analysis , this is the reason . 
  i think people are getting a bit too dramatic .
