   all those country that colonized are actually rich , or at least richer than those who did n't . 
  it was obviously also a geopolitical thing , but most of all an economical thing . 
  and all the european countries that did n't colonize are rich too . 
  it 's the other way round , all countries that colonized are rich because they were rich back then too and could afford to colonize , you ca n't send huge armies oversea to conquer whole continents if you 're poor . 
  but it barely helped them in the long run . 
  because you do n't get rich with natural resources ( with the exception of oil , which is working well for saudi arabia ) . 
  honestly you need a bit of introspection if you think you 're talking to a wall when you make a very poor argument and hope to convince people like that . 
  there 's a reason people disagree with you . 
   when spain stole those resources , it was one of the strongest empire in the world competing with the uk , another `` resources stealer '' . 
  for a short time that ended centuries ago . 
  they blew all their gold on pointless wars . 
   oh and btw , ethiopia was colonized by italy , with eritrea and somalia . 
  and has no resource at all . 
  ethiopia was annexed by italy for a grand total of 6 years between 1935 and 1941 , give me a break . 
   i do n't overestimate the importance of natural resources , for a country they are really important , otherwise there was no need to colonize them , right ? 
  it was more of a geopolitical thing than anything , otherwise countries that had a lot of colonies would be much richer than countries that did n't nowadays . 
  erm , you 're the one being silly who needs to open your eyes here . 
  the aztecs and romans had some gold , what 's your point ? 
  europe was full of coal mines during the industrial revolution , yes , and that 's where most of it was taken . 
  do you often hear of spaniards bringing ships full of coal from colonies ? 
  they were interested in gold and it did n't help them much . 
  other places had coal and did n't know how to use it , they did n't have the technology for it . 
  if europe had n't been to these places , they would n't have used it either because they had no use for it , they did n't have an industrial revolution . 
  do you really think if angola had a shitton of unused coal it would have had its own industrial revolution and become developed like an industrial nation ? 
  that 's pretty ridiculous . 
   portugal , though , `` stole '' angola natural resources , resulting in angola being poor . 
  dude you really overestimate the importance of natural resources . 
  other than oil , natural resources do n't make you rich , far from it , they 're minimal in terms of value in your gdp/exports if your country is sufficiently developed , manufactured goods and services have way more value . 
  countries that rely mostly on exporting natural resources ( other than oil ) are poor . 
  northern european nations got rich without stealing resources from anyone . 
  germany barely had any colonies , and it 's rich now . 
  spain stole more gold and silver than anybody else , and it 's struggling now . 
  it 's not like in general , europe countries that had colonies got richer than countries that did n't . 
  and if you look at africa , ethiopia was never really colonized and it 's not richer than other african countries that got colonized for centuries ... 
  i completely disagree . 
  what made the west rich is the industrial revolution , not raw minerals . 
  they did n't have the technology to extract diamonds etc. 
  you 're the one being naive if you think that without colonization the third world would be rich . 
  raw minerals do n't make you rich compared to industrial production , and even nowadays , these countries do n't extract minerals themselves because they still do n't have the technology/knowledge to do it . 
   for too many years all the western countries have been literally `` raping '' africa to get its resources and destroying the middle east with several useless economical wars . 
  that 's the problem and the solution is actually as easy as it seem : we need to stop this . 
  right . 
  because if the west had n't done that , and you had just rich countries in the west and poor countries in the third world , people from the poor countries totally would n't try to move to the rich countries . 
  people do n't immigrate to europe to improve their life , they do it as a revenge for the west having raped africa !, 
  i do n't use reddit to get a timeline of things , i use news outlets for that ( le monde gives timelines for these things for instance ) . 
  what i want is to read the discussions in the comments , and megathreads are horrible for comments : they 're sorted by `` new '' by default , which kills all discussion , and if you sort it by `` top '' it 's useless because the thread stays up for way too long . 
  only 700 ? 
  that 's probably just one guy . 
  this is how ww3 starts ... 
  i agree , i hate megathreads . 
  who cares if there are many posts related to theme x or y that get upvoted ? 
  it just means people enjoy discussing the subject . 
  megathreads are awful to browse . 
  and yet they ( we ? ), 
  were doing better before the euro ... 
  that 's what i 'm saying , it 's british to not learn the language . 
  at least in my experience , everywhere i 've lived , brits tended to form expat groups where they could speak english together , much more so than other nationalities . 
   im moving to denmark in less than a month . 
  i specifically wanted to live with other foreigners . 
  or i 'd feel left out . 
  so british of you . 
  oh , i thought this was about our president . 
  i 'm really surprised that people seem to like us in general . 
  i was sure we were going to be bright red all over the place . 
  yeah i have n't read this thing in like 20 years , 
  i did n't have that one on my heater . 
  wtf . 
  i 'm really excited about this . 
  i always thought a federal europe would never happen , but this is the first time our leaders start actually mentioning the idea , so maybe it will happen after all . 
  this is great . 
  if i was as rich and as small as them i 'd be concerned too . 
   do not cover  ne pas couvrir  nicht zudekken  niet bedekken  non coprire  ekki hilja ( from memory ) ( from years of reading that when i was sitting on the toilet as a kid before smartphones ), 
   having lived for extensive periods of time in both france and the uk , i can tell you the practical differences are quite big regarding labour law , fiscal system , student fees ... yeah , yeah , and i live in canada at the moment and i have lived in the us , the uk and france before . 
  the thing is , uk does n't represent an average european country . 
   the difference with the us is probably bigger . 
  but france would still have to make big concessions on its model for the sake of harmonisation . 
  harmonisation with the uk ? 
  i think the eu on average is way more left-wing than you think . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a good thing , but it 's the truth . 
  while i agree that france sucks in this regard , i disagree that it 's very different from the average european level . 
  just look at italy , spain , portugal , scandinavian countries . 
  they 're also pretty left-wing . 
  even germany or the uk are way too left wing compared to countries that know what they 're doing like the us/canada/australia / switzerland . 
   is why they too fear further european integration . 
  i completely disagree . 
  they fear further european integration because they 're small and rich and think they 'll lose all sovereignty and get poorer . 
  completely unrelated to being left-wing or right-wing . 
   even your right wing parties are more socialist than most left wing parties in other countries compared to the us , sure . 
  compared to other european countries , not really . 
   why do you think your country is the way it is despite all these supposed right wing presidents ? 
  what way is it , exactly ? 
   a european federation with the french socialist model ? 
  sure . 
  that was n't in the question . 
  people are well aware that a european federation will not follow the french system . 
  also , while our current president is a socialist , we 've had more right-wing presidents in our history than socialists ...  the french are also fiercely nationalistic & defensive of their rights no ? 
  compared to the british , barely . 
  [ oh really ? 
  relative to other european countries , the french economy is n't more in trouble now than before . 
  if you look at gdp graphs for the past 20 years , france maintains its position relative to other eu countries .
