   i do n't give a shit about him and i ca n't think of anyone , who sees more in him other than a clown . 
  do people from non-english speaking countries even know who he is ? 
  if it was n't for reddit , i would never have heard of him . 
  only algeria was considered to be part of france , not other colonies . 
  it was ridiculous doublespeak anyway since native algerians did n't have the same rights as other french citizens . 
  and greece is n't , retard ? 
  see ? 
  we already have co-ordination , or `` one size fitting nobody '' as you call it ... 
  the issue is n't the policy , it 's its application . 
  it should n't be left to a few overwhelmed member-states ... 
  so instead we just let italy decide how generous the policy should be ? 
  honestly i really do n't get why eu instances are so reluctant to use a coordinated approach for this . 
  if you create an european area like schengen , surely defending its borders should be a european thing ? 
  why would you trust the poorest european countries to do a good job , especially when it 's richer countries that care the most about this ? 
  it seems like a no-brainer , much more so than a lot of other things the eu does . 
  is it that merkel/hollande and other leaders are afraid of being called fascists or something ? 
  well then this is the case everywhere ... 
  completely different thing . 
  erm you 're the one sounding like a white supremacist here , thinking southern europeans are n't white enough for you to be called `` white '' ... 
  most ridiculous thing i 've ever heard . 
  ... are you for real ? 
  first time i 've seen this on reddit and i spend my life here . 
   the first one that looked not german . 
  and not too imposing . 
  if you were n't holding hands for 372 miles it 's nowhere nearly as impressive though . 
  ah yes , the arab spring only happened on twitter . 
  yeah but all eastern european countries did around that time ... 
  i 'm wondering what happened in the following days , if there was a direct impact . 
  this is insane . 
  what was the impact ? 
  did russia give a fuck ? 
  it 's really impressive . 
  the logistics must have been pretty complicated for this . 
  how did they make sure there were enough people everywhere , not tons of people trying to join next to cities and nobody in remote areas ? 
  it 's also so weird i 've never heard of this . 
  that 's funny , my russian friend was telling me that polish sounded childish to him , that poles used versions of words that only children would use in russia ? 
  i do n't know who to believe anymore . 
  or maybe , never underestimate how faulty sarcasm detectors can be . 
  nah , spain is full of forests that look [ a lot like this . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/forests_of_the_iberian_peninsula#/media/file:quercus_suber.jpg ), 
  why ? 
  spain 's population density is very low compared to germany . 
  maybe you imagine spain as being a desert full of sand and cacti ? 
  it 's not mexico ;-) i 'm really surprised germany has more forests than france though , given that its population density is higher . 
   i really like seeing all these people pretending they got a nice flat in paris for 600 $ . 
  oh come on this is retarded . 
  i 'm not from paris , i 'm from the south of france , but i 've lived there for years , and i had a pretty good studio in the city center ( close to notre dame ) for 620 euro a month and the beer was 4-5 euro when we went out . 
  i actually spend much more now that i 'm back home because i need a car here . 
  bashing paris to sound cool is so lame ... 
  yeah seriously what the fuck . 
  [ op could have picked a better picture of our president at least . 
  ] ( http://hellnhonor.tumblr.com/post/111319199996/french-president-fran%c3%a7ois-hollande-and-his-squad ), 
   some most *, 
  ah , yes . 
  you 're either pro-immigration or an asshole . 
   because when facing opposition the usual human reaction is to walk away . 
  to be honest this is usually the case with reddit . 
  each time there is a huge debacle/fiasco , everybody forgets about it after a week . 
   instead , you 've forced the discussion of immigration into what is currently a nine day old thread that has not been updated in three days , which is very hard to look through and actually discuss matters because the mods did n't create this megathread to make immigration easier to discuss . 
  they made this megathread because they do n't want people to talk about immigration , and it gives them an excuse to remove all immigration-related threads . 
  because , to them , these threads are created by `` omg racists '' . 
  it 's black on the map ? 
   they are setting themselves up to fail by being too ambitious . 
  nah , i do n't think they actually target spain and the balkans . 
  it 's just motivational speech . 
  you always say you 'll crush everybody else in times of war . 
  it sounds more cool and motivational than `` hey , let 's * at least * make sure we fully control the parts of syria we conquered '' . 
   do n't the french refer to us as `` le rost beef '' and such it 's pretty uncommon and old-fashioned . 
  i mean , you can find a name like that for all nationalities , but it 's certainly not something we would use often , not more than for any other neighboring country for sure . 
   i think more than war it is to do with the much longer shared history and the sense of being historic and cultural equals . 
  the uk and france have no other equals in the entire world . 
  there is a certain type of confidence , that shouts out `` empire '' that is only present in the brits and the french . 
  there is a certain kind of beautiful but fallen grandeur that is only present in london and paris and these two cities have been wonderfully connected for centuries . 
  it is kind of strange that after this 1,000 year history we have ended up still somehow equivalent in so many respects . 
  then why is it always brits doing it then ? 
  i do n't think we have this brit bashing at all in france . 
  yeah , france and the uk are also very similar in a lot of statistical rankings . 
  we keep passing each other 's gdp . 
  and what i 'm going to say might be weird , but i always felt that we have the same kind of chavs/racailles , which makes our societies pretty similar . 
  we are both celtic/roman/germanic mutts . 
  italy is way too roman to be very similar to france , and i 'm saying that living 30 minutes away from the italian border . 
  also the supposed english/french rivalry is pretty weird to me , we have n't fought a war against each other in 200 years ... 
  the rivalry joke is more of a british thing than a french thing ( our jokes are about belgians ) , probably because we are surrounded with countries we fought wars with while the uk , because of its geographical location , mostly fought france . 
  the thing is , it 's pretty tongue-in-cheek in the uk , but it feels like other english-speaking countries imported it taking it seriously . 
  wine is better anyway . 
  less calories !, 
  yeah not really . 
  3 euro for a beer is possible , but you have to be a local and know the cheapest bar of the city to find that ... 
  beers for less than 4 euro are very rare . 
  and even 4 would be very cheap . 
  not sure what you 're seeing but the ios/os x emoji is a blond guy . 
  you look like a pedophile ? 
   still , they have enough gold to make pointless war , therefore they were rich . 
  of course it ended when south america got their indipendece . 
  come on , all their gold barely gave them an advantage over other european nations and it all ended centuries ago , when you claim it still has a main consequence today . 
   still , they got colonized . 
  and there are no resouces there , which explains why they 're poor . 
  the reason why they were n't colonized for so long is because they were christian , not because they did n't have any resources . 
  europe is full of countries with no resources . 
  are they poor ?
