  no , really , my body does n't notice that at all . 
  it 's pretty practical for most of mainland europe to be in the same timezone though ... 
  well if we do n't change i 'd rather keep dst all the time . 
  as for the changing , 95 % of our devices switch automatically these days so i never even notice ... 
  i do n't see the problem . 
  i do n't get why people dislike dst here . 
  dst is much better . 
  without dst the sun sets way too early . 
  dst makes for much nicer nights out ... maybe it depends on where you live but where i 'm from in southern france people were always relieved when we switched to dst , because it turned dark , sad nights into nice long evenings ... 
  in practice , crimea is russian now , whether you like it or not . 
  but you can keep living in your fantasy world where ukraine still controls crimea . 
   i hope this gets rubbed in the face of all the french . 
  seeing as how proud marine would make france with this . 
  wait , what ? 
  what a dumb thing to say . 
  there are much , much worse reasons to dislike marine le pen ... 
  her extremists views in particular . 
  but in this case ? 
  she got funding in exchange for one sentence where she said that no one can deny that crimea is russian , which is true . 
  she has trouble getting funding in france , if all she had to do to get funding from the russians was saying something obvious , i do n't blame her and i fail to see what 's supposedly so horrible about that . 
  hell , sarkozy is suspected to have been funded by muammar gaddafi , why would anyone care or feel `` not proud '' that marine le pen got help from the russians in exchange for an obvious statement ? 
  ridiculous . 
  edit : plus , everybody in france already knows that mlp got funding from russia , her statement was a public statement , the fact that she sent people to crimea as observers for the referendum is known too , everybody knows she has ties with russia and she never even denied it or was asked to ... and yet nobody cares . 
  so good luck if you think texts that confirm stuff that everybody knows and nobody cares about will offend people . 
  oh i 've been to boston . 
  it 's better than the west coast but let 's be real , it 's no france or italy . 
  yeah , i 've lived in the us and i live in canada now but i really would n't want to stay in north america , not for ideological reasons like everybody else in this thread apparently , but because i 'm not a fan of these modern cities designed for cars , with huge suburbs with wooden houses that all look the same etc. . . 
  i just miss walking around in cobbled pedestrian areas , in small streets full of bars and pubs ( instead of going to a pub in front of a four-lane street ... ) , i miss old buildings , i never realized how beautiful french cities were before i lived in north america . 
  hmm ... japan ? 
  they hate us coz they anus . 
  why so serious ? 
  * checks flag * oh ... 
  probably not even that . 
  google `` kebab marseille '' and you 'll find places with `` kebab '' in their name and recognized by google . 
  they 're not on the map . 
  because we are a very irreligious country , so christmas is n't as big a thing as in other countries . 
  i 'm sorry you are too smug to realize that people do n't laugh at your jokes because they are n't funny , not because they are bitter . 
  i would hate to be so delusional . 
  dude i live in america ... nice try . 
  we only hate idiots and you sound like one . 
  yeah but , dat high population density . 
  yeah , no . 
  the further away you are , the more you think spain is about bulls . 
  yeah , until it collapses in a few years ... 
  right , because portugal does n't rely on borrowed money at all . 
   anti-uber protests in france , for instance , are far more violent . 
  yeah and i would n't tell people to not use our taxis ( or uber ) . 
  such ridiculous scaremongering . 
  people pay attention to the eurovision ? 
  it must depend where you 're from , i only ever hear about it on / r/europe . 
  so why do n't they do that now ? 
  yeah . 
  i 'm still not convinced russia would invade europe beyond ukraine . 
  i doubt the only thing that holds them back is the us 's military power . 
  it 's a bit paranoid . 
  i know a spot in menton , france where i feel like i could take a picture that looks exactly the same ... 
  it 's crazy how similar mediterranean cities are . 
  our current government is so weird . 
  everything they do is a mystery . 
  seriously , they keep baffling me , month after month . 
  i do n't always disagree but they sure have the strangest opinions for a standard left-wing government . 
  did n't wikileaks also take forever to release their leaks ? 
  woah , if you 're over 30 , you must be right . 
  except i 'm over 30 too . 
   so far we only have a common media realm once a year for pop music . 
  more like terrible , cringey music . 
  eurovision is the european thing everybody makes fun of , always ( it might depend on where you 're from , though , from what i understand they take it seriously in eastern and northern europe ) . 
  now , if they could have some actual popular shows that people watched , i agree it would be great . 
  if teenagers grew up watching european instead of national reality tv , they would feel more european for sure . 
  wait , you 're serious ? 
  no it 's the eurovision of course . 
  ^ okay ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ out ^ ^ ^ ^ d :, 
  i think in j\u00e9rome cahuzac 's case , this is something he did before his political career , when he was a surgeon . 
  he was probably screwed afterwards because taking the money out would have been noticed , so he had to keep it there . 
  this is like j\u00e9rome cahuzac . 
  minister of finances , he spent his days talking about fighting tax evasion ... until we found out he had a secret account with a fortune on it in singapore . 
  what i mean is that even in the 90 's they kept talking about the `` 3 millions de ch\u00f4meurs '' . 
  we 've been hitting a new record every other month for as far as i can remember . 
  living in the south of france and going to both spain and italy pretty often , i disagree . 
  northern italy is beautiful ? 
  i think even `` rich '' cities like barcelona have lots of places that look way more ghetto that anything i 've seen in northern italy ... 
  it 's interesting how close france , germany and italy were until recently . 
  they 're basically the same line . 
  it seems that in the past 10-15 years , the gaps keep increasing between all countries . 
  ah , i thought we were only talking about france here . 
  if you look at all of europe , it 's a different story . 
  but i 'm still not quite sure we can generalize from that . 
  do the attacks in paris and norway really have anything in common ? 
   as you can see , the impact of individual attacks it 's a * single outlier * . 
  you ca n't even use the plural here , let alone generalize saying :  the impact of individual attacks compared to the noise of smaller attacks is increasing . 
  well i mean , if you base your statistics on a single event , they are n't statistics . 
  it 's way too volatile . 
  until november , terrorism had greatly decreased in france in the past 20 years as compared to the previous 20 . 
  i do n't think it makes sense to consider that a single event completely changes that , unless it gets confirmed by more similar events . 
  if you disregard the paris attacks that really inflate the numbers as a one-time thing , france has had way less deaths caused by terrorism between 1990 and 2014 than before that . 
  we do n't have violent basques or corsicans anymore . 
  but people care less when the terrorists are n't muslims . 
  i 'm from the southeast and i 've never met anyone who could speak occitan , ever , either . 
  it 's reaaaaaally close to being a dead language . 
   no poll makes marine le pen winner of the next presidential election .
