  are you guys too young to remember the metro/rer bombings in the 90s ? 
  terrorism in france/europe is nothing new . 
  this is n't what the quenelle usually looks like though ... 
  i suspect this picture was taken while he was moving , before of after his quenelle . 
  hard to take you seriously when you cherry-pick images like this . 
   ( i think this figure is statistically within the margin of error . ), 
  yeah plus her polling score had been rising steadily for quite a while . 
  the attacks only had a minor impact ( if any ) . 
  okay , so i do n't get what you 're saying . 
  i 'm talking about france here . 
  since they altered the constitution already , they could also remove the need for that ... 
  well to be fair the us has been in a `` state of emergency '' since 9/11 ... almost 15 years ago ... 
  i would n't be surprised if the same thing happened in france . 
  i 've known phd students who after four years in france still did n't speak a single word of french . 
  three of them grew up in belgium tho ... 
  i 've seen lots of victim blaming this time again on reddit . 
  comments about how this is all because france supposedly segregate its muslims and treats them poorly ... 
  whatever , we 'll ban turkeys . 
  there are twice as many belgian isis fighters than french isis fighters per capita . 
  [ belgium is the country with the highest number of isis fighters per capita in europe . 
  have they though ? 
  how do you know ? 
  how is their nationality relevant if they lived in belgium ? 
  well , if they lived in molenbeek , surely if the fact that it 's being discriminated against that pushed them to become terrorists , it must have happened in molenbeek ? 
  funny how for the past two days i 've read countless comments from americans on reddit saying that the shootings happened because muslims are supposedly discriminated in france whereas they are n't in the us . 
  turns out , they are n't even from france , they 're from belgium ... 
  not in paris for sure . 
   french is easier to learn than german for english-speakers . 
  yes , because french grammar is easier than german grammar in general . 
  what i 'm saying though , is that * english is easier to learn for german speakers than it is for french speakers * , which is n't the same thing . 
   germans do n't have the same apathy towards learning the english language . 
  i really do n't think that 's it . 
  the difference is that it 's way easier to learn a germanic language when your native language is a germanic language too . 
  english may have a lot of french words for complex/abstract concepts , but its base grammar and most common words really feel like a simplified/altered version of german . 
  reddit is depressing sometimes . 
  it really feels like people will believe any idiotic stereotype . 
  but what if you 're looking for people who truly hate the french ? 
  if every day they ensure that one of the choice is pork-free it is n't just more than a single choice , it 's the exact same thing as offering kosher/halal food ... 
  maybe if it worsens the economy of germany a bit , they will be less douchey to the rest of the eu . 
  wait , really ? 
  adolf has been a common name for centuries ... 
  i squat on my chair all the time ... til i 'm a slav-asian . 
  well we have to , the front page is literally flooded all day with this sanders guy . 
  i never hear of him or us politics anywhere else though . 
  what i 'm interested in here is whether people are gaming reddit or not . 
  i do n't really care who gets elected president of the us , i doubt there will be a `` fallout '' whoever it is . 
   if hilary gets the nomination i will vote for whoever runs against her -- even trump . 
  interesting . 
  why do you dislike her so much ? 
  ca n't blame you . 
  a better parallel would be , '' / r/politics , is your average european all that anti-immigration , or is it just / r/europe circlejerking ? 
  ca n't ask there because they 'll just downvote me . '', 
  which i think would be a valid question . 
   there was a lot of of people circlejerking over paul , but the actual effort put in ( donations , rally attendance , volunteering ) was n't all that . 
  i 'm not quite sure about this . 
  you have to keep in mind that reddit was much smaller back then . 
  a large % of redditors probably did these things but it was less visible . 
  well they used to circlejerk about ron paul too , which is anything but left-wing . 
  and the anti-immigration stance on / r/europe does n't sound very leftist either . 
  so it 's more complicated than that . 
   this is really about how reddit functions , the algorithms and all that . 
  if anything consistently gets upvoted , it becomes an all encompassing circlejerk . 
  but if you ask sanders supporters that , they are n't going to say that , they are just going to argue for sanders . 
  this is my point though . 
  because of the way reddit works , it 's impossible to discuss this on subreddit with a significant amount of americans , because sanders supporters will downvote anything that vaguely sounds like it could be criticism and lecture you about how there can not possibly be any manipulation and sanders simply is our lord and savior . 
  and your average more sane us redditor wo n't say anything , because why bother . 
  a post like this one would n't be upvoted anywhere else in my opinion ( except maybe on / r/libertarian or something ) . 
  well in this case it reaches such proportions that i really suspect there 's more to it than that . 
  i would n't be surprised if a lot of sander 's team spent days on reddit . 
  also you 're getting really defensive about this like i 'm saying only american redditors ever circlejerk , which is n't at all something i said . 
  not americans , redditors . 
  honestly it 's impossible to discuss bernie sanders anywhere else on reddit without hordes of us redditors telling you that he 's going to save the world and we should all worship him . 
  this is my whole point . 
  reddit gets very monolithic at times . 
  right now it 's a 100 % bernie sanders circlejerk and you barely ever hear the libertarians . 
   a 30 minute conversation with them is all it takes . 
  honestly if you spend 30 minutes proselytizing about your favorite candidate , pretty sure anyone would tell you you 're right in the end to get rid of you . 
  well my only contact with americans is through reddit , and us redditors sure as hell do n't like trump . 
  nah , they 'll just ignore the bad stuff . 
  it 's like you do n't know how reddit circlejerks work . 
   same shit different election . 
  were you here 8 years ago when everyone was jerking off to ron paul ? 
  yes , and i was glad it was over ... now it 's the same shit all over again . 
  edit : and i do n't really know , regarding your second point . 
  yes , the average french redditor is n't representative of the average french person , but it 's more of a clusterfuck of diverging opinions on / r/france in my opinion . 
  there were quite a few pro-m\u00e9lenchon people at some point but a lot of other commenters were always contradicting them so ... 
  i 'm not sure why there tends to be a circlejerk about only one person when it 's about the us . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's because you have way less parties/candidates , or if there is always this one tech-savvy candidate who 's good at manipulating websites like reddit . 
  it 's really interesting how us redditors can go from worshipping a very right-wing politician to worshipping a very left-wing politician . 
  i guess there is also this feeling that the underdog must be right and he 's just being oppressed by the man , or something . 
  thanks . 
  135 comments and 9 hours later , first real answer to the question . 
  apparently . 
  i 'll try next time , to see what they 're like . 
   led lamps are way more efficient then incandescent . 
  if one does n't purposely abuses them they are more cost and power effective . 
  relative to their surface , yes . 
  but it 's hard to make them big , so you have to put a lot of small leds together , and until recently you could n't buy a led bulb that was equivalent to a 100w light bulb . 
  what planet are you living on to think people go out of their way to find incandescent bulbs when they can just find cfls at their local supermarket ... 
  ridiculous .
