  edit : for comparison [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/5qo3hwq.jpg ) is what they 're supposed to be like , [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/y9a1sjz.jpg ) is not . 
  and that 's not even the worst example i 've seen . 
  sweden ( and maybe the other nordics too ) are better at queueing than you . 
  i 'll fight anyone who claims otherwise , they clearly have n't been queueing in both countries . 
  you 're decent , but we 're the experts . 
  it 's a national sport here too . 
  what is going on with that spelling you keep using ? 
  how is the swedish education situation in finland if i may ask ? 
  is it really bad and/or do people not have any interest in learning it ? 
  sounds interesting . 
  have to try if i ever find my way across the sea again . 
  does n't seem like our monopoly store stocks any , unless it 's known under some other name here . 
   the good news is that i can say `` two beers please '' in 18 languages well ? 
  go on , prove it . 
   ^ ( ( seems like good knowledge , i want to learn !, 
  what 's that ? 
  what does it taste like ? 
  in swedish ` balsam ' refers to hair conditioners and liniments , neither something you 'd willingly drink ... , 
  not really . 
  it 's not supposed to be compounded but you got the letters right . 
   if i am not mistaken it is known in europe , please confirm ? 
  never heard of it in sweden . 
  the us enacted their nationwide 21 + in 1984 , prior to which the states ranged from 18-21 . 
  we 've had our 20 + for closed containers since it was * lowered from 21 * in ' 69 . 
  if anything they 're the copycats . 
  i think changes would have more to do with it being kind of normalized in the eu , rather than * any * us influence . 
  huh , i was unaware . 
  that seems pretty bad ... did they challenge the ruling or change the offer in some way ? 
  i know pts also shut down tre in a similar ruling , are they still also doing it whatever they did ? 
  no matter what , we did have a ruling claiming that practice goes against eu 's net neutrality , which may answer - * ish * op 's question . 
  ... maybe ? 
  the swedish post and telecom authority shut down one of our carriers ' offer for free surf on a select social media platforms for breaking the eu-ordinance on net neutrality a few months ago . 
  iirc the specific issue here was that they allowed users to use those select services after the data cap was met , so i do n't know if it 's perfectly comparable , but it seems like it could be related to me if i understand your situation correctly . 
  unless you have protected identity or something , you 'll be on some site . 
  if you 've actually somehow managed to remove all your info ( not just phone number ) from hitta and eniro , something like ratsit will probably have you . 
  if you 've really managed to remove yourself entirely from the grid , you can just check your neighbor 's info to see if your building has the numbers . 
  it should . 
  you can send mail by putting it in a postbox or leaving it at the postoffice . 
  when i say postoffice i really mean post delegate or whatever you 'd call it in english , as it 's often handled by select supermarkets and such . 
  i suppose most would receive mail at their address . 
  houses generally have a mailbox , apartments either has letterboxes for all apartments by the entrance or a slot in the door . 
  packages that are too large to fit the mail box are left for pickup at the `` postoffice '' , unless it 's delivered with a delivery service . 
  i have a sticker for no ads and shit , so i do n't get that . 
  they usually still give you the ikea catalog that comes once a year , because you ca n't let a swede go without that . 
  it 's popular among young people who drink to get drunk but do n't have much money and middle age women who 've found the magic of bag-in-box , to generalize . 
  wine is the most consumed type of alcohol in sweden , but beer comes in second not far behind . 
  spirits come in third and is a required complement to the herring at any proper holiday dinner . 
  but it can also be said that beer and spirits are probably imported/smuggled more than wine and are n't entirely accurately represented in statistics . 
  it 's very common for swedes to go to denmark or germany to buy alcohol . 
  alcohol is pretty expensive in sweden ( the alcohol-per-krona was n't really said in jest , it 's seriously a metric ) , and is n't drunk as frequently as some other countries . 
  the social perception here is kind of that you 're an alcoholic if you drink any alcohol often , but not if you just get shitfaced on fridays/saturdays . 
  it 's perceived very differently in some other european countries where having a glass of beer for lunch or a glass of wine for dinner is perfectly ordinary . 
  i think you meant subtitles , the subtext does n't give any clues of what he 's talking about . 
  but yeah , it 's really bad . 
  the girl can be understood though . 
  yeah , you 're gon na have some tough competition in that category . 
   most annoying names to pronounce nah , that 's definitely some place with a celtic language . 
  probably wales . 
  even finno-ugrics , basque , and the vowelless languages in central/eatern europe are `` worse '' than you guys . 
  why would n't i ? 
  neither is part of * ` the continent ' * . 
  what do people usually say ? 
  yeah , the uk 's even has the steering wheel on the wrong side !, 
  so uncool . 
  should definitely go to the italian lambos imo , even if they do mostly do trivial things and are n't used much in practice . 
  not that i can recall , but somewhat related i have this friend who 's so scared of messing up our `` sj-sound '' she goes out of her way to never having to say it . 
  if she wants seven of something she always says something like `` i 'll take six , or no , add one more too '' . 
  when she talks about where she lives she 'll say the province , county , or city district , because the actual city name has that dreaded sound . 
  her attempts at not saying ` sj ' is adorable , and impressive . 
  no , no . 
  not lower than denmark , it starts with them . 
  the good thing about starting off with denmark is that it can only get better !, 
   people will call you out if you do n't abide \\* * shudder * \\* . 
  you talk to them ? 
  are you some kind of barbarians ? 
  how can you infringe on someone like that ? 
  you 've got to complain after they 've left . 
  or if you know who they are you can even write a passive-aggressive note . 
  yup , what do you think it 's considered here , where alcohol costs you an arm and a leg ? 
  it 's only a thing for rich assholes to display their wealth . 
  the only reason it started was because they forbade them from spraying it all over the place . 
  it also spread to other things ( [ totally accurate video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhepmj3n_wu ) ) . 
  one example i know of was when a few of these douchebags went to the only mcdonalds that was open in the middle of night ( i.e. , drunken food hotspot # 1 ) and ordered 100 hamburgers to be thrown away just to prevent others from getting drunk food before the last train/busses went . 
  i think we can accept defeat in that category . 
  cheap wine has a better alcohol-per-krona value anyway , so who cares about all their stupid beer anyway . 
  stupid , delicious beer . 
  nah , [ we 're so much better !, 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sinking_\\ ( behavior \\ ) ) she 's even hitting a glass preventing it from being wasted , what a fail !, 
  continentals ? 
  i 'll have you know we 're not some silly continentals . 
  sure , we may geographically be connected * waaay * up north , but we are most definitely not the continent in any germanic philology . 
  the scandinavian peninsula , great britain , ireland , and iceland are n't . 
  no , i have n't actually been to london . 
  and i would never judge a country by its tourists !, 
  but i am being pretty facetious , it was n't bad in the uk . 
  just a tad worse than my experience here !, 
  :p queueing is honesty taken very seriously where i live , it 's one of the unwritten rules you must n't break or be deafeningly judged in silence . 
  it 's also a word i do n't want to write again . 
  why do n't you just call it q : ing ? 
  freaking difficult to spell .
