strong and well funded national military and strong diplomatic ties with nato countries like uk and usa . 
  possibly specific defensive agreements with certain allies . 
  absolutely not eu military . 
  you 're delusional if you think that the uk wo n't remain an important military player in the region regardless of nato . 
  they absolutely would be involved in any major operations of the eu army if it was in their interests to be so . 
  the u.k. was involved in european military affairs before the eu and will continue to be after the eu . 
  its proximity to eu member states makes this unavoidable . 
  they obviously will not have a say in the making of an eu army but they certainly will be involved if the army is ever used . 
  i 'm not referring specifically to this map , but even after the uk leaves . 
  as a major military power , the u.k. will always be in the discussion whenever europe talks about military matters . 
  norway and switzerland , not so much . 
  they are still neighbours , no ? 
  not merely neighbours , but neighbours with an extremely advanced military and nuclear weapons , not to mention a very good track record in protecting the rest of europe and it 's liberties from tyranny . 
  they are not leaving europe though , just the eu . 
  as much as you would like it , they are still geographically neighbours and have ( or infact founded ) many values which you believe to be ` european ' like the rule of law . 
  they are also incredibly rich , and have nuclear weapons . 
  what in , your exceedingly smug opinion , means that they are little englanders ? 
  the fact that they want secure borders , smart trade deals , a nation-based military and the power to vote out their leaders ? 
  you federalists are exactly what you preach not to be - nationalistic , in-out mentality and clamouring for a war . 
  i 'm not suggesting that that will happen , but that it absolutely could and that there is very little way to legislate against it ( i am a lawyer ) . 
  i do n't want to give people that i have n't elected the power to put lithuanian boots on the ground in a foreign country . 
  period . 
  because our government will cease to be acting on our behalf and in our interests , and instead will be acting on behalf of the eu as a whole . 
  sovereignty will be eroded and our democracy will suffer heavily . 
  in lithuania , we remember what it 's like to be part of an undemocratic superstate and we do n't want to go back to it . 
  by becoming a whole , europe as we know it will cease to exist anyway . 
  the individual liberties of each nation state are already being eroded - hopefully the eu will die before that . 
  the u.k. was involved when the eu was simply a trade block ... 
  it has become much more than that now which they understandably do n't want to be involved in . 
  maybe not . 
  hopefully the eu dissolves soon instead . 
  the eu is n't a political union and as such it 's individual states are the ones who 's political objectives matter . 
  it is far from a great power without a military and it will not be able to have one until it unifies , which i sincerely hope does n't happen . 
  ah well i agree then !, 
  my english is slacking at the moment . 
  iraq , afghanistan , serbia , vietnam , some parties in ww1 , the boer war . 
  any party in a war can claim that it 's goals are purely defensive when in fact this is not the case . 
  second gulf war and the us is a perfect example . 
  because they are european and have one of the more effective/largest armies in europe at the moment ? 
  they are no doubt a military power so their opinion matters in this debate ( as it does in almost all european matters ) . 
  now we can see why the uk is deciding to leave . 
  they joined to help create a trade block and now the eu is becoming more and more federalist and jingoistic , seeing itself as a superpower and trying to develop a military . 
  good for them leaving , hopefully lt comes to its senses soon ... 
  but we have our own armies for that . 
  why would it need to be under the control of the eu ? 
  surely this could lead to a major clash of objectives ? 
  it would be impossible for a non-politically unified state to effectively or i would argue legally command an army . 
  it 's a legal , as much as political minefield . 
  there 's absolutely no way of guaranteeing that , even with specific legislation in place as aggressive wars are frequently painted as defensive . 
  but why would nations , especially the richer ones allow another body to set their tax codes ? 
  the people will absolutely not vote to give away power over their finances , especially in a union as big as 500 million peoples . 
  it would necessarily lead to the bigger economies losing money to the smaller economies until they are all roughly equal but worse off overall . 
  i agree with you that that is the only way that it could feasibly work , but the people would never ever vote for it . 
  taxation is a hugely complicated aspect of government and historically has split many countries - the reason we have the united states is because great britain tried to tax the 13 colonies without representation . 
  history has a way of repeating itself , especially in geo-politics . 
  economic ( thus federal ) union requires a unified tax policy . 
  the eu will never achieve this . 
  a unified tax policy requires basically similar living standards , attitudes to taxation and a singular government that decides where the money is spent . 
  in a place as disparate as the eu in terms of economic levels , this is completely impossible . 
  the federalist dream was dead in the water as soon as eastern and balkan europe entered the union . 
  a strong alliance ( not union ) of northern european nations including the uk , scandi , ireland , nederland and baltic states could help counteract federalist sentiment . 
  i suppose the way brexit plays out will have a huge impact on future union in europe . 
  if uk gets a good deal , i expect to see at least denmark , sweden and holland all leave within 5-10 years . 
  economically , no doubt . 
  overseeing the biggest influx of culturally disparate economic migrants into germany will certainly not work in hers favour come election time though . 
  i think that was decided for her after the refugee situation, 
  let 's be honest ... she probably does !, 
  that 's how she 's held on to power for 12 years with ridiculously high approval rates . 
  it 's all politicking and very little actual leadership . 
  i think the german people are starting to turn against her though . 
  to be a progressive muslim , you have to ignore most of the koran and auxiliary texts . 
  the kind of mental gymnastics involved is pretty impressive . 
  the difference is clear . 
  look at christian countries compared to islamic ones , and tell me which are more progressive and prosperous places to live in . 
  i do n't like any religion , even christianity but i especially do n't like islam . 
  it is a cancer in our countries . 
  sure christian conservatives are often unpleasant , but they are n't on the same scale as islamic leaders . 
  erdogan is far from a typical western conservative , he is a dangerous theocrat and we will see the demise of turkey from a fairly secular leader , to an islamic hellhole . 
  i think they could definitely use some good old fashioned polish-lithuanian liberation , 1680s style . 
  i have some cousins in minskas who 's culture is under attack also ... 
  christian politics does n't impede social progress anywhere near as much as islamic politics does . 
  islam demonstrates regression in every society in which it is prominent . 
  erdogan is an islamist , not a moderate although i refuse to believe that there is such a thing as ` moderate ' islam . 
  many people resent the fact that the eu is completely undemocratic and becoming more consolidated with every passing year . 
  people do n't like it when they ca n't outvote leaders who impose economic policy . 
  brutalism and ... cured meats ? 
  i 'm down for a commonwealth round 2 , as long as we retake karaliau\u010dius . 
  how could there have been a credible plan , or any plan at all when it was clear that a vote would have changed the political climate so immensely in the wake of a brexit vote ? 
  it was an ideological , once in a life time vote on wether the brits thought that the eu was ultimately good or bad for them to be in . 
  they decided it would be bad in the long term , and thuse voted to leave . 
  i do n't understand why people claim that because people did n't understand the consequences ( which is pretty bogus imo ) and there was no plan , that that is grounds for running another vote . 
  and they 're the best at it , to be fair to them . 
  although the russians might give them a good run . . 
  it 's what happens when you do n't have to worry about annoying things like being poor , or a communist satellite state . 
  with a cancerous religion at its heart . 
  i 'll take 100 drachmas on greece please , john . 
  exactly right . 
  churchill would have seen it for what it was - globalist , anti-democratic and potentially fascistic . 
  ah , an anti-democratic quote in response to a massively high turn out democratic vote that 's going the way you do n't like . 
  nice .
