   but that requires an ounce of intelligence . 
  instead you can just shout him down and call him a racist rapist . 
  such attitude has driven me away from most of my fellow leftist friends . 
  i still identify as leftist in a lot of aspects but i 'm fed up with this elitist `` better than you '' kind of attitude which is hardly followed by any discussion and mostly leads to trashtalking towards the person `` they '' do n't agree with . 
  i really love when i can discuss stuff with people but i absolutely hate when people go like `` i wo n't discuss this with you because you are a fucking racist / sexist / homophobe . '', 
  yes , we face a lot of problems in our modern society , but just because some people are more at risk to face discrimination does n't mean they are free to do whatever they want and `` get away with everything '' , while so-called privileged people get jumped at in every situation possible . 
  what makes me even more angry is to see that a lot of students do this when they still are in college and turn into `` not giving a shit '' once they leave college and start working or even when they around different group of friends . 
  it so often just feels like adapting to the circumstances and going with the flow , patting each others back rather than really standing behind it . 
  sometimes it feels like being ultra pc just is the most important rule in a college context in the same way you have to wear a suit when working in the financial services industry . 
  we had a discussion about this in a lecture in college and some people seriously claimed it should not be allowed because the child would get bullied more because it would have same-sex parents . 
  right , let 's keep up with discrimating laws to protect people from discrimination . 
  while my experience is that this true you also have some areas which they simply `` occupied '' and formed their own society . 
  i 've lived in berlin kreuzberg for quite some time . 
  i liked it there so do n't get me wrong , but the amount of citizens with a turkish / arab background not speaking basic german was huge ( to an extend that even advertisements / placards hanging there were not in german . ), 
  ... then you have those kids who were even born here and think that women are worth less , not even starting with lgbti rights and the like . 
  within my leftist circle of friends you often hear the saying `` no tolerance for the intolerant '' when discussing about `` full time '' racists and / or just plain xenophobes . 
  i 've yet to hear that saying when it comes about weird and highly intolerant ideas of the islam , because then it 's suddenly ok because it 's `` their culture / relgion '' . 
  within believers of whatever religion there sometimes is a line crossed between `` just '' religion and `` actual '' ideology ... and whenever this line is crossed it should get treated like any other poisonous and toxic ideology : it should not be tolerated in any way . 
  ... but still . 
  they have shelter , they are safe ... some of them seem to forget that they are refugees and not on a 5 * holiday trip . 
  they just escaped a major shithole and complain about not having a tv ? 
  i just wonder how `` they '' would react if i would have fleed to syria , would complain about food and housing and would demand pork , booze and gay porn , also air condition pls , because it 's too hot . 
  this article says that people will have to expect a fine or even prison sentence ... while this young [ lady ] ( http://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article148079037/schiesse-unglaeubigen-mit-kalaschnikow-den-kopf-ab.html ) `` only '' gets 18 months of probation for taking her kids to syria without consent / knowledge of the father , while it was perfectly fine fine to say stuff like :  if unbelievers come , i will shoot them with kalashnikov head off  i love osama bin laden  if assad 's people come , i shall sprinkle us in the air . 
   she wanted to die as a martyr i wonder , if you still would be allowed to say this stuff when ( for example ) you would replace non-believers with jews or migrants , or would replace bin laden with hitler . 
  really , which opinion will be banable next ? 
   yup , actually . 
  this is the uk 's main agency for increasing road safety . 
  having an agency run by the government does n't say much about how people care about a topic in everyday life . 
  my problem is : how do you help people ? 
  letting `` everyone '' in most likely would just lead to chaos . 
  only letting the ones in that can put together the money to come here , wo n't help the ones that get left behind without having a chance to leave as well as it wo n't help to stabilize those countries . 
  so what about the `` real '' refugees who do have to live in this war torn shithole but not have the money to get here ( and apparently no one cares about them who ca n't come in the first place ) while economic migrants are welcomed with open arms ? 
  i do appreciate people caring about the matter but i get angry when i open my facebook and see the `` 200 % pro refugee hype '' from people , who really do n't care at all other than showing how much they care . 
  i personally get goosebumps and collywobbles when an ambulance is passing by with high speed and sirens on because i wonder about what happened and know that a person must be in a very miserable situation right now . 
  for people drowning ? 
  i do feel sorry for people being forced to leave their home but on this massive scale the fate of a single person just does n't count anymore and the overall misery of them all is just another topic in the news of shitty stuff happening all over the world 24/7 . 
  what i personally find most annoying is people , who used to not give a shit about anything , suddenly turn 200 % pro refugee super leftist . 
  if people really feel that way : fine by me , but so often it feels like they just do it because it 's `` en vogue '' to do so and to be able to put themselves above other people by calling them nazi-scum and whatnot . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i 'm well aware that refugees are in a very miserable situation but i personally prefer to support people in situations i really can help and not just sit in my facebook and show the world how pc i am by trashtalking everyone who 's not 200 % pro refugee . 
  i kind of love that kind of attitude though , when people for example boast how many `` facebook friends '' they 've deleted from their friendlist . 
  they do not get into discussion with those people or even care about anything at all , but hey , at least they can `` show '' how superior they are compared to others . 
  i 've seen this so often recently . 
  people , with no interest in politics and / or society at all , show their virtue by bragging over how many people they deleted from their facebook friendlist . 
  what does giving a shit change though ? 
  i wonder how many people get killed every year because they get hit by drunk drivers . 
  is there a major movement caring about those people ? 
  do people stop drinking alcohol or at least do not drive even when not having reached the legal limit ? 
  well i would n't say doomed but i wonder what the options are . 
  on one hand i totally understand why people leave those places and growing numbers of population , unstable political conditions and climate changes people in some way have to leave there in order to survive . 
  on the other hand , most countries in europe wo n't be able ( i think ) to handle an influx of such high numbers year after year . 
  so , i 'm pretty sure , a line will be drawn at some point which will lead to a much worse situation ... and that 's when shit will hit the fan big time . 
  one solution could be to strengthen those countries , but to get it done right you would need more money than eu countries are willing / able to give . 
  my experience as a german leftist and student , who also meets folks outside the `` pc bubble '' on a regular basis : i would n't say `` suppressed '' necessarily , but depending on what people you talk with it 's either one extreme or the other . 
  i have hardly mmet anyone who 's not either 200 % pro refugee or 200 % against . 
  my social environment - mostly students - is very leftist , a lot of them volunteer in refugee related projects . 
  it looks to me that they all are 200 % pro refugee , no questions asked , no concerns allowed . 
  people speaking criticism get labeld as xenophobes , racists , nazis and the like almost instantly . 
  on the other hand : when i 'm walking my dog to the local dog park i meet a lot of `` common folks '' ( some unemployed or retired already , overall lower level of education ) there and those people are openly hostile towards refugees and migrants and have a tendency to articulate very racist and xenophobic thoughts openly . 
  so , my problem as a leftist with concerns is , that i hardly have anyone to talk to . 
  as said , people i meet tend to either one extrem or the other . 
  what i personally find highly annoying as well as very dangerous is the ridiculing , mocking and name calling of people who do have concerns , as well as the overall positive painting of refugees in the media about `` all of them '' are skilled workers , there would be a lot of women and kids among the refugees and the like , when it 's pretty clear that this is not the reality . 
  i totally can understand how people , already affected by a certain level of concerns or even hate do not trust the maintream media anymore at all and are being welcomed with open arms by right winged parties and movements . 
  no matter if it 's in my circle of friends or the media , everyone who does have concerns gets instantly put in a rightist corner , gets made fun of and is `` treated '' like they would have some kind of mental disorder , without reflecting why people might think a certain way and / or have concerns or even trying to discuss things with them and clear up prejudice . 
  ... and i 've really started to dislike this attitude of elitism , as it sometimes feels like people do n't act in a certain way because it 's `` the right '' thing , but rather to be able to place themselves above everyone else in some context of moral superiority ... to an extend , that there seems to be some weird competition of who 's the most pc of them all . 
  fun fact : i do have 2-3 leftist friends who do have articulated concerns towards me but also instantly call everyone a nazi depending on who else is around . 
  the overall understanding of the situation would maybe be better if concerns would get recognized and explained / cleared up rather than calling everyone who has concerns nazi-scum with less than 10 iq . 
  i noticed an increase in german flags in my neighbourhood , either in the front garden , on cars or bikes and shit is starting to get real scary for me here . 
   integration and assimilation are two different things . 
  we want them to integrate , not necessarily to be assimilated . 
  ( i 'm not sure about this sub , but that seems to be generally the idea . ), 
  this exactly . 
  i do n't want people to give up on their cultural background completely , but i would appreciate if they would integrate into local conventions and norms especially in regards to women and lgbt rights . 
  as said : i myself am an atheist but i 'm fine with everyone going with whatever religion they prefer , whatever floats your boat , ... as long as they do n't use their religion as an `` excuse '' to act violenty towards other human beings and things they might not be able ( yet ) to understand or willing to tolerate . 
  if people fuck things up during the asylum process , make them lose the right to get their request granted . 
  i 'm all for helping people out fleeing from a miserable situation , but people have to stick with with the local law and conventions . 
  else , integreation wo n't happen , ever . 
  you want a better life ? 
  good for you , first step is to rethink if you should put religious beliefs over everything and everyone and act violently if things do n't go your way . 
  feel free to still belief in whatever god you prefer but do n't fucking use your religion as an excuse to fuck with people . 
  the problem i see is that people ( more or less ) rioted their way into the eu , disrespected local authorities , did n't stick to any guidelines and more or less did just what they want . 
  mostly without any consequences . 
  they might have learned already they can happily ignore local standards , defaults and morals as nothing will happen anyways . 
  how is integration supposed to work that way ? 
  i know that people have a different cultural background and that it might take some time to `` blend in '' , but without consequences `` blending in '' wo n't happen . 
  i do n't even mind to give it a try , but criticism and concerns should not get handled the way they get handled at the moment . 
  it 's this black and white kind of thinking . 
  everyone articulating concerns is litterally hitler while every refugee / migrant is a super skilled and educated human being , moderate muslim and will integrate just fine ... my facebook feed gets spammed with pro refugees videos and posts , while most of them have like no content and no commentary at all except ridiculing people who are concerned . 
  it almost feels like posting pro refugee videos is the like partying to gangnam style : everyone is doing it , because everyone else is doing it too . 
  what 's scaring me the most is a potential radicalization of rightist groups over being pissed that so many peeople come in as well as a potential radicalization of people coming in when they see it 's not all fun and games here . 
  another factor that i see problematic is the silencing of everyone speaking criticism by using rather harsh and aggressive rhethoric , ridiculing and mocking them , calling them names and the like . 
  ... and i do n't mean people speaking heavy racist stuff , i mean people who do think ( like myself ) that the whole thing is not thought through , that integration wo n't happen and who wonder how these 2 completely different worlds , with their completely different norms and ethics , are supposed to coexist . 
   the problem is when this obvious observation is followed up by saying how we should treat all of the refugees because of how some of them may behave . 
  ... while it 's apparently perfectly fine to call everyone participating in a pegida protest a nazi because some of them might be . 
  i somehow find it funny how the media and governments did spread fear since 9/11 about the danger of islam , extremists and the like . 
  ... and now that people find themselves in a situation they are concerned about ( justified or not ) and act `` accordingly '' media and politicians just go the other way ` round and call people irrational and nazi . 
  / edit : a word, 
  i really do n't know anything about this guy but the video from the football match linked below as well as the video linked in the article made me giggle ( more than it should have ) . 
  he seems quite special but at the same time quite likeable too . 
  what kind of person is he and how 's he doing as a politician ?
