  oh god what have you done , there goes my evening !, 
   no , i just like to tolerate things that does n't look forward to killing me . 
  i mean , look at the wahaabism and salafism : while i 'm completely with you i would be interested in actual numbers about how many muslims support those ideas ( also : to which extend ) . 
  has there ever been any announcement from any representative or person in a higher position of the muslim community who actually condemned such actions ? 
  i 'm somewhat concerned myself about the massive difference regarding moral and religious norms but i always get told , that most muslims would be rather moderate and not give a rats ass about their religion and those extremists would be a real minority , yet i never really heard about anything coming from their end which actually indicates that they in fact do condemn such actions . 
  sometimes it feels in certain situations you 're opinion is instantly rendered invalid because of your `` privilege '' . 
  i 'm not identifying as vegan , being/eating vegan just is describing my eating habbits . 
  let 's asume i eat 3-4 meals / day for 1 year . 
  that would be 1095 to 1460 meals , of which maybe 5 contain meat and up to 10 are vegetarian . 
  what would you call it ? 
  how would you name my eating habbits when someone would ask yo describe it ? 
  `` i 'm someone who eats everything except that i do n't eat everything and 99 % of my meals are vegan '' well , it 's easier to just answer with `` yes '' when people ask you if you 're vegan when they sit next to you on campus when you 're eating your tofu-sandwich . 
  i 've drawn the consequences from it already . 
  i have my close friends i see sometimes throughout the year and i have those people more or less as buddies on campus and in campus related activities . 
  i 'm mostly busy studying and in my freetime i get entertained by ( and need to care for ) my dog so i 'm not too dependant on those people . 
  it feels schizophrenic though , i actually like them and can relate with quite a lot of their train of thoughts to a certain extend , they just hyperbolize in 99 % of the time as it would be some kind of competition who 's the most pc and who has the most miserable life , who faced the most discrimination and so on , while always rendering opinions of people , they suppose to belong to a certain group of people , invalid . 
  i have those kinds of friends too but since i moved to study i only see them a few times per year now . 
  the rest of the people i did get to know here are ultra feminist , vegan , straight edge , queer leftists ... you get the picture . 
  while they still can be fun people to be around with it very often is very tiresome . 
  the most annoying is that hardly any of them has taken any responsibility in life so far , are coming from at least upper middle class families and get everything handed on a silver plate by their parents ... while lecturing me about my privileges ( working + student loan ) and how i am acting and thinking wrong in oh so many situations . 
  sometimes they just do n't make any sense and do n't even notice it . 
  i ca n't help it , i like them anyways ( mostly ) . 
  . . and exactly proves what this thread is about . 
  either you show 150 % of a certain behaviour or you have no permission to identify with something at all ( or even start to become the enemy ) . 
  i 'm vegan at home , when i cook for myself or have vegan / vegetarian guests over . 
  when having guest that have a normal diet i ask them if they 'd be fine with a vegan meal ( they actually always are ) ... 
  when being guest at someones house or eating out with friends / family / coworkers i do n't insist to have a vegan diet served . 
  i then mostly eat vegetarian , sometimes even meat , depending on what is offered . 
  / edit : having a vegan diet is a decision i 've made for myself , not for other people , and i really hate fellow vegans that use their diet to act like they 're `` better '' than everyone else . 
  i identify as leftist but i feel so out of place when being around `` true leftists '' which are 90 % of my friends . 
  i 'm having real trouble to discuss stuff with them , either you 're a nazi or sexist and ofc i always `` need to check my privilege '' ... it 's getting real tiresome . 
  sometimes it feels like those people force themselves into positions so they get attention in certain situations or even become some kind of minority , just to prove a point and then be able to complain about everyone else . 
  a friend of mine is actually a good person and fun to be around with when he is n't on his `` life 's so unfair , oppression everywhere , everyone needs to check their privilege , women always are victims , help all the refugees '' kind of mission but - holy shit - i 've had discussion with that person that have been so off that i hardly can believe it . 
  simply because he just is against whatever i say and even if he actually would agree , he 'll find a little nuance where he can be a little bit more pc than everyone else . 
   if leftwingers like me are condemned as rightwing , then what 's left ? 
  exactly my thoughts recently ... i 'm not feeling very comfortable in this situation . 
  also , studying at a rather lefty college i start feeling out of place . 
  it 's not only all the `` discussions '' with fellow students , which are n't real discussions in the first place as they just are spouting out propositions without leaving room for any discussion and silencing everyone who 's not agreeing with them while running around in their `` leftist / vegan '' uniform . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm ( actually ) leftist , 3/4 vegan as well , bust still i feel like i do not belong . 
   can people stop downplaying this with silly phrases like `` hurt feelings '' ? 
  if you say , ridicule mohammed by drawing a caricature you are knowingly insulting a muslim in the worst way possible . 
   they have the right to demand respect like anybody else . 
  alrite then , let 's start with not allowing any more mohammed caricatures , we then proceed to get rid of hollywood because the content of the majority of movies just hurt someones feelings . 
  pop music is another thing we better just not allow anymore . 
  it 'll be fun times . 
  well , in 2015 it still is apparently ( when you 're having a rather leftist circle of friends ) ... 
   germany 's left has long associated any affinity for `` germanness '' with the ideology of the nazis . 
  it 's always funny when there 's big football event like em or wm. . . when you see the fans from all over europe ( or the world ) cheer for their team , waving flags , having their face painted in their team colors / national flags and so on ... my leftist friends do n't give a rats ass about a person of whatever country is doing this ... unless it 's a fan of the german team acting just like that - then he is literally hitler . 
  how can he be the lawyer of this group when he 's banned from being a lawyer ? 
  they do n't speak even basic german german , nor english . 
  or simply do not care because they do not want to seperate waste . 
  the point is , we got some kind of system that ( actually ) forces people to seperate waste . 
  we got different dumpsters - for plastic , paper , organic and non-recycable waste . 
  while dumpsters for plastic , paper and organic are `` free '' to use as often as you want the dumpster for non-recycable waste has a chip system . 
  you need to unlock a 20l or 5l tray with a personalized chip . 
  you have a certain amount of non-recycable waste `` free '' every year but everything that goes over this amount will get you some extra charges . 
  so instead of using either dumpster , they just throw everything in front of the non-recycable dumpster . 
  the dumpster even has a sticker where some basic information about the system is given in different languages and gives a phone number where you can call when facing any problems . 
  i 've been thinking this quite often . 
  while i never really identified as german i 'm quite happy with most of the standards we have here , which i would n't call `` german standards '' though but rather standards of a ( more or less ) civilized community and / or society . 
  in my circle of friends everything that belongs to german culture is - more or less - the anti-christ . 
  while there are for sure some aspects i personally do n't like i would n't act up like hell would break lose if people like certain things ( which i do n't ) . 
  the sad thing i often see is that people with a migrant background often get away with a lot of things because `` it 's their culture / standards '' while german folks have to bend their `` culture '' and standards just to not get called nazi . 
  i said it in a different post some time ago : i live in an appartment building in a quite ordinary and regular neighbourhood here , not too middle-classish but not too chaotic either . 
  i was complaining about an arabic family living the floor above me in the appartment building i live in . 
  they ca n't seem to manage to put their trash in the dumpster and just put it in front of it every fucking time . 
  this not only attracts rats but also birds always try to open the bags and when successful start spreading the trash all over the place . 
  as a dog owner , i find this highly annoying . 
  also , they sometimes just throw stuff out of their windows ( for whatever reason ) so i find funny things like toilet paper , clothing hanging in the tree in front of my window . 
  so , after i was complaining about them for not being the most tidy people as well as not showing any respect towards their neighbours i got told that they 're coming from a different cultural background might have different standards and i should respect that , i also got called a nazi for saying that they should stick with the local standards here . 
  i mean , it 's not that i ask them to sing german national anthem at 6 a.m. in the morning , i just wonder why they seem to be unable to put their trash in the dumpster . 
  as a side note : i would have complained about everyone doing this , the fact that they 're not born here is a thing i have no control over . 
  we have people from all over the world living in this appartment building and everyone gets along just fine a friend of mine is facing a similar situation with having an arabic family living on the floor above her and their kids are going rampage in the appartment , screaming , running around , stomping and playing almost all day long and just being super loud so that she has to put her radio / tv louder in order to be able to hear a thing . 
  when she was complaining about it she got told too that these people have a different cultural background and she has to accept that . 
  so basically when we would have complained about german neighbours in both cases , everything would have been fine , people most likely would have had sympathy even , but because they are not german , we are not allowed to complain because those people come from a different cultural background and we 're not allowed to force `` german '' standards on them ... 
  ... in the end , this was the plan all along . 
  question is if their degrees will get recognized in their new country in the first place . 
  having a degree but not being able to work in the designated field most likely wo n't contribute to the overall hapiness of that person . 
   this indicates that they are the ones who went seeking a confrontation . 
  i 've been a full time leftist in my youth and early adult age and i 've seen this too often . 
  not to defend pegida or accuse the leftist groups but i 've seen this too often . 
  i 've been to heaps of demonstrations where a fair amount of kids just went to have an adventure , with a fair amount of them being intoxicated even . 
  i ca n't count the times people started trouble with the police just to then complain about police actions when they reacted accordinly . 
  again : i can totally understand it as i 've been there myself , but i also have been to a fair amount of protests where a lot of people ( ~ 95 % ) participated and all that got reported about in the media was the few kids ( ~ 5 % ) from the black block that started throwing stones at the police ... which made an actually peaceful protest look violent ( according to the media which of course only reported about the few troublemakers ) . 
  a very good example for `` leftist '' protest culture is the `` 1 . 
  mai '' protests in berlin kreuzberg . 
  you really can tell people just sitting there through the day , quite a few are getting heavily wasted just to then start going full rampage once it 's getting darker in the evening , you know shit is about to go down totally once it 's dark outside . 
  you can feel the tension building up for things to come more and more and it feels that it is some kind of `` event '' for quite a lot of the people participating . 
  it does n't matter really , either you are 150 % pro refugee or you are literally hitler . 
  it does n't matter what you say really , only questioning if it will work out in the long run is enough to make people give you a weird look . 
   yes , i think politically there 's not much that can be done . 
  the major parties are messed up and you 'd also would n't want to vote for npd/pegida . 
  even going to `` protests '' is n't an option , because they 're full with the other kind of brain-dead idiots ( neo-nazis ) . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  i still identify as rather leftist , yet i 'm not happy with the whole situation . 
  voting right is not an option , going to protests neither , for the exact same reasons you 've already stated . 
   what you can do is to talk to others about it . 
  do n't be afraid . 
  you 're not heartless or right wing . 
  it 's not that easy though .
