well , there 's nothing wrong with political correctness , to a certain extend . 
  it 's about the degree of actions and thoughts , like ... just because there 's nothing wrong with sipping some red wine every now and then does n't mean you should have a bottle of vodka for breakfast every day . 
  some sort of common sense , respect , listen to other people and general healthy attitude towards other human beings is the key . 
  but acting overly pc to show some kind of kind of elitist , superior behaviour ( imho : it often feels like that ) might not be the key to world peace . 
  i 've met very few overly pc people i 've got along with well , ... those actually were able and willing to listen as well as they were open to discuss stuff rather than jumping you instantly like hyaenas are jumping on rotten meat . 
   germans are either unconditionally for migrants or increasingly against them it 's not that simple . 
  the problem is , that if you speak little criticism or just try to to question certain circumstances you directly get put into a righist corner ( where hardly anyone wants to be ) . 
  i know quite a few people who do not feel very comfortable in this situation ( while not being against refugees , just to make this clear ) but act `` 150 % pro refugee '' and not mentioning any concerns when talking to other people , just out of fear people will think bad of them if they would speak their mind . 
  i 'm student , i 'm rather left winged and the mindset of circle of friends , most fellow students as well as profs is pretty left winged too . 
  speaking openly about concerns would be some kind of social death sentence in this context . 
  my sad experience so far is , that people jump you instantly and call you nazi and racist scum , while not even bothering or being able to actually explain where your thoughts ( which only might be to question if it will work to accept everyone and to wonder what will happen in the long run ) might be wrong . 
  i personally find this incredibly risky as you might push people into a corner they do not really belong or never have identyfied with . 
   similarly , ludwigsburg is demolishing social housing to build refugee shelters , displacing the residents into vary much sub-par accommodations . 
  why not directly put the ones in need to the apparently free apartments / houses ? 
  what am i missing here ? 
  is n't bmi actually somwhat outdated as it just puts height and weight in relation , completely ignoring muscle mass ~ ~ and heavy bones ~ ~ ? 
  ( semi - ) vegan here , this is utter bullshit . 
  as much as i love my ( semi - ) vegan diet , but this elitist bullcrap attitude about other peoples eating behaviours just has to stip . 
   but about the time it would get to complete the legal procedures to get an asylum and bring their families . 
  i wonder if they could have been with their families already if they 've registered in the first safe country . 
  not only they 've arrived there way earlier but there also would have been a lot less refugees so reunification might have worked a lot faster . 
   the quota is sinking since then , in the last years it 's stabilizing around 6-7 % . 
  this exactly . 
  people just do n't get recognized as unemployed while they might not being emplyed either . 
  i was unemployed for 2 months before i started studying and got put into a programm where i learned that i had to write the right name and telephone number on my job application and that i have to be on time at the job interview . 
  this programm was complele nonsense for around 70 % of the people participating either because they 've been soon-to-be students like me , students that just have finished college and were ready to start working ( but havent found the right job yet ) and people who did n't even speak basic german and just were sitting there till the time was over and could go home . 
  ... but yeah , each and everyone of us was out of the statistic as far as i know . 
  do n't you guys get special support for creative work ? 
  i was working as tourmanager in the music business years ago and was travelling with some swedes for some time ( never had that much fun on tour , i really love you guys ) and we 've been talking how it is possible that such a small country can produce that high amount of qualitiy artists . 
  if i remember right you can get some special funding from the government when doing creative work , so this might apply for the gaming industry too . 
   like , making them learn about our morals and ethics , are n't we showing our morals and ethics to a certain extend already ? 
  how many countries did they pass already , refusing food and water , by striking , rioting and the like ? 
  so what we most likely have taught them is that they are free to travel whereever they like and to do whatever they want and can ignore any laws and standards . 
  all i see is an `` i want this i want that '' attitude and it really feels like they pretty much know that they do n't have to fear any `` real '' consequences . 
  but i 'm pretty sure when at some point there will be consequences i can hear them complaining about inhuman and brutal europe is . 
  i 'm not really familiar with law enforcement meassures in syria , but i do n't think that they could have acted like that like some of them act here at the moment . 
  i 'm exaggerating here , i know , i 'm also aware that those are people in a miserable situation ... and again , i ca n't imagine what it would be like to be in such a situation . 
  but i guess i would be too desperate to go that far , just would have registered in the first save country i 'd have arrived , would be happy that i 'd be out of that shithole of a warzone and would try to get my family out there instead of fighting my way norht . 
  / edit as a side note : they seem to be pretty well infformed about a lot of stuff ( like where they get the best welfare ) , so i guess they pretty much are aware of what the local norms , morals and ethics are ( especially when people claim to have family / friends over here already ) . 
   they like to present themselves as open-minded and tolerant but they absolutely hate if someone does n't share their opinions sometimes it feels like being leftist is more of a lifestyle rather than a political background and attitude nowadays . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm a leftist myself as for my political views , i 'm semi vegan ( as in i 'm vegan at home but do eat what is offered when i 'm guest somewhere or go out eating with friends / family , also , i do n't trashtalk people over their eating habbits ) . 
  i sometimes feel like being `` leftist '' for some people is just some kind of scene and youth movement and basically you have to take the full package what comes with very conform views , attitude and clothing and the like . 
  i alos notice very elitist attitude in a lot of so-called leftists . 
  nothing wrong with that , but it can be incredibly tiresome when people do not want to discuss things but rather try to prove you wrong whatever you say in a very elitist manner . 
  i have a ton of respect of people who are `` true '' leftists , people that have read a lot of books , have a lot of knowledge about a lot of stuff , are willing to have an actual discussion with you and are open to actually listen to your opinion rather than jumping on you , just chattering empty words , whenever you say something that does n't fit their constructed reality while they hardly have reached `` reality '' in the first place . 
  ... and by not having reached `` reality '' i mean that most `` lefists '' with rather extreme views on society i 've met so far are kids from upper middle class families who go to school / college and get everything paid and offered on a silver plate by their parents . 
  also , as much as crime happens everywhere it 's stilla difference if there 's people just flipping and turning violent or if there 's a recurrent theme of `` doing it for a higher cause / in the name of god '' followed through those actions which just holds the risk of being appealing to even more people following this higher cause . 
   or they come to conclusion that they do not have guts to do it . 
  there is a lot of people that supports a cause but does not have what it takes to do it but still supports it . 
  i really wonder what the ratio is of actual terrorists , muslims supporting isis on a high level , muslims `` only '' supporting the idea of isis without really becoming noticable , muslims not bothering and muslims condemning any kind of violence in the name of their prophet / god . . 
  i would feel much more comfortable if i had the impression that muslims actually denunciate those actions and people and would cooperate more with local authorities ( like in this case ) . 
  has there ever been any word and / or appeal from some important and high ranked person or institution within the muslim community who actually condemned such actions and requested / asked ( what i assume ) the moderate majority of muslims to cooperate with authorities in order to prevent any violence to happen ? 
  i 'm in the same boat , as much as i actually support any efforts to help and support people fleeing from a torn country i do n't think that it 'll work out the way it 's getting handled at the moment . 
  a lot of regular folks getting more and more pissed day after day and this will help rightist parties in the long run . 
  especially since it 's not possible at all to have a normal discussion about the matter without getting called a nazi and plain stupid uneducated dumbass when only mentioning the slightest concern . 
  you know , calling people names , patronzing them and telling them they are just plain stupid and uneducated for having concerns wo n't make them think the way you want them to think , but rather is pushing them into the welcoming arms of rightist parties . 
  i also am highly annoyed by the wave of social media `` activism '' to an extend that i do n't even open facebook anymore . 
  people just spam pro-refugee stufff , not commented by them in any way of course , and it just looks like they wan na show the world they are not an asshat : `` hey look at me , i actually do n't give a rats ass and have no opinion whatsoever but let me optimize my social media account a bit by showing y' all that i can post some pro-refugee stuff too '' . 
  i 'm a leftist , i 'm somewhat torn and feel highly schizophrenic these days . 
  while there is a shitload of people still sitting in syria because they were not fortunate enough to get to europe in the first place we are welcoming people with open arms here who paid tens of thousands of dollars to get here and generally act like they do n't give a shit at all about anything , who do not want to cooperate with local authorities and who show an attitude like nothing ever is good enough . 
  so many people are collecting cloths and food because winter is coming , what 's a good thing , but i bet that 's the same people who pass ( ed ) local homeless people in need and not giving them anything but a disgusted look year after year . 
  also : seeing how many savings have been made in the social sector in the last years , a lot of social facilities have been closed , kindergarten teachers , social workers , nurses have been on a massive strike in order to get more money for themselves and in order to keep facilities up and running . 
  all you hear is , that there is no money , all you see is fixed-term contracts and people working overtime under unstable conditions because , yes you are right , there is no money to hire more people or even save important social facilities . 
  ... and suddenly , there is money again . 
  i 'm well aware that we just ca n't look away and that we do have to help but it 's the combination of the things mentioned above that makes me lose patience for the whole situation and i actually hate myself for having these thoughts . 
  i love how you again see a lot of kids and women , while these - afaik - make only 10 % of the refugees . 
  ... what makes me somewhat angry is on one hand those people who must have had a good lifestyle in syria in the first place ( because of the money they were required to pay to get here in the first place ) , seem to refuse a lot of help offered to them and generally nothing you offer them is good enough while there must be a lot of people in syria still with maybe no money and no ressources to get out of this shithole who maybe would love some shelter and spaghetti . 
  so when fleeing from a war arriving at some place you get free shelter , free food and on top of that some money , why ai n't that good enough ? 
  i really was n't sure about the whole discussion about `` welfare tourism '' but the more videos i see with people rioting to get to germany and sweden i really wonder in what way they are willing to contribute . 
  i watched a documentary on youtube a few days ago where they interviewed some muslim kids living in germany in the 2nd or 3rd generation already . 
  nothing changed really , it 's the same morals , norms which their parents already had . 
  most people / kids shown in this documentary stick with their cultur without any exceptions and showing openly that they want to stick with their own kind ( for example ... the kids were asked if they ever would marry a person of different believe ) . 
  i dunno really ... if a muslim says he does n't wan na marry a christian it 's his culture and we have to accept it . 
  if a christian says he does n't want to marry a muslim he get 's called a xenophobe and bad person . 
   ( which are being used and abused by their parents due to this ! ) . 
  this is what is frustrating me a lot actually . 
  i just watched this [ video ( bbc ) ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34275400 ) here and felt highly annoyed when the reporter got grabbed and dragged towards the baby that got hit by the teargas ( happens at around 0:40 seconds ) . 
  from the article :  hungary defended its action , saying that 20 police officers were injured as migrants tried to break through a gate , and a spokesman accused migrants of using children as `` human shields '' . 
  no shit , teargars definitely wo n't do any good to that baby , so how about staying away from rioting people in the first place ? 
  in such chaotic situations it can be hard to keep track of what 's going on ( what applies to both sides ) ... you could blame authorities for using such actions as you also could blame refugees for rioting as well as you could blame people that do n't stay away from those situations when having their kids with them . 
  from the article :  migrant amir hassan , from iraq , said : `` we fled wars and violence and did not expect such brutality and inhumane treatment in europe . '', 
  i 'm not there , i clearly have no idea what 's going on there , but i wonder what some people do expect to happen when they do n't seem to be too willing to cooperate with local authorities and simply try to get their own way and maybe even start rioting . 
  did n't lucke just formed a new party where a lot for former afd members joined ? 
  as another user already stated , the situation escalated just recently and i 'm afraid there will be a shift to the right . 
  it sometimes is already like that . 
  i 'm pretty much a leftist and so is my circle of friends ... but i meet a lot or `` regular '' folks when being in the dog park with my puppy . 
  despite being a leftist i do have some concerns in some regards of the current situation . 
  i litereally have no people to discuss the matter with , my leftist friends give me weird looks and call me a nazi whenever i just mention slightest concerns , the regular folks just go full hatespeech and that 's totally not what i 'm looking for either . 
  there also are some people who are pro refugee but do also have slight concerns but they do not dare to speak their mind just to not get called a nazi . 
  it just looks that - in my social environment - does n't seem to be any in-between , you either have to be 100 % pro-refugee or you simply are a nazi . 
  i 'm not immune to have biases myself and i 'm well aware of that so i 'd love to actually discuss the matter in away i maybe will learn about wrong thoughts and biases , rather than just getting called names without any discussion following at all . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gaxpqem6mk some media just showed a picture of this scene with police standing next to those 3 on the rails making it look like they are about to beat them up . 
  ca n't blame the refugees though , the media has some responsibility too , especially when using these images to write pro-refugee articles . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm rather pro-refugee , but this is wrong on so many levels . 
  i tend to stay away from everything german on the internet too , even when it comes for gaming as i just prefer to get a variety of opinions and mindsets and have chitchat with people from all around the world . 
  i identify as leftist , but am having a hard time getting recognized as one at the moment . 
  the overall holier-than-you attitude i see in a lot of people is just so frustrating to me . 
  there definitely are people in my circle of friends i can discuss stuff with and i totally am open for other opinions and learn about my own biases and `` wrong '' thoughts but on the other hand there also are people that just swing the `` nazi-keule '' whenever you speak little criticism . 
  they most times do n't even care to explain or try to discuss , it 's always just `` this is wrong , you sound like a nazi '' and that 's it ... 
  i personally find this behaviour incredibly hostile , condensending and even elitist and it 's not helping in any way imho .
