  to make this work , you have to take people , their thoughts and fears serious , you have to explain them what fears and thoughts might be rightful and which are not , just saying `` you are a bad person for thinking / saying this '' wo n't help anyone . 
  naming people , be their thoughts rightful or not , collectively as `` pack '' wo n't help either . 
  of course there are those folks with very rightist mindsets , but i think the majority is just scared , frustrated and just do n't know how to handle the whole situation . 
  not that this would excuse any kind of xenophobia hence you have to adress those fears , educate people about biases but at the same time you have to show them that you take care of their security , and also make them feel like they are not the ones who will `` suffer '' from this situation . 
  if you just call them names and show some snotty , holier-than-you attitude , put them in a rightist corner they might feel that they as well can vote righist parties next elections , i bet the right-wingers will welcome them with open arms and act like they fully understand their frustration and fears . 
  the problem with islam are the moral values that are taken for law , like women being worth less , being lgbti will makes worth less and basically every infidel is worth less . 
  if people want to belief in this , fine by me , whatever floats your boat , but i do get a problem when both people put their religion over constitutional , local law and people use their religion as `` excuse '' for violent actions respectively . 
  for me tolerance stops towards people not being tolerant . 
  period . 
  as a german , i feel like have to deal with the nazi stigma a lot these days , just for speaking my mind , that i will not tolerate those , who stick with intolerant morals and norms . 
  it would be perfectly fine for me to articulate that i do n't like nazis because of their intolerant mindset , everyone agrees , not tolerating `` hardcore '' christians because of that reason is perfectly fine too , but once i tell people that i do not tolerate `` hardcore '' muslims for the very same reason i do get a weird look and get called a nazi . 
  ... what ? 
  when i went to school we has a course that was called `` religion '' . 
  because my parenty decided that i am `` catholic '' i had to participate , we were learning about and reading the bible and it was a pain in the ass . 
  literally not a single person ever was interested in this , but we had to , at least those of catholic affiliation , for others the course was not mandatory . 
  at some point my school did come up with an alternative course called `` ethics '' where just general stuff got discussed and it was a huge relief . 
  i just wonder how courses affiliated with whatever religion still have a place in our modern society . 
  just make it optional courses so people can participate if they want to but do n't make them mandatory . 
  the problem with islam are the moral values that are taken for law , like women being worth less , being lgbti will makes worth less and basically every infidel is worth less . 
  if people want to belief in this , fine by me , whatever floats your boat , but i do get a problem when both people put their religion over constitutional , local law and people use their religion as `` excuse '' for violent actions respectively . 
  for me tolerance stops towards people not being tolerant . 
  period . 
  as a german , i feel like have to deal with the nazi stigma a lot these days , just for speaking my mind , that i will not tolerate those , who stick with intolerant morals and norms . 
  it would be perfectly fine for me to articulate that i do n't like nazis because of their intolerant mindset , everyone agrees , not tolerating `` hardcore '' christians because of that reason is perfectly fine too , but once i tell people that i do not tolerate `` hardcore '' muslims for the very same reason i do get a weird look and get called a nazi . 
  ... what ? 
   this is a very interesting pattern . 
  to be honest , can you blame them if it 's working ? 
  just be the smartest guy around and try to get every advantage possible ... as long as europe keeps showing them that we apparently do n't know how to deal with the situation , they just will keep going . 
  why cooperate with authorities if you can just act like a stubborn child in the supermarket and get your candy eventually ? 
  this exactly . 
  i grew up in the 80s ... we 've played a version of tag where we did n't get ebola , we played it `` with '' aids . 
  ... while having no idea what aids actually is . 
  posted about this from a more official source earlier too and got downvoted instantly ... 
  this is a complete farce . 
  if erdogan had just ignored it people most likely would n't even talk about it anymore , now it 's all over the news . 
  i do n't really like b\u00f6hmermann but apparently he has done everything right ... gg b\u00f6hmermann , well played . 
   translation : turkish president erdogan has formally filed a complaint against the zdf moderator b\u00f6hmermann for libel . 
  deputy prime minister kurtulmu\u015f called the `` insulting poem '' as an insult of 78 million turks . 
  turkish president recep tayyip erdogan has filed a criminal complaint against the moderator jan b\u00f6hmermann for libel . 
  a letter had been received , said the prosecutor mainz . 
  subject of questions by a law firm application is the so-called abusive poem in the zdf broadcast `` neo magazine royale '' of 31 march . 
  a criminal complaint will be examined in the already pending , the report said . 
  `` crimes against humanity '' the turkish government increased both their allegations against b\u00f6hmermann . 
  the poem is not only an insult to erdogan , but from all 78 million turks , as deputy prime minister numan kurtulmu\u015f . 
  he threw b\u00f6hmermann prior to committing to the poem a `` serious crime against humanity '' . 
  the text had `` exceeded all limits of shamelessness '' . 
  the government in ankara can not accept that . 
  kurtulmu\u015f stressed however that turkey would exert `` absolutely no political pressure '' in germany . 
  federal government embarks on new territory at the same time the federal government has to consider whether to grant the desire of turkey to determine 103 and 104 ( penal code ) against b\u00f6hmermann on the basis of paragraphs . 
  these revolve around a possible insulting a foreign head of state . 
  only with the approval of the federal government may this allegation be investigated . 
  government spokesman steffen seibert said , with such a question is the federal government had not been involved in recent years . 
  therefore , it will take some time to consider this issue . 
  from the criminal code ( cc ) \u00a7 103 insult of organs and representatives of foreign states ( 1 ) any person who is a foreign head of state or who insulted a member of a foreign government , which is staying in an official capacity within the country , or a certified in the federal territory manager of a foreign diplomatic mission with reference to its position , is punished with imprisonment up to three years or with fine , in the case of defamatory libel with imprisonment from three months to five years punished . 
  ( 2 ) is the fact publicly , in a meeting or through dissemination of writings ( \u00a7 11 para . 
  3 ) committed , \u00a7 apply the 200th the application for the publication of the conviction may also provide the prosecutor . 
  [ ... ] \u00a7 104a prerequisites of prosecution offenses covered by this section are only pursued if the federal republic of germany to the other country maintains diplomatic relations , reciprocal treatment and was guaranteed and time of the offense , there is a request for prosecution of foreign government and granted the federal government the authority to prosecute . 
  if the federal government allowed a prosecution , this does not mean that there is a conviction b\u00f6hmer 's . 
  the court will then have to determine whether it is indeed a `` defamatory '' acted as ard correspondent gigi deppe reported . 
  ` does the federal government of turkey a prosecution under section 103 and 104 , is still a prosecution for a ' normal ` offense into consideration - this erdogan has created with his complaint the condition . 
  cleaved turkish community the chairman of the turkish community in germany , g\u00f6kay sofuoglu , joined in the criticism of b\u00f6hmermann . 
  `` i think it 's not satirical , but misplaced and insulting , '' said sofuoglu . 
  b\u00f6hmermann and zdf should apologize . 
  an indictment does not hold sofuoglu but necessary . 
  sofuoglu added when a turkish cabaret artist would have said something about angela merkel , `` i think that is not good '' . 
  the reactions of the turkish community are dependent split and especially of the personal opinion of the turkish president . 
  zdf is to b\u00f6hmermann zdf director thomas bellut stressed in a statement on the website of the radio station that he continued standing `` to the satirical program , to the presenters and to mr. b\u00f6hmermann '' . 
  it 'll go right now to a small passage of the last consignment . 
  `` this passage , we have also looked at and discussed and decided : you do not meet the quality requirements that we have for programs of this type , and we have made of their own accord , '' bellut said . 
  basis of that analysis , the consignment has been blocked for a repeat and views in the media center . 
   also : beware !, 
  contains granny age women trying to act seductive and edgy !, 
  ( what you think if you can sing that 's enough justification to show up in your own music video ? ), 
  nena just did n't know when to call it , the remake you linked is just aweful . 
  moderate extremists . 
  google translate ( is not doing a real good job on this one )  up on the restricted admission subjects medicine and nutritional sciences all courses are open . 
  the number of places is flexible : `` we take people who have sufficient knowledge of english or german . '', 
  a witness they do not need . 
  currently 100 refugees would be advertised , so march . 
  the lmu does require some test , but the tu does not ( i might have read / understood that wrong though ) ... 
  from what i 've heard , some universities started to accept refugees without any need to proof former school education . 
  you basically only need to proof that you have sufficient language skills . 
  relevant : [ humans need not apply ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pq-s557xqu ), 
  i 've posted this link to the subreddit yesterday but it got removed for being off topic . 
  have my thanks for bringing it up here . 
   there has to be secular/neutral schools or opt outs for any religious stuff ? 
  there are , even though there are `` religion '' classes in almost every school , but you can opt out ( and take something like `` ethics '' instead . 
  i personally start to find the `` welcome to the new / r/europe , '' really just as annoying when everything people do not agree with gets marked as racist , nazi and commented with `` oh look at all those downvotes , welcome to the new / r/europe '' . 
  especially when `` welcome to the new / r/europe , everyone a nazi in here now '' is the only thing that gets added to the discussion what is just the most easy way to show off one 's personal own morale superiority without even saying anything really . 
  yes there are people with far right thinking in here as well as you have people from the far left and lots of people between those 2 extremes . 
  ... but commenting just like that is not adding to the discussion in any way . 
  do n't get me wrong , this is n't supposed to be a personal attack towards you and your comment , so i 'm sorry if it sounds a bit harsh ... 
  it was just yet another comment of that kind i stumbled over and i personally felt like commenting on this way of arguing at last . 
   if there 's no one to vote for who is willing to solve the problem , the people will eventually turn to those who at least addresses the problem . 
  especially after decades of denial . 
  ... and this is what scares me the most in regards of upcoming elections . 
  also , i know quite some people who never would vote right , but at the same time they do not agree with other parties programms , hence they do not vote at all , what 's not helping in any way either . 
   there is actually a war going on over there . 
  been all over the news for years already . 
  russia and turkey are at war since several years ?
