ah the good ol' ikarus ... we use them as well . 
  well i think op was thinking in geographical terms and romania is ( mostly ) not part of the balkan peninsula, 
  i feel like the mods of / r/europe should message everyone that commented in [ this thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1opnfx/4yearold_girl_possibly_abducted_from_a_european/ ) a link to this one . 
  the sorts of comments that are at the top show just how knee-jerk and ( over ) borderline racist some of the commenters in this subreddit are . 
  i find it really upsetting that those same people are from countries in europe that on regular occasion consider themselves to be the pinnacle of western ideals , culture , ethics etc. 
  bulgarian here and i confirm what you said in the edit , 
  as far as the current episode in this ongoing debate goes , i can not say because i have been out of the country for a few months and have n't followed the news much . 
  however , from my experience , even though people know that smoking is bad for you and that a lot of bulgarians smoke , there really has n't been much talk on changing the prevalence of smoking in society . 
  well , since around half of the population is smoking * ^ ( [ needs citiation ] ) * it 's no surprise that a lot of people have an opinion on this . 
  also it 's not just bars but public areas in general . 
  ayyy lmao countering someone 's generalization with a bigger one . 
  nice troll 8/10 , pretty good but needs some links and a bit more made up half-truths . 
  also , how are we different when we blame politicians when every single country in europe does the same ? 
  that david cameron amirite ? 
  sorry i lost the sense of sarcasm reading the comments chain . 
  disregard my reply . 
  i hope you are n't serious ... 
  i did n't see any post about this here so i decided to take the initiative . 
  3rd of march is the largest and most celebrated national holiday in bulgaria . 
  it marks one of the most significant events in over 1300 years of bulgarian history - the liberation of the bulgarian people from ottoman rule and the beginning of the modern bulgarian state . 
  there are celebrations all around the country but most of it is focused in towns liberated by the combined forces bulgarian volunteers and russian army and the most bloody battlegrounds . 
  the [ most crucial and celebrated ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/40/shipka-monument-bg.jpg ) is [ shipka peak ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_shipka_pass ) where thousands flock each year to commemorate those who gave their lives so that we can live free . 
  i just shared what i know . 
  the wiki actually describes that the tradition is followed in other countries including romania . 
  happy march 1st !, 
  the martenitsi are traditionally gifted between friends and family members and worn from march 1st until the trees blossom or storks arrive from the south , after which they are tied to trees for good health and luck . 
  if you want to learn more about this the wiki articles on [ martenitsi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/martenitsa ) and [ baba marta day ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baba_marta_day ) are informative and concise . 
  sofia airport has two terminals . 
  he 's implying they are leaving the country on the first plane out . 
  it also sucks as an adult who wants to watch a pixar movie that every projection at the cinema is dubbed, 
  the russians ( i think ) and many other nations wo n't even get that :(, 
  bulgarian here , same . 
  there are a lot of tourist paths of all difficulties in the mountains , pretty awesome views as well . 
  there 's also an active mountain biking community ( if that 's what you wanted to know about ) . 
  some skiing as well but bansko , borovets and pamporovo have more variety . 
  yup , also many bulgarians in west bulgaria go to greece on vacation . 
  it 's important for neighboring countries to cooperate and know more about each other . 
  glad to hear that , hope you have a great time , 
  because it was a poor joke . 
  yes , that 's a view to vitosha mountain from the city centre near the national palace of culture . 
  it 's distorted by the lens here , but i think it 's quite beautiful , especially when the air is clear . 
  it 's a mixed bag , there are parks and some well made routes , many major streets are starting to get cyclist lanes on the sides of the road , but you 're mostly either on the street or on sidewalks . 
  i usually ride on the street as cars are more predictable than pedestrians and i am more visible to drivers on intersections . 
  right , sorry ... exaggerated a bit there . 
  maybe `` do n't like each other very much '' should be more appropriate . 
  still there always are people with extreme ideas who can turn that into something more powerful . 
  when the ottomans invaded the balkans they killed thousands and imposed their discriminatory laws against the christian population . 
  this divided muslims and christians for many centuries after that . 
  [ eastern question ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_question ) - with the decline of the ottoman empire many of the `` great powers `` s interests were at stake . 
  some wanted the empire to be saved , while the balkan people wanted independence . 
  in the end they decided to divide nations into small states ( divide and conquer ? ) . 
  also see the great eastern crisis and treaty of berlin again in that wiki . 
  [ the balkan wars ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balkan_wars ) furthermore instilled hatred between the neighbors . 
  these wars are also part of why those countries took part in wwi and the sides they chose . 
  also during wwii there were many power struggles for the balkans . 
  first between the axis and the allies and then between the west and the soviets . 
  all this has led to an unstable region with countries whose borders do n't coincide with ethnicity , nationality and religion and whose people hate each others guts . 
  in my opinion the best way to deal with this is if we are working towards the same goal and reconcile the mistakes of the past . 
  this , however , is not the agenda of certain governments which want to keep the status quo and further separate brothers , families and peoples . 
  not to mention the british , the germans and the italians, 
  part of this is also due to foreign powers always trying to mess with the region to push their own agenda . 
  well , if they really said there was daycare in english/german and there was n't i suppose they are in their rights ... 
  however , there are other quotes from the article that make me suspect this was n't the only reason :  `` the hotel complex and facilities were good but we react to the fact that apollo sent us to a timeshare hotel with only bulgarians and eastern europeans . 
    `` we feel we 've had the wool pulled over our eyes and would never have chosen this hotel if we 'd known in advance . '', 
  i see no reason for norwegians and bulgarians to communicate , just like we are at the moment . 
  i still do n't consider this enough of a reason to cut my holiday short and demand a full refund . 
  daycare is not the deciding factor in holidays . 
  they are in a 5 star hotel next to the beach , pools , spa and close to the town of sozopol . 
  all for a lower price than most places in europe also most locals know english because they make their livelihood from tourism . 
  i am not saying this because i 'm bulgarian but because i am also tourist and honestly do n't find this justifiable . 
  ok then , why * was n't * it viewed as such ? 
  & # 3232 ;\\ _ & # 3232 ; why would n't you view greece as a part of europe ? 
  i mean it 's physically on the european continent and its history and culture are deeply associated with europe ... 
  what he said ... we might not be up to all the standards but we have a great opportunity . 
  on the issue of discrimination , racism etc. 
  there is a lot more of it in other countries in europe ( even some older member states ) . 
  personally i am glad that romania and bulgaria are in the eu and hope we can develop our economy and society so that we can contribute even more . 
  should n't let yourself be bothered by it much . 
  it is just the political rhetoric in most balkan countries to try and elevate themselves above others . 
  nationalism is n't a bad thing per se but it should n't be used untruthfully and without evidence backing it up . 
  this is an issue that will have to be resolved in the next 50 years if we are to have the balkans united in ( or out of ) the eu . 
  maybe a sign of things to come will be macedonia 's eu candidacy . 
  there is pressure both from greece and bulgaria about cultural tolerance and right to self-expression . 
  if we can overcome the misleading the teachings of our past leaders we will surely become better neighbors . 
  that 's serbian nationalism speaking there ( no offense ) . 
  bulgarian , serbian and macedonian ( even though it is still not really recognized as such by bulgarians ) languages are pretty identical . 
  the one left of the 292 sign is hawt, 
  if you had n't mentioned he said it i would n't have noticed it . 
  and not all ex-yugo nations even have serbian as their official language ... also imo bulgarian should also be on the list . 
  because this is ireport and anyone can post . 
  not really relevant either ... as far as i know it was a social/economical rather than ecological period . 
  so i ca n't say it was an ecological catastrophe . 
  cool and all . . but did n't they say they only allowed research to be carried out ? 
  does this research involve fracking/dangerous chemicals ? 
  if so i 'm all for stopping it but if not why should n't we investigate how much gas there is and then have a discussion on extraction ? 
  the last thing i want are ecological catastrophes in my homeland but i 'm also not going to let myself be led by the nose by ecological organisations, 
  well , as people mentioned above some counties in the eu probably have an interest in scotland not being accepted ( financial or internal ) . 
  plus , would n't it be wise to consult with the eu before initiating in such a procedure not knowing the outcome ? 
  one question i have about this whole issue is will scotland even be accepted in the eu if they secede ? 
  if they are wo n't it take a few years ?
