  if you still live in germany , try to get some k\u00fcrbiskern\u00f6l from steiermark . 
  it 's so good , but beware of the stains . 
  and what is the difference betwen a war and an `` armed confict '' ? 
  if you are an honerary german , you must have been to austria once . 
  i hope your friend is 50 or older . 
  we austrians tried to evade history for a while but are working on it very hard to bring light into the matter . 
  also how difficult was it to learn german ? 
  then what were the last two iraq wars and afganistan !, 
  i think england has to teach them , because our holigans are n't as dangerous . 
  you guys are eu 's cyrodill , if you catch the meaning . 
  in austria the rightwingers from the fp\u00d6 mostly are against the bureaucracy and overregulation of the eu , despite austria often having more strict rules , than the eu mandates . 
  it 's history , dirty history . 
  do n't you say !, 
  russia is a scheindemokratie , where putin controls the media and thus get reelected and can fanatise his population . 
  in italy it was the same problem , how else was it possible for berlusconi to get reelected so many times . 
  it was just a joke , but a very selfaware joke . 
  already read about it in the paper . 
  reddit come on , works faster . 
  doing the best for national interests . 
  who loves dark humor ? 
  everyone !, 
  all ? 
  everyone !!!, 
  this is n't so bad . 
  it 's just a joke . 
  political correctness destroys everything . 
  you have to be able to joke about things even if they are a horrible thing . 
  otherwise you 'll end up depressed like most viennese . 
  we had none , eva in this winter !, 
  is n't everything we do history ? 
  is this the russian variation of calling everyone opposed to you a terrorist ? 
  nobody wants to be eaten by the russian bear riding putin . 
  burgenland , why ? 
  muric , saint reagan !!!, 
  yes, 
  poor soods . 
  nurse switzerland should get your medicine . 
  i bet the putin wants a `` corridor '' , right ? 
  the next step would be czech republic and after that poland , so belarus and then poland . 
  as my history teacher always says : remember history or we will repeat the mistakes of the past . 
  i dare you britain , you and your former empire syndrome . 
  thanks for the real term . 
  the best thing is the french and british call sexual diseases after each other . 
  in french syphilis is called the english disease and in english , the french disease . 
  effectivly we are n't neutral anymore , but the law is still in effect . 
  back in the 18 . hundred everyone spoke their regional dialect , but then the prussians started to wipe the dialects out with their school reform . 
  because prussia was mostly in northern germany it wiped the the low german dialect more or less out . 
  also the more you come into mountainous areas the stronger the dialect gets because the people were isolated a lot , which is n't as much the case in lower germany . 
  there are also some rules for austro bavarian dialects . 
  and now chinese . . 
  visit ober\u00f6sterreich , if you have time . 
  no really , what are you doing here ? 
  oh we understand you guys , we just laugh at `` high german '' . 
  neutrality does mean you do not join a military alliance . 
  looking out for one 's interests does not break neutrality . 
  you can do buisness with anyone and nobody will stop you . 
  kreisky invited gadaffi and asfarat for example . 
  yup our politicians still play the neutrality card . 
  ukip has hileriously stupid leaflets . 
  we too can switch between hochdeutsch and dialekt , but we just like to h\u00e4ckl you guys . 
  one of us , one of us , one of us !, 
  iraq is disolving and the kurds will get their own country for the first time . 
  probably syrian kurds will join . 
  i thought romania is in uk ? 
  what are you even doing here , ami !, 
  why not do it like the netherlands with three capitals . 
  one is in vienna . 
  but your guys will , after leaving the uk and stripping it of half their map , oh ireland has to gett his andreas cross . 
  we are going to do it wolfenstein way . 
  merkelstadt , merkelbruck , merkelfurt , or simply merkel . 
  scotland will leave you soon enough . 
  me too ... 
  just doing a game as estonia , have already formed suomi , coming for norway or sweden next . 
  eesti can into nordic !, 
  liechtenstein is n't even in the eu ... 
  * laughs maniacly *, 
  but it still does n't explain the cathegories meaning . 
  bald ... 
  why is austria rated so low in equality ? 
  this list seems so arbitrary . 
  and why are we so low on enviroment ? 
  using no nuclear energy and generating a lot of clean energy . 
  my father always was very disobidient and had to do a lot of punishments from his supiriors . 
  i never heard of any resistance in denmark , which did anything like bombing railroads . 
  hope nothing ever goes wrong . 
  it would be a shame , if something happened to the wallonians . 
  luckily in austria we got a lot of hydroelectric power and store the ebergy of europe over night . 
  same exact thaught . 
  yup , the mushrooms still are radioactive in austria . 
  til , that noone lives on the balkan . 
  and the most is oil for cars . 
  no we do n't import half out energy . 
  40 % of our energy comes from hydroelectric plants , the rest coal , gas , oil and solar and wind . 
  you would think , that being torn up in the middle is the bigger problem . 
  the danish occupation was the most peaceful of them all . 
  your army dropped the guns harder than a groupy dropping her panties for a rockstar !, 
  poor greeks , there is noone else south of them . 
  what about wind , the danes got lots of it . 
  why is the first thing i see , when opening the page , a man , who says . 
  what are you looking at ?
