  most austrian wirth\u00e4user you only find in smaller villages , which is a shame . 
  i never even have tasted spanish cuisine once . 
  beer independence !, 
  now !, 
  say the nation which stole most of of our 's . 
  yes . 
  i , upper austria everything is considerably well . 
  i doubt somebody wants to come to croatia with 14 % unemployment . 
  schschsch , come to austria like all the others and open a spanish restaurant . 
  we have n't got any . 
  you bastards have banned us from our map !, 
  also the german method for unemployment does not matter in this map , because ( at least it should ) the figure is calculated seperately with the same conditions for everyone . 
  they take the raw data from every national statistic company . 
  also the unemployment rate after the austrian methode is usually bigger . 
  first up , you join yourself . 
  no job , no wife :-(, 
  the romans have , like everywhere , mixed in with the migrating tribes . 
  i thought of a new kurdistan . 
  austrians also have roman decsent , but we did n't adopt a romanic language . 
  really all the mediterrain have roman blood , so that 's not special . 
  one of my most favourite movies is `` der bockerer '' , which is about an viennese butcher during ww2 . 
  what is there else ? 
  funny games is something if you like horror and i do n't really know any more right now . 
  you said we should not make money from the past so the inner city got to be destroyed . 
  nothing is as cool as american beer !, 
  i do n't know anything about beer , because i do n't really drink . 
  you can change your name , if it 's ridiculus , dificult to write , or you could be persecuted because of it ( refugees ) . 
  your dictator destroyed a part of the city for his house . 
  i have a theory that this number is just so high because everyone goes to see the budweiser brewery . 
  the problem is connection means verbindung . 
  that is n't the same . 
  hitler is dead and has been for some time . 
  ok i 'll think about flatting some parts of the inner city of vienna like you did in your capital . 
  yeah , because the name of your child only concerns you , it 's not like he has this name for all of his life and has some saying in what he wants to be named . 
  the thing is we have future and we make money from the past . 
  so you are 35 and are unemployed ? 
  yeah , i can understand . 
  i too would be mad if all of my past was made up . 
  be wary of the lowland refugees , they will take your jobs and your wifes . 
  they take pride in taking your clay !, 
  i think you guys just get high from all this cheese . 
  too bad someday the dams will break and drown you all . 
  dutch included . 
  i am speechless . 
  so what has this to do with based austria ? 
  cool , the scots should be interested . 
  i once heard of a case in america in which a baker refused to bake them a birthdaycake for adolf hitler . 
  they last name was hitler and they called their son adolf . 
  i feel sorry for them for having such a shitty name . 
  i also have an extraordinary name , but mine is not insulting . 
  i was bame after the great marlon brando . 
  a lot of people then make the mistake to say marion . 
  ok , i was worried i had to work with a hitler bj\u00f6rnson in the future . 
  what does based mean ? 
  according to the swede she named some of her children seven , ninja and star . 
  he said he wanted to be such a baby not that he is . 
  is that really allowed in sweden to name your children anything !, 
  in america you can name your child anything , which is kinda sad for the child . 
  in austria it has to be a clearly male or female verified name . 
  [ insert snarky comment about romanians ], 
  it was the heir , which got killed . 
  are you sure ? 
  the last time i took him in his jealous brother caused a world war . 
  good . 
  now please convince your brother slovenia and we can unite into the new austrian empire or if you do n't like that name the danubian federation/die donauf\u00f6deration . 
  considering i can read dutch altough i only speak german and english . 
  i did n't know haider managed to cause one of the biggest brain drains in the history of our country . 
  he is nothing against your guy , he wants to recreate the hungarian empire !, 
  not until you get rid of orban !, 
  even the fp\u00d6 says that orban is too right for them . 
  you have it black on white !, 
  i did n't say it was a conspiracy but that the hungarians goverment just settled ethnic hungarians there to influence the vote . 
  you know after ww1 a first exodus already had started . 
  after austria lost the referendum you think nobody left the city ? 
  your goverment settled large amounts of hungarians around todays sopron otherwise the austrian side would have won . 
  it has all to do with the plan . 
  we press nationalism claim and then take triest . 
  after giving it slovenia we integrate slovenia and profit !, 
  that 's how we lost \u00d6denburg !, 
  the maltese are berber which settled there after the greek . 
  then when the island was conquered by christians they converted to catholic . 
  ironically they are one of the most zealous in europe . 
  everything in austria is cool !, 
  now gib back s\u00fcdtirol !, 
  what i mean with them getting watched is , that in recent years your leaders have passed laws which favour certain companies and after their terms ends they get hired by those same companies they helped . 
  where do you want to move ? 
  hopefully austria . 
  first of all i would abolish `` first past the post '' or `` the winner takes it all '' voting system . 
  it homogonises the political landscape . 
  small parties get killed off through this . 
  i really dought ~ 50 % of the population each have similar interests , but most vote strategically so the ideological enemy wo n't be elected . 
  i would ban private campaign of companies or to go even further most campaign contributions at all . 
  the system then would be replaced by a tax funded model to stop the influence of corporate america and other rich douches . 
  i would abolish house and senat and replace it with a parliament . 
  ( to this day i do n't know why you guys need two ? ), 
  rewrite the constitution so the president has no longer any power , who the next highest judge will be . 
  the three powers have to be independent as possible . 
  and at last : let former and current political leaders be watched so they wo n't make any shady deals . 
  in most of austria it 's tradition to let your child get baptised and let them expirience the church . 
  then after they become 18 some stay some leave , some stay .
