  / jk  did you think that you annexed part of spain or what ? 
  it 's just the name of a local city called halytsch ( galitsch ) , which was latinised to galicia . 
  simple stuff , eh ? 
  still a better deal than either prussia or russia . 
  i mean during the \u00d6vp / fp\u00d6 coalition the rest of the eu feared we would go fascist ... they really overestimate our power . 
  the logo now makes sense . 
  really , what a surprise . 
  i thought it was austrian . 
  why is spar 's flag the netherlands ? 
  should n't it be austria ? 
  there is a reason why the banat had to be resettled after routing the ottomans . 
  the eu currently tolerates it as we argue that without it our healthcare system would collapse . 
  to summerise the article : austria has a huge problem with foreign students studying in austria and then moving back their home countries after graduating . 
  it is especially bad in medicine , but not limited to it . 
  84 % of german graduates , 69 % of eu-foreigners and 60 % of other foreigners left the country after finishing their studies . 
  because of all of this there is a quota in place with 75 % of study places are reserved for austrians . 
  gdp/capita is n't the best metric to judge productivity alone . 
  a lot of us gdp comes from outsourcing home work to the outside like gardening , childcare and so on . 
  if a housewife cleans it is n't counted as gdp , while a mexican maid cleans it is counted . 
  we are doing fine , while americans work under the yoke of no labour laws and businessmen can not trust each other . 
  in austria businessmen go drinking together , discuss business casually during dinner without fear that they will get backstabbed by the other person over some shortterm gains . 
   you are only responsible for what is written in the contract . 
  sure , legally yes , but morally not . 
  most companies in germany and austria are small companies , but even in bigger ones there is a sort of kinship , between the ceo ( often the founder ) and his employees . 
  they trust him to sail the ship into the future and he trusts them to do their job the best they can do . 
  it 's a strong bond and it 's sad to see it severed . 
   also the german union ig metall said that workers in that company are getting paid less than others in germany , they accepted the smaller salery in return for job security . 
  that 's now gone as they shafted all their other customers . 
   the us have everything but you do n't have a monopoly on those resources . 
  we can always buy somewhere else or develope stuff ourselves . 
  do n't think for a second the eu needs the us more than the us need the eu . 
  you keep telling yourself that . 
  he is good at marketing i give you that . 
  it is n't . 
  every company has responsibility for their employees and that 's the generally accepted norm in germany and austria . 
  oh really ? 
  maybe austria alone , but not the whole eu , you little smug fuck . 
   they need stability . 
  not only that , but be trustworthy . 
  without trust no business in the longterm . 
  musk has the luck that he has a gold egg laying goose , otherwise nobody would do business with him . 
   american way of handling business is different from how the established ventures of european companies operate . 
  it 's ok that americans handle their buisness differently , but they can do that in the us and not europe . 
  from everything i have about business in the us it 's like vultures killing each other over getting minimally more meat of a carcass . 
  it 's bad for the company as they shaft their long time customers and only focus on tesla , which means they are fully dependent on them and at their whim . 
  which means if tesla goes down they will too and with them shafting their other customers it means they could go bankrupt as they have too few customers as their reputation has been tarnished . 
  you do n't want to work with a company that drops you as soon as their owner demands it . 
  look , it all depends on the elasticity of the demand and supply . 
  is the demand highly elastic a tax will be carried mostly by the supply , if the demand is inelastic a tax will be carried mostly by the demand . 
  i personally do n't know enough about the market of online advertisment to give you an indepth analysis . 
   them see more ads you are a fool if you think they do n't already maximise their ads . 
   pay more for a subscription service than other countries or whatever to make up the expenses of having to pay taxes to their governments ? 
  the new laws would not affect this . 
  subscriptions are already taxed . 
  the idea is to tax the income google and facebook get from the data they receive from their users . 
  in this case it would be difficult to directly try and transfer the taxes onto the users . 
  how would that even be economically feasible ? 
  you tax the companies , not the users , much easier and less expensive . 
  arguing with you is pointless . 
  the only country to activly not fight against the annexation diplomatically was the usa and the rest more or less had accepted it silently . 
  also international law is no codex and only what is practised and what the countries voluntarily behave by is `` law '' . 
  do n't reply , it 's fucking pointless . 
   because there is such thing as international law . 
  international law is what countries say that international law is and international law has always been a case of `` might makes right '' . 
   we were de facto controlled , not de jure , which makes it occupation , not annexation . 
  the thing with de jure is , that multiple countries can have a `` de jure '' right on a piece of land and like beauty it 's in the eye of the beholder ( and the might of the opposing armies ) who has more of a right to the land . 
  just to play devil 's advocate . 
  the baltics were part of russia for several centuries and thus they are an integral part of the ussr . 
  combine this with the might ( = right ) of the su and you were de jure part of the ussr . 
  those list would be the eu-list of national parties and not the other way around . 
  would n't work . 
  even if the rule of the ussr was harsh and unwanted the baltics were defacto annexed and not occupied . 
  there was no government left , the institutions were dissolved or integrated , you were governed civily and not militarily . 
  why do you not accept the reality that you were not occupied but annexed if i may ask ? 
  why do you call it an occupation anyways ? 
  i mean occupation has something to do with the military of one country controlling another country territory until a permanent solution is found . 
  you guys were annexed , your government dissolved and you were integrated in the su . 
  i know about the subject matter as it has implications for the anschluss of austria . 
  that wo n't happen . 
  only two new parties have emerged during the second republic and managed to stay relevant over the years : fp\u00d6 and the greens , with the fp\u00d6 being the only one of the two , who could possibly earn the status of `` people 's party '' . 
  their rightwing following is also fairly loyal and as long as they stay anti muslim/turk they wo n't defect . 
  at most there would be powerstruggles inside the party as founding a new party would never work . 
   gets flooded by dutch in the winter goddamn suicidal dutch . 
  always trying to off themselves by going schuss into the valley . 
  `` this video is not available in your country . '', 
  goddamn copyright nazis !, 
  fun fact : the duke of austria was an accomplice in the kidnapping and ransoming of richard lionheart and with the gold gained he built a new town , today known as wiener neustadt . 
  linz , but close enough . 
  oh really ? 
  well good luck with getting that passed into law . 
  corporations never like to have more restrictions on them and some people are very selfserving . 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  why do you have such a hate boner for the sunday shopping ban ? 
  for poland it most likely carried over from communism . 
  most restaurants are open sundays . 
  where do you live ? 
   it 's always said that no superior should expect or demand anything from his employees he would n't do himself . 
  true , but that does n't mean one should expect their employees to be on one 's own level of performance without the pay , prestige or other benefits . 
  musk gets a lot out of his companies , the same is n't true for his employees . 
   the thing with musk is that he is pretty much willing to put in everything for his vision .
