  not like he could read . 
  * a quarter of the workforce, 
  dollfu\u00df for for actual austrian politicans . 
  he destroyed the first republic and weakened austria against germany through refusing to colaberate with the social democrats , who like hitler even less . 
  yeah , the teutonic order was n't establishe without a reason . 
  nonono , pomerania was germanised in the middle ages . 
  some southern state made the bible the state book , so the wall is falling apart . 
  so i am not the only one who visits / r/tia ? 
  come on sweden !, 
  this is just stupid . 
  prostitution was there from the beginning of the time and it will be there to the end of time as long as there is sexual desire in the world . 
  you ca n't punish people for that if it 's both consensuel . 
  did you know that rape numbers also dwindle when prostitution is legal ? 
  come to think of it , austria is a very liberal country for being so consrvative in mind . 
  i 'll become city planer and make it happen . 
  i expect pressburg will grow together with wien in the next century , if nothing happens . 
  girls just wan na have fun !, 
  you know that less than a third of the population work in industry anymore ? 
  austria is trying but most communities do n't want to have refugees . 
  in one case the majority of the population is for it , but the mayor is against it . 
  learning from the best , i hope ? 
  corporatism is a modal in which the state monopolies large parts of union and economic organisations under one banner , so there is one big mandatory union and one economic organisation of a kind . 
  this then forces the leaders of the unions and economic organisations to work together internally . 
  most of the time they work together with the goverment and present solutions they worked out , which then makes implementation rather easy . 
  also wage bargaining is between the union the represantitives of this part of the economy and the goverment . 
  austria is the most corporatist nation so far , but norway and sweden are also very like this . 
  caberet is austrian volkssport , we even import germans for it . 
  austrian comedy on the other hand ... 
  one of us , one of us !, 
  yes , heimweh means homesick . 
  i hope the guy lived long enough to see that . 
  we also have big hydroponic dams in the mountains but we do n't exclussivly consist of those . 
  also what has agraculture to do with that ? 
  i know bio energy but still . 
  not as cheap as everything you guys had to sell . 
  people still buy ma\u00df in bavaria and they think in metric . 
  no one expects for you to think in metric , but a population which understands what scientists say is important . 
  if you population is illiterate to science , that really bad . 
  we never stopped , corporatist friend . 
  hey , you guys got the world 's fastest internet , which i do n't understand !, 
  good , you ex viking . 
  reagan put the usa on today 's track . 
  you know all the lobbying the tax exempts for the rich and all the stuff your major population supports , which is like lining up for the guitine for fun . 
  austria : 83,871 km2 norway : 385,178 km2 norway is about 4,6 times larger than austria . 
  austria : 8,504,850 inhabitants norway : 5,136,700 inhabitants and austria has 1.66 times the population of norway . 
  austria 's population density is also 6.5 times bigger than norway 's . 
  see the problem in your argument ? 
  considering you barely have any population , yes austria is trying , but we ca n't build anymore hydroelectric dams because of the enivroment . 
  netherlands is evolving to burgerman !, 
  why would you want to keep that hybrid ? 
  if the children are excusivly taught metric , imperial will die out in one or two generations . 
  thank your republican saint . 
  he made the conversion stop . 
  i also hate the argument , that the imperial system is better for daily life , not like i grew up with it and do everything in meters and have massive problems . 
  hey , hey , hey , who is broke ? 
  one of the only good things the french ever did . 
  : code de civil, 
  yes of course , let 's all go back to country roads . 
  i , on the other hand , have heard his name was anonymous . 
  yes . 
  during the k&k monarchy the city had more than two million inhabitants , but after ww1 a lot of people went back to their new nations and wien shrunk . 
  now it 's scratching 2 million again . 
  will , let 's not hang onto the chicken alone . 
  what about the hormone treated beef for example ? 
  since the gr\u00fcnderzeit lots of eastern europeans came to wien and assimilated well . 
  all became echte wiener . 
  maybe in wien , but in upper austria i know none . 
  yeah , is n't that strange ? 
  at least our country is n't a better sand dune , silly dane . 
  no , to `` i am from austria '' of course !, 
  but really wien will bloat up again . 
  also if you can cook try to open a restaurant , never had serbian food . 
  i hope global warming gets you , dane !, 
  and i will laugh from the mountains . 
  me too . 
  not even my grandma uses this phrase . 
  even if i try eh does not sound like \u00d6 . 
  you mean infirior \u00d6 , right ? 
  without you there is the glorious swedish dick so why are you mad ? 
  but still , i remember your clashes with denmark and they won sometime . 
  yeah because losing land after an invasion does n't count . 
  i get what you are planing , have a shitty username . 
  i get what you are planing . 
  cause an accident in your plant in sk\u00e4ne and destroy the danes this way . 
  i just want to say : suck it germany !, 
  per capita we win against you !, 
  oh , that too . 
  olives and cheese do n't have to best margin . 
  try federalism today !, 
  it makes all of your country prosperous and does n't depopulate entire countrysides . 
  maybe you guys should spread the population more , not like have a fifth of your population in one metropolis . 
  lower than spain 's but too high for austria . 
  you fool !, 
  you stupid fool !, 
  fuck you , norway !, 
  i hope you you run out of oil money and become what you were supposed to be : a barren wasteland and oslo . 
  why ouch ? 
  be wary !, 
  there is a reason we become fat . 
  you know putin is also ex-kgb .
