  too late for the 500 million dollars . 
  but my biggest problem with bitcoin is , that i do n't see any advantages to normal `` hard '' currency . 
  but we are talking about now . 
  at the moment bitcoin is only useful for illegal buisness . 
  yes , bitcoin is a prove of concept but nothing more . 
  you can say about banks what you want , but they keep your money save . 
  they have to have safeguards against scamming and credit card theft . 
  then there is the issue with a lack of central authority . 
  i know that 's one of the points bitcoin wants to make , but it makes it impossible to predict anything . 
  how should people theoretically do their daily shopping ? 
  bitcoin is highly unstable . 
  people could lose their life savings if invested in bitcoin . 
  not to forget is one of the biggest issues of the system ... 
  the rampant corruption and incompetence . 
  just look at this : http://www.pcworld.com/article/2892892/one-year-later-were-no-closer-to-finding-mtgoxs-missing-millions.html#tk.rss_all http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2015/08/04/national/crime-legal/mt-gox-ran-money-six-months-going-bust/ who can trust these people ? 
  in short : bitcoin is a prove of concept , but a massivly flawed one with you having no guarantee that your savings will still be there the next day and that your money 's worth is n't suddenly halfed . 
  ebay and facebook make no sense . 
  paypal is a good comparison , but bitcoin just lacks one basic feature : security . 
  with banks and paypal ( i presume ) you have to option of reverting transactions if a good you have paid for did n't come or you were scammed otherwise . 
  also you can revert buy someone made without your consent . 
  this is n't possible with bitcoin . 
  there is a huge difference between smartphones and bitcoins . 
  this is madness , madness i tell you !, 
  [ die zukunft ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ymzf_9lbry ), 
  it was started by serbia . 
  but they are good floor mats . 
  but that 's already history . 
  syriza fucked up hard and we ca n't change the mistakes of the past . 
  we could debate this for hours and it would n't change anything . 
  we ca n't change what is past because we do n't have a time machine . 
  and until one is invented it wo n't matter . 
  but you can debate the past to look what mistakes have been made . 
  while austria does not produce a lot of cars , we produce a hell of a lot of parts for all the others around us . 
  but like any historian is gon na tell you , ifs do n't matter . 
  and then the finns attacked ... 
  really , you think that 's not long ? 
  that 's about one generation . 
  it states on the wikipedia pages that austrian one is nearly 50 years older . 
  also our origin story is way better . 
  do n't say that . 
  is n't he the oberbefehlshaber of the bundeswehr ? 
  pff , how dare you to say that we stole your flag . 
  when our flag was created you people still lived in tribes . 
  no , they would just steal it . 
  * slow clap *, 
  oh , it 's definitly easier . 
  it also means that all parties have to build consensus in themselves so fringe positions are n't as common . 
  they also have a lot of priviliges like the \u00d6gb is the only one allowed to do collective bargaining and generally everything is concentrated in the different chambers and few associations . 
  the current problem is that most lobbying is on the eu level and not on the national level so the social partnership has lost leverage . 
  flexibility , in what way do you mean ? 
  [ here ] ( http://www.sozialpartner.at/sozialpartner/sozialpartnerschaft_mission_en.pdf ) is there general mission and how it works . 
  in practice every fall the social partners of the \u00d6gb ( austrian union federation ) wk\u00d6 ( austrian economic chamber ) and the goverment bargain about the wage increases in every sector of industry . 
  first are always the metal workers and how their round goes ( good or bad ) this will shape the rest of negotiations . 
  austria does n't have one too , but almost all workers are included in collective bargaining anyways . 
  you seem to like old austro-hungarian marches . 
  austria is also helping with hungary 's border control as it helps us as we wo n't have to deal with as many `` refugees '' . 
  why do you care , ami ? 
  that 's dutch of you . 
  i am not sure , but you maybe misread it as it 's 8-9 % of the income tax not the income . 
  of course 1.0 % growth of one of the biggest economies in the world equals 1.0 % of one of the poorest nations on earth . 
  der see is used for lakes and due see is used for the sea . 
  you know the guy from the `` god of war '' games in which he constantly kills all greek mythology . 
  no , just brothers . 
  so . . germany , want to found a common currency ? 
  then kratos ? 
  what about odysseus ? 
  thanks for thinking of us too . 
  sometimes i find it better to chat and talk with people on / r/thesubthatshallnotbenamed then / r/europe . 
  also a bit late , is n't it ? 
  not north german ? 
  gaaaaaaary . 
  gary . 
  gaaaaaary . 
  why all the glasses ? 
  are they all short sighted ? 
  wos host gsogt ? 
  funniest video i have seen all day . 
  so germany mismanaged the greek budget and economy for decades ? 
  no , why would we ? 
  it were the sowjets . 
  during the uprising about 200.000 people fled to austria and the austrian military was also sent to the border to stop any sowjets trying to force people back . 
  over 70.000 went over a bridge in andau , which was then detonated to stop any more refugees from crossing over . 
  about 70.000 people then stayed in austria with the rest leaving for other countries . 
  but they have to do it antique greek style . 
  hemlock would be an option . 
  while nero is indeed wrong greece got burned slowly through incompetence and corruption . 
  like every good movie they do n't rely on deus ex machina . 
  we could just ship all the refugees to greece and let greece burn . 
  italy was fucking useless . 
  i am still asking myself , what basis of negotiation does he think he has ? 
  greece is at the end of it 's means and has no leverage . 
  why am i suddenly thinking of nero playing harp as rome burns to the ground ? 
  maybe the solution is just to make them a german colony ? 
  their pops would have a lot of militancy so suppressing dissent would n't be a bad option . 
  north korea is famous for their super dollars , which are ny impossible to spot for a common person . 
  yeah , both insult each other . 
   two wrongs , one right ? 
  no , but if you were constantly insulted , you insult back too . 
  i like his humour . 
  so you ca n't just photograph everything public in other countries like in austria ?
