  and back then they barely had a social net !, 
  also it 's ironic how the us this time too has caused a crash and got away with it like in the 30s . 
  they still have n't put up guidlines for these bankers and it will happen again in less than 10 years . 
  \u00dcbasetz is ned allaubt !, 
  wos ? 
  what about product placement alias idiocracy ? 
  please name it putinland , pleeeeeeaaaaaasssseeeee !, 
  sure , because nothing in a natural product can differ from the description . 
  we have n't got a lenin statue , but we got the karl marx hof in vienna . 
  we always win in the food catagory . 
  thinking in the long run , right ? 
  you guys were n't so innocent either way . 
  the number of forced sterilisation of gypsies and other minorities was the second highest after nazi germany . 
  they stole palatschinken like kipferl , those thives !, 
  what is this black something ? 
  which stopped in the 17 . hundert . 
  no , it 's a joke about 300s casting . 
  just watch cinema sins or screen junkies . 
  i think you did n't understand the conversation . 
  after the dissolution of the habsburger empire the serbians and slovenians occupied carinthia and parts of styria . 
  the population then took up arms and forced a referendum in which austria won . 
  get your history straight !, 
  yes . 
  we drove those filthy serbs out !, 
  nah , nah , do n't get cocky . 
   marburger blutsonntag have n't heard of it till now . 
  we defended ourselfs once , we can do it twice . 
  what about better work of the parties ? 
  i do n't want the fp\u00d6 rising to power again . 
  they let our debt explode . 
  steiermark and klagenfurt was never yours . 
   but you guys come back anytime :d, 
  russia is still coming . 
  do n't you know , they were from the scottish part of greece . 
  you polish just have chosen the wrong land to settle . 
  russia would seize to exist , but the goverment and much of the country would be destroyed . 
  good , little denmark , know your place . 
  good joke my friend , good joke . 
  you forgot glorious austria !, 
  in germany and austria a lot of food is already given to charity , because it 's cheaper for them than throwing it away . 
  in russia , game plays you !, 
  ok , i am open for new opinions , so please explain yourself in a reasonable fashion like a true brit . 
  i am not really sure if you are serious or trying to be funny . 
  anyways you make it sound like austria should be a shithole like middle england . 
  sorry , but could n't you afford an \u00f6 for sch\u00f6nnbrunn ? 
  why , are so many russians playing ? 
  i thought a person should be allowed to do anything they want as long as it does n't hurt another person . 
  ( religious believes do n't count ) what does it bother you when a person pays another person and they then go have sex ? 
  when prostitution is regulated they have to have weekly blood tests on all sexual transmittable diseases , are protected by the law and do n't have to fear pimps and pay their taxes like any other person . 
  so we should ban it , which still does not stop trafficking ? 
  why should the honest women which make their living this way be punished ? 
  too bad they do n't have the ukraine anymore to carry all food to russia and cause an artificial famine . 
  did n't you know most girls in brothels are eastern european ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  anyways , we the german countries are ones of the few enlightened countries in which prostitution is legal and regulated . 
  it will happen !!, 
  there is a heavy difference between the city and the rest of the country . 
  the people in the city mostly vote socialist and green with the parts of the city with a lot of foreigners vote right . 
  but in general the people in the inner city are younger and modern . 
  generally people in the city and younger shave . 
  you sound a little bit funny , but kinda adorable . 
  why are you glad ? 
  i mean a dutch speaking german . 
  man , i love dutch accents . 
  to be honest i do n't care about sports . 
  the city got a plan where you are allowed to build higher buildings . 
  none of the landmarks views are allowed to be obstructed . 
  one earthquake will change that . 
  have you ever seen what vienna does planning for the view of the city . 
  in the 1930 most thing were planned out , including waterlines from the alps to get fresh drinking water . 
  austria , still larger than most others . 
  as long as they have wodka . 
  that may be true , but there are talks about the debt , spending integration policy and so on . 
  nobody can be completly unbiased and we got a very good news source in austria . 
  did someone say the [ daily mail ] ( http://www.qwghlm.co.uk/toys/dailymail/ ) ? 
  the orf is very independent , because it 's financed by a tax of tvs . 
  there are 3 channels . 
  orf1 for countrywide news , series , big movies and bigger sport . 
  orf2 is more regional and has different programming in each bundesland . 
  it 's more for the elderly type and there is also a news show for all things related to the bundesland . 
  orf3 is about smaller sport , which have less traction like football or skiing . 
  never during a movie or series there is any commercials , just inbetween the movies . 
  my father does n't watch any other channels , because he is fed up with advertising . 
  there are also stat funded radio stations like \u00d63 , for the younger and it play the latest pop songs ( with about an delay of 1-2 weeks ) , and \u00d61 , which is regional and for the older audiance and plays a lot of alpenmusik . 
  your houses suck against austria 's , buddy !, 
  2 % is too few . 
  even in the us , with one of the most industrialised agraculture , the number is about 5 % . 
  sorry , we ca n't eat your dairy products , we got enough ourselfs , from alp milk . 
  but is n't the eu for countries to band together to gain leverage in the world market ? 
  your sentence does n't make any sense . 
  why would to need to make a free trade agreement with another country inside the eu , the eu is already a freetrade zone !, 
  i never said it 's you fault for being in this situation and i never said anything against romanians . 
  i did n't know reddit is a party . 
  that may be true , like the big mansions in 3rd world countries , i have no dought there are beautiful homes and neighbourhoods , but in general romania economically is weak . 
  it 's only the truth . 
  it would be like westgermany unites with eastgermany , only you both are poor and one is even poorer . 
  good . 
  want to reunite with moldova ? 
  considering what lies they are spreading ... 
  never doughted it .
