   also : everyone who thinks poor greeks deserve these drakonic measures which force them into starvation , unemployment , lack of basic medical treatment and other basic needs is a fucking egoistic and heartless dipshit who rather cares about an economical fetish than about actual human fates . 
  well , it is literally our money that they wasted and most people do n't take kindly to that . 
  most people i know have zero sympathy for a nation of tax dodgers and corrupt politicians , which even now tries its hardest to not reform . 
  also all of the governments the greeks had during which the cooking happened were democratic so they do n't even have that excuse . 
  excuse me , do you know what cooking the books means ? 
  the greeks falsified their balance and how should any bank know this ? 
  the us after ww1 said that the country should be organised by nationalities , but because the italy was a winner they kept south tyrol and tried to forcefully assimilate them . 
  after ww2 it was obivious that south tyrol should have been given back to austria as the majority saw themselves as austrian and have a vote . 
  but the allies did n't do that as they needed the italians for nato . 
  they still tried to forcefully assimilate them , so what other choice did they have ? 
  without the resistance there would have never been negotiations for autonomy . 
  no , but at the time of the terrorist attacks the minority was oppressed . 
  now they at least have autonomy . 
  considering you unlawfully got the land ... 
  strange that austria does n't show up . 
  we also have an opt-out system . 
  strange , should n't slovakia be extremly unequal ? 
  bratislava is leagues ahead of the rest of the country . 
  the election was basically hofer or not-hofer . 
  had anybody else run against vdb he would have lost . 
   alt-right the fp\u00d6 does n't even call themselves alt-right . 
  we have identit\u00e4re , which are goddamn annoying . 
  van der bellen ran as an independent , altough he still has close ties with the party . 
  him running as a green candidate would have knocked himself out during the first round . 
  the greens are often belittled by non-green voters as they often focus on unimportant issues and are generally seen as party for the wealthy and cosmopolitian part of the populus . 
  tons of politicians appeal to common sense . 
  did n't the stay campaign appeal to common sense too ? 
  austria 's politics and views are similar to other former ah countries as we were one country for several hundred years . 
  austrian roads are made from the tears of german tourists who try to tresspass through our land and also eastern european logistics firms . 
  weapons and other dangerous goods ( e.g. 
  uranium enriching equipment , certain chemicals ) have to be approved by the according ministries . 
   expat how i hate that word . 
  it implies you are something better than a work migrant or gastarbeiter . 
  the advantage anglos have is that they do n't dress that differently and often fairly affluent , or at least look like that . 
  as long as you do n't interact with them directly you would n't know if it was an anglo . 
  no , because they live separately from the german speakers . 
  they have their own shops , bars and other venues to not having to learn german . 
  they live in their own parallelgesellschaft . 
  anglos are crap at integrating . 
  the piefke flock to our universities . 
  ever heard of glock , just to name one ? 
  no party likes turkey . 
  no significant share of the populus likes turkey , exept the turks and they are are n't well liked either . 
  we have n't forgotten the beef we had after the coup and everybody is already weary of erdogan 's calls for the turks to capsule themselves off and not integrate . 
  erdogan is the ideal enemy everyone can get behind . 
  basically we are saying erdogan can go fuck himself . 
  gay rights are only an aspect of it . 
  what we are talking about is values and these values the kreml does n't want in it 's country . 
   in other words it 's the gays ' fault and trump will save us from nuclear war . 
  stellar analysis . 
  i am not sure if you are sarcastic or not . 
  germany is the biggest country in the eu , in population , size of theor economy and political power . 
  the other majors are too weak to offer any counter balance . 
  gb wants to leave , italy has no strong politica\u00f6 leadership , and france 's political manouverability seems questionable if macron 's approval stays this way for an extended time . 
  the same happens when a country joins a free trade zone . 
  some workers benefit and others do n't . 
  if you store them in the fridge they last longer , regardless if they were washed or not . 
  ahh , sure . 
  so what is interesting about the guy ? 
  what does the father of chemical weaponry habe to do with a guy who makes podcasts ? 
  who is joe rogan ? 
  some conspiracy nut ? 
  so they wo n't take bribes ? 
  those are the posts / r/all will upvote if they get enough traction . 
  do n't get cocky lower styria !, 
  is it just known to the state or can everyone look it up ? 
  as far as i know you are registered , but not everyone can look you up . 
  the fear was that we would cause ww3 after taking over germany . 
  at the same time i think the lega nord was in the government of italy , which interested no one . 
  very sparsley populated at the time . 
  we are the boo-brothers . 
  we 'd also need to find some heathen holy sites to burn down . 
  his name was karl !, 
  estonia 's `` tourism '' exports are probably 90 % alcohol bought by finns . 
  muscovite was a synonyme for russian at the time . 
  their tea addiction was at fault . 
  not enough silver in the world to trade for tea . 
  yeah , have you seen the project ideas , bordering lunacy , which were cooked up by people in the 20th century ? 
  because they could . 
  no , abolishing zoning regulations which exist for a reason is bad and counter productive . 
  it should be done like in vienna , where the city owns a lot of flats and thus lowers the rents in the city . 
   ( besides austria where there is no data ) well , we produce no nuclear power . 
  so the best we could do is to estimate the nulcear power we import . 
  a republic does n't have to mean it 's a democracy . 
  as long as it is n't a monarchy it 's a republic . 
  in iran the theocratic government implemented measures to control population growth because they realised their economic growth would not suffice . 
  it was n't because of the revolution . 
  how else are children supposed to learn about the dangers of the world ? 
  we also have krampus with which we take `` zuckerbrot und peitsche '' to a literal degree . 
   they have to have an emergency mechanism for this kidn of event . 
  i have n't heard of any kind of emergency mechanism against a hull breach yet . 
  i do n't think they have even conceived such a thing yet . 
  does an explosion in a train or bus kill everyone traveling on the same train line/highway ? 
  hiding behind walls was the standard tactic during the magyar raids during the early middle ages , because they did n't bother building siege equipment , but just rampaged through the countryside and then left . 
  maybe they are so nice and use the ber construction site as a bombing target . 
  how is the motherfucking congo higher in the `` right to education '' than austria and most of europe ? 
  it 's a castrum , a roman military camp with a permanent garrison . 
  those were built all over conquered territories and often developed into cities.the military paid to have it errected and it got paid by the taxes of the imperium . 
   i admit it was better , but it was still awful !!, 
  you are just mad that we freed the ukrainian serfs !,
