  we do n't need no nuke let the motherfucker drown in waste . 
  the german shwyzer are better . 
  at least they do n't use three languages for their education . 
  nobody counts the people of luxemburg . 
  they ca n't decide what they are . 
  german , french or dutch . 
  in both austria and germany you wo n't get arrested for smoking weed . 
  that happens in america . 
  you will drown my friend , drown . 
  the thing is , they mostly have the anglo-saxon values . 
  also the state of california was mexican and will be mexican in the future . 
  bringing all those latinos over the border is a sneaky plan from the goverment . 
  soon new mexico will join old mexico . 
  mostly the swedish , but you guys are n't any better at skiing . 
  200m the highest point ? 
  lmfao i live at 360meter . 
  nothing like a good old orgy , am i right ? 
  sjw in rl ? 
  / r/tumblrinaction, 
  there was once a funny article on a travel expirience site , in which the owner stated the most visited page was the of brothels and prostitution in vienna . 
  i have n't kept up to date , but hav n't they got 60 % in the federal election ? 
  as does albania . 
  your guys always get awfully drunk , when coming to austria . 
  we hate them the most after the dutch and germans . 
  stop raising alcohol prices , shitheads !, 
  and let a woman prostitute herself and send her to regular check ups !, 
  we have that too . 
  most people let their children get baptised even tough most are not religious and often one or both left church . 
  it 's like us-americans calling themselves anerican and not anglosaxon . 
  and i am austrian , but still german culture . 
  but most of it . 
  austria , germany and switzelrand are german speaking countries . 
  yes they do try and will succeed . 
  those are remains of atat\u00fcrk , which did most of the reforms . 
  all german countries have legalized it , we literally fuck europe . 
  no , they are religious right . 
  german power !, 
  no , it 's like calling a scot a brit . 
  who the hell cares ? 
  what has he to do with this ? 
  in your first comment there was a slip . 
  the are lots of important people from the austrian schools of psychology , but i am pretty sure you are talking about the guy which started it all and reddit like to harp about . 
  lots of austrian scientists in medicine and biology , like mendel and a lot of others . 
  if you visit linz only once , it could seem like this . 
  i once looked at an science book in the uk and my cousin told me that a lot of austrian scientists suddenly were german !, 
  you are no true ~ ~ scotsman ~ ~ austrian !, 
  :p we like ranting . 
  he is there , but like sealand he is too small to be seen . 
  what , it 's just a portugiesische galeere . 
  he will shag your queen and maim a child . 
  we austrians just have the gift of breeding men which become political leaders in countries they emigrate to . 
  how about vienna ? 
  we already have a long history with being the capital of a federation of people which partly like and hate each other and which could break apart . 
  if you mean by `` sophisticated '' absolutly atrocious , you are right . 
  we too ... 
  austrian gulasch also is better than yours . 
  with tourists most mean non m\u00fcnchners . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/2i021h/oktoberfest/ ) explains it well enough . 
  there is open psychiatry and closed psychiatry . 
  in austria you can be forced into closed if you have the following 3 things : you are mentally sick . 
  you are a danger for your self or others . 
  outside the institute ( hospital ) the treatment possible . 
  it has to be approved by a judge and the patient can appeal . 
  hey , i do n't know if he has mental problems but i 'd take a prison sentence over mental hospital any time . 
  at least you know when you are gon na be released . 
  psychiatric hospital is worse than prison , at least in austria . 
  you basically have no guarantee that you even will get out of it and if it takes 20 or more years , they do n't release them easily . 
   plenty of farmers would remain , because as some of the farmers quit the prices will go up again and make the job profitable for the others . 
  do you really think it 's that easy ? 
  you do n't just become farmer overnight and there are huge costs involved in becoming one . 
  most farmers today are taking over from their parents and not starting fresh as one . 
  also land , which has n't been tended to will quickly become forest and be unsuitable for agriculture as you basically have to cut down the forest , remove the stumps and remove the roots , and while it might not take as long as in the past it will cost a lot to do . 
   moreover , there are many other types of business that are necessary for present-day society to be possible , such as power companies and isps . 
  these are doing fine on the market . 
  why would farmers be different ? 
  there is a big difference between huge corporations and what often amounts to family companies tending their land . 
  farmers are what make our society possible . 
  without them we are doomed . 
  now we just have to hope that the nazgul do n't show up . 
  nah , those are n't allowed in germany . 
  there is no such thing as a wwz movie . 
  you are talking out of your ass !, 
  the serbs started the war by assasinating the crown prince . 
  the british and french ended the ottoman empire . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  take that back !, 
  also in austria cabarette is very popular . 
  but not as a main sub . 
  just that sounds incredibly boring for the main sub of europe . 
  my question is the following : what do you want to see on the sub ? 
  so you are saying that the sub should have stayed shallow and not in any way political . 
  the crisis currently is the most controversial issue in europe , even bigger than greece and you did think this would leave not traces ? 
  also delisting and banning all newsposts is the worst idea possible , what should people come here for , some random facts and some discussions about some word origins ? 
  it would be better to introduce a filter for news or the crisis . 
  i am curious : how do you make sure that the anti corruption agency is n't corrupt ? 
  well , if it is `` unofficial '' then go on , but for me it seems pretty official . 
  are we splitting hairs today ? 
  you are pulling a strawman . 
  nobody in this thread says that . 
  i am not sure what you are getting at .
