  we already went through something like that , we ended up as a fascist dictatorship . 
  honestly i do n't care . 
  ah , the greek love event , fucking up your nordic sons since it 's institution . 
  it was an idea of haider , which is one big pile of dung , if i have ever seen one . 
  he basically guaranteed the bank , which is why they are in such trouble . 
  he then will shag that one too . 
  the tree will go round and round . 
  there is a good doku about vallenstein . 
  that 's because you are only two nations . 
  czechoslovakia failed because of the previous economic ties and the power grab of the czech side . 
  if let 's say czechia , slovakia , hungary , slovenia , croatia and austria formed a union it would be a lot harder for one party to forced their will onto the others . 
  in xenophobia we unite !, 
  him having dutch roots makes sense as peter the great invited a lot of dutch ship wrights to build a russian navy . 
   lybia libya , it 's called libya . 
  you see pawlo , to save the forest we have to destroy the forest . 
  we could probably increase that number if we wanted to . 
  a few new storage dams should n't be a problem . 
  everytime you needed the whole world to bring germany down , so if the eu helps it should n't be a problem . 
  exept if you had to make your case , in that case you have 30 days . 
  resistance is futile . 
  you will be befriended and integrated in the ~ ~ blorg commonality ~ ~ eu . 
   so where 's all the people that said the turkish deal is n't a solution ? 
  the deal has nothing to do with it . 
  the austrian coalition has to do with it . 
  funny how the movie seems to be mostly in german . 
  no , this is reddit !, 
  we only read the headlines and then make assumptions based on that headline . 
  yeah , now i just need a billion euros !, 
   so technically we should n't be on the map , since the courts ' opinion can change overnight . 
  technically courts could go against the precidents set by the judges before them as the netherlands does not have a pecident system like the us , but it has a quasi precident system , which means if the judge goes against the the usual punishment it will likely be overturned by the next tier , which is bas for the judges career . 
  gut , alles nach plan ... , 
  so ... wan na join forces together and build the fifth block of the eu ? 
  sorry , that we did n't engineer the system for the case we were to be dissmantled after a world war . 
  strange considering attila settled 500 years before the hungarians and belonged to a totally different tribe . 
  are you saying that erdogan has developed clone technology ? 
  but do n't forget about that part :  blood of patriots, 
   minister of culture that praised a muslim nazi , interesting ...  a minister that copied his master 's thesis , happened before in germany and austria ...  one that was forced to resign because of a public backlash because he entered a different address to get more travel expenses , had physical confrontations with 2 bus drivers , threatened to execute another one , and he 's in a legal dispute with a single mother with a disabled child to which he brought in witnesses to give false testimonies . 
  now that 's something !, 
  ours are way less awful than yours . 
  supposidly their politicians are not only as incompetent as ours , but are also a bit nuts . 
  you mean the executive , who does n't even speak croatian ? 
  so you want your politicians to rule and not ours ? 
  think about that . 
   we should empire again ftfy, 
  well fuck you too economist !, 
  playing rocket league before it was cool . 
  fyrom = mazedonien macedonia = makedonien, 
  even the is does n't hold the unpopulated parts . 
  syria is a vast desert country . 
  the size matters less than the quality of the land . 
  the goverment does n't take the empty desert but the poplated land . 
  you can basically play by yourself . 
  you know , the austrian education system and corporatism are exported to serbia from what i could read out of the interview . 
  exporting austrian values . 
  what the us can do , we can do too . 
  you are right . 
  only 99 % of all economics agree . 
   ( how come he said ` so fucking what ' in english ? ), 
  when we mock the english or americans we often insert english sentence parts . 
  everyone would like britain to stay , but they can fuck off if they want any more special treatment . 
   dude , check my flair , i now pretty well what means nationality since i 'm in part serbian , croatian and german . 
  i ca n't check your flair on mobile . 
  look , the thing is , i already told you my arguments . 
  south tyrol feels that it 's austrian and it also was for about 1000 years . 
  what 's so difficult to understand ? 
  italy wo n't disintegrate if south tyrol leaves exept if the lega nord wins a seccession referendum , which it wo n't . 
  there is nothing else to talk about . 
  what are you blabbering on about ? 
  it 's pointless to discuss this with you . 
  you neither have an idea what austrians/south tyrolians think about this topic nor an idea what 's nationality . 
  why would the other regions leave if south tyrol joins austria again ? 
  one is majority a foreign nationality and the others are italian . 
  you know , you are talking to an austrian and i have never heard of these sentiments you are talking about . 
  i guess you are just a shitty troll . 
  what ? 
  nobody would not want south tyrol to join austria . 
  south tyrol rules !, 
  hey , we even joined with them the eu . 
  have you ever read the comics ? 
  who said we 'd stop with you two ? 
  slovenia , hungary , croatia , maybe even bosnia . 
  we are similiar enough . 
  we could also use the old parliament in vienna , you know the imperial one . 
  it currently does n't really have any use . 
  [ inside the old parliament ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/55/reichsrat_vienna_okt_2007.jpg ), 
  habsburg empire 2.0 ? 
  * wink * * wink * * nudge * * nudge * * does n't have to include habsburg, 
  that comment was n't about the fence , but about their practice to put them into trains saying that they will be brought to germany while bringing them to a detention center . 
  where did you live ? 
  vienna is anything but expensive . 
  it 's bad , but it 's nothing compared to [ this ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/flagge_liberias#/media/file:flag_of_lofa_county.svg ) or [ this ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/flagge_liberias#/media/file:flag_of_river_gee_county.svg ) . 
  that 's bad , but not liberia level bad . 
  step up your game , dammit !, 
   unsurprisingly the minister of the defense immediately asked for more money . 
  xd too be fair , the military has been gutted for a decade and the crises has already put the ressources under huge strain . 
  if there was a flood currently there would n't be enough ressources to manage it properly . 
  the continued use has used up a lot of the already limited budget so the minister of course wants some more money . 
  so what ? 
  bicycle literally means two wheels . 
  we just like to call things by its name .
