  all of fox news would be dead , hahaha . 
  the ardennes the only obstacle of the german army in the west . 
  your ranking is also not too good . 
  only having 3-4 media conglomerats , various court decisions against journasists and so on does n't help . 
  this somehow reminds me of tropico with it 's `` museum '' of `` modern '' `` arts '' . 
  this is `` russia 's '' `` consumer '' `` protection '' . 
  and not just because it was wallonia ? 
  the kleine zeitung and several others report , that the muslim brothers have graz in their eyesight . 
  eu4 : fish , fish everywhere . 
  as far as i know they are now banned abd had to flee the countrry . 
  your `` union '' was serbian domination . 
  he was our next try in world domination with the uno city built too . 
  nah he is thinking of his boyfriend . 
  but really i consider myself a socialist and i hate populists , but i compared our fp\u00d6 to all other big nationlist parties in euope and i have to say ours are the most moderate . 
  the never think about abandoning the euro or gasp even leave the eu . 
  they like to complain about the immigrants , but do n't know an answer themselves . 
  ukip and front national are more of a threat , but the little \u00d6sterreich can of course do so much more harm . 
  we even got sanctions during the \u00d6vp / fp\u00d6 coalition , because it 's easy to bully a little country . 
  we have to go smaller !, 
  after they were banned there was talk about them fleeing to austria having their exile hq in graz . 
  too bad most of the wine yards were destroyed . 
  nobody will ever attack austria , we have gotten too unimportant , we also now have the hq of the muslim brothers in graz and what else . 
  i would like to see that , but most likely the mossad will sneak in every important leader house an slit their throat . 
  i think most are just frustrated and try to vent of and the conflict is the ideal cover up . 
  nah the successor of austria-hungary . 
  if the assasination did n't happen maybe the federation would have happened . 
  that may be true in the us . 
  in austria you have dental healthcare and your conditions will be treated regardless of your income . 
  most exploits which work in the us are very much banned here and evenif it 's a very minor thing . 
  again we have mandatory health insurance and the poor have to pay very little . 
  we also have a good public transport system and car insurance is mandatory . 
  a poor guy earning twice the amount of a middle class guy means he is n't poor anymore . 
  progressive taxation helps the poor because they have to pay less taxes and have more to live . 
  but let 's say he has 3-4 children which he has to feed . 
  couples get money to raise their children , bevause it 's absolutly known , that children make you poorer . 
  ps where do you live , please ? 
  please tell me what they can and what the other wo n't ? 
  interestingly about 80 % of austrians are for a wealth tax . 
  you know tax on income makes a bulk of the income of most nations . 
  the tax should n't penalise income , but you need to redistribute wealth . 
  but nobody has a basic income . 
  your accents are hillarious to be honest . 
  the scottish , the manliest of all women . 
  flat tax is such a stupid idea . 
  it only helps the rich and fucks the poor in the ass . 
  man , russians have impossible to meet standards . 
  you are our favourite germanised slavs . 
   also should n't you guys have changed your flag as required by the treaty ? 
  fuck budweiser light !, 
  it will never be ok , apart for kids of course !, 
  we can always meisure punk !, 
  breaking news : german refugees are flooding america , again . 
  i misread margrete tatcher at first . 
  so better fuel up at omv !, 
  i do n't want to be insensitive , but plague inc anyone ? 
  worry about gro\u00df ungarn under orban . 
  we enjoy very good relations to russia and the south stream aggrement is good for austria . 
  a lot of russian celebrities are also coming to austria to live here , plus the russians fleeing persecution are adding up . 
  they were the most , who requested asylum . 
  welcome to the club , even tough the omv controls their fuel . 
  do n't worry you guys are always rum\u00e4nen to us , why are n't we on your poll , we control your fuel essentially . 
  alles most !, 
  suck it germany !, 
  english + food does not compute ... 
  come on , not even the krone and \u00d6sterreich would print such bs . 
  yes , future latin american country . 
  did you know mexico is reclaiming more and more of the land and then will set up a referendum . 
  i still have n't got why they did n't use kinder ? 
  nobody will trust greece anymore , not in this lifetime . 
  it 's always interesting , how austria and germany are very similar in most polls . 
  have you ever watched idiocracy ? 
  i hope they wo n't forge the numbers like greece . 
  so , how did life and prices change ? 
  99 % of the time no one waters their grass and what you mean is sustainable not renewable , because rain filters through the soil into the ground water . 
  sure there are fossile water sources , mainly in the sahara , which wo n't replenish any time soon , but most european countries use renewable sources . 
  water is renewable and the usage in austria and germany dropped so much that the sewage pipes are getting underused , resulting in debris and waste getting stuck in pipes . 
  brace yourselve , anschluss is coming !, 
  socialism fuck yeah ! ... i mean goddamn commies . 
  i austria we partially have hard water . 
  you have to admit like a lot of big corporations , they do scummy stuff . 
  never trust anyone saying , `` it will be cheaper after the privatisation . '', 
  i depends where you are . 
  the water in vienna comes from the mountains from a spring . 
  i like our mountain water more . 
  it would be interesting how much the bnp would differ from the bip . 
  it 's mostly because of their banking sector . 
  yeah i have heard theirs is bad by our standards . 
  do n't let merkel hear you . 
  considering austria 's budget is now close to 1 % ... 
  yeah , i think we educated them too much on how to be german . 
  says the dutchman ... 
  i think it 's funny how i can read most of the stuff just by knowing english and german . 
  but man is your speech impossible to understand . 
  ukraine has 43,5 million people and russia has 143,5 million , so it really comes down to how much they each actually produce . 
  great romania will rise again !, 
  why should n't they renounce neutrality ? 
  they just got their fruit embargode !, 
  so what happened to his son 's and everyone else 's buisness ? 
  also as far i know the ukraine was the `` kornkammer '' of the ussr . 
  also do n't you guys have lots of minerals beside uranium ?
