  what about venison ? 
  hunting season is coming . 
  hunting season is coming !, 
  most gasth\u00e4user ( traditional restaurants ) have special offers this times of the year . 
  also pumpkins , most and mushrooms . 
  pumpkin soup with styrian pumpkin oil is so good . 
  your medical system is horseshit . 
  also you know that of the forbes top 300 over half of them got their money exclusivly from inherating . 
  see the walmart heirs which make stupid decision after stupid decision and get away . 
  the mentality has to change , times are over or better were never there in which you could get to be a millionar . 
  and guns wo n't help you against tanks . 
  i still am on the search for americas big goverment beside the military and law enforcement . 
  it 's the philosophy most libertarians follow . 
  it 's the crux of democracy , people want to get reelected . 
  i have a question : is austrian economics really this popular in the us ? 
  i for one am a supporter of keyne 's spending philosophy and politicians too , but only of the spending part and not the repaying your debt part . 
  i am not sure if you meant it in a sarcastic way or in a serious one . 
  i think that 's what americans call a safety net . 
  big goverment is a catchphrase for conservativs to bring fear into the hearts of libertarians and the religious right . 
  it 's a big bubble they live in . 
  i meant the ton price is a lot higher than that of steel . 
  but aluminium is more expensive than iron . 
  you got to bs me , that 's made up surely ? 
  the guardian has no selfbias ever . 
  i laughed the whole way through . 
  :d do you want to join the south german federation ? 
  here something to calm you : [ present ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pykg8af.gif ), 
  just keep telling yourself that , it will also work for the austrian empire , i promise . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  we have lower unemployment than germany . 
  so why does no young want to stay in hungary ? 
  ^ ^ you ^ ^ could ^ ^ of ^ ^ course ^ ^ join ^ ^ us ^ ^ again, 
  you know i play a lot of ck2 and eu4 , but this never crossed my mind . 
  suck it germans !, 
  austria beats you everytime . 
  man , those console commands are getting more and more demanding . 
  how often did they have to do motherlode ? 
  you guys got bunkers and weed , is n't that something ? 
  is n't he the chocolate manufacturer ? 
  fashist regimes ( i am exergating a bit ) always need an enemy to have the `` us vs them '' mentality . 
  if the enemy seizes to exist the regime will have problems . 
  with the age of 14 some got the burton craze , but our teachers said a piece of cloth should be assasted by the quality and if you like it . 
  it died down in the following months and years . 
  in austria ( hello neighbour ) we also still have religion in class , but honestly nobody really believes it anymore and our teacher , the pastor of wels is a very liberal man , he is for the ethical way , not brong others down . 
  most of the stuff we learn also is learned in ethics . 
  i have heard more and more young academics move to vienna , is this true ? 
  i do n't remember it too well , but was n't this the attack in which they put mines on children and dead people ? 
  wow , surely she loves here hobby . 
  polandball is leaking everywhere . 
  as gta taught me , you can always fly any aircraft with no expirience whatsoever . 
  china is threat , but already has declared war on most of asia . 
  austrian dialect : i lieb di ; i liab ;, 
  tell you what ? 
  i exported coal , oil and ores , improved healthcare and education and dropped the taxes for small buisnesses and also improved the infrasructure . 
  it 's just a game . 
  there are two free play modes . 
  one in which the countries exist as of today and another one called shattered world in which every large nation has been broken up . 
  what kind of cheese is it . 
  hard cheese or soft cheese ? 
  but some have it far easier , like russia . 
  we also hace the problem of tv destroying dialects , but it 's more pronounced in vienna with a lot of immigrants and not on the countryside , where there is still a village culture . 
  wiener schm\u00e4h with their dialect is something unique and always fun to watch and hear . 
  der bockerer is a fun comedy about an butcher in vienna during the world war . 
  he does n't like the germans and their dialect and snobbish altitude . 
  even if you ca n't understand german the movie with subtitles is fun . 
  man , i am good at this game . 
  good , has russia done anything to develope it 's own ressources ? 
  russia has lots of metals and oil and electricity so why not develope them . 
  offtopic : i used to play a game called supreme ruler 2020 and i loved to play central siberia and develope exactly these ressources . 
  i do n't wann a brag , but with no corruption and wise investments you can make russia rich and prosperous . 
  so cyprus is the tyrol of greek ? 
  tyrol is mostly mountains and for hundrets of years they were extremly isolated , so an unique dialect has formed making understanding them a chore . 
  it 's the russian way . 
  punish your own kind to reflect strengh . 
  `` i do n't care about deaths ! '', 
  probably just a dialect . 
  oh god i am crying !, 
  someone must have pranked this guy/girl . 
  that 's so funny . 
  only 140 % !, 
  into the gulag with you , traitor !, 
  are n't the sanctions for the upper 10000 and not for the common people ? 
  it 's ironic how putin hurts his own people . 
  i do n't even know what this cheese is . 
  austria is nice , we also drink and eat and w\u00f6rk . 
  just speak some german even if it 's broken . 
  half fo your workforce is from another country so for you we take the bnp . 
  wait , i know you !, 
  i ca n't hear you over our high [ gdp/person ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_in_europe_by_gdp_%28nominal%29_per_capita ) !, 
  i feel sorry for that person , he wo n't be seen for some time . 
  in germany and austria the unemployment calculation is different than the of the eu . 
  we have a different pool from which the unemployment rate is calculated . 
  you 'll never beat us !, 
  possibly . 
  i wish you luck , that you can go back home as soon as possible . 
  no genosse , because you are going to come to me . 
  btw where do you live ? 
  i suck at languages , but am interested in geography and culture all the more . 
  had russian two years , but it was too difficult for me . 
  still can read cyrillic tough .
