  nobody talks about them getting their way , but just them being invited to a political discussion . 
  why are n't they allowed to contribute to their democracy ? 
  do you fear them ? 
  tell me , i am interested why they should n't be allowed to participate . 
  i do n't like our rightwing party , the fp\u00d6 too , but as long as they dont break any laws theyshould be able to participate in discussions . 
  you said :  we do n't actually need dairy or meat or eggs and i replied , that while you do n't need these things , it 's really nice to live with them . 
  we could all live of water and bread , but we do n't do this as it 's not desirable . 
  you do n't need a lot of things , but you and every other person wo n't just live on bread and water . 
  the world jewish congress is mad again ? 
  reminds me of kreisky . 
  the pakistani . 
  too bad , you still gave them weapons and ammo . 
  currently both germany and even austria are in a rush of emotions of wanting to help and be a good person , not realising that that does more damage than good . 
  currently discussing anything on this topic in public is not advisable as you could easily be branded as a heartless politician or racist . 
  that practically screams for a [ the sub that shall not be named ] comic . 
  these people obiviously do n't play ck2 . 
  i did n't know illegal migration is a `` free market '' ? 
  we will reunite the former empire with you !, 
  other way around . 
  i read the wikipedia entry on it . 
  i have n't read 1984 , like most other people , but i am pretty sure that it is n't at 1984 levels , not even close . 
  edit : i read the wikipedia article about the book and what survaillence techniques were used . 
  calm down . 
  i am not defending russia , but the us is n't much better . 
  they have n't signed a lot of treaties , which do n't fit them , including that of the international court in den haag . 
  it 's not only russia doing it , but all great powers , just that the us did their violations in the middle east , asia and south america and not ukraine or to other western states . 
  well , the german state itself does n't produce a lot and the only income from trade is the vat and the tarifs , which barely exist anymore . 
  what do you understand under a failed state specifically ? 
  that 's because they gave up all their land in exchange for having their debts cut and recieving a certain amount of money , not so with the other royals . 
  i can be gesellig too , just give me a barrel of beer and i will bring a whole city together , no need to pay for a luxurious life . 
  another video with nazis was similar but not removed . 
  removing links they do n't like is n't moderating but censorship . 
  why !? 
  they do absolutly nothing and only cost the country . 
  to my knowledge there is n't any failed state in the carribian . 
  they do n't want to lose their right to brag about their beer . 
  ( altough we all know that most good breweries were founded by austrians ), 
  get the guillotines !, 
  we 'll end this once and for all . 
  i am currently doing my driving license and even then i only have to obey a limit of 0,01 . 
  `` we do n't dub movies . '', 
  americans, 
  0,00 is a terrible limit . 
  even if you just eat an apple you gon na get over the limit . 
  you just said , `` i body you . '', 
  change the e and i around . 
  i think the next one was that about transgender rights . 
  i could n't bear to sit through it really . 
  it was so damn preachy . 
  the online harassment episode was one of the ones i did n't like . 
  i am still more in favour of legalisation than the stupid thing the nordics are doing . 
  also it these people ( when doing it legal ) pay taxes are controlled regulary to avoid getting stds . 
  well , it has been like legal in the netherlands , germany and austria like forever with nobody trying to ban it . 
  probably because they used the services themselves . 
  it should get better . 
  we had lots of rain here the last days and from the post earlie about hungary i assume they are currently drowning . 
   speaking of foreign policy , we like to share our military bases with other countries . 
  this is why we ca n't completely afford social welfare programs for our citizens in need . 
  http://www.economicshelp.org/blog/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/total-spending-per-capita.png you guys can very well reduce spending without impacting your military as a lot of produced weaponry and vehicles are unnecessary . 
  my family fled to austria after their farm got occupied by a serbian partisan leader after ww1 . 
  during ww2 my great grandfather got captured in stalingrad as a medic and had to work in the mines of the caucasus . 
  after he was too weak to work they let him free and he walked all the way home to austria with no shoes . 
  barely any family did n't expirience some tragedy during the wars so why not crack some jokes about them . 
  shut up or rotterdam is dust !, 
  yeah , what we need to have is a new , fourth power , like some kind of danubian federation . 
  we could try slavic austria . 
  that reminds me of last year : https://www.reddit.com/search?q=germany+brazil, 
  former axis members have to hold together . 
  ;p ok , now i kinda feel dirty . 
  too bad that the baby most likely would be crippled or deranged . 
  then we would be forced to wait until there is a baby and start killing off the rest of one of the family 's . 
  the thing is , the delian league was headed by athens a city state . 
  the eu is n't a city state to dominate all other city state . 
  also you ca n't just upscale from a city state to countries with millions of people . 
  most city states in greece were glorified villages with a town center and a residence for the despot . 
  only few rose to become big like athens or sparta or theben . 
  i do n't think a city state structure could work , because it 's too inefficient . 
  yes , there is luxembourg , but that only works because there are other , bigger countries . 
  science would be impossible to do nowadays with small budgets . 
  most industry needs a level of organisation , which is impossible to do with thousands of city states . 
  why did you delete your comment ? 
  in the end there will only be greek city states . 
  i would suggest filters instead of the balkanisation of the sub . 
  well , currently you do n't even try to let it get discussed , but tucked away in the immigration thread . 
  these get very cluttered and confused . 
  trying to discuss one single article is made unreasonably difficult . 
  also the exposure is very different . 
  while the the pro muslim article was allowed to be paraded on the front page , articles which show that a lot of migrants are n't really integrated and are far more conservative are deleted instantly . 
  this currently is the biggest talking point in the eu right now and you try to make it disappear from conversation or at least try to minimise it . 
  it has become a cliche . 
  already linz 's new medicine university was overrun with germans , speaking piefkeneserisch and their horrible words , like schorle or wiener . 
  no , our largest minority are germans coming here stealing our jobs and university places . 
  does it really have this [ effect ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujorgfvcflu ) on people ? 
  if they are n't bavarian you can hear them from a mile away . 
  austria was a buffer zone for a long time , they 'll get over it . 
  did n't a fled kangaroo cross from bavaria into austria some time ago ? 
  not anymore . 
  you guys could n't even afford a decent red , shame !, 
  because most do n't know in the anglo world . 
  while it might be a nice thing for 3rd world countries most bitcoiners are from the us and other wealthy countries .
