most towns have traditional companies and farmers which often do ab-hof-verkauf ( selling their produce from their farm ) and also often have banded together regionally . 
  10 % of all jobs are in big multinational corpoartions . 
  ( usa 50 % ) a lot of companies specialise as they do n't have a chance against china or india in the low tech . 
  why would anyone attack you ? 
  you do n't have any important rgos and literacy would plumble . 
  yes , it 's insensitive , but very pale in comparison to everything putin ever did . 
  and it 's totally accurate in how much sound you would hear . 
  suck it star wars !, 
  to be fair he was an excellent person in spreading propaganda and i have no dought putin would give him a job today . 
  do n't say that the war 's small judengoldtresor . 
  most people do n't work weekends and even retail workers are only allowed to work so often on weekends . 
  the weekend is sacred for us altough no religiously motivated . 
  we have very strict laws on when shops are allowed to be open . 
  the union argues that those working in retail are also people and deserve time with their families . 
  on saturday shops are also allowed to be open and sunday it 's quite time . 
  we often visited our great grandmother in the m\u00fchlviertel , which is northern of linz . 
  she lived very rustical as she still had an ofen and stove which was powered by wood . 
  she came to upper austria after ww2 when she got deported . 
  that makes me miss her ... 
  do n't say that . 
  we still have a sunday shopping ban in place . 
  it 's not that bad . 
  did someone stop the time ? 
  this looks approximatly like rural austria at 1900 . 
  it 's so strange . 
  and you will be bystanders . 
  i am for spliting luxemburg between france and germany , giving lichtenstein to either austria or switzerland and monaco to france . 
  i skipped some words . 
  i meant the heir of the empire . 
  no hard feelings , best kebab remover . 
  what ? 
  ferdinand wanted to give the balkans equal rights . 
  what do you guys learn in history ? 
  killing the heir was a bad idea . 
  you guys killed the heir of the empire in the first place , caused the ww1 and thus ww2 . 
  not surprising as austria benefited massivly from the fall of the iron curtain ( i know serbia was n't behind it ) and now we are trying to take back what we lost in the last 100 years . 
  maybe you are becoming a echter wiener !, 
  vienna is so strange because of all the germans i am sure . 
  the last time someone tried to bring peace , he was killed . 
  if you manage to convince most of the others , we will form the danubian federation ( das donauland/donauf \u00f6deration ), 
  yeah , how does it feel like being a shit country !, 
  i see what you did there . 
  they were n't that cocky after the ezb lent them money and they were on the verge of bankruptcy . 
  they are as arrogant as norwegians !, 
  you learned from the best . 
  not a bad deal . 
  i could go for sauerkraut und bratw\u00fcrstl . 
  you can think of it as the opposite of black friday . 
  a true czech !, 
  the thing is often you guys do n't even share the same linguistic group . 
  your lack of spelling is disturbing . 
  you guys stopped being a superpower after losing all your colonies , especially india . 
  they already are on the way here ... 
  drindl ? 
  you mean [ dirndl ] ( https://images.otto.de/asset/mmo/formatz/dirndl-krueger-madl-schwarz-rot-7963372.jpg ) ? 
  a wonder you guys did n't break apart . 
  the orf ( state tv ) reports very neutral and the quality papers are more pro eu , but still critisize fuckups . 
  the daily mail style papers like \u00d6sterreich , heute or the most popular paper in the country krone like to rant about the eu and blame anything on her , with varient degrees . 
  getting prepared for the russian invasion , i see . 
  it kinda looks like it 's also constructed as a bunker . 
  what an idiot !, 
  sombody must have shit in his brain !, 
  nah , it 's democratic this time . 
  ok , it a complex subject and i am even writing about it as a work to finish gymnasium . 
  the sozialpartnershaft ( social partnership = sp ) is a corporatist system , which has developed it most european countries to different degrees . 
  most pronounced is corporatism in the nordic countries and austria , with austria being the most corporatist . 
  corporatism is very centralistic as it tries to unify most aspects in economy and social matters ( so to speak everything to do with work ) . 
  the social partnership is not part of the regular state , but most of the institutions have to exist by law . 
  members thus have to pay a small fee from their wage so the institutions can stay independent . 
  there are 4 roof organisations . 
  on the side of the workers there is the austrian union federation ( \u00d6gb ) and the worker 's chambers in the different states . 
  they all have mandatory memberships and you pay about 2 % of their pay to them ( i do n't remember exactly ) . 
  on the economic side there is the economic chamber of austria ( wk\u00d6 ) and the agracultural chamber ( lk ) . 
  there are also a lot of associations for every part of the the economy . 
  membership is voluntarily and a fee is taken from the wages to finance them . 
  they represent the the interests of the economy and bargain with the union over laws and wages . 
  on the worker side there are the worker 's chamber ( ak ) and the trade union ( \u00d6gb ) . 
  they try to lobby for the interests of the workers . 
  the membership of both is mandatory and there is a legal fee going to them . 
  then there is the goverment which also takes part in the political process . 
  now to the different tasks . 
  the different representatives work out different laws behind locked door and give the goverment advice . 
  this is especially helpful if the goverment has no clue what to do and also prevents that suddenly the union goes on strike . 
  if you look at the strike statistic you will find austria has one of the lowest out of all of the world . 
  the other responsibilities include the bargaining of wages between the union the part of the economic chamber and the goverment . 
  i know i have n't explained everything like the monetary chamber and a lot more so ask if something is not explained well enough . 
  no , just force one big union . 
  in austria it has worked since 1945 . 
  maybe i should explain people the sozialpartnerschaft of austria ? 
  maybe they hie because you were norwegian ? 
  both countries would be in a civil war before the day was over !, 
  everything according to plan . 
  those are n't the politicians , those are the bureaucrats . 
  you mean kipferl , surely !, 
  they would still clash . 
  some day he or another person will close the gates and china will try to force you guys . 
  i am no expert but china is hungry for resources and what 's better that a sparsly populated resource rich country ? 
  i do n't want to scare you , but china will conquer siberia in the next 30 years . 
  oh , but still gr\u00f6nland sucks . 
  i am more talking about the wasteland of tibet and mongolia , perfect for you .
