  we also got lots of alcohol , 
  the problem is the city is one big blob and most suround areas are consumed by it and it creates problems . 
  hey !, 
  we are a lot grumpier !, 
  do n't talk about bike ways . 
  i often bike , but because we are just hills and mountains you 'll die if you habe n't practised much . 
  druck das `` do n't mean it '' fett kursiv and nur in gro\u00dfbuchstaben . 
  have you thought about paris it 's unregulated growth and in every book about city planing paris is the devil . 
  he wrote that everyone south of germany is lazy and wants our money and i responded , what about us ? 
  is there any form of city planning in china ? 
  in austria vienna has a very strict plan to avoid a falling of life quality . 
  how does your national pride suffer ? 
  by statistic you are the happiest country . 
  ( i personally do n't believe a country happiness can be summed up in a statistic ), 
  i thought we were brothers ?!, 
  a question : is this because of the little king syndrome , in which because they are the only child get everything ? 
  austria is similar in that because we became irrelevant and neutral , we often lay back and do nothing . 
  so your surrounding enviroment are `` waschweiber '' . 
  ( back when there were no washing machines the women washed the clothes at a river and talked a lot of gossip . 
  so when someone always wants to know everything we call them that ), 
  karl , they are on our traces !, 
  prepare blitzkrieg 2.0 , economic assimilation . 
  who says , that you guys should n't have demounted the dictator ? 
  he destroyed the country abd most of the capital for his palace . 
  austria evidently exports masses of toxic waste , but there is no source and we have n't even got a atomic plant !, 
  the good country index is so arbitrary . 
  nothing is really explained on the website in numbers . 
  what is more important ? 
  world order or climate ? 
  what do you mean with cultural exports . 
  there are just bars and where are the sources ? 
  until i get some evidence and how they distribute it , i regard this site as useless . 
  a republican !, 
  burn him !, 
  revive the spanish inquisition !, 
  the funny thing is the unemployment rate is the highest since ww2 , but the lowest in europe . 
  no , tyrolian is funny not austrian !, 
  remove stupid northerns from premises !, 
  but one thing is true : dutch is a mishmash between german and english with the orthography of a 6 year old . 
  yes !, 
  we already stole them . 
  really what traditional food is there left , which is eaten regularily . 
  at least we still have regional food . 
  infirior german dialect !, 
  no a lake is ein see and a sea ist ein meer . 
  meer is the big thing you guys are deperatly trying to hold back . 
  why did you delete the card ? 
  they want potato not meer . 
  we in austria and our brothers in germany wo n't legalise it for a long time . 
  maybe no settling bu one raid at least . 
  also were normans nordics ? 
  what what do you say ? 
  but the nordics reached kiev , so they obiviously reached croatia too . 
  not to destroy the moment , but be wary the secret police will take away potato . 
  beware of the dutch too !, 
  what about germany ? 
  they reformed tansania 's language . 
  how do you guys call a computer again , wannabe frenchies ? 
  what do you exactly want to let out ? 
  especially norway , if it does n't join the union . 
  being under 21 sucks in murika !, 
  when i was 14 my family went on a road trip around california and nevada . 
  the city was hot even at midnight and how can you guys even live there ? 
  the tap water has more chlor than any swimming pool ever will in austria . 
  you ca n't go anywhere in the casinos , but on one specific way . 
  everytime you go into a building you freeze to death , a wonder noone dies of this torture . 
  this was also the onlx time i ever saw a fast food restaurant give advice on how to save money , before maybe getting fired . 
  do you also have a card about cameron ? 
  from what i know from ck2 , please do n't hang someone for celebration . 
  in the austrian mountains a godess name perchta was worshipped in a festival with the people dressing up as demons . 
  these perchtenl\u00e4ufe were frowned apon by the church , but like everywhere else , they were n't able to root it out so they gave it a christian meaning . 
  ps imagine is written with one m. 
  the law was made to stop the habsburgers to introduce the monarchy again . 
  there was a contravercy a few years back , because the grandchild wanted to go into politics . 
  the law does n't make much sense anymore . 
  as far as i know the families still exist and have their titles , but the titles do n't mean anything anymore , they are just symbolic . 
  to my knowledge they barely medle with politics and the habsburgers are banned from pursuing any political career . 
  to be honest , they mostly keep to themselves . 
  i kinda dought this , because a lot of austrians joined titos partisans to fight the nazis . 
  in our history books in both styria and carinthia serbian troops marched in and the locals then fought and managed to get a referendum in which they won . 
  also as far as i know slovene were a minority , but still voted for austria . 
  after ww1 carinthia was occupied by serbia , but the locals drove them out , why would n't they do it again ? 
  germans , germans everywhere !, 
  yes we have and flair up !, 
  did n't your king also try to sell denmark to prussia ? 
  italy really did nothing great in the 20 . century beside maybe joining the eu . 
  in both ww they were utterly useless . 
  florida . 
  it 's mostly because of transport . 
  straight cucumbers are easily packed into a crate and shipped , but extremly curved are more difficult and wasteful to transport . 
  in austria we have this for years in austria , despite what our right says . 
  after the balkan wars , we got a lot of poor uneducated immigrants , but it 's ok , lots of people ( at least in eastern austria ) got slavik roots . 
  austria , do n't go to these silly germans . 
  you can be an english assistent . 
  we live in interesting times . 
  i too never have played it , but skyrim . 
  not in the scale , but they attacked without declaring war . 
  so you are saying , they did it like germany and broke international law . 
  a lot of visitors only visit vienna , which is sad . 
  desoite 60 % of the population living in cities ( cities are n't so big here ) most families have ties to the countryside .
