  the officers still are professionals . 
  a small highly trained army might be good for taking land quickly , but holding and defending land is difficult with a small force . 
  the conscripts and general army hold the the land and defend while the trained and specialised troops go on offensives . 
  it 's going to be very crowded in there then . 
  who says , that you are the lone survivor ? 
  and die ... 
  can they leave already ? 
  just be done with it . 
  you also were former cotizens of austria hungary , so you got the `` former empire mate '' bonus . 
  the abolished it recently . 
  just kidding . 
  schwedenplatz was named this way , because sweden helped us after ww1 not because they traumatised everyone during the 30 year war . 
  vienna has a fetish for naming things after important events , people or countries which influenced us . 
  for example mexikoplatz was named it because you were the only nation protesting when we got annexed and schwedenplatz is named after sweden for another reason . . just search schwedentrunk and beware of it . 
  [ here ] ( http://gatesofvienna.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/ayslumseekers2014.jpg ) is a relativly up to date chart . 
  well , i too would be nervous if i could n't strike back while my enemy was behind a shield . 
  you can move to mexikoplatz . 
  that 's what you get for annexing s\u00fcdtirol !, 
  communists really never get elected , but they usually seize power through a revolution , like they did it historically . 
  not always . 
  they would have to lose a lot of their cores , i am looking at you russia !, 
  if it 's anything like vic2 the communists will now declare a peoples republic and start to commify their neighbours . 
  at least 20 litres of this consumption comes from the alcohol smuggel germans and austrians do to get beer . 
  it 's unbelivable how many hungarians live in vienna . 
   better not innovate , but at the same time also not lag behind the times . 
  there is already a lettland . 
  the new danubian federation of course !, 
  they will still have drivers . 
  then it does n't make any sense , what this guy said . 
  is n't germany a net exporter ? 
  you are mixing something up . 
  austria imported only [ 13.5 % ] ( http://www.ots.at/presseaussendung/ots_20150422_ots0081/abhaengigkeit-durch-stromimporte-wird-immer-groesser ) of it 's electricity last year . 
  what you mean is the energy import , which is ~ 60 % , which is mostly fuel for cars . 
  and as you probably know , we do n't have a lot of oil or gas fields . 
  you are goddamn right !, 
  was n't hitler charged with treason in germany !, 
  hehe . 
  he strangely has n't and also has n't mentioned that the us only plans to take in 10.000 beginning in october . 
  more came to austria on one day . 
   aarhus best place to produce meat to sell to the whole hansa . 
   not sure about that . 
  in america , clinton got more votes , yet lost . 
  the problem is that you ca n't use the results of an american presidential election and convert it into a proportional system . 
  why ? 
  because of the electoral college and the system of fptp a lot of people do n't even vote in red or blue states , because their candidate can win anyways and it does n't make a difference if 80 % of people vote or 40 % vote . 
  you 'd have to hold a real proportional election in which every vote counts . 
  certainly not , but the current political landscape is fairly frozen . 
  the eu currently tries to incite a kind of national-european identity , but progesses very slowly or not at all . 
  identities are formed through adversity , but now that the migrant crises has happened the people are divided and a european identity gets pushed even more into the background . 
  any social groups or countries need enemies or `` them '' or `` other '' to continue to exist . 
  if there is n't an outside threat these countries will splinter and get weaker over time . 
  alien life is definitly needed to unite humanity as as long as there is no benefit to all be under one government it will never happen . 
  yeah , but these people had more in common than being from the same species and having emotions like them . 
  people care for others inside their own group and being european or western is pretty much the furtest i see people go in empathy and calls to action . 
  the future is global , but the people are n't . 
  in / r/de stirbt die deutsche sprache . 
  i think it has mostly to do with the word flow . 
  three twenty sounds awkwards in english , but so does zwanzig und drei in german . 
  well , the africans currently opt out one by one , so that also may stop . 
  what weak belief ? 
  that the overly optimistic vision for the future of sdcs will not happen in the overly optimistic timeframe ? 
  that the public and especially politicians will be cautious with a technology that needs to be flawless ? 
  maybe my opinion goes against industry experts , but i am conservativ in this approach . 
  a sdc must be 100 % reliable . 
  you can replace a human when he fucks up , but you have to replace all the ais in the cars if it fucks up . 
  sdc = self drving cars, 
  according go reddit in 10 years sdc will replace everything . 
  it will take longer than that . 
  why do people work in asian sweatshops ? 
  because making money , even if it screws you over is preferable to earning no money . 
  the problem with the horse meat was not so much that it was horse ( horse meat actually is very tender ) but because the horses which the meat was from were most of the time old work horses . 
  that 's also why it was so cheap and also chewy . 
  generally about how intolerant minorities influence the ( tolerant ) majority . 
  from food to religion . 
  for example a small dinner party of 6 and one is vegetarien . 
  the host could either make one guest his own food or he could just make vegetarian food for all to save time . 
  have you even read the whole article ? 
  italy was never know for having a back bone since its inception . 
  iceland processes a lot of bauxit for aluminium production because the energy is so readily available . 
  to fuck up their statistics ? 
  german should replace english , we have the number one native speakers . 
  our national pasttime . 
  `` either you sign the trade deal or we will make you have the current year ! '', 
  german has pretty consistent spelling , the only words which do n't are usually foreign words . 
  wait , do you want to make austria great again ? 
  i personally have nothing against it . 
   people are suffering even though they did everything right in their life . 
  life is unfair . 
  you can do `` everything right '' your whole life and suffer greatly or be a piece of shit and flourish . 
  often these things are not in your control and you have to just deal with it . 
   you have to differentiate between the unscrupulous government and the citizens . 
  greece had democratically elected governments when they cooked the books and racked up a huge debt . 
  the government was not the only one at fault at that . 
  greeks themselves did their part in not paying taxes and gladly accepting the debt money . 
  outside parties never cared if you supported the leadership that decided this or that , it does not matter to them . 
  your group has made a mistake and all must suffer for it . 
  it always was this way and always will be this way . 
  if you find a way to change that , you are welcome to try , but it ( probably ) wo n't work . 
  the g\u00fclenists must be both the most competent and incompetent secret organisation at the same time . 
  for one they manage to infilitrate the government and administration of turkey with thousands of people with nobody spilling the beans or getting caught , but ca n't manage a coup .
