  yes , i did !, 
  so , what ? 
  we got lakes , you know . 
  forget it !, 
  being able to speak german is useful , especially in science . 
  we can not just kill all hungarian politicians , but we can integrate the new land by conjoining the parliaments . 
  who is kossuth btw ? 
  was he one of the rebels ? 
  gut . 
  hey after we gave you guys equality , you started to dick around with the others !, 
  also wan na come back , we could revise trianon and saint germain together . 
  i am just happy we showed the germans again . 
  pah , we make better gulasch than you !, 
  try austrian comedies if you are good enough at german . 
  wow , herman s\u00f6rgel had a similar idea as me ... 
  i do n't know , we are all on the same level . 
  man , i did n't know you guys were a little more tolerant than we . 
  you guys have to reform yourself , your political system is very old . 
  it was the most advanced in the world of it 's times but now it 's overduo . 
  i would n't fit in america because i am a socialist . 
  one of the first things to do would be state funded parties and restricting campaign donations for firms . 
  in austria we have very strict laws for stores being open on weekends . 
  at first it was religiously inspired , but now unions and social democrats are supporters of the law , because it protects employees and workers . 
  but alcohol is easily available and i can buy on weekends too . 
  i personally never drink , but why should i force others my believes onto them . 
  because you got such a high age of drinking . 
  i have to ask a question : why do you guys seem to fear alcohol ? 
  you troll !, 
  then you never were in vienna . 
  the only person doing the dishes will be you , turkslav !, 
  about right but our inofficial antheme is `` i am from austria '' . 
  ok then . 
  i do n't know . 
  like for so long until you have seen all of the country and then finally fall in love with it ? 
  i have the perfect cure for you . 
  travel to vienna for the weekend and eat and drink for two , there are enough dishes to keep you entertained . 
  ps eat cake with coffee . 
  i do n't want them to do the deal either , but this wo n't help . 
  good joke , now what did they really say ? 
  but we are n't important enough . 
  that 's plain wrong !, 
  if there is no embassy of your country in the country your are stranded you are given an emergancy passport by any other european union embassy . 
  the french there were just jerks . 
  i chuckled a little when he said that bulgaria will join . 
  gut . 
  also did you know , that when prostitution is legal rapes happen less often ? 
  why ? 
  in austria prostitution is legal and regulated . 
  prostitutes have to go to the hospital every week and they also they pay taxes . 
  especially in countries in which prostitution is illegal and not regulated it is a bigger problem because they fear going to the police . 
  i think there is already a law against this . 
  do n't worry everyone hates die wiener from time to time , even die wiener . 
  if a woman wants to earn her living by fucking , by fuck , she should be able to !, 
  i have n't seen this yet . 
  it really depends . 
  as a student/pupil we say `` ferien '' for the summer break and `` urlaub '' for when we go somewhere , like greece or france or rotterdam . 
  if you work you mostly have `` urlaub '' . 
  i know noone which uses ferien in any other way as in education . 
  did you know we three have the most liberal and progressive prostitution laws in all of the world ? 
  everybody loves austria , exept the austrians . 
  first part : thanks second part : really ? 
  suicide by shooting yourself two times in the head , come on boys case is closed !, 
  wos host g ` sogt ? 
  you mean apfelsaft g ` spritzt ? 
  do n't use your prei\u00dfnwords here !, 
  i think the swiss are more likely to choose austria than germany . 
  interesting , when did the carinthians ever wanted to be independent ? 
  i see what reference you made there . 
  like stermann said : `` austrians are surrounded by so much beauty , they have to pull themselves down to do n't get crazy . '', 
  btw i am 100 % sure that that quote was kinda wrong . 
  yup , i know enough dutch which emigrated here . 
  exzellent , alles l\u00e4uft nach plan ... \u00e4hm i mean nice space plane . 
  i listen to fm4 or \u00d63 mostly . 
  come on , let your imagination play , but nothing stereotypical , ok ? 
  why not zoidberg ? 
  i did n't translate this saying very well . 
  good , then translate it better !, 
  who says , that we do n't care about you , albania ? 
  what a frenchman can do , i can do too !, 
  :p hey , you ca n't ask from them , to photoshop another picture of her . 
  just because you are the pot smoking , lesbian aunt !, 
  why are you getting nervous ? 
  why are you sweating so much ? 
  i never said austria should disolved into it 's bundesl\u00e4nder , we would just get groupped together like germanies . 
  do n't wake the dragon !, 
  it 's a love hate relationship like everything in austria . 
  gr\u00fc\u00df gott - greet god ( austrian greeting ) - und besuch \u00d6sterreich einmal - and visit ( in dialect orders the `` e '' is dismissed ) austria someday . 
  see no again . 
  how dare you !, 
  wien is much bigger and better than m\u00fcnchen !, 
  it depends what should get centralised and what should stay federalised . 
  education for example is something that should get centralised , but in a good way and not be dumbed down . 
  you ca n't centralise everything , or people will get discontent and you 'll get the same complaints as right wingers have with bruessel , that everything is decided over their head . 
  france is an extreme example . 
  they had a very centralised state early on and look what happened to the whole country . 
  because the states had barely any funding and most money was used for the capital , all lot of people left the provinces to move to paris . 
  10 million of the 50 million people of france live in paris . 
  and while paris very developed alot of frnce is underdeveloped . 
  what ? 
  must/cider for anglofrenchies .
