  maybe 84 just is putins favourite number ? 
  how do you know ? 
  anyways you have to admit it 's a nice number , not too high , not too low . 
  like heinzs 67 flavours . 
  you know his rating are astronomically high . 
  nobody even dares to speak out against him , because they would be prosecuted for `` tax evasion '' . 
  lying about the reason you attack a country means a ton . 
  honestly what was achived by the second war of iraq ? 
  nothing of worth . 
  your soldiers lifes were wasted . 
  what about all the coups or the supposid war which happened in south china during the vietnam war ? 
  officially declaring a war does n't mean anything today anymore . 
  you mean like the us never offically been in any war since ww2 ? 
  then why would he annex them ? 
  puppet states are easier to control . 
  are n't they already under the influence of russia ? 
  i thought baltics also meant estonians . 
  you mean scrambled potato ? 
  i know how to kill those little fuckers but they are so fast and kill of in like 5 hits . 
  i kinda want a new fallout , but they did n't do enough with the setting and fuck the repair costs , they are horrendous like in dead island . 
  but not deathclaws and casadors , those fuckers !, 
  i shot one guys a whole clip in the head , how does he survive please !, 
  but nothing is better than good austrian apples , does n't matter if fresh or in cider form . 
  bomb potato fields ? 
  so many went to austria . 
  yay , 100 % !, 
  i know that in lesser wealthy countries this is so , but in the us ... 
  sorry for living in austria and not knowing everything about northern germany and poland . 
  yeaaaah , i do n't think this is gon na happen . 
  hey , we gave you guys a lot of freedom and were better at administrating you . 
  you 'll get assimilated soon enough . 
  because the tribe of the pommern lived there ... 
  what carrot story ? 
  anways , nothing can be as evil as your rainbow press . 
  cycling along our donau is quite relaxing and the schl\u00f6gner schlinge is always nice to visit . 
  where do you live , where you do n't get free education ? 
  have n't a lot of young , educated people already left the country ? 
  i heard there is a brain drain in hungary right now . 
  in austria hungary is reported about fairly often as it 's our neighbor and they get more and more fashist . 
  as their overlord you have to sometimes endure these attacks . 
  considering you guys invented the daily mail . 
  you are french so this is even more of an excuse !, 
  i love the accent . 
  and you , dig in your own garden . 
  be happy we are a fairly boring country , you do n't want to end up like the us having shootings every week . 
  buisness is buisness . 
  if you want something you also have to deal with people you do n't like . 
  i hope they win and show them to respect workers rights . 
  batman , turkey ? 
  never been there . 
  we took over lots of things from our realm , but we improved them also in yours . 
  also gulasch is the only dish i know , which gets better and better the more times you warm it up . 
  you mean because of the movie `` taken '' ? 
  from whom you think they got it ? 
  just google them . 
  on the contrary to british food if you google our 's you wo n't see shit . 
  how dare you to insult our food !, 
  it 's delicious !, 
  i did n't know nigria wanted to seceed from you . 
  i prefer a tactical marriage with austria . 
  that subreddit is n't one we like to talk about ... 
  want to joing us to a south german union ? 
  man , i 'd like to try some cheese bu i live in austria . 
  remember when we controlled you guys ? 
  why not a sheep ? 
  nana , do n't be so depressing , it just could result in the third world war of a very large war , nothing we wo n't survive . 
  yeah , saw that.man are they stupid !, 
  man they must be jealous of somalia , the are even allowed to carry free , or do anything else , a libertarian dream , no goverment , no worries ,, 
  austria also got fairly high gun ownership which are mostly hunting rifles and lots of old ww2 weaponry . 
  wow , do n't they know anything about amsterdam ? 
  the netherlands have legalised marijuana consumption , but you ca n't buy it and farm it legally . 
  i was talking about the cultural thing . 
  you got ta live somewhere ? 
  maybe get a flair so people know where you live . 
  then aserbaijan can join , because they are extremly secular . 
  is it as hated as my father tells me ? 
  he often is kazachstan for buisness . 
  you know they hate this movie , because it ridicules their country . 
  i think he means universal suffrage , freedom of religion , equality between men and women , etc. . . 
  i do n't like neoliberalism , it dismanteled one of the greatest achivements of the second republic , the social partnership , in which the state unions and the different sparts of industry and commerce figuered out what should be done to improve life and help profits , the agreement then was implemented by the goverment and most people were happy and there barely were any strikes and the economy ran smoothly . 
  everyone likes to rant , it 's just the austrian way of life . 
  no he sedused the girl and raped others . 
  not the bees i guess ? 
  no wonder i did n't know this , i am from upper austria and only hae contact to people in salzburg . 
  i never heard of that tradition and i live in austria . 
  you mean the tradition of sankt nikolaus you stole !, 
  considering you were more being ruled than ruled is that really surprising ? 
  so greece and turkey should be worried . 
  why just the austrian ? 
  the difference is you guys are one nationality and south tyrol is n't italian . 
  ok , now you have lost me . 
  what about bosnia next ? 
  and then romania and parts of the ukraine ? 
  not everything is about taxes you see . 
  and ? 
  giving money to people , whom are n't trustworthy , so they can buy houses which wo n't be paid . 
  no , it 's not from bioshock , we even used this poster in arts class . 
  that 's the american sentiment , not the germans . 
  does he even know what happened in the 30s ? 
  the us crashed the world market and 25 % unemployment in all of europe happened , not just in greece , spain , italy and spain .
