  everyone already knows that sub , kebabremover . 
  now only , germany can not the box . 
  italy , you can not the word !, 
  it was a joking take on the history of the austrian flag , otherwise it would be kinda boring . 
  but at that time they already were on top . 
  we can all learn from them : fuck your way to the top !, 
  two ruler dynasties in nearly 1000 years , still guessed wrong . 
  and even worse i am very historically interested . 
  now ... when are we gon na vote ? 
  dismanteling the sundzoll is a pleasure everytime . 
  i do n't go to your school but i doubt we are that much different in terms of waste . 
  you get rid of bayern so win win for everyone . 
  they stole bayern from us !, 
  so the story behind the austrian flag is the following : a babenberger ruler went all metal on those muslims during a crusade and slaughtered through them . 
  in the evening he then took off his belt which was soaked in the blood of him enemies apart from the place where his belt was during the day . 
  it depends . 
  people in the htl are often less educated on most matter than a gymnasist . 
  but the htler already has an education with which he can get a job . 
  my question with this system is , how will they measure how good the students are ? 
  while being nice and interesting is all well and good , the thing is you still have to try and learn something and retain this knowledge for atleast the test you take . 
  i am a student right now and it has nothing to do with laziness of the cleaning personell , most student are just pigs . 
  hoi3 : always go through belgium . 
  do n't eyerape me , boy !, 
  you need the spells for university . 
  there you can specialise to then defeat the bosses . 
  why play world of tanks if you can drive real tank in ~ ~ ukraine ~ ~ russia ? 
  oh skyrim , how i used to love you until i got frustrated by your combat system and your enemies . 
  you can better your game by grinding in school and learning spells to pass tests and level up . 
  in none of the games , besides ck the irish have it easy . 
  :( luck of the irish one might say . 
  downloade dir doch den game of thrones mod . 
  a primary surplus is useless if you ca n't pay the interest too . 
  # #justbalkanthings, 
  are you hiding something ? 
  vietnam , afganistan , the philipines and most of south america back up your notion . 
  bayern is n't a dirty word , piefke !, 
  i ca n't be the only one , but i do n't really like the huffington post . 
  they seem like the buzzfeed of online newspapers . 
  a lot of content , extremly opinionated . 
  question : why is that guy a pole and has an english name ? 
  the revisionism is strong with this one . 
  they are n't illegal , but you have to make every person unidentifiable on video . 
  together we are more than the sum of our parts . 
  we never forget our former ~ ~ subjects ~ ~ people . 
  i think you forgot slovenia . 
  remove all the minorities from everyone :( and you got it right . 
  theoretically yes and all the others too , you guys will be our eastern germany . 
  but i do n't think too much public support would be in czechia . 
  hm , alright , you can join too , croatia maybe too , but no bosnia this time . 
  laibach needs some renovations !, 
  i could not fight as i am unfit for military service and i live in austria , so probably wait for this to blow over . 
  austria wo n't get nuked as the front would be in eastern europe . 
  since when do you suck the balls of someone for oral sex ? 
  i was several times in rotterdam and asked my grandma to cook me something dutch ... there was no dutch . 
  i ate more asian than dutch . 
  your meatballs are exellent tough . 
  why do you dutch do n't like kn\u00f6del tough ? 
  counterattack unit will be sent to the netherlands in a few weeks . 
  their plan is to destroy the dams . 
  revelant user name . 
  i kinda do feel bad for the 5 weeks of mandatory vacation time , but also kinda do n't . 
  but there were once . 
  i do n't want to know what happened to the greeks there . 
  well , it is and was a majority german settled area . 
  i know , latvia has n't got potato , only more sadness . 
  at least you got potato . 
  only sadness in baltica , that 's why . 
  have you seen her youth pics ? 
  you got one , one president which is from a minority . 
  our greatest prime minister of the second republic was a jew ( kreisky ) . 
  he implemented a lot of things and loved to meddle in international politics . 
  and man he was hated by israel . 
  he was very much for palestine getting independent and israel wanted to call him and antisemite , but could n't . 
  one night in an old roman prison ? 
  they got the baltics , but not austria !, 
  you mean those guys of the modelling agencies ? 
  i all makes sense now !, 
  so why are you so good at gymnastics ? 
  haters gon na hate !, 
  telegraph , we did what in your eyes !? 
  we ( better one of our banks ) allegidly started the depression !, 
  a lot of film and cartoon castles were inspired by this one , including if i am not misstaken the disney one . 
  if the the word is schpion it 's obivious what he meant to say . 
  i know cyrillic , you liar !, 
  liar !, 
  * men, 
  they would just burn your house down . 
  mainly budget cuts . 
  we educated you and that 's how you thank us !? 
  [ throws tantrum ] good day !, 
  i am all for equality , but please , nobody cares . 
  you can argue and rumble for hours , but the fact is you are using your energy to argue over laws in several countries which you will never live in or even be citizen . 
  they are allowed to adopt children . 
  our version of the supreme court argued that marriage is for creating children , you can agree or disagree , but it does n't matter and almost no one cares at all . 
  split ? 
  you mean integrate them into austria . 
  i would maybe support it if there was a group lobbying for it , but there just is n't . 
  the partnerships have basically the same rights as normal marriages anyways . 
  why did n't you want to stay with us ? 
  it would have been way better as with the others .
