  as a carpenter a table or chair . 
  only meister were and are allowed in germany austria and switherland to open a craftmanshop . 
  gesellen have finished their education as a craftsmen and work with the meister . 
  after finishing education all gesellen have to go on a journey and are n't allowed near their home for 60km for 6 year ( more or less possible ) . 
  they then search for a new meister to teach them new tricks and techniques . 
  a lehrling is an apprentice and learns the craft for years before he does his gesellenst\u00fcck a piece of work of his craft alone to become a geselle . 
  the upper floors were then for the family of the owner of the house , who often owned the shop or such beyond . 
  the richest burghers and merchants of the town then built their expensive house at the market place to gloat . 
  the houses most of the time are built connecting to each other to conserve energy and save fuel . 
  most house then have a chimney at the side or at the middle of the house over each other . 
  most inner medivel cities only survived in the very small ones . 
  sadly even then a lot were bombed in ww2 . 
  they got renovated and revitalised so people would start living in them again . 
  a lot of people feel proud of their history apart of the austrian , who became german citizen and the laid ashes to europe after he became german citizen . 
  does she know , that she talks like someone you see on / r/tia ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with showing what a person has done , because he/she is dark skinned ? 
  everyone should point out the flaw of the culture any person has come from and not be branded a nazi/skinhead / ... because of it . 
  sweden you are sjw , the country !, 
  we in austria have flaws , a lot of flaws , but this is over the top . 
  not yet i think . 
  with 25 % unemployment it wo n't be hard finding replacements . 
  :d ^ sorry ^ for ^ being ^ so ^ mean, 
  there were a lot of loans given to greece and the other banruptsy endangered states . 
  these were financed by the richer countries which has sparked anti eu and debt country sentiments . 
  i can understand that . 
  so the fuck ups have been forced under strong budget limits under the troika , the euro finance ministery they lied to ( at least greece ) und had to cut at everything . 
  this has caused a lot of problems in the countries including the inability to pay for meds and the postponing of payments . 
  a lot of people are unemployed and the circumstances are like in post ww1 germany or austria , altough in weaker form . 
  barbarians were everyone not greek or speaking greek . 
  but whom shall we embargo ? 
  norway , so we can get more trade income !, 
  no , eu4 has a very shitty culture system and iceland has just two provinces of 1 base tax so you can convert culture easily . 
  yes , they exist , little island . 
  next eu4 game i will annex you and make you lower saxon . 
  i find it strange that the us has n't changed it 's system for more that 200 years . 
  yes , it was the most modern at the time , but now it 's backwards . 
  no , they are financing orf . 
  schadenfreid is di schenste freid !, 
  a powerful enemy named . . hihi ... haha princess magnificent . 
  the balkans start south of austria . 
  but i only take women . 
  is n't your southern neighbour bayern ? 
  it also could save your ass from 18 years of child support . 
  there are no kangaroos in austria , only kuhli-muhs . 
  it 's like a condom . 
  most of the time you do n't need it , but when it saves your ass . 
  did n't you know the capital of germany is austria !? 
  sorry my little sister said that once and it still cracks me up, 
  mass immigration helps the creation of parts of the city in which this ethnic group more or less exclusivly is and they become isolated from the rest of society . 
  mind that most refugees are n't highly educated and if no employment can be found , they will find other ways to survive . 
  overloading the system , the creation of double societies and through a lack of integration ethnic tensions between them and other immigrants and the natives . 
  but is that really so good ? 
  then do n't take so many refugees !, 
  you ca n't take on the weight on the world . 
  if your goverment keeps this going more and more natives will vote for the sverigedemokraterna . 
  even the right has it 's points and alienating your population from their own country is n't good . 
  people do n't want to loose their identity . 
  the eu has no debts . 
  you know lobbying happens all the time . 
  enviromental groups , corporations , labour unions , basically everyone who ever asked for something from an official has done lobbying . 
  your local folk music band asking for new instruments - lobbying a parents council wanting new daycare stations - lobbying a local company wanting the street renewed - lobbying, 
  i had to google that . 
  yes , we really like irony and are cynical to an exorbitant amount . 
  caberets are very popular and often you have to take an austrian 's word with a grain of salt . 
  a few years back someone made a small series about a small village faking a maria sighting to pay their debts . 
  austrians always were a cynical nation , especially the viennese . 
  you really think , that we think of us as nice ? 
  our volkssport after skiing is ranting . 
  oh , how we like to rant , you would n't belive . 
  we austrians often have a village like lifestyle and if an outsider ( german , turk , etc. ), 
  settles here he has to prove himself . 
  no , he just went on a vacation to siberia , kamtschatka to be exact . 
  surely . 
  if you try to integrate , you 'll have no problem . 
  not for the british . 
  i austria we had such single-factory-towns until the 70s . 
  now most have revitalised in tourism and diversivied there economy . 
  hey , through your food you got aland . 
  but is it as moving as the mass unemployment of the 1930s or the rebuilding of most countries after ww2 ? 
  good , what issues do you guys have which move large parts of your population ? 
  it might have to do with the fact that we do n't have any really serious problems , which move big parts of the population . 
  apart from russia invading what does a normal finish person have to worry about ? 
  so the populists have the edge ? 
  is the majority always right ? 
  goddamn , we have to move our military in to save our brothers and sisters . 
  i think it is another thing . 
  most people over 25 have more stable lifes and thus are less easily fanatised . 
  a lot of those who went either had no education or had unstable boring lifes . 
  we moved the age of adultry from 21 to 18 once because we thought people became more intellegent and also most made their own money and had their own flat or house , sometimes even a family . 
  you mean they are n't adults yet , not people ? 
  why retreat ? 
  they bever attacked . 
  - can ... can we see him ? 
  - no , sorry . 
  he is currently mov . 
  there are reasons why you have to be 18 to be a full citizen . 
  teenagers are stupid and impressionable , so i do n't blame them wholy and especially do n't want them not to come home to their families . 
  when the jihadists are over 18 it 's another story , because they were fully responsible for their actions . 
  they ai n't bitches for a duke , they are better than polish of any kind . 
  yeah they `` falsified '' the documents .
