   that 's maybe be bit much . 
  nope  i mean i do understand that point and i do n't wish for anyone to work ridiculous hours but i do like that our stores are open most of the days . 
  having one day per week , where nearly everyone does n't have to work is nice and a break from the normal stress of modern life . 
  have you anglo canadians ever realised that most of the stuff associated with canada ( maple syrup , poutine , etc. ), 
  is quebecois ? 
  i mean without quebec you would have no culture . 
  we also have a shopping ban on sundays . 
  which is nice for all the people in retail and families . 
  in an empire the rule is the more the merrier . 
  * wink * * wink * * nudge * * nudge *, 
  yeah , ~ ~ three ~ ~ ten kegs of beer and a drinking competition and liechtenstein is ours . 
  literally the only traditional dutch dish my dutch grandma could direct me to in rotterdam . 
  the rest were various asian dishes . 
  did the banat declare itself independent or something ? 
  damn , if the apocalypse happened , the ones taking over the city would have it easy defending it . 
  you know blood sacrifice is n't needed to erect great buildings . 
  it probably was his monk name after joining the order . 
  you ca n't be arrested for just being a nazi . 
  what you think does n't matter , what you do does . 
  you are n't allowed to preach national socialism , do the hitler salute or use nazi symbolism . 
  you are also not allowed to spread the lie that the holocaust has never happened . 
  still they deconstructed most of the industrial base in east austria and you can still see the effects of that until today . 
  the american election then must have been a blast . 
  so will you . . probably . 
  that guy looks like he has a hell of a time in the picture . 
  in upper austria i hear tschechei reasonably often , but more from older people . 
  question : does india have federalism ? 
  edit : writing with autocorrect on mobile is the worst . 
  the problem is , we are too different and the eu is too far away emotionally . 
  nation building could work with estonia , latvia and lithuania or austria and its neighbours , but not across all of the eu . 
  yes , the materials we used to cuild up our world would n't just dissappear . 
  i 'd argue it would even be easier to kickstart progress again , because melting down already refined metals is easier than refining ore . 
   that 's why i do n't support the idea that humans will go extinct in case of nuclear war . 
  i agree . 
  killing off the human race generally be quite difficult . 
  sure , tons will die , but we wo n't perish . 
  the thing is currently the earth is warming up and even if we did everything in our means to reverse it we could still gain +4 c it would get colder , but not so cold that you could n't grow anything . 
  for seeds there are solutions . 
  for one there are tons of seeds around if only a few survive they can be regrown . 
  also we still have monasteries . 
  if a few of them survive they could be centers of knowledge in the aftermath . 
  what do you mean with that ? 
  there would be a ton of different metals in the ruins of the old world . 
  normally windturbines turn and put the rotors in such a way that they wo n't turn anymore . 
  if that mechanism fails . . well you saw it . 
  tell us about it . 
  the ghosts that i called ... 
  we had a resolution against the purges turkey initiated . 
  every party signed . 
  now i kinda wan na see that . 
  probably depends on where you ski . 
  we always had more dutch than germans . 
  here is the paragraph with the minister 's statements :  `` ihr solltet h\u00f6flich mit uns umgehen , dann k\u00f6nnen wir mit euch wieder reden '' , sagte \u00c7avu\u015fo\u011flu in einem tv-interview . 
  `` you should treat us politely , then we can speak with each other again '' , said \u00c7avu\u015fo\u011flu in a tv-interview . 
  he would from now on act on all levels and subjects against austria . 
  the turkish politician also critisized : `` the parliament there passes resolutions against turkey , they report badly in the media . 
  they want to talk with us , but i wo n't argue with them . '', 
  the rest of the article is about the veto from kurz , some further threats from turkey and the eu-turkey summit in march . 
  have you ever heard about the suicidal dutch ? 
  going schuss down the mountain with zero skiing expirience . 
  anglo media is very slow when it comes to news from non anglo countries . 
   i assume you only by mistake ignored to adress the humanitatian aspect there , am i right ? 
  no , not really . 
  i am sympathetic to every single one , but one ca n't do politics with that in mind . 
  if you do 2015 happens . 
   newborns are fucking dying because of a lack of funding for hospitals . 
  people cant even get insulin or other important medication . 
  like i said , i am sympathetic to every single one of the people and might even agree if we met face to face , but the fact is that you ca n't do politics like that , or budget cuts for a bankrupt nation like that . 
   do you really want to tell me that this i neccessary or in ans way helpful to rebuild the economy and helping in the payback of debts ? 
  only when greece has reformed and could manage to sustain their debts can they survive on their own . 
  even if the got their debts cut they would still accumulate them again if left to their own devices . 
  maybe it 's a lesson like the hyperinflation in germany and austria . 
   since when are debts more important than goddam human lives ? 
  since the time politicians wanted to get reelected . 
   do you even read what you are writing here ? 
  yes , i am aware of what i am writing here . 
   for christs sake , they also wasted my ( austrian ) money , but even if every single greek knew about all this corruption , this goes far beyond any reason . 
  does it really ? 
  people have always been punished for the failures of their leaders . 
  being collectivly punished is n't unusual . 
   this is pure cruelty which shouldnt have a place in the europe of the 21st century . 
  no , it 's cold indifference . 
  cruelty would be overdoing it and seizing everything the greeks hold dear . 
  you could say : `` redkrypton does n't care about greek people . '', 
  you would be correct . 
  i care about austria , not some shithole in africa and not some shithole in europe which had all the chances in the world and blew them all . 
   shamelessly spreading lies out of hatred . 
  we did n't hate you people enough to let your country sink into anarchy so shut up . 
  the eu and the creditors have you by the balls . 
  the more you struggle the more painful it will be . 
  austria also once had to get a loan from the league of nations and we had to do much worse cuts than that . 
  we finished paying that loan back after 80 years . 
   people like you are disgusting . 
  you know that ? 
  the greek situation is one good greek tragedy . 
  the more you people try to prevent the invenitable the worse it becomes . 
  from electing leftists who do n't know who is in charge ( especially varufakis ) to that stupid referendum with which you shot yourself in the foot . 
   hope that eu starts deporting idiots like you , hah , like the eu could and would deport the majority of voters of your creditor countries . 
   then maybe we can start living in peace in this continent . 
  until you fuck up again ...
