  are n't we 500 million people in the eu ? 
  russia , what about central asia ? 
  i dought it 's that strong . 
  especially in austria there are a lot of `` women in tech '' conventions . 
  what !, 
  as a socialist and social democrat i say treat everyone equal !, 
  why should women get the custody rights per default and males always have to pay alimony ? 
  hitting a woman should be equally punished as hitting a man and vice versa . 
  the problem with your idea is that you ca n't force people to learn a certain job . 
  maybe there is a brilliant female out there which would be an excellent engineer , but if she has no interest all her brilliance wo n't do anything . 
  there is a reason why there are so many job orientation courses in school . 
  you find your dream job . 
  you wo n't be able to reprogram hundreds of thousands of years of human evolution and the problem i have with femenism is they believe it . 
  your tradition ca n't be as bad as dressing up as demons and hunting children . 
  ( exederation ), 
  i think there should be something made clear . 
  most buisness mean and politicans are old and at the time they started their career the times were different , so of course there is discrepancy there . 
  they have a jetlag of 20-30 years . 
  also there are two equalities : the equality of chance and the equality of outcome . 
  most times those are not the same , which means you can give everyone the equal chance but the outcome will not be equal . 
  for example you wo n't find many women in technical jobs because often they are n't interested . 
  so is it now bad that not many women are interested ? 
  one problem with the equality of outcome is the rigging of fair competition in education and different jobs . 
  should a person be allowed to university to study medicine only because she is a woman and would have passed the test if she was a man ? 
  my conclusion to the hystery of a lack of women in certain job branches is , that it 's just fearmongering . 
  i have n't seen a campaign for more women as construction workers or more man for bureau work . 
  are n't there any social democrats ? 
  what about armenian or greek ? 
  are n't they at least somwhat related . 
  with the balkan wars i meant the clashes between austria and the ottomans . 
  those the depopulated the region in the 18 . century . 
  and the saxon settlement in the 14 . century was because the king invited them . 
  haha , good joke . 
  i am so stupid . 
  goddman your borders afrika !, 
  i. . . oh now i remember it south of cameroun . 
  but you guys are the worst on ski holidays . 
  : / oh god , how the swedes drink so much alc in so little time !, 
  and then the aftermath - discusting . 
  ah yes , guinea-bissau that u-country with gambia sticking in . 
  i did n't look that up btw . 
  my first thought too . 
  if you just had joined albania . 
  at least you are n't basque . 
  those fuckers have noone . 
  at first , we austrians have humour unlike the germans ( exept bavarians ) . 
  we are cynical and give provocative answers if we think your question was stupid or unecessary . 
  everybody hates wien ... kinda but not really . 
  the more mountainous it gets the worse is the dialect for german german speakers . 
  in the deepest tirol even most austrians have problems understanding anyone native . 
  at last an important tipp : do n't be german , exept for bavarian . 
  the similar architecture is from the fact , that after the balkan wars germans were settled there in siebenb\u00fcrgen . 
  i heard he works for the goverment and tries to steal the jobs and money out of the pockets of brave hard working citizens . 
   guilty as charged . 
  our two main parties are basically one party that keep bickering to pretend they are not defending the exact same interests . 
  prepared for front national ? 
   paris is not that bad , i am not a fan either but it is a capital with lots of people in a hurry . 
  there are so many nice places to see outside of paris where people are much more pleasant . 
  but because you are n't a federation most money flows to the capital and makes it grow , which stagnates all other cities . 
  10 % of the population lives there !, 
  i also would be impressed by the romans . 
  how do you know ? 
  ok , now to some political stuff . 
  france has the most rightwing socialist president ever . 
  who has an all eating monster as capital ? 
  france !, 
  you know , paris should have been detonated !, 
  muhahahaha, 
  you wo n't die from it . 
  you , defend your airport !, 
  after which you guys were completly occupied . 
  i wholeheartidly disagree . 
  your winner takes it all system is terrible and having only two parties is terrible for the political process . 
  everyone just hopes that their least hated canidate wins and makes each party suseptible to extremists from the inside showed by the rise of the tea party . 
  the tea party would be your version of an extremly right party in europe , but they wo n't because out there in the wild of the political system of the us you are dead as a seperate party . 
  so what do they do ? 
  drag everyone on their level . 
  moderate conservativs , libertarians and all the other groups get suppressed . 
  alot of these people have only one reason to vote for their party : so that the other does n't win . 
  the problem is a black and white view which has developed . 
  when somebody tells you he/she is republican/democratic , what do you think of ? 
  your system has to be replaced . 
  in the next post ( i have to go to lunch ) if you want i will explain an alternative . 
  on the market place most residentia\u00f6 buildings and offical buildings were prestigious and the further away from the market place the poorer the housing got . 
  in your pictures these are middle and lower burgher houses and artisian houses . 
  there often were poor quarters , but you do n't see them today as they got eradicated for pther buildings . 
  we do n't like being called germans , because they are often very rude and steal our places at the universitis . 
  i want to accept your culture , but your base tax is so shitty !, 
  and then the rebels which try to take back the island , which are oddly ok with their culture being eradicated . 
  man island and norway are wastelands . 
  i am austrian , but we have similar architecture , exept for fachwerk which is more north german . 
  i wo n't necesserily answer your questions so do n't be mad . 
  most cities in germany and austria have their origin in the middle ages . 
  larger market towns ( have the right to hold a market ) were given the city rights by their nobles which include the right and must of holding market every day . 
  the right to build a city wall . 
  in german there is the saying `` stadtluft macht frei '' , which means `` city air makes free '' which is because if a serf managed to get inside the walls of the town he was , if the lord did n't ask for him for a certain time , free . 
  now to buildings . 
  most of the time the residential were 3 stories high and the usage of floors the following : on the ground was the shop with production area behind the counter . 
  normally it was a meister , gesellen and lehrlinge working there . 
  a meister learned his work for years has also made his meisterst\u00fcck a very good piece of work from his craft .
