  interesting . 
  are n't you currently under a union of denmark or was it sweden ? 
  next you are telling me czechoslovakia does n't exist anymore . 
  i saw that country on cnn . 
  deutsch-s\u00fcdbalkan ? 
  well it called and calls itself the leader of the `` free world '' for over half a century even after the cold war was over . 
  maybe germany will buy greece . 
  instead of mallorca kreta . 
  in austria you now can adopt a child as a lesbian couple . 
  as a gay couple you can adopt one alone and then `` share '' it with your partner . 
  that 's what i meant with `` help them occupy enough land '' . 
  if it were that easy . 
  no , you wait until some independence rebels appear , help them to occupy enough land and after they have won you vassalise them . 
  in my expirience the most effective way is to declare war on the nation you are supporting rebels in . 
  du , du monster !, 
  are n't we more liberal with prostitution in europe than latin america ? 
  andalusia is usually held by some muslim ( until you conquer them ) and they use their dynasty names . 
  there is no catalonia kingdom ingame , but catalonia is a duchy ( you have to fully control a duchy before it can dejure drift . 
  catalonia is part of aragon . 
  why would they ? 
  it sounds awesome !, 
  but that 's only possible as a byzantine . 
  in hindsight is was not wise to let andalusia and catalonia dejure drift into castilia . 
  ideal time to reinstitute the habsburg as a figurehead . 
  :d first hungary , then the world ( or at least our crown lands ) . 
  not necessarily . 
  it 's like saying if hitler did n't exist it would n't have come to ww2 . 
  yes , maybe it would n't have happened , but we are n't talking about the ifs but how it happened . 
  naturally kiwi . 
  but there have to be reasons !, 
  ah , fuck it . 
  hey , you want the change so you have to argue for it . 
  what would change for the better ? 
  what benefits would this bring ? 
  in austria this is a non issue . 
  why should we change it in austria ? 
  it 's not like police in austria missuses their guns and instantly starts shooting . 
  that 's just change for the sake of it with no benefit in my eyes . 
  so why should we do it like in the uk ? 
  it 's a cycle . 
  fp\u00d6 gets in a coalition , they fuck up , they lose most of their voters . 
  because the qwertz keyboard is supirior !, 
  ;d no , but like radene said , because we call austria \u00d6sterreich in german . 
  of course , you wannabe romans ( we both know you are bastard lombards ) are the root of all evil . 
  you guys helped introducing fascism in austria . 
  it 's easier to beat up smaller countries than bigger ones . 
  we once got a former nazi as president ( he did not commit any crimes as we know ) and we got sanctioned , while the same did n't happen with italy which had their own former nazis in politics . 
  would n't that just be a giant salt lake ? 
   $ 8.6 milliard . 
  ftfy, 
  9 months . 
  18 years . 
  26 years . 
  too bad that that does n't make sense as she was born before austria join the eu . 
  why ? 
  what about the girl , which went to the firefighters ? 
  hey i ca n't speak dutch , but i can still read it because it 's the bastard child of english and german with the spelling of a grade schooler just having learned the alphabet writing for the first time . 
  tey 'll join us and you will pay , literally !, 
  it 's a nice wurst and he is right . 
  their ignorance is bliss . 
  you italians seem to at least have learned something from us . 
  this is a krapfen , so move on !, 
  well , the guy who invented them came from frankfurt and we called them after his home town . 
  i just do n't like how easy it is for a small group of people to pass laws which oppress people ( e.g. 
  your new immigration law ) and the inability to unpopular laws ( for the good or bad ) with women 's suffrage . 
  gluten are contained in grain . 
  if you have an intolerance , you can not digest them and you 'll get the shits . 
  for some reason , especially in the anglos , a lot of people think they got this intolerance or that gluten are unhealthy for some reason . 
  we all know who was one of the major reasons for nazi germany 's defeat : italy . 
  italy failed so hard in greece that the invasion had to be posponed , which were extremly important months . 
  no , but about 800 years later scare millions in moving from the east to the west . 
  that 's why you greeks lost to the romans . 
  you were too much of a snob to use other tribes for your goals . 
  that 's why we were conquered by the romans and not the greeks . 
  europa , please . 
  well , i would still conquer europe , but without the genocide aspect . 
  i 'd also destroy britain before attacking russia . 
  man , i am looking forwards to hoi4 . 
  i mean bosnia has a lot of different landscapes . 
  bosnia is also very beautiful . 
  it has this rpg feeling with a lot of landscape variation . 
  schwarzenegger had his biggest successes in california , hitler in germany and beethoven in austria . 
  do n't forget beethoven . 
  i would rather think of positve reinforcement . 
  edit : why am i getting downvoted ? 
  should n't parents be rewarded for getting children ? 
  you know , children are more longterm so if you `` invest '' in them the payoff is in 16-26 years . 
  we need more children , not less . 
  muricans . 
  we do n't need to visit bosnia in austria , because bosnia comes to us !, 
  i have been to rotterdam multiple times and the first time i was there most tunnels were closed because they were flooded . 
  no , russia moves to the czech president !, 
  it 's from 4chan : http://i.imgur.com/jxcqndh.jpg and the wolf one , see yourself ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lth7l-dhhzq, 
  i am 99 % certain that every people is to a certain degree racist . 
  a lot of indians are racist and there were racial riots in townships in south africa , because of immigrants of other african nations . 
  your friends just have n't been around very much . 
  how is she disabled ? 
  i have n't seen any photos of her , so is she physically disabled or mentally disabled ? 
  we do n't use this cis-language around here !, 
  i personally am an attack helicopter and my friend next to me is a wolf .
