  i have heard you got good fruit . 
  the problem is russia does n't produce high value goods . 
  iron ore is nice and well , but you need to work it into steel and for that you need know how . 
  wow i have to say , this guys had an even more boring day than i. 
  you poor souls , ca n't watch shit . 
  germans with split personality disorder . 
  yes i have watched them . 
  nanana not holy roman empress , she will introduce the 4 . 
  reich and at first annex portugal , spain , greece and ireland for lebensraum , then austria for cheap vacation , take back elsa\u00df-lothringen and ostpreu\u00dfen . 
  still a propaganda machine for corperations . 
  russia has it 's priorities right , first the fags then the capitalists . 
  well , it perfect for technical stuff and dialects , you can find so much amusement out of them . 
  why learn french if you can learn german ? 
  what about the potato in their mouth ? 
  the norwegians will be pissed off . 
  everything is like hitler . 
  do you let the german through this time too ? 
  tanktraps are just more effective . 
  the argentinian magniot line was very difficult to chew through , but in the end you won . 
  is that really all ? 
  nothing else , not even a car accident ? 
  the americans also invaded mexico . 
  yeah you send all your stupid people to america and for some inexplicable reason give them gun . 
  it was a joke how putin repeats the steps done by hitler . 
  poland was just a joke , because it was always partitioned . 
  do you really think your politicians have any clue ? 
  i dought it , maxbe die kleine angela , but nobody else . 
  the bnd surely worked together with the five eyes , but nobody else knew about it . 
  what do you think ? 
  using gays as the scapegoat for his new empire and then remilitarising . 
  after that of course annexing belarus and then poland . 
  and the english - rekt, 
  yeah we are always tainted as neo nazis and strache of the fp\u00d6 the next f\u00fchrer , altough our rightwing party has n't done shit against anymore yet . 
  i do n't like the fp\u00d6 but the only thing the have done is fucking moaning . 
  front national , ukip and lega nord ( does it even exist anymore ) are far more dangerous and never has the fp\u00d6 even said to leave the euro , leave the eu or destroying the eu like front national stated . 
  anti union laws are n't helping either . 
  from what i have learned liberals are for as much freedom possible and freedom of speech , the division of violence and so on . 
  i personally never have heard of any libertarians in europe so i just took the american definition . 
  i think you mistook me . 
  liberals are n't libertarians . 
  please look it up . 
  one of your guys biggest problems is your voting system . 
  there are only two parties and not like in most european countries socialist , conservatives , right wingers , greens and liberals . 
  your goverment system is kinda outdated and the division of the three powers large does n't exist . 
  in the 18 . hundert your system was the most innovative , but you never thought on developing it further . 
  i have heard the american population is n't very revolutionary anymore . 
  also big media corporations more or less control the information in murica . 
  who believes in the nice old men ? 
  the libertarians ? 
  you know what i mean . 
  the great british empire will never fall , what an ignorant statement it was . 
  you forgot something . 
  the world evolves faster and faster . 
  it took us hundret of thousands of years for the first humans to form empires . 
  most of our history plays in about 5000 year spectrum . 
  it was just 200 years between electricity and the internet and the world has become smaller and smaller . 
  you can send a person a message from the other end of the world in seconds and travel to any place in a day . 
  did n't your empire collapse too ? 
  like the roman empire got bigger and bigger , but the problems did n't get solved and through external pressure the roman empire broke apart . 
  no wonder the french sucked at war after the disappearence of line combat . 
  we are n't poor and bitter , we are rich and grumpy . 
  also there is a very distinct food culture in the alps . 
  because of alm economy there are lots of milk and cheese related dishes . 
  like [ kaspresskn\u00f6del ] ( https://www.google.at/search?q=kaspresskn%c3%b6del&amp;client=firefox&amp;hs=hv8&amp;rls=com.yahoo:de:official&amp;channel=sb&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=vow6u7_4fab64qt034hoba&amp;ved=0cagq_auoaq&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=1033 ), 
  also we got potato dumplings ( kartoffelkn\u00f6del ) with all kinds of fillings , savory or sweet . 
  prepare to get fat , everything has fat , sugar or both in them and whipped cream . 
  it 's tasty , the price depends on where you get the coffee . 
  in viennese cafes it 's more pricy . 
  is n't that a 15 year old girl you are decribing ? 
  immigrating from one beer nation to another . 
  stupid sexy flanders . 
  i do n't mean they are idiots . 
  in the movie the goverment is sponsored by all kinf of companies and so they changed the flag so all are included . 
  if we wanted we could just embargo them , just kidding , still your country is way to expensive . 
  ^ but ^ we ^ got ^ better ^ coffee ^ and ^ food, 
  could they just change the us flag to the flag from idiocracy ? 
  the big problem is you can not take the crops back from nature . 
  once the seeds have been sown their polls and dna will spread and a similar other plant could pick up the genes too . 
  so you then got these nearly impossible to kill plants whoch can ruin the harvest . 
  in austria the movement is very strong and i support it . 
  most products are bought locally too support the farmers . 
  a lot of people rather buy for example cucumbers from austrian farmers even if they are more expensive . 
  no definitly latvia . 
  why would we even be pictured as enemies ? 
  we enjoy good relations with russia . 
  you have been found guilty for treason !, 
  the nice agents from the secret police will now escort you to your new home , the gulag 2.0, 
  in austria it 's either a viennese caf\u00e9 ( only in vienna ) and elsewhere the gasthaus, 
  city planing is more than that . 
  the planers have to consider how much highways will be needed , how many schools built , hospitals run and generally creating an atmosphere , which is n't killing you . 
  ban , ban everything ... 
  stupid poles , they copied our flag !, 
  maybe the situation got better . 
  you have to say you got the home supiriority in the winter war . 
  in upper austria we got lots of cider and farmers often produce all kinds of different alcohol and other products . 
  i even saw met ( mead ) . 
  then there is also bacon , cheese and schnaps . 
  we drink so much even more then the germans . 
  if you want to speak with most people you have to have acceptable german with the perk of being able to speak austrian . 
  nothing is more frowned upon as being german ( not bavarian ) .
