  we never get mentioned in this sense . 
  we are forever damned to just be the butt of pedo jokes , while those stupid skands get all the lorberries !, 
  have n't you heard ? 
  the eu-parliament and the un decided that the balkans are their own continent . 
  the only problem was for everybody the balkans started south of them . 
  but what does one gain by becoming e-citizen ? 
  there has to be a reason why this was made possible . 
  why should i become e-citizen ? 
  why should i become e-citizen ? 
  why ? 
  that would be belgium and austria is recognised , not liberland . 
  liberland is not a country and wo n't ever be . 
  now propaganda is called pr . 
  well , your alcohol is still dirt cheap in comparison to our alcohol . 
  do n't worry , alcohol is still dirt cheap . 
  if the sund ever freezes over i will come over there and find a dane to wip you . 
  well , calling one rum\u00e4nen and the other roma helps . 
  sadly not available in your country . 
  we have to thank them for all of their coffee tough . 
  want to send some hussars to wien to help us ? 
  then what was used in the other cases ? 
  a bow ? 
  a spear ? 
  there are also modern bows , is that an oximoron too for you ? 
  let me guess : those guys are standard in the turkish playgirl . 
  i do n't think i would ever say that about a sport , but your wrestling is totally gay . 
  but why are they sticking their hands in the other ones pants ? 
  how exactly do you play this sport ? 
  it just looks like some greasy dudes having a bit of foreplay about who will dominate the other . 
  ftfy, 
  i was making a joke about only eating bread and drinking beer , like during lent . 
  or fastenzeit . 
  lent is a bitch . 
  everybody of the old empire , without bosnia , never again . 
  we already got our revenge ... 
  you are n't and germany also is n't . 
  we make our own eu with gambling and hookers . 
  perfekt !, 
  stupid serbs !, 
  you are not serbs , not bulgarians and not that weird groups , that albanias are and in no way greeks , so what are you ? 
  but you are bulgarians . 
  bosnia , like you see on the map , is not included as we learn from our past mistakes . 
  you can have that shithole !, 
  that was no question . 
  let 's invite hungary too and slovakia and ... fuck it , everyone is [ invited ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2a/greater_austria_ethnic.svg/2000px-greater_austria_ethnic.svg.png ) . 
  / r/paradoxplaza offers a royal marriage . 
  do you accept ? 
  people seem to forget that racisism is universal . 
  `` nobody will conquer norway as long as we still have good relations with sweden and russia . 
   sweden . . what are you doing ? 
  d : do n't let the germans through , please no ! '', 
  this thing is dead and buried . 
  get over it . 
  you say there should be no violence , but are also against a referendum , saying that that would support ethnic cleansing , so how should everyone decide ? 
  wars were the solution of the past , what are your solutions for the present ? 
  of course , we are the reason for everything evil in the balkans . 
  sorry that we did n't hand over all the balkans to the serbs , that the duke got assasinated not being able to realise his goals , that hitler got elected in germany , we are everything wrong with the balkan . 
  yeah , because all these serbs are a small group . 
  that 's why i said that for the promise of a referendum serbia would drop all claims on kosovo . 
  if the majority votes for staying the claims would still be dropped . 
  or do your people fear that they would lose as the majority of the population does n't want to be a bosnian ? 
  so the people who want this are n't eligible to decide ? 
  the serbs in bosnia want to serbia and the albanians in kosovo want to join albania . 
  they set up a treaty , in bosnia they have a referendum over the secession of srpska and serbia gives up all their claims over kosovo . 
  also might i remind you who wanted to have all the balkans ? 
  just give them srpska in exchange for kosovo . 
  do the lords get payed ? 
  how the fuck has britain so many seats !, 
  well , he was greek gay and had a lover in his best friend . 
  as far as i know he had no heir . 
  too bad alexander was kinda gay and had no children . 
  being a monarch is the easiest fucking job in europe . 
  but somehow the spanish still managed to fuck up . 
  americans , since like they arrived in america . 
  pumpkinseed oil , it 's delicious and we use it in a lot of pumpkin related food . 
  it 's also very healthy . 
  then there are all the mount foods which are too many to number . 
  as a student easter holidays are also nice and having holidays until tuesdays . 
  you did not just say that !, 
  it depends , but there is always a place for immigrants willing to learn in austria . 
  you know easter is always on a sunday . 
  no , but this system seems flawed . 
  one of todays cornerstones of our democracy is voting incognito . 
  this would then be partly abolished as joining this group would have to be made public to guarantee that nobody was in two groups to garner more votes . 
  the people inside the group or just the leaders would know who joined their group and group pressure could lead to people joining groups they originally did n't want to join but had to because of their enviroment . 
  this could also lead to vote buying as people know who is the leader and what he stands for . 
  for me that system is kinda utopic and prone to fail . 
   i did . 
  first comment . 
  where ? 
   not really . 
  it 's not like you can overthrow everything with just one law . 
  sure , but especially laws , which do n't affect most people or are about a sunject which is n't often talked about , or about stuff which people do n't want to talk about . 
  for example the immigration law , which passed in switzerland . 
  just vote for the think you care about , and ignore the rest . 
  direct democracy does n't mean that the citizen becomes politicians . 
  well , that 's a huge problem , because that means if a group manages to rally their supporters and the rest of the country does not care , it mean the law passes . 
   es , that is always a problem . 
  but , politicians have the problem too , there it 's called lobbyism . 
  with a broader audience the chances for corruption are reduced .
