  i like the church mostly for their cultural value . 
  ps even in in this article austria is never really mentioned . 
  fuck you guys !, 
  no , i think it means they stay together after studying and move to one of their home countries . 
  you are definitly talking from expirience . 
  i am generally surprised how much the us lives in the past . 
  your political system was once the most modern in the world , but it has n't really changed much so it 's now behind the times . 
  for example the winner takes it all . 
  insulting/paroding your politicians never was seen as something which goes against patriotism . 
  also you have seen how the monarchy was betrayed as something so good and flattered them so much , i could even hear them during it . 
  i ca n't understand much but enough . 
  also putin sends his regards . 
  what views from the austrian and german side ? 
  the only glimpses of germans or austrians you get is their armies moving and the main characters stabbing them . 
  also why wo n't this be seen in austria ? 
  you can say that about every country . 
  i 'm not sure , but from the trailer it seems to be a handjob of the danish . 
  germany stabbed everyone . 
  the bastard child between english and german of course . 
  nazis confirmed !, 
  no wonder you guys like sitcoms so much . 
  d\u00e4nisch is just discount deutsch . 
  why is gema such an asshole ? 
  i nearly never have problems with a video being blocked in austria . 
  that 's usual procedure in most super markets . 
  just leave your backpack at the entrance and you wo n't have a problem . 
  most younger people can speak english and also the better educated they are the better english they speak too . 
  what happened in klagenfurt ? 
  the ethnic cleansing begins ... 
  one webiste for local stuff , one for german speaking stuff and another for international stuff . 
  i thought mir means peace ? 
  did n't you call your space station after it . 
  i am impressed that a third of the websites are just multiple versions of the same websites . 
  maybe because in polish it would be unpronouncable . 
  i did n't mean just the camp . 
  good , ye wanker . 
  what a strawman !, 
  hey you are basque and you consider yourself spanish ? 
  you said it 's is n't even polish and want tourists to come to the country for another reason . 
  so give the land to germany . 
  is n't that the reason for the siesta ? 
  it 's too hot to work during noon . 
  who ever said that ? 
  do n't stop speaking english and german !, 
  your accents are hilerious . 
  then give it back to germany . 
  i forgot to clarify what i meant with working : i meant stuff nobody really wants to do and also does not risk any jobs like collecting waste in parks and such . 
  also i think 1000 $ is a bit much because right now people work for that money in a month . 
  would n't that undermine that their work ? 
  i am no expert in spanish politics , those two regions are the only ones i really know someting about . 
  is in austria about the same . 
  to end this conversation i have to say : \u00d6sterreichische krainer , beste krainer !, 
  your state tv or a private company ? 
  sure the rainbow press will get behind , but quality papers , i think not . 
  i find the idea of basic income intriguing , but i see it realistic . 
  how will the basic income be able to get financed ? 
  how much will people get ? 
  what restrictions will people get ? 
  ( e.g. 
  do they have to mandatorily work ), 
  wait , you watch austrian news ? 
  i too feel discriminated . 
  mods ban this filth !, 
  so what about the baques ? 
  they wanted independence for a long time . 
  yeah i too never heard of this . 
  orf normally should have an article at least . 
  but have n't you already kinda reclaimed it ? 
  we are generally proud of our country , i even consider myself a patriot . 
  the greatest song for most austrians is '' [ i am from austria ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=kmsa_xb2h5u ) '' , which is better known than the national anthem and more loved than it . 
  you gave me an idea ... 
  i already knew . 
  nobody wants to live in the north of ukraine . 
  you can seek refugee in austria if you want . 
  i asking myself right now : `` could we win the vote ? '', 
  also what do you do in vienna ? 
  you already have minority rights in austria , which include education in your own language and bilingual road signs in villages with slovenian population . 
  ( to this day nobody really know how many slovenian speaking people , in percent or actual numbers have live in a village ) this would also resolve the krainer conflict and i would be exited to learn slovenian someday . 
  ( already tried russian , gave up ) the only thing you would have to put up is k\u00e4rnten . 
  goodm now eat your gulasch !, 
  it will blow your mind ^ off !, 
  sprengwurst too is something i would necessarily eat . 
  possibly . 
  but i personally never use the train because my village is really off the tracks . 
  wow , you ca n't do that . 
  but we can make it harder for naive teenagers to fly to such a dangerous country . 
  we can educate and discourage fundamentalism . 
  why ? 
  why was she so dumb and fell for this ? 
  i feel sorry for the parents which lost their child . 
  / u/europah , you have some very interesting pics on your computer . 
  no , no , in vic 2 cores never seized to exist . 
  after playing enough vic 2 i am sure there still are cores of the k&k monarchy left so we should go get them . 
  altough theoretically bosnia was our only colony . 
  sure , but you have to persuade slovenia first to join . 
  bohemia also is n't bad , but for the sun definitly croatia . 
  polandball leaks everywhere , you ca n't stop it !, 
  gypsy you are drunk , go home !, 
  you ca n't even cook gulasch . 
  we austrians never have stopped nagging .
