  in german armored vehicles are called radpanzer , which means wheel tank , because well they have normal wheels instead of tracks . 
  all vienna conference countries have agreed to help each other , which includes sending military and police . 
  there are already `` scouts '' at the greek border figuring out how and where to effectivly help . 
  hungary also helps building a fence and serbia has already mobilised its army just in case . 
  what are you ? 
  the more you know ... 
  / r/germany can sing song about it . 
  the germans are already starting to occupy the island with their towels and fortifications are being built at the beaches . 
  more at 8 o'clock . 
  how !? 
  it 's written words !, 
  sorry , i 'll stop teasing you now . 
  how could my sentence be interpreted any other way than my intended one ? 
  i do n't get your comment . 
  he is saying that russia is probably looking for some people to kidnapp and exchange for their spies . 
  i just said i doubt that an austrian/german or any other nationality would be useful as estonia would n't give a shit about it . 
  as long as you are n't an estonian should n't it be safe ? 
  good , all according to plan ... did i write that out loud ? 
  lose cynical 10 % chance to become zealous, 
  how so ? 
  but trying to commit large scale fraud is much harder , because of all the people needed . 
  in other news : the latvian potato reserves were raided last night and over half the national stockpile is missing . 
  putin responded to the alligations that russia had to do with this move with a press conference during a potato rich meal in which he said , `` we do not need latvian potatoes . '', 
  yes ? 
  why should they have to ? 
  well did he ever say noah 's ark was real and happened the way it is described , or are you just pulling this out of your arse . 
  when you finish school at age 15 it 's most likely hauptschule and you most likely start an apprenticeship . 
  to be fair , their german accents and speech are horrible . 
  what do you even try to say ? 
  the raf has n't been active since it disbanded and these three steal money for their retirement . 
  the raf in itself not , but the former members do still exist and these three have been on the run for quite some time . 
  they probably tried to steal enough money for retirement , like last time . 
  apparently none of the english news sites can afford someone speaking german . 
  these misquotes happen quite often . 
  but still , why would he want to remove the majority of his population , which he has no problem with ? 
  i just have law as a little side subject , but i reckon there a fuck ton of work to draft a new constitution and so much you have to keep in mind . 
  and even if the eu does n't collapse ( likely ) being bigger has a lot of advantages to being all small countries . 
  the only question remains , do we get back the kaiser , or not and of course how to develope a national identity , probably through learning lots of languages to make communication more viable and not so dependent on english . 
  you could always join as the whole country . 
  * wink * * wink * * nudge * * nudge *  and then the other k&k countries too , exept bosnia . 
  fixed it . 
  maybe in latin like switzerland ? 
  we need to find a catchy name . 
  how about calling it the `` donaubund '' or in english danubian federation ? 
  you wot !, 
  after 10 years you can request citizenship . 
  you of course have to do a test . 
  you could join too , if you wanted to ... 
  why would he want to ? 
  he is the kronprinz of bayern . 
  he has all the power he wants and can influence a lot more in his current position , especially since the cdu is dependent on the party support . 
  hey , hey , some still suffer from ptsd from that day . 
  shsh , not tears . 
  you will become our first expansion of the new austrian empire . 
  where is the ikea commercial when you need it ? 
  i agree , that women also should have to do service , but saying that europe is overpopulated is false . 
  but not in europe . 
  in germany and austria , pharmacies are very regulated . 
  licenses are given out by population . 
  you ca n't just open another one freely . 
  nic cage , lord of war ? 
  yes , nic cage , lord of war . 
  probably because of all the swiss mercs they used . 
  everyone still wants revenge after you introduced your schwedentrunk in germany and austria . 
  hey , do n't be so mean . 
  the shit bus drivers have to put up would break most . 
  i do n't mean the collapse of the banking system , but a computer error or something . 
  well , what if the banking system fucks up ? 
  * vic2, 
  because we were small enough we got sanctioned after the \u00d6vp ( conservative ) and the fp\u00d6 ( right wing ) made a coalition . 
  we got sanctioned before after it went public that our president was in the wehrmacht . 
  at the same time during our sanctioning italy had a rightwing coalition , but they were too important to just outright sanction . 
  it 's easier to hit on small austria than italy . 
  there is a reason why swiss mercenaries were everywhere in europe . 
  the country was poor and mercenary work was one of the best ways of supporting your family . 
  that changed during the industrial revolution . 
  the thing is , without nuclear weapons the timeline during ww2 would have gone differently and would have developed completly differently . 
  the reason why large scale direct wars largely seized to exist are nukes . 
  it 's quite funny how similar austrians and slovenians are . 
  but do we need them ? 
  i mean how often do police shootouts happen ? 
  in the us they are a favourable alternative , because those fuckers shoot every second suspect . 
  it depends on who owns them for what . 
  in both germany and austria most guns are hunting rifles and not handguns like in the us . 
  that 's ck2 . 
  just because i called croatian a dialect of the south slavic language you all speak down there does n't mean there is no croatian . 
  the german language has loads of dialects and and two dialect groups , but they are still the same overall language even if the dialects sometimes do n't understand each other . 
  did i ever say croatian does n't exist ? 
  like i said , they are dialects of the same language . 
  question : are n't all three languages just dialects of each other ? 
  in austria if you want to study one of these languages you learn all three as one study . 
  i played as austria and made an army of spherelings out of the balkan . 
  albania was split between yugoslavia ( with no claim to croatia or slovenia and greece . 
  i pretty much beat the ottoman out of most of europe . 
  makes me want to start up vic2 again . 
  a lot of tanks in ww2 were sabotaged by the forced labourers in the factories . 
  give them some time , they need to find some revolutionaries to insert . 
  conscripts are of course worse than professional soldiers , but in different ways . 
  defending is not as difficult as attacking . 
  they just have to follow orders and fortify their positions .
