  and with a strong constitution you can also stop dangerous populism to a degree . 
  the same thing which prevents politicians now from doing to absurd things btw . 
  when did i say something about corruption ? 
  i hate lobbyism too , but i am more in favour of a corporatistic modell , which eliminates lobbyism largly . 
  populism is a force to be reckoned with and with a very direct democracy this can get worse coupled with lobbyism as a lot of people get influenced easily . 
  hey , i was in athens and expected a 3rd world country . 
  i was n't, 
  while i see the advantages to a more direct democracy , the disadvantages override these . 
  in a direct democracy you essentially are constantly asked to be completly informed and to have been informed on nearly everything . 
  that is utterly impossible for most . 
  even i as a very politics interested person am not completly informed . 
  then there is the issue of populism . 
  sure , there has always been populism in politics , but why do you think the fp\u00d6 wants a direct democracy in austria ? 
  because that helps them . 
  even in switzerland you see rising problems , like that immigration referendum . 
  most swiss did n't want it , but the supporters were able to mobilise better . 
  now they are dealing with the fallout of it , which could potentially mean to get thrown out of schengen . 
  come on einstein , explain me a better one . 
  liberia has never been really peaceful or free for that matter . 
  no meth ? 
  i am disappointed it was n't meth . 
  you forgot unlimited sick days . 
  it 's easy to forget that if you lived with this security all your life . 
  i kinda like our system . 
  maybe because we in austria have very good jobeducation with lehre and such so less go to university ? 
  in austria it 's cheaper . 
  you know it that we use day : month : year in europe . 
  my argumentation would be that estonia does n't look like anything sexrelated . 
  southern erd\u00e4pfelsalat is better !, 
  i do n't know how old the map is they got , but j\u00f6rg haider has been dead for some time now . 
   ... one of the fist nations pushing for better relations . 
  meh , it 's not even worth exploiting the unemployed , bad capitalist . 
  well , you might find it stupid , but the orf is a good and is worth watching if you are interested in judt about everything . 
  if you have a tv or any other device you watch tv on , in austria you have to pay a fee . 
  the orf is faf better than any commerical tv in austria . 
  there are no commercial breaks in films or other shows and the advertisment that is there is minimal . 
  in the us i once wanted to watch a film only to have to sit through 10min of commercials for 15min of film . 
  is orf only financed by the tax and advertisments ? 
  i think with goverment grants they mean money directly from the goverment . 
  does n't work in austria , we banned google streetview because of privacy concerns . 
  for the eu i would like a mix of representive democracy , federalism and corporatism . 
  the corporatism in this mix would then be able to hold the lobbyism at bay . 
  that 's the problem . 
  as long as a dictator has at least one big buddy friend the un ca n't do very much . 
  there reason why the korean war even worked was because of china abstaining and not vetoing . 
  and for changing the system , it 's the same problem you got in the us : those who would have to change are those who are most benefiting at the moment . 
  the un-peace keepers are only what they were meant to be , peace keepers . 
  there was no peace , only war . 
  the big problem that the us has , the goverment tries to be the world police . 
  it ca n't be that , nobody can alone . 
  the uno should be that , but having five crooked judges in the highest ranks does n't work well . 
  but the us has made progress and learned of their past mistakes by not going leroy jenkins into battle without an un-resolution in it 's hands , which is good . 
  never confuse the people of a country with their goverment . 
  i also hate the inability of the eu to have a united foreign policy . 
  the is was born in iraq , but then moved to syria because there was vacuum of power . 
  i know nobody expects something from austria , but i can still criticise the us . 
  the us has intellegence bases all over europe , turkey , the middle east , africa and asia , are you really equating this to the us 's amount of bases ? 
  the us has no one contesting their power so they are more laissez fair in their approach . 
  ok , let 's bring something up which affects the world currently . 
  the us support for iraq . 
  they delivered weapons , chemicals for biological weapons and trained their troops . 
  now the us helped kuwait in the 1 . 
  gulf war , but the second one was unjustified . 
  leaders of army and religious fundamentalists then met in prison and because of this we got the is . 
  another one ? 
  afganistan . 
  the us delivered weapons to the taliban and guess what happened , they then turned on the us , the us deposed of the taliban regime , but the country is in chaos . 
  nice work , also drones . 
   this may come as a surprise but both sides did fucked up shit during the cold war . 
  i 'd like to think we 've improved somewhat since then ( while still not perfect ) . 
  i never said that the us was the only one , but the other ones did n't proclaim , that they want to spread democracy and freedom . 
  you come off as hypocrite if you then sponsor a coup etat , because they did n't elect whom you wanted to be elected and who then implements policies which do n't benefit the us interests but his own country . 
  the us stopped it , even now . 
  saudi arabia is your ally for fucks sake . 
  the cold war has ended more than 20 years ago and most do n't remember the shit the us has done . 
  think about it this way : the same can be said about russia in south america . 
  the russians were nicer than the us so they like them better . 
  oh , sorry , want to join up again with slovenia maybe ? 
  together we would be stronger . 
  ok , you romanian are even more cynical , and you got good wine . 
  austrians ( most ) did n't get involved in the goverment until 1918 , there was never really a liberal time periode as in prussia or elsewhere and that shows . 
  yes , we all were ruled by monarchs , but austria was essentially without a break constantly ruled by the habsburg and nobody else . 
  we austrians are n't very revolutionary , being ruled for 600 years under one monarch left us rather authoritative and gem\u00fctlichkeit is a reaction to `` we ca n't do fuckall '' . 
  but yeah , maybe some slavic nature also transcended to austria . 
  ok , if you liked the viennese romania must be even more cynical then them . 
  we austrians are cynical as fuck and in no way positive . 
  fifth partion . 
  in which part were you ? 
  still your richest and best bundesland , piefke . 
  i mostly hang out in / r/de and / r/austria . 
  we do n't want you anways . 
  world domination ? 
  mainly austria , bosnia , croatia , czechia , hungary , slovenia , slovakia as the rest was absorbed into other states . 
  in austria do n't even dare to mention any privatisation of the water services , that would be political suicide . 
  austria does n't have much natural ressources but we got water . 
  almost all utility services ( water , waste , sewage ) are owned collectivly and fairly cheap . 
  only electricity is privat , but i would like that collectivly owned too , with internet , but i guess you ca n't have everything . 
  if you want to start a family austria is pretty good , exept for toddler or baby care . 
  or like south africa . 
  no , france is under the box .
