  g\u00fclen must have the tightest network of all for tens of thousands to be all involved in the coup and nobody spilling the beans . 
  rome was repeadidly sacked and the logistics of supplying such a large city broke down . 
  death and taxes , the two truths of our lives . 
  it 's similar in austria and we even have the right to adopt for civil unions . 
  civil unions are basically equal and there is no drive to change this . 
  homosexuality and gender issues are generally things people do n't discuss . 
   how is this a tesla competitor , those are 2 totally different companies ... ? 
  they are competitors in the battery and electric engine department and that matters . 
  those two are the important parts of electric cars and the designs around are of more minor priority . 
  austria does n't produce a lot of cars , far fewer than most nations around us , because austria is in the supply belt of the german car industry . 
  we produce a ton of the car parts and kreisel just integrates into this system . 
  instead of trying to make everything themselves they just focus on a niche and try to excel in their niche . 
  this means that they have less need for borrowing and can lead their company like they want . 
   they are ** better ** germans basically . 
  bavarians are n't germans . 
  who calls a whole country after a castle !, 
   we 're the nazis now - you can be next . 
  please , austria is always under suspicion of being nazis . 
  after a former wehrmacht soldier became president ( 30 after the war ; he did n't commit any war crimes ) he was basically dead to all foreign powers . 
  the chancellor had to take over the duties . 
  after the fp\u00d6 got into the government we got sanctioned , while italy literally had fascists in their government , but because it 's a powerful nation the eu did n't give a shit . 
   the austro-hungarian empire . 
  nice . 
  would like to play that again . 
  we do n't need no stupid germans . 
  from what i have heard from most eastern europeans they would happily pay to ship them all overseas . 
  most people only care about germans south of the [ wei\u00dfwurst\u00e4quator ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wei%c3%9fwurst%c3%a4quator#/media/file:karte_wei%c3%9fwurst%c3%a4quator.png ) . 
  no own state ? 
   28.163 from ministry of education how does the school system cope with this massive loss of teachers , professors and such ? 
  funny thing is , our politicians all currently feud with turkey . 
  it 's quite fun getting insulted by some akp politician every week . 
  we have n't been this united since we started hating the piefke . 
  slovakia is part of greater vienna and with that i mean pressburg . 
  the difference between bratislava and the rest of slovakia is just so utterly staggering . 
  geil does n't only mean horny , just so you know . 
  the question seem ridiculously ambigious . 
  for one no one , exept for the turkish minority , likes turkey , erdogan and nobody believes that erdogan is this defender of democracy . 
  then there is the issue of the turks in austria , which are generally disliked for their fanatic love of turkey and putting turkey before their country they were born and raised in . 
  the dislike of turkey has only increased since the refugee crises . 
  the merkel deal is seen as something absurdly stupid , the concessions to turkey as unacceptable and the constant threatening to open the floodgates if turkey does n't get visa freedom ( altough it does n't meet the requirements ) have agitated most people . 
  your politicians then constantly insulting us makes us only feel better about ourselves and the stupid turks . 
  all in all turkey is the perfect enemy to bring people together against . 
  nobody likes turkey . 
  den haag does n't mess with the us as the us did n't ratify the treaty in which they would be subject to their judgement . 
  poland was pretty sparsely populated at the time . 
  no way for the plague to run amok . 
  we could also have written `` roma beggers '' instead of handbag thieves , rum\u00e4nien . 
  please , come back !, 
  see you at the feast . 
  do n't forget to bring butter . 
   whatever the reason , two dictators becomming boosom buddies again is not good . 
  they are n't even close to becoming something even close to allies . 
  they still have totally opposite interests in tons of matters . 
  you are being paranoid . 
   remember the last time that happened . 
  polland sure does . 
  putin and erdogan dividing up their spheres of influences ? 
  laughable . 
  they are rivals in most matters , crimea , armenia , syria , kurds . 
  the molotov-ribbentrop pact was only made to make sure that the other party does n't intervene in their affairs . 
   i heard that some time ago erdo sent a letter to the pilot 's family , but nothing recent , yet the russians are pretending like he gave a grovelling appology , beggin putin to bring back trade . 
  you have to read in between the lines . 
  erdogan made his apology as interpretal as possible to avoid his image getting damaged . 
  the form of apology and the sincerity does n't matter , both erdogan and putin know who won the face off . 
   i doubt that has happened , because turkey 's main problem is the rising terrorism and not the lack of russian tourist . 
  it definitly happened because of tourism and vegetable exports . 
  it 's season and tons of hotels are only half full and the prices of hotels beds are in the cellar . 
  russian tourists may not alliviate most losses , but it is something to help the industry to survive another year . 
   seems like putin tried to unshit himself because bussiness is pressuring him and erdo is n't toi quick to deny it , because if the benefits . 
  the whole conflict was about who has more leverage on the others country and putin won . 
  putin did minimal damage to his own country with the near outright ban on turkish vacations . 
  there are enough other holiday spots around the world and erdogan knows that . 
  this standoff is a propaganda victory for putin and the fact that erdogan sent a letter feeling sorry for the family of the pilot is a acknowledgement of defeat . 
  the sanctions no longer benefit putin so he can discontinue them . 
  it 's called projection of power . 
  putin showed that he can fuck turkey 's economy up with little harm to himself and erdogan folded , because of his situation . 
  it 's always how politics was done . 
  they suck ? 
   or even germany is garbage . 
  you have n't had german bread then . 
  stupid american . 
  but it was n't thanks to italy , your country was dragged behind the entente . 
  did n't change much in ww2 . 
  still , we were n't as incompetent as italy , which only had one front and could gain territory . 
  do you really think that austria-hungary would n't draft people just because they did n't know german ? 
  they drafted them and also instructed them in their native language , the higher command just issued the commands in german . 
  yes , but there were still divisions of all the people and altough the officer language was german the foot soldiers still spoke their respective language . 
  yeah , austrian german is really heterogenic . 
  belgium counts as a battlefield not as a faction . 
  the soldiers should shout in german , hungarian , czech , slovak , polish , ukrainian , slovenian , serbo-croatian and romanian . 
  the empire was very diverse . 
  and god help me if they use northern german accents for the austrian soldiers . 
  there is a difference between only showing factions which fought on the same front and outright ignoring allies which fought side by side . 
  we have good bread , but i doubt it has nazi views . 
  yeah , in my hometown all houses have a bio trash can and even as can for paper , which is huge . 
  do you happen to live in vienna ? 
   i did n't agree to them . 
  well , you can say that about most ~ ~ laws ~ ~ * restrictions * . 
  the categories are n't mutually exclusive . 
  but both poles and ukrainians are n't seen as bad .
