  we like the bavarians more . 
  yeah , standard german sucks . 
  i can stay in standard german , but it feels so alien . 
  do n't forget poland . 
  well standard german is n't much used at all . 
  i am having my matura this year and the oral exam and presentations ( in anticipation of the oral exam ) is the only place you use it in . 
  in every company you use dialect and you generally do n't speak much standard . 
  it 's also really tiring to speak it . 
  no , that 's not the case . 
  think about it like czech and slovakian . 
  they are similar but not quite the same and now think about a czech coming to slovakia and work there only to demand that the work language has to be czech . 
  germans are sometimes worse at integrating than other migrants with them refusing to lay off their infirior dialekt . 
  there are two types of people in germany , bavarians and the rest . 
  you are just mad you lost twice against us , but thanks for the coffee . 
  the bloody criminals are coming back !, 
  tell that the greens . 
  they got one seat for one million votes . 
  read up on manifest destiny . 
  it 's the prototype of the lebensraum idea . 
  america is the hipster of the world . 
  fought for lebensraum before it was cool . 
  in the next decade or so california will become a spanish speaking country , so no problem . 
  well , i 'll wait for the results . 
   the point was that you do n't need a dedicated executive and legislative to have a legal system . 
  but the thing is these are low tech societies . 
  the more developed a society becomes the more differentiated it gets . 
  so the legal system also develops . 
  laws are made so that everyone will get along without problems , because we often do n't have any personal connection to the victim . 
  if you are thrown out of the clan this can be a death sentence as you lose everything . 
  this is n't the case right now . 
  also it is even mentioned that xeer is unique to somalias region . 
  most tribal system used the an eye for an eye and the stronger is right . 
   hierarchy is n't the problem , being forced into one is . 
  there 's been -- one could argue that there currently are -- anarchist armies , which are by necessity hierarchical . 
  wan na fight ? 
  fine . 
  how to do that efficiently ? 
  listen to the people who seem to know what they 're doing . 
  yes , but you are talking about mercenaries . 
  mercenary companies in the middle ages for example were built on the leadership of the captain and his sergeants . 
  but the problem was and is , they are loyal to the captain , not the settlement they are protecting . 
  one missed payment could mean that the captain orders the looting of the settlement . 
   generally speaking , such hierarchies are merit-based . 
  i get that groups are merit based , but societies are masses . 
  a mass has no particular goal or leader . 
  how for example should projects ( roads , electrical systems , water ) be financed if you ca n't be forced into a society ? 
  what about taxes ? 
  why should i want to change your utopic view ? 
  you are so few people , so you wont change anything in a democratic society . 
  but i am interested in ideas which i can incorporate into my own `` ideology '' . 
  the thing about xeer is , what i could gather from a small wikipedia article , not based on laws and was developed for a tribal being . 
  now call me cynical , but how should this exactly work in an industrialised country ? 
  fraud , manslaughter and murder and a whole bunch of other things ca n't just be resolved with trying to satisfy everyone . 
  xeer also seems to be very dependent on the clan system in somalia , which is very close knit . 
  we have n't got any clan system anymore and in a lot of cities you do n't even know your neighbour . 
  but moving on . 
  how can anarchy have a big organisation without having a hirarchy ? 
  and how is a anarchist society supposed to defend itself from outsiders as in an army you ca n't just vote on , `` should we attack or not ? '', 
  anarchy in your sense is nice and good as long as everyone plays by the rules , but what about criminals ? 
  voting in court to see if someone is guilty ? 
  but it is associated with chaos . 
  there is a reason why we call a caotic time with no goverment or riots in the streets with looting and destruction anarchy . 
  the problem is you often ca n't structure everything democratically , it 's impossible to do so and i do n't think anarchism would ever survive in a climate with outsiders with are n't anarchists themselves . 
  better organised ; more ressources ; better equipped . 
  like i said , a better organised group . 
  i know , but as soon as a better organised group comes it wipes the floor with your little communities . 
  but they lost . 
  \u00c4hem , but that is not how any of this works . 
  as soon as you have any organisation you will get organisational structures . 
  the prblem is as soon as the band together further new state structures will emerge and ultimatly you will relive all the time periods of human kind . 
  despotism , feudalism ... and if you got neighbours , yeah good luck convincing them not to invade you . 
  you mean the catalonian free state ? 
  which got crushed in a few years ? 
  i still do n't get how anarchy should work out . 
  if germany pays , if germany pays , i guarantee you austria wo n't . 
  any politician would lose his face in the public and we still have the moskauer deklaration , if you like it or not . 
  officially we still were the first victim and guess what , we are gon na use it . 
  that 's why you got federalism in the first place . 
  your town surely does n't have such big problems ? 
  federal is for stuff everyone is affected by , state for people in this state and counties and town are for an even smaller scale . 
  my problems is just that fptp is easily manipulated and keeps those which have their power basis more spread out , but still in the majority in power . 
  do n't forget gerrymandering . 
  but why should germany ? 
  just because some let themselves be guilt tripped into paying a broke `` reparations '' . 
  especially if someone sets a pr\u00e4senz , you could suddenly see all sorts of country try to shake out some money . 
  while i acknowledge the fact that a lot of austrians partook in the nazi regime , fuck no . 
  why should we ? 
  almost everyone which was n't a toddler or small child 1945 is dead and it 's stupid to feel guilt about it . 
  noone would support this in austria anyways . 
  we have our own little greece to cope with , risen from the body of a dead rightwinger . 
  but do n't get complacent . 
  it 's a bitch to get rid off . 
  you know what always bothers me about your system ? 
  this `` local '' representation ideal , which is pretty bs . 
  what do i care if i have a local representative if he has completly opposite views of me and has a different agenda ? 
  would n't a proportional system be better for really furthering your interests ? 
  i have seen some argument : `` those in the city will then do everything to hurt us countrside people ! '' . 
  really ? 
  how can one be so paranoid to assume this . 
  and do n't even bring to your electorial college .
