  maga , maga indeed !, 
   by contrast , how do you non-slavic europeans feel about slavic people ? 
  western and southwestern slavs are pretty similar to austrians as we influenced each other a lot during the last 500 years of common rule . 
  i even feel that they are a lot more similar to us than we are to northern germans or piefke . 
   do you group us all in the same category , ( e.g `` oh , serbian people , goddamn ruskies '' ) or are we different to you ? 
  for most there are the former empires slavs , balkan slavs and the eastern slavs . 
  somehow we like former empire slavs more than the others . 
  i personally would have no problem with the empire reuniting , but that 's just me . 
  no , but you totally missinterpreted / u/thebravestfart 's comment . 
  if you currently get welfare from the state you more or less need it . 
  yes , there are some who abuse the system , but abuse happens in every system , we can only try to minimise it as much as possible . 
  with bi people then can just stay lazy and have no responsibility to better themselves . 
  they can be lazy bums and live of the few others which still work . 
  no , not like now . 
  you replied to the wrong guy . 
  europe should go full fallout and heat with nuclear reactors in every house . 
  yeah , that would be maroni . 
  they are delicious . 
  we beat germany , that matters the most . 
  they can leave , nobody in austria cares about britain anymore . 
  sure , we would be glad if they stayed , but they wo n't get any more priviliges . 
  they can leave but should n't expect any preferential treatment . 
   to russia , being number 1 means conquering its neighbors . 
  the us did the same , you just called it `` manifest destiny '' . 
  only you did n't have any neighbours which were a threat . 
  the eu uses its own calculation . 
  the eu calculation is less tough than austria 's calculation . 
  you monsters !, 
  no , you just said `` who benefits from the euro '' and austria benefits from it . 
  it also did n't help that there was loads of tax evasion and constant forging of numbers . 
  if the troika would n't have found out about it the greece would not have stopped until it came to an even bigger crash . 
  most austrians at this point would be in favour to just seize as much property as possible and then forgive the rest of the debt . 
  we would n't see that money until 2100 anyways . 
   they basically set fire to our capital and several historians has described it as a terror attack . 
  of course would you describe it as a terrorist attack . 
  pearl harbour can also be described as a terrorist attack . 
   sure it matters the general opinion in denmark was against the third reich , and that lead to the danish resistence movement who saved our jews amongst other things . 
  yes , you got out your jews but jews were n't vital to the war and you still have n't answered the question . 
  do you think a fascist regime in denmark could have contributed any more to the war ? 
  i say no . 
  what do you say ? 
  and nobody has any sympathy for germany , telling is n't it ? 
   to be honest i do n't like the comparison as we allied napolion only after the brits did what has been discribed as the first terror attack in the world . 
  that 's called a preemtive strike , not a terrorist attack . 
  the japanese did the same with pearl harbour . 
   also we never allied with the third reich , we where infact neutral until being forcefully occupied by hitlers germany , and their was never any enthusiasm for nazism , ... 
  does that really matter ? 
  denmark was still a complacent occupied country . 
  soldiers wanted to be stationed there , because it was that nice . 
  ask yourselve this : would have denmark helped any more if a fascist regime had taken power in denmark instead of denmark being occupied by germany ? 
  i 'd argue not really . 
  do n't be annoyed . 
  every country had their collaborateurs and danes are n't very famous for being defiant against dictators trying to unite europe under their rule . 
  napoleon being another example . 
  do you now understand why your fascists like/d vikings so much ? 
  nothing feels better than being both respected and/or feared by people . 
  denmarks history from the end of the kalmar union forward to present day is honestly pathetic . 
  there are only two times i can recount that denmarl grew in the last 300 years , greenland and the referendum about the northern part of jutland . 
  to be fair most people love vikings . 
  it was pretty much the time in which the nordics had the most influence and were most relevant to the world . 
  the kalmar union and the swedish golden age could be counted too , but they ca n't top the viking age as a whole . 
  please . 
  vikings are alive and well in popular culture . 
  basically all germanic mythology has been nordified . 
  you were the holiday location for german military . 
  even paris was n't such an easy occupation . 
  you ca n't have everything . 
  well , the biggest height around rotterdam is literally a waste dump . 
  i am pretty sure he is using reverse psychology . 
  i do n't think you get the issue . 
  people just do n't care about if gay marriage exists or not . 
  in a survey people may answer yes , but nobody does anything for legalising it apart from some very minor groups . 
  parties most of the time do n't even talk about gay marriage in any meaningful way , because every politician knows that making it an issue does nothing for party popularity . 
  at least it fucks over the danes . 
  but that costs more than 1000 $ . 
  what does that mean ? 
   why did you start learning czech ? 
  because i wanted to learn a new language and czechia is a neighbouring country ( i study in linz ) . 
  i thought that this was one of the more useful languages to study . 
   you got some czech ancestry ? 
  yes , i have czech ancestry as my great grandma was born in the region of the bohemian forest and lived there until 1945 and you probably know what happened then , but it has no bearings on wanting to learn the language . 
   czech as a slavic language is pretty hard to non-slavic speakers . 
  yeah , but that 's nothing that ca n't be overcome with some work . 
  if all goes well i 'll try learning some more ( slavic ) languages . 
  they are after all very similar . 
  none , but thanks . 
  i need to learn the structure and grammar ( and my current vocabulary ) before really diving into specialised vocabulary . 
  after having finished the basics ( b1 ) i could probably use your help , but sadly not before that . 
  and you are like 80 % austrian . 
  please . 
  that would be a waste . 
  it 's the right of every man woman and childe to get some kitten mittens to go with their cat boots and cat vest . 
  but most of those who died died in infancy and after you made it to the age of 3-4 you had pretty good survival chances . 
   as a lazy person , is it bad to have kitchen duty ? 
  considering they will not give you the interesting bits of cooking , yes . 
  do you know the stereotypical punishment of peeling potatoes all day ? 
  that will be your punishment . 
  what is it with violent people and facebook live ? 
  maybe i am just expiriencing the baader-meinhof effect , but has n't at least one such crime per month been streamed on facebook ? 
  capitalism has its merits , but it should never be treated as more than a means to an end .
