fuck their culture . 
  their culture ended in a civil war . 
  i get it , in their culture women do that but they came to europe and last i checked we do n't share their culture . 
  also , there is a vast difference between joining the military where you can die or get crippled and cleaning a room . 
  i mean the difference is so big it 's not even funny, 
  no worries , they are sending their young to us too , millions of them, 
  are you autistic . 
  how can you compare those two ? 
  more powerful than obama ? 
  long term maybe but short term i doubt it, 
  gib them pork, 
  they are pretty much invading at this point, 
  i thought we offered too , my bad . 
  i read about it quite a long time ago myself and forgot the exact details, 
  obviously , it 's the capital . 
  btw 4 lei is about an euro so the taxi thing is meh, 
  it was you or russia . 
  btw we offered to join poland when you guys attacked but they said nah, 
  movie name gib, 
  they are failed states, 
  besides the german beer ? 
  pretty much , i had no hope of anything changing about 1-2 years ago and then they went nuts ... 
  we do n't . 
  it just works . 
  right now they are fucking up the pm and the mayor of bucharest is already caught . 
  it simply wreaks havoc, 
  which is ? 
  cause they are old and ca n't put up a fight . 
  why sad ? 
  they were morons, 
  here rent can go for as low as 100 . 
  it 's not easy but you can do it, 
  we do n't care about turks but there 's a strong dislike for russia ( but i doubt russians are loved either ), 
  because our muslims are well behaved and we decide who leads the mosque paid for by the turks . 
  so we absolutely win if this happens, 
  against the rules ? 
  sorry then , deleting it . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  btw any particular online sources relating to this ? 
  it could make for an interesting read ( or two ), 
  i am seriously curious . 
  i know there what you are referring too but ( favoritism ) but i am not sure how clanish the nation itself is . 
  i mean the average ( modern ) romanian family is quite small as an example and we are n't exactly united, 
  how are we clanish ? 
  it 's real , there 's sort of a war between politicians and the justice system going on here, 
  then milk and honey lol, 
  edit wrong word . 
  immigrants, 
  romania :(, 
  shame !, 
  is that like 5 dollars ? 
  if it helps i think over half the eu supports you guys . 
  the baltics , the balkanks and so on . 
  if you spend millions in greece please do so in romania too . 
  we are poorer than them . 
  why are they special ? 
  wtf is with this war blame ? 
  most germans who had anything to do with it are long since dead . 
  the mentality of the country is different . 
  i am not even german and this is such a scummy thing to say it pisses me off . 
  but why do the croats owe you anything ? 
  the greek people voted their leaders , the greeks had the audacity to refuse europe 's offer which they really had no right to in the first place . 
  complain when you deserve the money, 
  rent will adjust to the market so have no worry, 
  we will abandon them together , as a union, 
  you do realize i did n't blame the guy but felt sorry for him seeing how his countrymen behave ( the rural folk europe apparently got ), 
  sorry man , that must suck so bad :( . 
  `` as much a right '' is a really funny sort of statement . 
  piss enough people off and see how fast a populist government takes that right to its limit . 
  if they behave like animals they should be ready to see what rights animals have . 
  if they behave like humans then by all means they should receive all the help they need, 
  they have a `` right '' ? 
  lol the entitlement . 
  if i were a country leader and they said that shit the next day they 'd be expelled faster than they can say `` i haz a right ! '', 
  why is it forbidden ? 
  and are you suggesting some sort of ( not official ) concentration camps ? 
  vaccines are not 100 % effective so even with 100 % vaccinations they could have killed someone, 
  we look like a fish atm . 
  i like that shape, 
  we do n't want them . 
  they do n't want us, 
  how could i find a specific story i never heard ? 
  a guy lost an eye , it may not even had made the newz . 
  i just told you one of a kid getting beaten twice in 5 minutes by the same minority group . 
  for that i can give you sources . 
  if you want a link to his story ask him, 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  a couple months ago a belgian kid asked some gypsies for directions in romania . 
  he got pummeled by said gypsies . 
  after the first pummeling he decided to ask a second group of gypsies for some help ( not 5 minutes after ) . 
  the result ? 
  yep , he got beaten again !, 
  not five minutes after , because he dared ask for directions !, 
  this shit made the news but it surprised few people . 
  now tell me mister `` they are just poor discriminated puppies '' , what are the chances of this happening ? 
  if he was smart and `` racist '' like the rest of us and asked two groups of romanians he 'd have gotten the fucking directions/help . 
  the chances of getting gang beaten by two groups of romanians for no reason not five minutes after are 0 . 
  that same thing is quite possible with gypsies . 
  so yeah , talk about racism and poor gypsies being discriminated against . 
  they are totally not violent and i have absolutely not been robbed by them ( nor do i have friends who have been attacked/harassed/threatened by them .
