  i doubt there would actually be that much noise unless you 'd have 3 + people like that in close proximity . 
  it would just be stupid/ridiculous . 
  the thing to remember is ringing phones are n't that loud , they 're not megaphones . 
  they are about human chatter volume so it 'd be lke 1 in 10 people speaking as far as anyone sleeping would be concerned :p, 
  because people ca n't use vibrate for certain numbers ? 
  because people are too retarded to know how clocks work and ca n't reach a certain place at a certain hour ? 
  yes , we have clocks , radios and cellphones with alarms and calendars now . 
  no need to wake up others with your religious shit . 
  i mean wtf this is not the middle ages anymore, 
  best part is you can have a mandatory check up at whatever age . 
  if parents fuck up they go to prison for mutilating a child . 
  do this to a few , put it in the media enougj , problem stops, 
  agreed as if the degree of mutilation matters . 
  it must be stopped ffs , that 's what matters . 
  but fgm is worse is just retarded . 
  who the fuck cares , it 's fucking mutilation . 
  people man i swear, 
  past tense, 
  how is that fundamentally against german culture ? 
  nobody expects full integration but enough to fit in general . 
  so no death to jews shit and all that, 
  i really really hate the pc everyone is a special snowflake and criminals are just misunderstood saints bs . 
  i mean ffs just recently you have that 15 year old in sweden who killed someone and got no prison, 
  it wo n't unless france helps and i do n't see that happening . 
  if he was in romania he 'd be fucked though, 
  modern equality . 
  france did that . 
  they got the first bus back to france and kept at least 300 euros each, 
  sadly most people believe as you did and then blame easterners for not being accepting and all that . 
  it 's really sad knowing it is n't so and people in eastern europe can be quite friendly in a lot of cases, 
  well of course it 's the same . 
  we all know it ( eastern europeans ) but those holier than thou assholes who ca n't deal with a 10th of our gypsy population find it really easy to preach to us barbarians about taking care of the rroma . 
  fucking hypocrites , i swear this pisses me off to no end . 
  if other countries had n't done that shit i mentioned above and integrated them i 'd agree , we are barbarians , we can do more . 
  but they sent them back and did n't do shit . 
  what a joke . 
  do the french remember sending them back to romania ? 
  the swedes telling us to integrate them and now failing miserably themselves with a mjch smaller number ? 
  it 's really easy to say do this and that when the gypsies are not in your country btw they 'd wreck any new accomodation , it happened before in romania, 
  in spite of our politicians . 
  they are trying really hard to stop this, 
  poland can not into space . 
  to fly is a zbura, 
  for minor offences sure . 
  i doubt murderers are treated that well but that part of the world is pussolified beyond belief : /, 
  prison pretty much sucks . 
  it 's the confinement that gets to you . 
  no idea if you ever lived in a really `` closed '' sort of place with not much to do . 
  it 's a special kind of torture, 
  or lock them for a couple decades . 
  you take a life by intent you forfeit yours, 
  if it comes to pushing it 's justified, 
  just to be early ? 
  that 's it , no vork for you . 
  better in time than early . 
  also , again , why were you one minute early ? 
  nice try . 
  why are you one minute early bro ? 
  what if i am waiting at the door ? 
  why are you a minute early ? 
  they breed faster than they die . 
  they breed a lot, 
  correctly it seems . 
  they also check for ball size, 
  people are greedy, 
  yep , they were scammed lol, 
  they demand their olllld stuff here too . 
  same story i guess, 
  oh well shit happens . 
  let 's hope they fix it fast at least hue hue, 
  swedes are so easy to abuse lol, 
  he could merely be a stupid cunt and have no agenda , no need to deal in absolutes, 
  i remember as a child hearing the name and being like wtf . 
  nobody wants to be fed shit . 
  i much prefer the english name, 
  so the vatican is for abortions when it comes to pregnant minors ? 
  hue hue hue, 
  he ca n't invade , his economy is shit , he can only threathen, 
  i need to go visit greece, 
  yes , russia has every right to be in syria , not in turkish air space, 
  it 's cause you are turkish and againt the ruling i think, 
  a torture device is what now ? 
  agreed but that could change . 
  people are obviously not happy after the recent attacks . 
  reasonable posts are still upvoted a lot of the time , for example about the two dead girls , quite a few people did not hate them and were well up in karma ( on worldnewz , which is considered worse ), 
  and that 's their problem . 
  not all of us do that, 
  there are no right subs/bad subs for discussion , unless you go saying how wonderful children are on subs like cf or something like that . 
  this is about europe and european stuff , most opinions are quite welcome , even if the majority holds a belief or another, 
  quadruple amen . 
  winter is coming !, 
  that burn, 
  natural selection . 
  literally too dumb to live, 
  her friend convinced her . 
  also , she was a new level of stupid, 
  why would any woman support them ? 
  i mean ffs as a man you are treated like a baby/god compared to a woman so if you 're an ahole that 's understandable in a sick way but to be a woman and support this ... 
  hey , some people are into that sort of shit , do n't judge, 
  is that a joke ?
