  in actual terms that is bs, 
  good, 
  you reek of ignorance . 
  kurds in lybia ? 
  do you know where kurds are ? 
  what about lybia ? 
  i am not for deportation of your own citizens just for prison and mandatory classes of some sort, 
  if we legalize gay marriage we will legalize bestiality , that 's your argument right there, 
  we 're talking about fucking slavery . 
  slavery is fucking immoral and thankfully illegal . 
  how the fuck can you be ok with slavery and people actually advocating it , especially in a religion known for going trough a fucked up period ? 
  yes , muslims are more likely to do this shit considering islam is regressing in some parts ( not all islam blah blah ) . 
  again , this is not your usual poliical opinion shit , this is slavery ffs and worse that is a priest quite capable of radicalizing others due to his social position . 
  i am a liberal myself but people like you make me quite careful with the label, 
  if they actually preach it i want them in prison , yes . 
  it says but it does n't preach or accept it officially anymore, 
  no the master is a time lord way smarter than any human . 
  he 's also evil . 
  you can keep it almost empty, 
  this is evil not stupid, 
  he really wants a dose of american freedom \u2122 does n't he ? 
  good way to look even more like a moron . 
  at least it makes it harder for the rest to catch a cold from them, 
  most of us are normal not `` few '', 
  remain needed no campaign . 
  it 's simply better, 
  oh ffs good job isis , we so scared , boo we scared !, 
  bunch of fucking clowns . 
  i have a feeling sugar abuse wacks more people than those clowns, 
  do not use a stone . 
  use a leaf, 
  it 's not even prosecuted , read the article ffs, 
  he did drive the bus, 
  they sound like trash . 
  no wonder they were the children of our politicians . 
  as the saying goes , what is born from a cat eats mice . 
  trash produces trash, 
  2-3 years ? 
  the vatican could take a few itself, 
  that 's pure bull . 
  conservatism today was called liberalism in the past . 
  young generations are overall more open minded ( excluding the shithole called the middle east ) . 
  society gets more liberal , things change for the better but people love to scream murder and complain about everything going down the shitter . 
  the eu , despite facing the hardships it faces , is a prime example . 
  the fact that we ca n't conceive of a major war in europe ( maybe except with russia but even then most people do n't think it 's a real possibility ) is another good example . 
  but sure , the world is ending, 
  to be frank young voters , even if they vote more rarely , tend to vote `` better '' so there 's some hope long term, 
  nobody said his voters are smart, 
  pirates would rather not pirate, 
  i do n't need much security , i do n't think it 's even worth the time to get my passwors, 
  every bit of security can matter and for the paranoid is a blessing, 
  exactly , this shit just makes it easier for criminals to completly fuck people over . 
  oh it 's illegal for you to use adequate protection ? 
  bad luck , nothing is secure anymore . 
  do those morons not understand how important encryption is ? 
  that 's asia, 
  toba is also a musical instrument, 
  yes , the country with a legit honest political party and a huge anti corruption fight . 
  so funny, 
  that attitude is what allowed current bs to rule in russia . 
  politics needs not be all half truths or lies, 
  i think 1-2 hours should be enough ? 
  i would be surprised if americans did n't have airbases and fleets stationed all over europe . 
  you need to organize and move those 600k soldiers . 
  they would have aerial support before any huge force formed and that alone mskes numbers useless, 
  romania *, 
  not all countries are shit like russia so no, 
  they really do n't . 
  they are sort of forgotten about, 
  nobody bothers to order them and they surely have limited stock, 
  their life their choice, 
  that was generations ago already, 
  on `` who listens to experts '', 
  stop all trade and you 'd gain a very bad reputation, 
  the decision is made , gloves are off , they made their bed . 
  they should be given some time but let 's not kid ourselves . 
  they decided they are better off without us and so can we now . 
  we 're no longer partners , friends , this is now strictly business and profit . 
  we wanted it to be different , to build something more but if they refuse to play this way then we can deal that way too, 
  the elites are there to enforce the will of the people \u2122 . 
  if anything we 'd be considerate and respectful of the brits by doing this . 
  they voted to get out asap and we should make sure their will is respected . 
  we would n't kick them out . 
  we 'd force their elites to respect the will of the people \u2122, 
  give it time, 
  how is that so obviously not happening, 
  the educated young half . 
  good way to get massive brain drain, 
  they voted for brexit, 
  the uk is huge . 
  if they are dealt with others will think thrice, 
  you think brexiters understand economy ? 
  what i mean is if they bring them out there will be massive national backlash on them . 
  here they wo n't get protected by the locals and the police will know where to look, 
  we have a very ( all things considered ) well funded secret police . 
  they are rarely heard about outside but inside you 'd do well not to fuck with them . 
  also russian mobs would fare horribly in romania , we hate them , we just do ( russians i mean ) and we are very anti guns , as in we have the lowest amount per citizen in europe . 
  it 's a huge taboo and would end in a huge jail sentence . 
  they are eu citizens . 
  you guys said we suck at integrating them .
