  another example : friend comes over in my city to visit . 
  he enters a park . 
  not five minutes later some gypsies try to mug him !, 
  i am not making this shit up, 
  yes , they can all be true at once . 
  having lived near gypsies for most of my life i can tell you that most of this stuff is a given , especially those that live the country ( pretty much the worst of them ) . 
  they are not civilized by our standards , their culture is one based on thievery . 
  also , there are major differences between your average romanian/bulgarian and a gypsy , we 're very different people . 
  ( except for our ruling elites , they suck ), 
  you need to interact with gypsies before you judge us, 
  that happens . 
  you have no idea what they are like . 
  what he said happened to the letter because this is their culture, 
  what if they killz you ? 
  no support from politicians, 
  it speaks volumes :p, 
  we 're legit bro . 
  i do n't think many romanians expected this to happen . 
  we 're very happy about it . 
  the guy is one of the `` untouchables '' at the moment and one of the most vile spineless creatures alive on this earth, 
  you mean french, 
  moldova is much more related to romania than ukraine and especially than belarus, 
  me too . 
  i know the language thing but otherwise we 're similar i think, 
  half of poland ( blue part ) used to be controlled by russia . 
  red used to be german, 
  still a chess player, 
  he 's a chess player , far from untouchable, 
  i see them every now and then, 
  same in romania ... to the fucking letter . 
  it 's sad really, 
  some of them , those we sent away . 
  the rest of us are busy doing your mom, 
  wtf hungary why tolerate this buffon ? 
  you should do an ama lol, 
  romania and bulgaria are wuve, 
  i 'd accuse him of national treason and fuck him for good, 
  i think moldova actually trusts us to support them in any manner we can . 
  romanians hate russia, 
  would n't you notice the 0 upvotes ? 
  from what i gather since the fight against corruption really took off we started having a nice budget surplus so they can cut taxes now, 
  no idea . 
  i was taught the grammar at school and then i saw animes and tv shows plus casual internet reading and chat rooms . 
  since british words sound alien to me i guess american mostly, 
  i use all of those and am not american, 
  worst part is that it worked great on me for years . 
  i ca n't believe the beep they made me think . 
  it 's child abuse, 
  i was taught to hate gay people in that class . 
  i was taught evolution is not true . 
  i was taught this since first grade . 
  when i was about 15 i realized it was all bs but many never recover from its effects . 
  that class is vile, 
  he just screamed socialism out of the blue , like it 's always a bad evil thing ( or it related to this in any way ) . 
  now i myself hate the socialist ideology for the most part but screaming socialism while having no idea what the word means is actually stupid , not ignorant . 
  i do n't like something : socialism !!!!, 
  come on edit : do n't go fascism , communism , socialism !!!!, 
  if you have no idea what they mean , it looks stupid , not ignorant , at least to me ( and probably quite a few people ), 
  socialism is actually what the law goes against . 
  too stupid to know its tennets right ? 
  who would have guessed ? 
  but muh tolerance !, 
  all cultures are equal !, 
  why would we hate the people and like the country ? 
  we could n't care less about their country . 
  anyway the balkans have quite a shared history for good or for bad . 
  for example romania and bulgaria are lumped together today but we almost fused in the past ( and our ancestors definitely did share a state at one point ) so this is not exactly recent . 
  i am sure the serbs , croats , bulgarians etc share a lot of stuff like this too so yeah , the people are actually quite used with each other and with hating hungary, 
  not on this scale, 
  she 's funded by russia for starters, 
  ok then , i want to test an ( my ) infant . 
  how do you figure i get his written permission ? 
  so if i want a paternity test in france i have to sue my wife to get it ? 
  nice, 
  then they are forbidden . 
  i just want to know if the fucking child is mine . 
  the woman has all the info o do n't have shit how is this fair, 
  holy fuck how is that right ? 
  in front of a police station, 
  please explain the experience ? 
  who ? 
  the religion is poisonous if interpreted in certain ways but there is obviously more than that at play, 
  why are n't they ? 
  and who will take them exactly ? 
  whoever takes them for cash will fuck them over bad . 
  imagine sending them to north korea for some cash . 
  they 'd accept but it 'd truly be a crime against humanity . 
  they are truly despicable . 
  i almost want human rights to go out the window when dealing with terrorists . 
  anyone who does this ca n't call himself human with a straight face, 
  point is , they are already extremist enough to commit mass murder . 
  if they could do more they would . 
  pushing them further into it will have no effect for anyone but said person, 
  pretty sure they just use attack dogs for disabled folks, 
  it really is . 
  it 's kinda harmless, 
  if anything the turkish way is better . 
  the children would be provided for and they are quite maleable . 
  they 'd most likely fare better than their siblings or most turks, 
  a lot of people would be annoyed by the constant buzzing 1-3 times a day and we 'd get all sorts of new rules that prohibit ringing during work hours or whatever .
