  propaganda sites for radicals i 'd wager, 
  just because they want it does not mean it 's good for them . 
  nobody fights the whole world , you have allies or you die, 
  he meant to type sweden , a country which actively aided yhe nazis, 
  as opposed to sweden which sold them steel for their tanks and did nothing to help denmark/norway, 
  same for most of us too , not just the politicians . 
  we are tribal by nature and we do love to live oh so very much, 
  move to europe and by that i mean get a job , try to learn the language , speak with people and if they seems hostile explain your dislike of radicalism , they will probably see you differently . 
  if you know programming you should be ok . 
  if not learn html and web design and in about a year you should be employable ( it 's highly sought after in certain parts ) for a modest but livable sum, 
  europe is known for its bloody history so do expect it . 
  the more shit like this happens the more the chances of getting a taste of old europe increase , and europeans are united this time around . 
  for the sake of everyone let 's hope those dimwits realize this before it turns ugly, 
  copypasta water is not wet the definition of wet is something that is covered in water . 
  if you have an isolated water molecule , the molecule itself it not wet , and , therefore water , as a molecule , is not wet . 
  the only way for something to be wet is to cover it in other water molecules . 
  water in a pure , isolated form is not wet . 
   what people expected isis to do ? 
  your mom ? 
  jikes aside blaming the french for an attack on civilians on that scale is sick . 
  i doubt anyone could have foreseen that nutjobs like those qould do this kind of damage . 
  this victim blaming is really fucking infuriating, 
  water is not wet, 
  this is delusional, 
  i do n't think anyone is against the helping itself as much as against what that helping entails for some, 
  he said imigrants . 
  read, 
  to think a couple decades ago germans and french slaughtered each other in the milions . 
  this is just beautiful, 
  we are n't that united but we do love each other, 
  i absolutely disagree . 
  as states before , in romania muslims are perfectly integrated and even old conservative people accept them . 
  the important thing ? 
  our muslims are not radicals and do not come from such a culture !!!, 
  that 's it . 
  if they became radical fucktards romanians would hate them . 
  now are you going to tell me i am wrong and all our muslims are rich ? 
  if people act nice and do n't start shit and just mind their own fucking business they wo n't be discriminated , at least not by the vast vast majority of people ( in rom at least ) . 
  a local muslim man.muslims in romania have been here for a long time and i can assure you they are not radical in the fucking least . 
  in fact they are so not radical that romanians absolutely do not care about their religion and romania is quite a religious country with a vast majority being orthodox and the church having political power . 
  last i checked women on women action does n't produce offspring . 
  if they have sons with the locals said sons will be half half and will probably integrate way easier . 
  they will at least be exposed to both cultures way more than if both parents came from a different culture, 
  why not ? 
  if statistics say way fewer women go boom and you do n't accept them out of fear then i see no problem, 
  muslims doing stuff like this ? 
  who would have guessed ?? 
  all religion causes this shit , just to different extents, 
  religion, 
  religion, 
  will poland finally into space ? 
  he will radicalize others, 
  this is just false . 
  which party are you working for ? 
  we do not share the same culture . 
  they may be citizens but that 's it . 
  also i knew a lot of them , most are n't that nice . 
  notable exceptions apply of course, 
  he was an incompetent psychopatic moron, 
  me too , as far as i know romanians and bulgarians get along quite well , we even joined the eu at the same time, 
  nah , romanians and greeks like bulgarians too much , they are free to stay, 
  they criticized us for not taking good care of them . 
  now they show us how to integrate them lol, 
  lol . 
  man , this will be a fail of such epic proportions it 's almost sad ( except it is n't lel , you 're doing it to yourselves ), 
  is this a joke or ? 
  why ? 
  you criticized us for not integrating them . 
  you are now free to show us how to do it , 
  we 're european , many of us have a common if bloody history . 
  as a whole we are different but share quite a few similarities, 
  you find morons who do that , you find where they got said bombs/bullets , you jail the morons who assisted them that way . 
  oh and make jail actually a place people do n't want to go in, 
  if everyone did it how long till someone formed an army to correct some borders ? 
  then it should be encouraged . 
  anyone caught targeting them in any way gets life or deportation, 
  like lack of education ? 
  i hate religion too but this case says zit . 
  turks are muslim and they 're pretty chill . 
  edit : is this shit actually happening , people preaching hatred of religion to an anti-theist ? 
  i know what religion can do and i know the medicine to it . 
  will mexico pay for this wall too ? 
  i hope they rot in hell , fucking pieces of human waste, 
  make it 2 and i will declare it anywhere . 
  kovesi is the god you talk about, 
  meh , it 's his style, 
  not money , freedom ( personal ) . 
  i am childfree and even if i were rich beyond my dreams i would n't bother having a kid . 
  gypsy music in this area is manele . 
  also wtf are you talking about ? 
  we are extremely similar to each other ( the 3 regions you mentioned ) . 
  yes , there 's a little accent and some different popular customs but we 're similar as fuck, 
  except when it was n't, 
  it is doing actual work, 
  he will get mugged by the millitary, 
  are we still trolling bro ? 
  those are athletes , not soldiers . 
  believe it or not you do n't have to want every russian dead, 
  that is not poor journalism . 
  poor journalism is not double checking facts,
