  now times that figure by 21 and you 'll get about the right figure corrected for inflation . 
  why did the people running the euro let greece in in the first place is the question you should be asking . 
  well they got al capone on tax evasion maybe this is all they could pin on her ? 
  what beeching wanted for the railways is not what we got . 
  beeching wanted to shut down most of the rail network and leave 3000 miles of track , essentially the main lines we have today . 
  he then wanted major investment in those remaining lines and funnel all traffic through them . 
  so what he was proposing was in essence an integrated transport policy with proper high speed rail links between major cities . 
  what we ended up with was rail cuts that went far further than beeching proposed , a motorway network that was built on top of the pulled up railway track and decades of underinvestment in the railway 's which all went against what beeching wanted for britains railways . 
  if it makes you feel better keep blaming him for it but the issue 's with britain 's railways both past and present is entirely the fault of successive uk governments going against what it was advised to do . 
  you also need to remember that back in 1960 the railways were losing # 40 million pounds a year now if my math is right that 's going on for # 840 million a year in today 's money , something had to be done you might not agree with that something but the railways had to change . 
  do n't be silly , they are paid to fire warning shots , not the cops fault that people keep diving into to the way of the bullets . 
  if the eu caves in though they will be directly funding a dictatorship . 
  tell him to go suck a lemon . 
  could also make the argument that 3 billion would be better spent setting up proper refugee camps in north africa so the refugee 's never come here . 
  all the ones that still come then are migrants and can be shipped straight back to the country of origin . 
  well it is for the islamic world apparently . 
  integrity . 
  olympics . 
  pick one . 
  dear god ioc we all knew you were corrupt but you could at least attempt to look like your trying to stand up against corruption . 
  why would the brexit have any significant impact on the eurozone ? 
  the uk was never in the eurozone in the first place . 
  if you repeat the same story enough times people start to believe it regardless of if it 's true or not . 
  europe is already destabilising as can be seen with the rise of nationalism across europe and if the eu does n't start listening to those nationalists in some way it will only spread further . 
  it would , mainly because you could actually use the weaponry . 
  that said you can only do that if you know for certain in the future that anyone who attacks you wo n't have nuclear weapons . 
  to be fair in the uk and ireland 30 degrees celsius usually also means the humidity is 70-90 %, 
  this should n't be able to happen on european railways , ever . 
  there 's supposed to be multiple safety systems in place with redundancies to prevent head on collisions not to mention the trains should be timetabled anyway to avoid them ever having to use the same bit of track at the same time . 
  so someone fucked up big time here . 
  you could make the argument that unless the fine is insanely high you 'd end up spending less in fines to the eu than you would on housing , education , food , etc. 
  cameron also promised to step down before the next election , he kept that promise as well . 
  aww i wanted a wales v iceland final . 
  sky is conservative supporter . 
  considering both switzerland and the uk have very loose interpretations of banking law , there could be a bit of movement ... 
  local brewery supplying him says he does n't have a problem , he 's just a great customer . 
  i 'm pretty certain that the freedom of movement and labour the eu allows you would have to be insane not to try and leave greece for another country since the eu seems hellbent on destroying any hope of a future for greece . 
  surely that should be the other way round since it 's anti terror laws did n't stop the attacks from happening . 
  still not sure on that , part of the reason the banks are in the uk in the first place is the very liberal interpretation of banking laws . 
  i voted to stay in and i tried to convince people knew to vote to stay in however i 'm fighting against 40 years of slander and libel against the eu . 
  i was n't helped when the main things people see in relation to the eu over the last few years has been treatment of greece and the missteps and the shear amount of time it took to get anything done about the migrant crisis even though people were dying because of the eu unable to agree on anything . 
  all i 'm saying is if when the uk had of gone into the eu in the first place that people were educated on how the eu actually works we would n't be leaving the eu right now . 
  what refugees ? 
  all i see is economic migrants trying to find a better life for themselves and there are already systems in place to take them in . 
  is that the fault of the brits or the fault of the eu and successive uk governments who failed to educate people about what the eu does , how it works or why it 's important ? 
  i do n't think you understand what the house of lords is actually for . 
  that 's mainly because the eu elections are held in the same regard as local council elections where the people who vote in it use it as a protest vote against whatever government is currently in power . 
  is n't it a bit early to come to that conclusion ? 
  for a start the uk is still in the eu and will be for some time while the negotiations about it leaving are ongoing and we do n't know what the outcome of those negotiations will be . 
  that 's not to mention while those negotiations are ongoing the uk would be free to negotiate anything it wanted with other nations around the world and now it does n't have to get the whole of the eu to agree to the terms it could mean negotiations would much simpler . 
  there 's a stupidly large amount of the unknown in this decision and it could very well end up costing the uk big time on the other hand it could end up making the uk stronger as world power or force the uk to rejoin the eu which would mean it would actually have to integrate properly into the eu and be an actual full member like every other nation in the eu . 
  there 's going to be a lot of pain for the uk in about 2-3 years time and the next 10 years after that could be a lot worse or it could be a lot better and it 's both terrifying but also a fantastic opportunity for some people because of the uncertainty it will create in the worlds markets . 
  ahh so it 's the we 've done nothing and we 're all out of idea 's ploy that worked so well in the migrant crisis and the greek debt crisis . 
  to be fair statistics can be used to prove almost anything if manipulated in the `` right '' way . 
  churchill was a product of the world he grew up in , racism was a product of that because the belief was the english were better than everyone else and if you were n't english you were there to serve english interests . 
  that may be true but it was the british who connected the empire and as a result the world by telephone cables . 
  how are they paying for all that ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxj37yg2fjw ? 
  i was more referring to places like the falkland islands where the island themselves are n't part of the eu however the people living there are uk nationals so they are entitled to freedom of movement within the eu . 
  i would point out this ignores the overseas territories that a lot of eu nations have and they also have agreements over eu travel . 
  they can pressure all they want but it wo n't speed up the eu . 
  i find it rather amusing that the french think the eu can do anything quickly and decisively . 
  let him talk , the more he talks thinking he 's helping the more he gives away how fifa corrupted it 's systems . 
  well it 's very hard to defend his image when he does indeed look like golum . 
  after travelling to the us for the first time last week i now better appreciate the brilliance of the design of uk money . 
  different colours and different sizes of notes make it much easier to work out at a glance how much cash you have on you and coins with clear values stamped on them with vastly different sizes and shapes to make it very quick just from the touch what coin you have . 
  so they mean the uk because the navies of the other eu nations are diabolical . 
  i 'm yet to see any major concession won and set in stone , so name these concessions . 
  partitioning worked so well in the past in india , middle east , africa , ireland , etc. 
  i do n't care about them not mincing their words , i prefer that , i would rather people were direct and to the point . 
  what i ca n't stand is the attitude and the arrogance the eu commission has and how the only organisation in the eu that can actually write legislation for the eu is beyond any power of eu voters to change . 
  it 's not what he says it 's how he said it and the general attitude the commission has to anyone who disagrees with the commissions vision for the eu . 
  he does live in a bubble , the only people he has to answer to are the eu commission member 's who swear allegiance to the eu courts . 
  so long as juncker keeps towing the eu federalist line he will never lose his job . 
  merkel had no say in his appointment , she could try and change her representative on the eu council but the council members themselves swear allegiance to europe not their own countries so it would n't help her position that much . 
  i quite like being in the eu but i do n't like how it 's run i also find it rather depressing that even when the uk tried to renegotiate to stay in the eu we left with essentially nothing changed and no hard promises from the eu to change anything to make it work better for the uk . 
  so given the uk can have no say on how the eu is run even when it 's basically to keep the uk in the eu i have to ask myself the question is staying in the eu worth it when the eu clearly has no interest in changing and no will to change even when the barbarians are literally through it 's gates and there 's still no clear idea on how to respond . 
  and people still defend this treaty on reddit , mind boggles . 
  technically the blarite labour government started the privatisation of the nhs when they allowed private companies to bid to provide nhs services . 
  the tories are taking that further but laying the blame solely at the tories feet is unfair and misleading . 
  why would he ? 
  his appointment in his current position was n't democratic and his position is not dependant on any kind of support from voters in eu elections . 
  it should n't , but the reality is taking a stand against another nation means jack shit if your citizens are cold and their gas bills shoot through the roof . 
  that 's because the uk is one of the only european governments that is n't dependant on russian gas so they can afford to take a hard line on russia . 
  they need to learn of our peaceful ways , by force . 
  the house of lords is n't supposed to be democratic , the function it 's supposed to serve is to analyse government legislation and to send back to the house of commons bad legislation to be re-written in a better form . 
  i find it hard to listen to anyone who reads the daily mail and the express and considers there opinions that masquerade as news , sensible . 
  that coupled with the fact that he was a couple of months too young to get a vote last time and is still bitter about it . 
  i do n't want to leave the eu either but so long as people like my dad who refuse to listen to logic and reason and read the daily mail and the express there 's very little that can be done to stop it from happening . 
  everyone else calls on international organizations to impose sanctions on turkey until someone sane is in charge . 
  in the modern age with drones and automated killing machines just on the horizon it 's never been easier to defend the border . 
  as ww1 showed , it does n't matter how many men you throw at a machine gun , they are n't getting through . 
  shoot a few of them , word gets around and they 'd stop coming to your border . 
  might not agree with it but it would be effective . 
  it is the case in england , massive investment mainly in wind power . 
  i find it rather depressing that the eu is the only place where emissions have dropped overall . 
  last year was n't good for any polling organisation . 
  they defended apples right to pay no tax , if this loophole gets closed as well then they 'd be no reason to be based in ireland . 
  now that would really be funny to watch , i wonder how the irish government would justify stopping that loophole . 
  have to be a big flood since the scum of london tend to live in tower blocks or expensive apartments sometimes hundreds of feet high .
