ask for the equivalent of 5 euros off of every slovakian citizen and tell the eu to fuck off and get the germans chancellor to pay for the crisis she created and has n't done anything to solve . 
  i think it 's because the foreign office essentially dictates foreign policy to parliament rather than parliament or the prime minister having a say in foreign policy . 
  so the united kingdom ends up being perceived how the foreign office wants the uk to appear rather than the unqualified , squabbling idiots we get in parliament . 
  tell them to fuck off then use a projector to show the film on their embassy walls . 
  the uk does n't want to leave if that survey is to be believed and this referendum vote is n't because of the refugee crisis , although how the eu handles it in the coming months will have an impact on the vote . 
  the vote is happening because at the last national elections the conservative party promised a referendum on eu membership if they got elected into power as a way of getting people who would of voted ukip ( they 're a party whose whole reason to exist is getting the uk out of the eu ) to vote for the conservatives instead . 
  the problem is now that the greece bailout and the refugee crisis has shown up the eu 's total inability to deal with anything even when people are dying and that is going to play on a lot of peoples minds when the vote comes up . 
  the eu does a lot for the uk , a lot of things the average uk citizen does n't even realise but for decades now successive uk governments have used the eu as a scapegoat for when things go wrong and the press went along with it . 
  this has built up an anti eu mindset in a lot of people and sadly it 's these same people that literally only believe what they read in their newspaper of choice so they will vote whichever way their newspaper says they should . 
  navigation error took them `` accidentally '' off course . 
  in the same way there 's no people in the universe on average . 
  no he 's a politician , being a hypocrite comes with the job . 
  i have no idea how the vote will go but i do know is there is a lot of xenophobia in the uk and if the eu does n't sort out the migrant crisis in a very visible way before the uk goes to vote a lot of people will vote to leave simply because it would stop dead any obligation to take the migrants in . 
  that was because it meant those countries spent their time attacking each other rather than their neighbours so it kept any war relatively local rather than engulfing entire regions . 
  so 800,000 people less to fight to make libya a better place . 
  what a great idea now every other arms maker will have an easier time selling weapons there . 
  hey i find that offensive , we 've invaded around 90 % of the worlds countries . 
  i suppose that comes back to the question : `` is it right to teach the horrors of real world history to children ? '', 
  the trouble with british history is there 's so much of it , it goes back over 2000 years and it spans the entire globe . 
  i do n't see how europe could have wars as things stand . 
  all eu economies are so interdependent it would decimate everyone 's economy in 1 day if they went to war , not to mention the fact that modern munitions could destroy key infrastructure in europe in 1 night . 
  euroskeptics are n't going to destroy the eu , they are just going to destroy the vision that a lot of people have in the eu parliament that it should be a federal super state . 
  it was to try and prevent war but at the same time chamberlain was trying to buy time to get british industry and it 's defences up to a state where it could fight a war . 
  the munich agreement also meant that when war did inevitably break out with germany it was because they broke a very public agreement thus turning public opinion against germany . 
  chamberlain got the country in a state to fight a drawn out war as well as get the public to want to fight a war against germany . 
  sadly it meant a lot of people in europe had to die to get this to happen , but on the other hand britain was in no state to fight any war in 1935-37 and even by 1939 they still did n't really have the equipment or the tactics to fight a ground war with germany . 
  not really , the containers go around the edge of the ship and military vehicles go in the hold , the lowered cargo berth as you describe it . 
  they are cargo ships , they ship equipment for britains armed forces around the world . 
  it 's an empty threat from france , worse case scenario is that the economic migrants will get stopped at dover and shipped straight back to france . 
  unless of course suddenly the economic migrants have to leave france because france becomes a war zone . 
  we had no choice , part of the lend lease agreement so we could afford to fight ww2 was to end our empire . 
  ww2 literally cost everything the uk had . 
  it 's only a matter of time before the uk armed forces march into europe again . 
  has there ever been 1 thing that every nation agrees on and every nation agrees it should be done in the same way ? 
  to be honest i would get rid of trident and the money you would of used for it 's replacement to update the uk armed forces with more modern equipment . 
  say for example upgrade the challenger 2 with at least a 120mm smoothbore gun , research a new assault rifle for the army , get some planes for the new aircraft carriers , etc. 
  the eu has the same flaws any democracy has , people that put self interest before the good of the whole . 
  in england fire engines are called dennis . 
  how can he possibly still claim that the world cup was n't bought when it feels like the entirety of upper management of fifa is either already arrested or under investigation for corruption ? 
  at this point he 's more out of touch with reality than that infamous iraqi minister of information . 
  well if trump does become president it would n't be any worse than all the other republican candidates . 
  not really , the uk tends to spread out it 's industry all over the country rather than focusing it all in one area . 
  there 's definitely something not right with this accident , head on collisions do n't happen in western europe with trains , there 's multiple system redundancy to prevent it from happening . 
  that 's why i 'm confused about this , head on collisions should only happen if someone either had a massive fuck up in maintenance on the signalling and the trains automatic warning system and the driver ignores the signal completely . 
  edit : or far more likely the trains brakes failed which is possible since it 's an air brake system . 
  this should n't be possible , trains when they pass a red signal should automatically activate the brakes of the train . 
  a quick google suggests that 1 tree makes nearly 17 reams of paper . 
  i 'm not sure why terrorists even bother attack england last time that happened the only impact was that people complained about it slowing down their commute and quickly worked around it and it just became part of their routine . 
  people were a bit jumpy and paranoid for a while but it died down very quickly and everyone just accepted it and moved on . 
  also it meant they made kings cross underground station much nicer so it some respects it was a good thing . 
  part of me thinks brexit at this point is the right call , even if it was called off i ca n't see either side of the debate reconciling their differences while the uk is in the eu . 
  that 's both in the uk and in the eu as a whole . 
  the devil you know is better than the devil you do n't , if the saudi government falls there 's some far worse people in the wings waiting to take over . 
  if only we 'd of taken that approach in places like libya and syria things might not be so shit right now . 
  you carry on in your little delusion and the uk will carry on with it 's ability to refuse entry to whoever it wants . 
  human decency does n't seem to bother the french authorities enough into dealing with this problem so why should it bother me ? 
  it is . 
  they 've illegally entered europe , they 've illegally occupied land , they 've attack people , they 've damaged property , they 've tried to force entry into vehicles , they 've tried to block public rights of way . 
  so why on earth would any country allow that kind of person in if they had a choice ? 
  the uk does already take in young children , i just do n't see any of them in the jungle camp in calais all i see is young men committing crimes because the uk does n't want to let a group of criminals enter the country which it 's perfectly entitled to do . 
  yes it does and it retains the right to do so on eu citizens as well . 
  look it up yourself https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/517631/ggfr_section_3_leave_to_enter_v26_0_ext.pdf, 
  i 'm sure we 'd all prefer a place to seek `` asylum '' where we are more familiar with the language but that 's not how the asylum system works . 
  you claim asylum in the first safe country you arrive in , you do n't get to pick and chose based on which language your most familiar with . 
  every single person whose camped in the jungle in calais is a migrant who the french refuse to deal with , it 's the same issue when sangatte red cross centre existed and the same problem exists now and it wo n't go away because the uk enforces it 's borders and the french do n't and neither does the rest of the eu . 
  if the current arrangement ends tomorrow all that will happen is we will end up back with the system we had before the mid 90 's where the ferry operators will check people 's right to travel before they are allowed to board anyone who does n't have a passport of an eu national will not be allowed to cross and the migrants will still be stuck in calais . 
  if somehow they got through that they 'd then have to go through passport control in dover and they 'd still be refused entry and put right back on the next ferry because that is uk law and then france will have to make to choice to accept the ferry or let them die at sea because the uk is n't going to change it 's laws to allow them in . 
  the uk does it to the us i do n't see france putting up a better fight than them , the us embassy even states it wo n't bother to interfere if the uk refuses entry to one of it 's citizens and sends them straight back . 
  does n't matter uk law is uk law , any person refused entry from any country at any uk port of entry will be put back on the first plane , boat or train back to the place they came from even the americans have n't been able to change that . 
  the uk is not in the schengen zone and has the right to refuse entry to anyone , the current system that is in place is an agreement between france and the uk not between the eu and the uk . 
  essentially the system at calais-dover is exactly the same system you get at any international airport , they check your travel documents before you fly so your not refused entry in your destination country . 
  i do n't feel guilty at all because i know all they are are a bunch of migrants who feel france just is n't good enough for them . 
  because they are legally obliged to , person refused entry are returned to their port of entry . 
  do people not remember what the border crossing was like between france and england before they moved passport control to opposite sides of the channel in the 90 's ? 
  this is rather good , there 's a shit load of anger in that . 
  ahh i get what your saying we need to deport them to somewhere far harder for them to get back from , i vote south africa . 
  the current system exists because it takes the cost of controlling the border off of the ferry and train operators , anyone who is refused entry into the uk has to be taken back at the operators expense to the persons port of entry . 
  so if the agreement stops then all that will happen is the ferry and train operators will start checking passports and they 'll start complaining about the cost once again . 
  i find it very tricky to apply human rights to a group of people who illegally entered europe , commit crimes , illegally occupy land , endanger both other people 's and their own lives all because they refuse to claim asylum in the nearest safe country because they have this insane sense of entitlement that being a migrant means you get to go wherever you want in the world . 
  that does n't sound any different to any other business in a capitalist economy . 
  there 's no way of stopping it without pissing off all the human rights loonies . 
  someone will be killed , probably in the next 3-4 months as winter sets in and the migrants get increasingly desperate as the temperature drops . 
  the uk ca n't do anything , if it does something it will only encourage more of them into the calais area which is n't good for anyone , the problem needs to stopped at the source , the eu needs to enforce it 's borders properly . 
  those 4 that actually moved where the genuine asylum seekers , the other 43 were all economic migrants holding out for a better deal . 
  and ? 
  how is that news ? 
  who is actually surprised that a company is selling something to someone whose willing to buy it ? 
  i do n't like them doing it however they are selling surveillance equipment , unless it 's illegal you have an obligation to the shareholders to sell to everyone who you can sell to . 
  unreasonable 1 sided terms in a contract can be challenged in court . 
  i think being sent back to their home country should be a good punishment why else would they be seeking asylum in another country ? 
  okay delay until after the german and french elections , then we have the uk and the eu elections so we 'll have to delay again . 
  once all that is over we 'll be back to the french and german elections then the eu and uk elections ... . 
  nobody would believe you . 
  probably never , normal makes it very difficult to pass laws controlling and monitoring how people behave . 
  the ioc is taking a leaf out of fifa 's book and not even bothering to look like it 's not corrupt because they know there 's nothing you can do to stop them . 
  is it really that surprising when the media market in europe is so utterly fragmented you almost have to pirate stuff just so you can watch it ? 
  hs1 has 4 stations , 2 of which are in london already served by other lines and serves a very narrow part of the se of england and essentially exists to funnel people from london onto the continent . 
  are you joking ? 
  outside of london and hs1 there 's been little to no investment in infrastructure in the last 20 years ever since the environmental protests of the early to mid 90 's put a stop to the road building program that was going on . 
  the last major project the se got was the conversion of the a604 to the a14 and the a1 ( m ) upgrade from alconbury to peterborough .
