exactly , i completely agree but for me it 's just stupid . 
  surely your restaurant can hold x amount of people . 
  your service costs are mostly fixed , what exactly is more expensive about service a table of 8 over two tables of 4 . 
  if anything it 's * less * expensive . 
  from what i understand it differs from state to state but according to google the average is $ 11.82 per hour for waiters in the usa which is about the same minimum wage . 
  the difference is ours still get paid if no one tips . 
  the service charge are usually automatically added but i have never once seen a mandatory one . 
  you can ask to have it removed . 
  this for me is the most obscene aspect of tipping culture in the uk and i wo n't eat anywhere that does it . 
  usually these tips do n't even go to the staff , just to some greedy fucking owner . 
  edit : sorry , i did once see a mandatory service charge but iirc it was something like `` 15 % service charge added for tables over 7 people '' which i thought was odd because they 'll be spending more money on food and drink ... 
  it depends on the place really . 
  i do n't think anyone would be offended although there may be some very high calibre waiting/hosting staff who are principled enough to understand they are being paid a fair wage for their job ( i 'm talking the career people here , think gustav h in the grand budapest edit : although he obviously did accept a tip in the film , i just mean people of that quality where service is their career and they excel at it ) and not exactly enjoy tipping . 
  i do n't think you 'd ever offend someone though . 
  there may be a polite refusal but nothing more and to be honest i would n't expect that to happen . 
  shut up you , with your facts and sense . 
  we brits are fine at tipping when abroad and in very specific sections of our own society . 
  we pay our workers enough so they can afford food if they do n't get tipped . 
  tipping is not expected in the uk and frankly the incursion that it 's made in to the sectors it has is not welcome by the majority and make most of us feel awkward . 
  that 's good then . 
  i ca n't abide criticism of one of the most prominent and gifted guitar players of the 80s . 
  wooooooaaaaaaaa ohhhhhhh liiiivin on a prayerrrrr, 
  i 'm not sure why bon jovi are relevant here . 
  i understand your point but no one here was talking about if we should listen to woz when it comes to taxation . 
  the person i responded too simply stated that woz would be nothing without jobs , i pointed out that jobs would be nothing without woz , we 're not discussing the article . 
  and without wozniak 's technical expertise and creations steve jobs would also be a nobody . 
  yeah , it was cute when that one guy did it . 
  now it 's just going to be really fucking annoying when every attention seeking cunt in the world does it . 
  not saying that finnish guy was attention seeking he just did something kinda nice and it took off but yeah . 
  everyone will be on this shitty bandwagon now . 
  hey look at me guys . 
  this is going to get tedious very fucking quickly . 
  it 's ... odd . 
  i mean , most of us at one time in our life have been nothing but complete despair . 
  i 've gone truly mental over a woman and in other times in my life have been suicidal but i ca n't even come to terms with the thought process of `` i know , i 'll hijack a plane that will sort out my life ! '', 
  ... are you serious ? 
  yeah but ireland is a european nation which has rules on state assistance which includes tax breaks which apple clearly got . 
  `` apple pay your tax '' . 
  we are the start of all space and time . 
  what the fuck am i on about ? 
  i 'm on / r/cycling / r/bycycling and / r/mtb but never subbed to / r/peloton . 
  it 's an odd one really , i absolutely love cycling but do n't tend to follow the sport much . 
  i find it a really difficult sport to follow to be honest !, 
  i 'll check it out though , maybe an adjustment is required to go from watching sport on tv to following it more from a reading sense . 
  i do n't get this one though , it 's not like the dutch are known for being the most beautiful people in europe . 
  granted you do have that trait of blue eyed , dark haired , pale and large breasted women which are basically my dream women but there 's not many of those . 
  you 're not sweden or eastern europe dutchies , you people are ugly too !, 
  but we 're so important though . 
  commonwealth games . 
  gave us the velodrome in salford and then good funding and coaching . 
  that 's why we 're so good on the track . 
  as for the road , team sky are obviously just the best and wiggo is just also the best and has the best team . 
  it 's not our fault you french and italians are so bitter , 
  high quality but not as good as cracker . 
  i 'd put it before rebus though !, 
  more of a statement of their extremely limited existence within the national conscience . 
  who the fuck are britain first ? 
  there are like 8 national newspaper links and the rest are twitter and blogs and nothing . 
  yet again , i 'm not saying that the word patriot is never used by british people . 
  just that it is rare and almost only ever used in a quote when on national tv . 
  this does n't answer or prove anything . 
  plus it only actually goes to page 13 ... 
  i 'm not saying the word patriot is never used in the uk or about british people . 
  just that its use is very rare . 
  i can only assume he thinks i 'm talking about a wider rise in nationalist thinking or possibly the increased rhetoric in certain newspapers that one might describe as patriotic behaviour and those things not happening as opposed to just specifically the use of the word patriot . 
  rebus was good but if we 're talking scottish detectives it 's got to be cracker , even if it was set in manchester . 
  edit : i 'm very delighted to discover that robbie coltrane is not dead . 
  yay !, 
  in the uk up until april , reading and watching lots of media . 
  extremely rarely have i heard the word patriot used in reference to a uk citizen . 
  if you have any sources to back up your claim i 'd be more than happy to change my opinion . 
  edit : in fact the only thing i can think of that comes close to this was some ... parliamentary hearing or something where the guy chairing it was all `` do you love your country '' referring to the uk and everyone was a all `` what the fuck is this guy on about ? '', 
  yeah but the word patriot is n't really a word british people use or associate with . 
  even the super nationalist ones , nationalist is probably the word we 'd use . 
  or maybe just idiot . 
  top class scandinavian detective work right here , expect it to be on swedish tv within a month looking dark and broody . 
  wallander the return . 
  i do n't think you understand how science works ... 
  how is scientists ' work being stolen from them ? 
  no , you said `` all science for free '' which is not the same as `` all research supported by public and public-private funds will be free to access '' . 
  what exactly is your issue with science that is paid for by the public being made available for the public to read ? 
  it 's not like glaxo will have to publish their research , unless it uses public funds of course . 
  so , stop charging all companies corporation tax ? 
  are you outside of your fucking mind or have you just accidentally come here from reading a rand novel ? 
  well to be fair it 's not exactly like it came from an unreliable source . 
  `` they '' did n't though . 
  if you 're judging the success or otherwise of the referendum based on the last two months then you are a complete fucking moron . 
  let 's see if you 're so smug in ten years . 
  because no one on the left said `` the country will explode ten minutes after the vote decision if we leave '' . 
  there is zero proof of anything in this article ... 
  i do n't even know what the ny post is but this clearly is n't quality journalism . 
  to claim that `` brexit is actually boosting the uk economy '' and the your only reason for that being slightly increased tourism and some rich people buying watches without providing any actual sources for that ... holy shit and i though the british press was bad . 
  i 've only flow business with aegean . 
  four times from larnaca to heathrow and back and i 've been extremely impressed with them . 
  i ca n't comment on economy but the business class is right up there for short haul flights . 
  edit : my big issue with aegean to be fair is they wo n't let you check in before two hours at larnaca , even if their check in desks are open . 
  thinking on it that actually pissed me right off and i was sat in the arrivals lobby for two fucking hours . 
  never , ever had that issue with anyone else . 
  wow that 's actually a real headline ... 
  yep , sure do .
