  from what i understand both nissan and honda make cars in the uk that get exported to japan and they do n't mess about on quality . 
  personally i like mazda , mercedes and bmw . 
  i think it hit mid 40s when i was in cyprus last year . 
  it was much more manageable than 30 degrees in the uk because the country is built to deal with it . 
  all the buildings are built to keep things cool and most have airncon . 
  you just be careful when you are outside . 
  night time was the worst , 100 percent humidity and 40 degrees at midnight is absolutely fucking killer . 
  do not be anywhere without air con . 
  it 's hell in the uk though at anything above 30 . 
  it feels like everything is built to kill you . 
  it 's so fucking hot and you just ca n't cool down , fans just blow hot air at you , those portable ac units are fucking useless . 
  is n't it the most preposterous of notions he would write off the rebuttal because it 's anti monarchy but not the cgp video despite its inherent bias . 
  jesus christ would you lot just absolutely fuck off with this absolute bullshit . 
  i have not even clicked it but i bet it 's cgp gray with his absolute misunderstanding of everything to do with the royal family . 
  then you do not understand the monarchy . 
  that 's exactly the point of them or at least what they believe . 
  sweden has cities ? 
  my tongue hits my teeth , the l is definitely pronounced in the word world . 
  the uk by and large is the 25th but some do it on the christmas eve but very very few i know of . 
  depends on your age . 
  some families might have a little get together , if you 're young and single or a young/childless couple it 's often a big night out or down the pub/off to some friends for the evening . 
  if you 've got kids it might be visiting family followed by staying up wrapping presents until 3am . 
  if you 're doing christmas dinner the day after like i did last year you spend the day fighting shoppers getting all those bits you forgot and then spend all evening preparing food and getting pissed !, 
  it 's a wonderful city is n't it ? 
  i 've not been for a long time but i 'll visit again soon !, 
  how about eindhoven or utrecht ? 
  mmm that looks tasty . 
  that 's what 's so frustrating about this whole scenario is that people just throw throw the crown estate in your face and it 's really difficult to explain why there 's no fucking way we would or should need to pay the royal family for the vast majority of the royal estate since it include a metric fuckton of stuff that the royal family just should n't own . 
  add to that the reason why this all exists in the first place is because the royal family were already broke and could n't afford their financial obligations to the country so one could say that in bailing them out even if they could rightly lay claim to the british sea bed etc then we fucking bought that when we bailed them out . 
  yes , first of all that cgp grey video is absolute bullshit . 
  do you think that the uk would allow a private family to own significant portions of the british sea bed for no particular reason ? 
  you do raise a good point though , i mean no one ever goes to visit the palace of versaille , it 's practically a ghost zone . 
  france also had more than double the visitors of the uk . 
  hmm , and you say i can move to russia and do this for a year for $ 2,000 ? 
  what 's crocodile ? 
  i have that much money , i am interested in doing something for a year . 
  sign me up . 
  yeah but , how would we know ? 
  i honestly do n't understand what point you 're making or responding to here ? 
  so no taxes outside of road tax get used on roads ? 
  that completely misses the point of road users who do n't use those roads as well . 
  then why not make germans who also use those roads pay . 
  it is n't fair to germans who do n't drive or do n't use those roads to pay tax so that some germans can . 
  no , hockey means field hockey . 
  like on grass , with a ball . 
  so you 're receiving a tax reduction when this scheme is implemented ? 
  yeah i 'm ok with that then . 
  just not charging foreigners specifically , although like i say i 'd be ok with charging people who just used the road without contributing anything . 
  just foreigners . 
  i 'm not necessarily opposed to toll roads , just the idea that only foreigners should pay . 
  if it 's something obscenely expensive like the oresund bridge then i have no issue but tax on fuel duty should be enough to cover the cost for using roads if it 's not in your country . 
  i thought the austrian tolls and stuff ( i know the french are ) were for all users not just foreign users but if they 're just for foreign users then i 'm opposed to those as well but i 'm approaching this from a tourist perspective where i 'll be spending a bucket load in fuel and sales tax if i 'm there . 
  is n't the point though that locals also have to pay to use the roads that charge a toll in those countries ? 
  and i already offered a solution to your not filling up problem , if you produce a fuel receipt for 50l or so then you 've paid your dues and that should be enough . 
  yes i understand that . 
  i get why they are doing it but how much does it cost one car to drive through germany ? 
  like i say chances are they will fill up a tank of fuel , buy a few snacks . 
  apparently fuel duty in germany is 76.6 c per litre . 
  so if i fill up and put 50l in the tank in germany i 've paid $ 38.8 in tax in germany . 
  how many people will drive across all of germany without filling up and buying a few snacks ? 
  there you go , $ 45 in tax , thanks for letting me use your road . 
  and like i say , if i 'm staying in munich for a week on a holiday i 'm paying tax on the hotel , tax for the flight or any petrol i use whilst in germany , tax on anything i spend . 
  just because i 'm not paying income tax it does n't mean i 'm not contributing to the economy if i 'm in germany . 
  the only way i think this is fair is if you literally drive across the entirety of germany and do n't contribute . 
  if you produce a fuel receipt for say 50l or something i think that should be reasonable recompense for using the road . 
  just for foreigners ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i think it 's a bit dodgy . 
  chances are i 'll fill up on the way through a couple of times so tax on the fuel as well as buy a few snacks and what not . 
  and what if you 're visiting germany its self ? 
  yeah i get it if you 're literally just driving through and using german roads and contributing nothing but why the fuck should i pay a road charge germans do n't have to pay if i 'm driving to munich for a week ? 
  it looks quite nice . 
  ice hockey ( yes ice hockey not hockey ) . 
  maple syrup . 
  nice people . 
  ave errrrr . 
  yeah . 
  could you perhaps enlighten those of us who have no idea what you 're on about ? 
  who 's talking about sanctions ? 
  if he started a genocide then i 'd probably support sanctions but no one is expecting that or anything like . 
  exactly the same as it treats any other head of state or government/administration . 
  no i do n't think that 's why anyone is saying . 
  most capital cities in europe are amazing and wonderful to explore . 
  they are saying that * only * visiting the capital is a bad thing and people should explore other places outside the capital . 
  lille accidentally because one of my favourite european cities and i would never have gone had my ex not by chance done and erasmus year there . 
  that 's me alright !, 
  i 've stopped now i swear !, 
  ok just for clarity i 'm not going to reply to this as usual because what 's going to happen is that i 'm going to explain that the bbc broadcasting a tv show in which some audience members voice their opinion that the us hold some responsibility for the attacks which 2000 people complain about and the bbc offer an apologies is not the same that the point that you 're trying to push which is simply that `` the bbc said the usa deserved 9/11 '' . 
  which is patently not the case but i know this is too much for your brain to comprehend so please just be assured this is the last time i 'll reply to you so you do n't need to reply ok ? 
  thanks . 
  because i do n't have seven hours to type out a list of all the the deplorable things the usa has done in recent decades . 
  confused leftist radical ? 
  chief , i 'm a 32 year old who works in tax avoidance for really rich people , i 'm absurdly against third wave feminism and am not particularly keen on immigration and i have serious issues with islam . 
  so yeah , fuck off pal . 
  ok , bye bye now . 
  i hope you have a lovely day !, 
  i did n't specifically mention vietnam . 
  i think we 're about done now though . 
  thanks for your time . 
  god save the united states of america .
