  sigh . 
  i know i should n't bite . 
  it 's just really hard . 
  well that 's an impossibly complex question . 
  broadly speaking , a number of socio economic issues for muslims in close proximity in addition to the active targeting of france in retaliation of french bombing in the region and also obviously because of cartoons . 
  but like i say , it 's an impossibly complex question to answer . 
  ok , so yes as you can see they were very different things . 
  and again , i 'm not saying that at all . 
  you 're reading what i 'm saying and just deciding to interpret it in the way that best suits your narrative . 
  i have not once mentioned vietnam so i 'm not sure what your point is . 
  i have also not said france is an innocent victim , although i certainly believe it has caused less damage to much of the world than the usa although like all former colonialist empires is not without its significant shame . 
  yet again no because the attacks in france and nyc did not occur for the same reasons and so a direct comparison is impossible . 
  we 've covered that point now so let 's agree to disagree . 
  you believe they are comparable , i do not . 
  no point discussing it again . 
  `` you are so far gone i feel sorry for you . 
  let that hate go '' ok cool , thanks for your opinion . 
  anything else ? 
  no because the attacks in france did n't happen for the same reasons as the attacks in new york . 
  they are and were completely different issues . 
  also , because in part the french and the uk * do * know why we are hated by a very small number of muslims . 
  yet again , those are perfectly justifiable opinions and are explicitly not the same as `` deserved it '' . 
  corbyn is the leader of the opposition , the second largest party in the uk who will resoundingly win the nomination to be labour 's leader . 
  there are some right wing pricks who see him as a fringe lunatic but for the most part that 's not how british people operate . 
  and no not really , because the attacks in france and the attacks in the usa are extremely different things . 
  so you , as an american decided to read the guardian , in 2001 ? 
  when you 've already been sent a link with comprehensive and in depth analysis of the guardian 's coverage of 9/11 which does n't even come close to corroborating your opinion ? 
  of course you did mate . 
  i 'm not giving legitimacy to the attacks , i 'm saying they should have been expected , not deserved . 
  you 're doing exactly what you 're claiming i am . 
  and yes , of course there has been significant discussion about the ira in the uk . 
  the current leader of the opposition has said , in public that he understand the reasons behind what the ira are doing . 
  we might not agree with their beliefs or them doing what they did but plenty of people are at least capable of understanding why they did what they did . 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  you 're taking that article ad verbatim and accusing me of not being able to think critically ? 
  ok you can fuck off now you utter cretin . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  what cake ? 
  the usa has been installing puppet dictators around the world for decades . 
  do you have any idea how many innocent people have died directly as a result of us foreign policy ? 
  see the difference is i can look at this objectively . 
  i have no horse in the race where as you with all your chest beating patriotic bullshit ca n't see the forest for the trees . 
  like i 've already explained , a column in the guardian exploring the possible reasons for the attack and an absolute lie about a bbc audience does not equal `` the guardian and the bbc saying the usa deserved to be attacked '' . 
  you have serious issues mate . 
  like i say i read it , you do n't need to quote it and i 've quite explicitly explained why your opinion is bullshit and why the article is a hack job . 
  i control and f deserved in the thread you linked . 
  there is n't a single example of it . 
  some people did n't care too much , plenty of people might have thought it was a direct result of us foreign policy , but that 's not the same as deserved . 
  already responded , that article is bullshit . 
  you should n't believe everything you read in the press . 
  although you should believe the stuff you read about russia being the most important factor in the allies winning wwii , because they were . 
  yeah i read that article from your other post . 
  it does n't say that at all . 
  it 's a hack job from the journalist , at no point does she provide a single actual example of a newspaper , broadcaster or even a person saying `` they got what they deserved '' . 
  there was huge discussion in to the reason why it happened and suggestions as to why it happened . 
  that 's not the same as saying the usa got what it deserved . 
  it 's fine to say that a potential cause of 9/11 was the usa 's involvement in the middle east and to cite specific examples which is what the guardian did . 
  and it does n't even say the bbc said that , it says that some members of an audience in a bbc show about politics '' shrieked abuse at anyone on the panel who uttered a word of sympathy for the us , and openly cheered the idea that the attacks were justified . '', 
  which is absolute fucking horse shit . 
  neither the guardian nor the bbc said anything of the sort , what are you talking about ? 
  no mainstream media source suggested anything like the usa `` deserving '' 9/11 . 
  damn scots , they ruined scotland !, 
  up until about ten years ago in most of the country coffee was basically nescafe and that 's about it . 
  we are pretty good these days . 
  some of us are kinky like that , you mean !, 
  you naughty germans . 
  i 'd like to think us brits are up there with you swedes when it comes to order but not quite at your level and cyprus ( where i live ) is absolute hell . 
  i dealt with a civil servant today . 
  a representative of the cyprus government in his office . 
  he was wearing a roma football shirt ... 
  the government pays for something !? 
  how dare they !, 
  do you have a link by any chance , that sounds like an interesting discussion . 
  which i 've already pointed out was stupid , in the exact comment you 're replying to ... what 's your point ? 
   fairly decent differences fairly decent , one would consider that the mean that there are noteworthy differences , i am saying there are no differences , we are the same people . 
  no i said there were no difference ... 
  i said we are the same people ... can you read ? 
  what 's so hilarious ? 
  you know that there are plenty of people who are fans of britain but are republican right ? 
  i do n't know if you 're a scottish celt or if you 're just an irish person dreaming of a celtic union but you 're missing the point . 
  if there 's a cultural difference between these countries it 's a class and a wealth one , and i 'm from the north of england so i 'd know fuck all about those things . 
  i should clarify sorry , i 'm not trying to defend it in any way . 
  anyone ordering a drink like that should get a fucking slap ( although i see now why my joke about the wmd cocktail was stupid ) . 
  and i know he was talking about yanks coming over ordering it laughing , i was just trying to explain that the drink was n't a slight on the irish but an american idea of having a dig at the english . 
  i think he was just making the same point i made without explaining it . 
  and that 's exactly the point . 
  if you gave a brit a map of europe , pointed at czech and said `` is this east , west or central europe '' yeah they would say central but asking the question , to us eastern europe is basically the political east , so as you say under soviet influence . 
  maybe one day that will die down but it 's too recent for that question not to bring up a political geography right now . 
  fuck me you sound like one of those yanks who waffles on about how europeans do n't understand the vast cultural difference between texas and alabama and how the usa is like 50 different countries and has cultural differences europe could never get close to . 
  there is no fucking difference between england and scotland . 
  i 'm english , scottish parents , considerable time in both countries . 
  we are the same people . 
  of course not ... 
  but they do seem to be obsessed with what europeans think about america . 
  i sub to this sub reddit though so confirmation bias probably since most of the stuff in here is `` what do you think about this aspect of america ? '', 
  i 'm obviously not saying geography does n't matter . 
  just that the concept of east and west europe is fundamentally rooted in a historically political context rather than an explicit geographical one . 
  no i 'm deadly serious on both fronts . 
  i guess because geographically it does n't get any more central than czech but when westerners talk about eastern europe really we 're talking about a political map rather than a geographical one . 
  yeah i 'm aware that stuff like that was n't just happening in england , i guess i go back to the same point i mentioned in my other reply ?
