  tourist area in limassol , russians everywhere !, 
  i went for a nice swim and a relax at the beach today . 
  thanks cyprus !, 
  pft , we all must submit to the polish master race . 
  my polish class starts next week . 
  i think that 's the whole point . 
  we have n't left yet , and i did n't want to leave and serbia is n't in the eu ... 
  i do n't know what happened ? 
  what happened ? 
  since starting working next to a serb , she certainly has some ... opinions on the matter . 
  people knock on my door and stop me in the street and do this . 
  what 's the big deal ? 
  religious people trying to convert people to their religion ? 
  whatever next , flowing water and cooking food ? 
  without reading the article i 'm going to assume that these are early clinical trials and we no where near actually being a medicine a doctor gives to a patient ? 
  i 'm looking forward to all the brexit politicians using lines like `` stronger together '' and `` we are all better in a union ! '', 
  fuck off europe , i 'm off . 
  that scale is fucking terrible . 
  i love you all :(, 
  sounds good man . 
  that 's where i live . 
  what are you up to over here ? 
  do we have to go to war again ? 
  ordering 500 ships might boost our economy , we 'd probably outsource them to china though . 
  it was just a joke dude , in poor taste maybe but meant well spirited . 
  plus , we 'll be off soon anyway !, 
  that 's how it works right ? 
  close the embassies , build the wall , make the french pay for it ? 
  ok this is definitely the coolest one so far . 
  i live in cyprus mate , i 'll be fine . 
  probably ... ok i 'm fucked . 
  i 'm not actually sure mate i 've never been to nicosia !, 
  i 've only lived in cyprus for four months but , it 's in republic of cyprus nicosia somewhere !, 
  yeah it 's all so simple now . 
  i 'm glad you explained it like this because i would n't have been aware of the situation otherwise but i 'm glad you came along to simplify things for me . 
  thanks !, 
  you coming over for a holiday ? 
  not too many folks tend to go to nicosia for holidays !, 
  it 's actually a pretty cool building and 67m . 
  it 's home to wargaming ( the world of tanks guys ) but it 's title wo n't be held for long . 
  there are a number of construction projects in limassol that will soon be taller than it !, 
  the oval , whilst not yet completed has its shell up and so is already taller , it 's just not finished yet . 
  that 's 75m . 
  in 2018 also there 's a 170m building going to be completed which is odd because it will look so god damn out of place , until i guess they build more !, 
  no not really . 
  you do n't get anything `` given '' to you as such . 
  couple of examples , let 's say you are an unemployed 30 year old with zero savings . 
  where i 'm from in the uk you 'd get job seekers allowance ( which is like money you get when searching for a job ) and then housing benefit which is money for your housing and council tax benefit which is money off of your council tax bill . 
  where i 'm from this totals up to something like # 540 a month ( if you are over 35 your housing benefit is much higher since they expect anyone under 35 to share a house ) . 
  the council tax benefit is n't money you get they basically just write off your council tax bill ( like canton or local district/government tax ) bill . 
  it 's difficult to survive if you are a single person , or is certainly very tight and there are lots of conditions that come with getting the benefits ( particularly job seekers allowance ) it 's a little bit easier if you 're say , a single mother but even then it 's not easy at all . 
  there are some stories about how like a single woman with 7 kids gets a huge house and 30k a year and that kind of thing and you know sometimes that does happen but it 's very rare . 
  so basically welfare in the uk works out like you get a certain amount of money per month depending on your circumstances and that 's about it really , you do n't get furniture or tvs or anything really , there might be specific circumstances where this is provided for vulnerable people and what not but mostly you just get # x a month . 
  some people live their entire lives on benefits or are in a bad spell so you still need to buy things but really the welfare is there just so you can afford to live and it 's very very tight . 
  so if you are absolutely desperate for a cooker and you ca n't even afford # 60 for the crappiest used one ever then you can go in to bright house , tell them the date you get your benefit money , get 2 weeks free and then pay # 10 per week for the next three years for a cooker that for someone who can afford it is # 400 . 
  there 's a new thing being phased in called universal credit which is trying to make all of these different benefits more simple just by giving one payment but it 's seen by most basically as a way to reduce benefit payments . 
  i already put a few reasons in my original post . 
  poor people need washing machines and cookers . 
  and when you 're poor often the only form of entertainment you have is a tv !, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  you do n't appear to be from the uk so what exactly would you know about borrowing money in the uk ? 
  these companies pray on people with absolutely nothing and who are completely unable to arrange credit at market rates . 
  the poor and the desperate . 
  i live in cyprus but i 'm from a very poor area of the uk . 
  this kind of thing strikes at the absolute heart of the whole `` it 's expensive to be poor '' kind of thing . 
  i was waiting for a friend in town once and was just wondering in to shops and ended up wondering in to bright house , i was after a new laptop at the time so was just having a look . 
  anyway i noticed the apr and price and what not and just could n't resist having a look see . 
  anyway , the laptop i wanted was already over priced by # 200 or so , it was just a pretty basic hp laptop for # 700 ish . 
  so i think the payments worked out at # 15 a week or something but long of the short of it was that it would end up costing # 1,600 in addition to the insurance that was required on it at an extra # 2.50 a week or so . 
  it was much the same for ps4s and xboxes and stuff . 
  i mean it 's very easy from a position of comfort and ask how stupid someone has to be to use those but from a young mother desperate for a washing machine but does n't have any money saved and terrible credit to parents whose kid is absolutely desperate for an xb one for christmas because every other kid has one and they are the only one that does n't and seeing their disappointment breaks your heart ... 
  i can understand why people do these things . 
  i hate these kinds of companies . 
  i asked them . 
  nah we do n't think you 're barbarians or evil aliens . 
  just brainwashed . 
  but then , i suppose you think we 're brainwashed too . 
  but i 'm not the one who thinks russia is n't invading ukraine . 
  are you a serb ? 
  hahahaha mate you could n't be any more of a fucking clich\u00e9 . 
  well it wo n't invade any nato europe because you 'd get wiped off of the face of the earth . 
  and he wonders why people are n't keen on russia . 
  because none of those countries are invading europe right now . 
  so yeah , also your complete fucking moronic draconian arsehole viewpoint which seems to be representative of many of your compatriots is another reason so fuck off pal . 
  russia is literally invading the ukraine right now . 
  the fact you either do n't know this or do n't think this is what is happening is a prime example of why people think russia is a bit ... 5 decades ago, 
  russia is currently invading ukraine . 
  this is one of many reasons why this sub is anti russia . 
  add to that your poor human rights records , press freedom , poor attitude towards homosexuals , just putin generally as well as a lot of other things . 
  well , you are currently invading a european country for a start . 
  this is fun but i feel like the flair will be a give away for most !, 
  seems fair , not too over the top but a severe reprimand and a clear reference to `` do n't do it again '' . 
  come on mate , you know i might as well write down her license number and throw it in the sea for all the good it would do !, 
  yes but the combination of my northern reservedness and her southern exuberance made it a lovely european moment . 
  except proper ettiquette when someone is intently staring at you is to stop what you are doing immediately and apologise . 
  it 's only you johnny foreigners who come over here and break the rules !, 
  actually i live in cyprus , the other day someone drove through a red light at a pedestrian crossing whilst a child was crossing and nearly took the kid out . 
  i stopped by her car at the next lights and gave her the most british look i could , her response was to wave her arms start shouting loudly in the most cypriot/greek way possible . 
  it was a beautiful european moment . 
  til i am finish .
