  yeah but that 's what i 'm saying . 
  is n't an irish car bomb a boston area drink or heavily associated with those irish americans who still hate england ? 
  that 's my point , i know the drink is making fun of the troubles , but it 's not a drink invented by an englishman to laugh at the irish , it 's a drink invented by an american to have a crack at the english is n't it ? 
  is n't that just the plight of millenials the world over ? 
  `` here , have just enough to survive , and nothing more '' . 
  pft , everyone in glorious uk is only here to steal our benefits and live in our amazing eutopic welfare state . 
  uk is amazing . 
  so amazing i moved to cyprus . 
  but ... 
  it is though ... 
  there 's as much difference as there is between england and scotland !, 
  i do n't know why this guy is being downvoted . 
  everyone considers czech eastern europe in the uk . 
  austria is not eastern europe , finland is not eastern europe , cyprus is not eastern europe . 
  czech is , so is croatia etc. . . 
  i 'm sorry if it upsets you folks but eastern europe is more of a concept than a geographical certainty . 
  i 'd love to see a swede in cyprus ... 
  and what makes it the worst to live in ? 
  do you guys eat it ? 
  and you 're right . 
  swearing is a fine art in english and all of the swear words can be used to convey any different number of meanings . 
  fuck off you fucking cunt is extremely different to * fuck off you fucking cunt * . 
  hey buddy that 's not the freedom language this op wants to see !, 
  well , i 'm assuming that 's what whoever downvoted you thinks at least . 
  yes we like swearing you fucking cunt . 
  perkele merde scheisse skit d lort bokkelul as with all things , when it 's appropriate . 
  if it 's a fold up bicycle in a bag you do n't need to book it and can take it on any train . 
  this really raises far more questions than it answers . 
  well , that 's fine . 
  do n't expect that from anywhere and you will be ok . 
  then , any of them ... 
  yes on average . 
  but not cumulatively . 
  there are more professional football teams within 50 miles of my home town in the uk than there are pro american football teams in all of the usa . 
  hell probably less than that . 
  i can count to 12 within 15 miles . 
  same reason the averages are higher , there are a lot more professional teams to go around . 
  total weekly football ( soccer ) attendance worldwide ( and just in europe to be fair ) will dwarf american football . 
  that includes college too . 
  are you on crack ? 
  there are what , 16 games a week ? 
  try googling total attendance and see where the nfl ends up then . 
  or google people who actually play the sports . 
  just google most popular sports in the world . 
  that will prove is . 
  football ( soccer ) is one , cricket is two and then there are like five others until you get to baseball and american football . 
  yes but we 're talking about two different things . 
  i 'm not talking about specific targets because of course if terrorists hit those it would be huge news but generally just an attack in athens or rome i do n't think would carry as much impact as one in paris or london . 
  maybe because they are less attention grabbing targets . 
  still unhappy i see ? 
  still ca n't afford a doctor or a holiday ? 
  it 's funny because you are a massive stereotype . 
  seriously man , whatever it is in your life that 's making you so unhappy i hope it gets better . 
  move to europe , it 's better here . 
  no , i mean in all the world . 
  so if you take all of the people in the world and work out how many of them play what sport , cricket is 2nd . 
  cricket is popular in australia , bangladesh , india , pakistan , south africa , england , new zealand and many other countries but it is very popular in those countries unlike your sports which are n't popular anywhere except your country and japan . 
  and yes you are correct , my mother is an excellent ball catcher , she played rounders for many years !, 
  rounders is like baseball only with fitter , stronger , more agile players . 
  what 's wrong buddy ? 
  are you suffering from stress and depression because you ca n't afford your student debt repayment and have not had a holiday for six years ? 
  mate , you 've got issues . 
  i hope you feel better soon . 
  hey probably ca n't afford to go and see a doctor though eh ? 
  no probs . 
  happy to have shared my knowledge of throwing balls around the world !, 
  worldwide , cricket is more popular than american football and baseball combined . 
  there are also a number of games using a tennis ball which involve throwing and catching , usually played by kids . 
  basically , the entire world throws balls . 
  also american football is not a good example , there are more players on an american football team who might never touch the ball than there are who will catch or throw it regularly . 
  haha yeah . 
  i live in cyprus but would feel dirty having a cypriot flair so just end my comments here with i live in cyprus !, 
  it 's hit 40 degrees a few times recently . 
  i believe it can get as high as 45 later in august . 
  i live in cyprus by the way !, 
  do n't let the flair fool you . 
  if it hit 40 in england it would explode . 
  you really do n't need a citation for the fact that the romans never turned up in the usa ... 
  because a lot of us grew up with tintin and asterix and we fucking love them . 
  also have to say this is one of the more ignorant posts i 've come across here . 
  and that 's really saying something . 
  you do understand that just because something is not successful or well known in the us that does n't automatically mean the rest of the world does n't like it right ? 
  i mean , i agree with you to an extent but the dude is posting in / r/askeurope . 
  it 's hard to ask an entire continent specific questions . 
  he 's looking for perspectives from different people around the eu . 
  my main worry is that other europeans see us the same way as we see americans ... 
  depends where you are i guess , they 're south east rates right ? 
  i know my niece was paying # 21 an hour in bolton earlier this year . 
  any thoughts as to why the death rate is so high in poland ? 
  it 's pretty much at usa levels . 
  in the uk there is no minimum amount of lessons you must take , you can take your test straight away but you will definitely 100 % fail , even if you have spent your life driving on a farm or something . 
  the majority ( quite significant majority in the uk ) of people drive manual cars which is obviously a whole thing to learn before you can even start to think about traffic laws and what not . 
  you have to do a standard theory test in addition to a test about cars and their maintenance . 
  so the standard path would be . 
  around 40 hours of lessons ( anywhere from # 15 to # 25 ish an hour ) but this varied by person taking your theory test at some point during this followed by your practical test which is # 24 followed by the practical test which is # 64 . 
  so if you do 40 hours of lessons at # 20 an hour then # 888 . 
  but driving is very dangerous and is not easy . 
  in the uk there are 2.9 deaths per 100,000 inhabitants per year cause by road accidents . 
  that figure is 10.6 in the usa . 
  the prime minister is the leader of the party with either the overall majority of mps in parliament or the leader of the party with the most mps in a coalition government ( that is n't strictly true , technically the leader of any party in a coalition could be pm but it 's highly unlikely that would ever happen ) .
