  this is bullshit , everyone knows swedes all stay on reddit all day to upvote anything to do with sweden . 
  i have not talked about business like anything . 
  and certainly not in the way you suggest i have . 
  i simply pointed out that even in a deflating economy surely there is a price point at which people and business will pay for the thing they need and if a business does n't have clients willing to pay then it fails and it should fail because it does n't make a product the market wants at the price the market wants it . 
  is there a source that shows people do n't invest in a deflating economy ? 
  surely investment finds areas of the economy that are doing well . 
  but is n't that exactly how shares work ? 
  why should it be different with buying things ? 
  once the price has reached the level where people are happy to pay and demand is higher than supply or at least sufficient then surely the price goes up ? 
  if there 's not enough demand , the business fails . 
  that 's capitalism right ? 
  like i say i have no idea about any of this stuff . 
  is n't that offset by the cheapness of good ? 
  genuine question by the way i have no fucking idea about economics . 
  this is also something i do n't understand . 
  capitalists talk about negative inflation like it 's the end of the world . 
  something something confidence . 
  surely a bit of negative inflation would be a good thing after a decade of inflation being higher than wage rises ? 
  i think last time i asked someone about this they talked about how it was bad for business , ie supermarkets put pressure on their suppliers to cut costs and what not ... not my problem . 
  i 'm pleased to tell you that 6.3 miles is almost exactly 10km . 
  as a brit recently moved to cyprus , it turns out that i am good at measuring short distances in meters but anything over ... 2000m and i just do n't understand the concept unless it 's in miles . 
  yeah , i 'm one of them . 
  i 'm a brit who lives in cyprus . 
  but then the company i worked for asked me to come here . 
  if i just randomly decided to come and live here i would n't bitch and moan about not being able to get a job because i ca n't speak the language of the country i decided to move to . 
  because english master race obviously . 
  do n't you know we expect to be in high demand anywhere on earth and we do n't care what language you jonnie foreigners speak !, 
  english god damn it !, 
  and he 's american !, 
  you know that as soon as an american moves in you need legally need to open a mcdonalds within 6.3 miles and have any locals within 3 miles only speak english and say the pledge of allegiance to the usa everyday . 
  also , each sunday all the locals must gather and chant usa , usa , usa . 
  hahaha . 
  i thought you guys did ok on the fruit and veg ? 
  or is it mostly that corn syrup poison ? 
  well , you are american so that makes sense . 
  they taste like they taste in the uk , just ... more ... 
  yeah they 're shite . 
  honestly i did n't know what fruit and veg was meant to taste like until i moved to cyprus . 
  uh , surely it would just end it ? 
  ha , welcome to england . 
  asda is among the cheaper of the retailers !, 
  probably get them a little cheaper at a market but really not much and they will be more expensive elsewhere . 
  i was stunned at how cheap they were when i moved to cyprus ( although food in cyprus is quite expensive , fish especially which is confusing because it 's a fucking island ) . 
  ahem . 
  edit : # 10.61 a kilo ( $ 13.91 ) for these `` special '' ones at waitrose . 
  they are in season in cyprus at the moment so maybe $ 2.50 . 
  # 3.57 in the uk at the minute . 
  ( $ 4.68 ) from asda . 
  well to be frank you do n't strike me as someone capable of understanding the difference between legitimate criticism and moronic racism . 
  what the fuck are you people talking about ? 
  there is plenty of discussion and news of the negative aspects of migration on this sub but constantly you fucking morons turn up and are all omg muh free spech wer mahguns at . 
  stop being such a fucking victim . 
  '' you often see british people complaining that irish nationalism is anti-british '' no you do n't , we do n't give a shit pal . 
  but ... 
  i 'm on it right now ... what the fuck . 
  it 's late . 
  mighty yurop will come back to life in the morning . 
  i have no idea how we 've managed to fuck it up so amazingly . 
  it was pretty good and then it seems we tried making it bigger for some reason and the somehow an entire fucking new flag developed . 
  well congratulations on blanket statements covering millions of people . 
  they 're fine . 
  just better without us :(, 
  well , for a lot of us it 's devastating and there are no positives to brexit . 
  but i guess we will wait and see . 
  the next comic is a bird eating it immediately . 
  man i love this tune . 
  i love you eu :( . 
  what a thoroughly excellent reply . 
  well thank fuck we fight wars with gdp graphs and not tanks !, 
  this post is brought to you by germans . 
  germans , being german for fucking ages . 
  never change . 
  can we become scandinavian ? 
  we 're super lonely right now . 
  please love us ... you know in , like you love the other scandinavian countries ... ahem . 
  it translates into english well enough , you just have to not be a patriotic loon to think it 's funny and be able to understand sub text . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  what are you some kind of communist who expects businesses operating in a local economy to contribute to that economy ? 
  i always assumed that the whole `` icelandic yogurt '' thing was just marketing i did n't know you guys actually ate it . 
  i love skyr . 
  but i am working class . 
  i just did alright !, 
  one of my all time favourite bolton players . 
  still tweets about us occasionally too . 
  i did n't know rewe was top . 
  when i lived in saarland i shopped there and it did n't strike me as particularly fancy and the check out people were super rude . 
  odd !, 
  as a londoner i think it 's because it 's no where near as good as the oxo tower or the pineapple museum . 
  it 's the most visited attraction in london whilst the true gems go unappreciated by the majority . 
  london eye . 
  it 's a bit tricky without the rest of the context . 
  i assume it 's talking about ( from the first sentence ) a concern about a deficit of democracy within the eu its self which seems to be an oft quoted line from eu sceptics who see the eu as a removal of lock democracy or that it 's difficult to partake in that democracy . 
  it then says that this concern appears to be more based in opinion than in fact . 
  the next bit , it says that critics appear to compare the eu to a functioning democracy on a larger scale which might lead to a diminished national democracy . 
  perhaps that eu democracy might be to the detriment of individual national democracy . 
  that 's how i 'm reading it anyway . 
  basically big eu democracy might hurt small local democracy . 
  well , we make a lot of cars that 's for sure . 
  as for uk managed car firms well i 'm not sure there are many and the ones that are are only small scale . 
  but we make a lot of decent cars .
