there is nothing in life better than a smug troll . 
  it really is the peak of civilisation . 
  russia is n't actually that big a country . 
  their economy is for shit and they are in a demographic death spiral . 
  also corruption is endemic from the very core . 
  they are a lot more limited in the mean term than they realise . 
  the eu will never forgive them for this . 
  / r/polandball, 
  yes , this totally checks out . 
  ireland is moving in with gunships too . 
  belgium is a bit made up tho is n't it ? 
  you guys did n't form a government for like three years or something ? 
  is n't it basically a bit of holland and a bit of france ? 
  i realise that probably sounds stunningly ignorant , but that was always my impression ... 
  it 's like basball and basketballing , only the whole world plays it . 
  yurrrp !!, 
  yuuurrrrppp !, 
  a whole bunch of stars on a sea of blue !!!, 
  yurp !, 
  trust an irishman not to recognise the irish flag . 
  in a calm rational soothing voice . 
  look its a pathology - i can hazard a guess at the state of your socialisation , socio-economic position and that - all that aside speaking more broadly to the forum , having this kind of thing floating around is a bad idea . 
  do the mods really take forever to notice this stuff ? 
  what are you doing here ? 
  you actually are a racist - i think there 's a point to be made that the mods could consider looking at this - this guy is pretty off beam , and race hate speech is not really a great idea in a public forum . 
  `` want to preserve a white eu '' look - you 're just a weird little racist - why not start a white race sub reddit , and you guys can go there to talk ? 
  i 'm being serious - why did we let hungary into the eu ? 
  it 's still a crazy country and it does n't look or feel reliably democratic at all ? 
  i think it would probably be better if hungary were to leave the eu . 
  it 's getting hard enough to keep them operating within social legal norms as it is . 
  jess this is turning into a sub of stupid people . 
  or this topic is really bringing them out of the woodwork . 
  yeah ok well . 
  ireland is blameless is the main thing . 
  it 's like a currency built by four humourless people who needed five other people to play with it in order for anything to work . 
  a currency between the benelux , germany and whatever dutch is a calcified turd no one cares about . 
  this currency is rich northern shit former empires that fucked up africa as a playtime a hundred years ago trying to fashion global coin for their sole benefit and a lot of people are starting to hate them for it . 
  europe is rich country fat museum lie . 
  europe is just a bunch of former war like imperials acting polite with no governing beliefs . 
  europe is a lie . 
  there is no europe . 
  i can only re-state what i said below because i think there is a dissonance building in germany about the reality of what they are trying to be let do to greece , and the picture germany paints for itself , about its role in a currency that is effectively artificially deflating their nominal currency to the point where they reap insane export advantages , as ben bernanke of the us administration has clearly and recently outlined . 
  so the bit from below again for consideration : ------------- the comments of your finance minister schauble to timothy geithner in 2012 - directly recalled by geithner - that greece should `` be let burn '' raised the deepest fears across europe about what yet remains in the german psyche that has lead europe to hell on more than one occasion . 
  my own thinking is that schauble is clinically insane and the germans seem to have no problem with it . 
  given germany is operating in a hegemonistic aspect now , i 'm finding myself increasingly and fundamentally worried about the long term implications of a german controlled europe . 
  i would n't say i 'm the only one either . 
  on the night where tsipras was `` mentally waterboarded '' hollande after a certain point was apparently just staring at merkel and the kinds of things she was coming out with . 
  to be brutally honest i 'm not sure germany is completely right in the head . 
  the public phrases coming from the eu now , like `` mental waterboarding '' of a democratically elected state leader verge on the * absolute outright insane * and i feel they may be a product of german influence . 
  hands up anyone here who is absolutely sure germany is completely and definitely cured of being the recent fifty year old historical germany . 
  lately the eu sounds , and seems to be acting , insane . 
  it 's officious , and there are structures , and there are eurogroups , and there are some dutch , and belgians , but the eu seems largely and increasingly insane . 
  i think that somewhere in all of that , there is ribald , unreconstructed pre-war germany emerging . 
  i frankly do . 
  the language is insane , and schauble is palpably insane . 
  the comments of your finance minister schauble to timothy geithner in 2012 - directly recalled by geithner - that greece should `` be let burn '' raised the deepest fears across europe about what yet remains in the german psyche that has lead europe to hell on more than one occasion . 
  my own thinking is that schauble is clinically insane and the germans seem to have no problem with it . 
  given germany is operating in a hegemonistic aspect now , i 'm finding myself increasingly and fundamentally worried about the long term implications of a german controlled europe . 
  i would n't say i 'm the only one either . 
  on the night where tsipras was `` mentally waterboarded '' hollande after a certain point was apparently just staring at merkel and the kinds of things she was coming out with . 
  to be brutally honest i 'm not sure germany is completely right in the head . 
  no but if they leave an irrevocable currency it stops being a currency and becomes a hard peg exchange rate mechanism . 
  that 's what the markets will tear apart . 
  the eu principles behavior throughout this has been insane . 
  just straight up off their rocker insane . 
  it is the very furthest thing from realpolitik . 
  it 's ideologically driven and largely being done out of petty spite at this stage . 
  he 's right . 
  various european partners tried monetary union in the nineteenth century - like around five times . 
  each time it fell apart after a decade or so . 
  this one is coming apart pretty much on schedule . 
  it was a shit idea and now it 's blowing up in everyone 's faces . 
  monetary union without true fiscal and political union is inherently flawed . 
  they were just so full of bullshit and hot air about european destiny in the nineties they decided to apply magical thinking to the problem . 
  basically this is about a bunch of rich northern european countries wanting the currency that advantages them solely on their terms . 
  they refuse to countenance the need for internal transfers because it disadvantages them , and every time it 's brought up they put their fingers in their ears and start screaming . 
  it really looks like they 're trying to provoke grexit and with it , the almost certain unwinding of the euro . 
  if greece leaves it transitions from being a currency into a hard peg exchange rate mechanism cloaked in ludicrous pomp . 
  then the markets will tear it to shreds as the utter bullshit it is . 
  i think the eu is terminally fucked if i 'm honest . 
  who ever thought any of this insane bullshit was a good idea should be strung up . 
  the germans are gone back to being insane with a taste for other people 's suffering and the decision making overall is mindbogglingly tangled . 
  the whole thing is a mess , not least the fact that the eu participants in this fucking madhouse process have managed to convince themselves that they can have people leave an irrevocable currency for a few years . 
  if greece leaves it stops being a currency and it becomes a hard peg exchange rate mechanism . 
  the implications flowing out of that are absolutely batshit crazy . 
  i think a lot of people are waking up to the fact that this is n't strategy and bluff , schauble is just straight up out of his fucking mind . 
  he 's insane . 
  germany is looking disturbingly weird these days . 
  that 's in brackets though . 
  they could n't nail down the details last night . 
  schauble just started screaming about blood sacrifices and it apparently got very awkward . 
  then he started stabbing his thigh with a fork and things got seriously messy . 
  they have a nuclear trigger they 're not fully in control of - which is voiding the euro in their state . 
  the potential ramifications leading out from that are potentially cataclysmic . 
  that exit does n't exist in any legislation . 
  as an act of will the euro requires that it be utterly irrevocable . 
  if it can be revoked - if it 's shown that it can be revoked - the implications are potentially beyond nighmarish . 
  that 's a very very very very big house of cards they built , and it 's only been standing 15 years . 
  that 's the greek card , and it is the ne plus ultra of aces . 
  they 've offered cuts , pension rationalisation , tons of stuff .
