  you 're fucking hilarious chum . 
  as whataboutism goes , that takes the biscuit . 
  this is horseshit . 
  and your side spent decades refusing to recognise stuff as a obvious the bloody sunday massacre . 
  the english generally do not apologise for fuck all . 
  this is just whataboutism bollocks . 
  this is just ranting bollocks you 're spouting . 
  the uk state set the ground for the troubles by overseeing a hellish sectarian apartheid state . 
  take a shit on community for long enough and you 're going to get unpleasant outcomes . 
  like a multi-decade sectarian conflict . 
  martin mcguiness is the child of british and ulster unionist decisions . 
  yes he killed people . 
  but he got his side to the peace table . 
  and he oversaw the peace as deputy first minister for a decade . 
  that 's quite a journey . 
  er , it totally was big bad bigoted unionists . 
  that exactly what it was . 
  that state was an existential sectarian hell for catholics . 
  are you high ? 
  the original sin lies with the british state . 
  they oversaw a nightmarish sectarian apartheid state that basically operated with the express intention to make life hell for the catholic populace . 
  that 's the seed ground for the resurgence of the ira in the seventies . 
  take a shit on an entire people for long enough and you 're going to get seriously unwelcome outcomes . 
  like a two decade sectarian conflict . 
  yes , historically , if you were a large american multinational , you probably benefitted from a set of state arrangements that effectively lowered your tax burden . 
  a lot of that dates back two and half decades . 
  it 's not reflective of the current regime , and no more than the hypothetical corporate entity favoured in the pwc report , it does n't represent a fair picture of the irish situation . 
  while it may not be overall 12.5 % it 's not anything like 2 % either . 
  repeatedly saying it does n't make it so , and feel free to keep ignoring the fact that other eu major states are lying through their teeth about their corporation tax rate and never getting called on it . 
  france can effectively decide what the corporation tax rate is going to be on a per company basis depending on how badly they want them in france , and their real rate can go well down into single figures . 
  there is pot kettle black all over the place here . 
  it 's total horseshit . 
  no , what you 're saying is bollocks . 
  ireland 's effective corpo tax rate is not 2 % you numpty . 
  and it 's absolutely true that most other major european states are lying through their teeth about their corporation tax rates . 
  france more than anyone . 
  they are complete bullshit artists . 
  you 're seceding from a union and your biggest daily is crowing that the eu is about to disintegrate . 
  they have a strong existential reason for making an object lesson titled : `` if you would care to secede from the european union please refer to the case of the u.k. and how well it worked out for them . '', 
  that 's brass tacks and a political reality . 
  yeah i know , that , but post the revolution irish people were n't clamouring to `` claim subject status '' . 
  the english crown held zero legal sway . 
  we , as it were , shot them en masse as an occupying power and we threw them out . 
  effectively it does n't matter what any act crafted by the crown thereafter would amend or state . 
  the irish constitution created an irish republic of citizens . 
  the force of irish law under our constitution does n't give a crap what acts they could or would later introduce . 
  the english could leave doors open for the anglo irish and others to access but that 's their own lookout . 
  it does n't matter a toss what addendums they put together - the irish constitution from its enactment trumps everything . 
  that 's the revolution baby . 
  the english could say the moon was blue afterwards - it ultimately does n't matter . 
  our written constitution is supreme . 
  christ alive , i should feel sorry for you . 
  i mean that . 
  you are a cultural gollum clinging onto a really crap nationalist bigoted self image . 
  it 's not going to do you any favours . 
  although it 's apparently spreading around england like rabies this weather so i suppose you 're not alone . 
  enjoy it anyway . 
  you 're eating gruel . 
  oh dude ... you 're sad . 
  god no dude . 
  the irish revolution and enactment of the free state constitution strikes everything . 
  terry wogan was not a british subject say , the pre 49 had access to a form of dual citizenship , that he had access to but they 're not royal subjects dude . 
  no one post the revolution and tossing out the english ever has to bow , as it were . 
  they 're held primarily under the irish free state constitution as citizens . 
  unless say , they 're anglo irish leftovers and they 'd somehow like to bow for the craic - which is cool too . 
  you protect the gaeltachts as far as state action can - the meath gaeltacht and belfast are oddly hardy for new growth . 
  the connemara gaeltacht takes no prisoners and then some . 
  there are , if you branch it out through translation work at eu level , stage governance , television and radio commissions , well into the low teens of thousands of jobs dependant on a fluent command of our native tongue . 
  there 's not exactly a swathe of the country speaking it , but what there is , is very unlikely to go any time soon . 
  there 's a basic bulwark in place . 
  connemara and kerry look effectively indestructible . 
  thank god really . 
  well yeah - as in throwing them out - but , you know , job done there . 
  hey - we 've had the queen over sure . 
  it 's all good . 
  shit is centuries old most of it . 
  you 'd be annoyed if the revolution failed but , it totally did n't . 
  we kicked their asses . 
  i 'm a citizen and they 're all stuck as royal subjects . 
  has to suck that one really . 
  i mean christ - royal subject ? 
  are you having a laugh ? 
  the english are hilarious . 
  oh - i see - you 're just a little englander bigot . 
  jesus why did n't you say so in the first place ? 
  you people are complete morons . 
  you make your country look bad - you know that right ? 
  yesss - they totally were , but you could argue they saw it as a vehicle really . 
  kind of a locus you could draw people in around . 
  it was n't a disinterested gaelic bookclub - let 's put it that way . 
  no we 're discussing a map in three stages . 
  there are prior stages . 
  you 're just trying to frame it in a certain way . 
  and you 're doing a shit job of it . 
  your state inculcated a worthlessness to the language by brutal means including employment discrimination when you still held colonial sway . 
  that , unfortunately , outlasted us throwing you out of the republic . 
  your comparisons to italy for those who went abroad are * particularly * vapid and moronic btw . 
  they never encountered the social acid that was english colonial governance . 
  you genuinely have n't got the best brain on display here . 
  and also , in point of fact , we do n't speak english , we speak hiberno english , there is an ocean of critical analysis on the nature of irish as it flowed into our practise of english .
