  sometimes the europe sub is run like an extension of r/ireland ... 
  ireland unveiled plans to prop up greedy ass publicans more like . 
  mmmmmm . 
  source : londoner . 
  that is total bollocks . 
  sure thing . 
  well it seemed like a reason at the time . 
  you can hear the turkish pilot screaming at the russian jet to break south for two minutes solid . 
  then he crossed into turkish airspace anyway - for the lulz presumably , then the turkish jet blew him out of the sky . 
  there is a sequence of events there . 
  germany 's actions towards greece , and schauble 's statements about `` letting greece burn '' have altered a lot of people 's perceptions about germany . 
  it lost very large amounts of goodwill over the last twelve months . 
  people are a lot more ambivalent about germany and the degree to which the eu is structured to economically benefit germany . 
  we did it in ireland after the economy blew up . 
  presumably someone with a german accent suggested it . 
  the scheme was called jobsbridge . 
  because we 're irish and not german it was a bit flakey and there was quite a lot of abuse of the system , but i think overall the feeling is it did move the needle a bit on employment . 
  better than nothing under the circumstances . 
  it was a moronic decision for self harm made by a surprisingly stupid populace responding to lies peddled by demagogues narcissists and charlatans . 
  it turns out the english are idiots , more or less . 
  loud morons saying things like `` are you reading impaired '' just makes the internet a tedious place to be . 
  you 're a prat . 
  i think it 's quite a bit more than what you 're stating depending on the time horizon but if we 're going there , the complexity of what 's going to happen to uk university research funding ( what 's already happening really ) and the u.k. having to take over the entire agriculture subsidy system - there 's a mountain of shit coming down the pike . 
  the real deep impacts are going to take years to play out . 
  it 'll be a miracle if it 's not seen as a fucking disaster ten years out tbh . 
  you 're one to talk mate . 
  it 's going to cost the uk 2.5 of gdp - in that will represent the economic contraction due to brexit . 
  that represents a financial loss ten or more times the size of the annual contribution after rebate and results in a permanently smaller , if growing economy . 
  the people who voted for brexit were irrational little englander idiots , plain and simple . 
  most of those of you who voted to leave were morons responding to clear lies and racist dog whistles . 
  i 'm not sure your macro-economic forward planning was tip top overall . 
  oh the irish have their moments for sure . 
  but this is stunningly moronic . 
  the english are - on a stone tablet - verified fucking morons for this one . 
  well the feeling is it needs pointing out . 
  it 's going to prove to one of the most monumentally stupid things the english have ever done . 
  the eu have already said the financial passport mechanism will now probably be withdrawn . 
  that 's the end of selling financial services into the eu . 
  which is by a galactic mile the largest market for your financial services and most of the reason you have such a massive financial services centre for international clients . 
  you fucked the eu and now they 're going to fuck you back . 
  you 're fucking screwed . 
  hsbc already avnnounced they 're nixing a thousand london jobs and heading to paris . 
  you think this stops there ? 
  everyone told the english this would immediately go nuts . 
  but they 're fucking morons , and they were too busy listening to a racist blow smoke up their own deluded ass campaign . 
  they 're morons . 
  england does n't have an african or middle eastern migrants . 
  it 's barely let in a few thousand . 
  all it has is a fairly moronic population that responds really well to clear disprovable lies and calls to general racism . 
  i 'm not sure england has any clue how nightmarishly brain damaged and ugly it looks right now . 
  you keep saying xenophobic like it has magical passive agressive powers . 
  criticising visibly moronic decisions , a visibly racist campaign , and clearly predicted negative outcomes comprehensively ignored by a moron electorate is n't xenophobic . 
  it 's an observable statement of fact ? 
  english people , on this evidence , and there 's a lot of it , are morons , and they 're proven surprisingly racist as well . 
  trust me when i tell you that i would not be the only observer drawing those conclusions . 
  seriously . 
  what ? 
  the english just effectively proved they 're an incredible pack of morons ? 
  the new yorker cover is english people doing funny walks off a cliff . 
  they 're fucking idiots , and quite surprisingly and virulently racist as well ? 
  this is coming from direct observation as it were . 
  they 're morons . 
  65 % for independence in polls just published . 
  and that 's the end of the u.k. . as an irish person i 'm kind of engaging in a bit of schadenfreude , but seriously : the english are fucking morons . 
  everything they were warned about and ignored is happening , and everything they were promised turned out to be bullshit . 
  seriously ; the english are kind of racist , but primarily they 're just absolute fucking morons . 
  they 're were the primary reasons for the morons in england . 
  would you be in a position to ? 
  or was this really just stupid english people blowing smoke up their own ass at their amazing specialness being stolen from them . 
  that and all the rampant racism in the campaign has led many observers to describe the english as broadly racist easily led morons . 
  well you made a moronic choice . 
  that 's the important thing to remember . 
  it kind of marks you as a moron . 
  it was an idiotic idea and it has created an unholy fusion of the far right within the tory party along with the far right in ukip ... and the real horrors beyond . 
  cameron has opened pandora 's box and sooner or later there will be an utterly destructive hard right administration/internal tory putsch - one that is going to wreck the social compact in this country . 
  if you squint your eyes you can see a kind of neo-facism forming around them . 
  it 's gates of hell material this . 
  brilliant rhetoric . 
  not being able to fathom things . 
  it 's like the parthenon in here . 
  great minds , incisive language , intellectual lightning strikes . 
  it 's amazing . 
  at least dubai has a seedy laissez faire thing going on . 
  doha is like heuston with no free speech and an indian slave caste dropping like flies . 
  it 's just a shithole part of the world with delusions of its own grandeur . 
  i have no desire for a united ireland . 
  the six countries is n't even economically self sustaining . 
  the irish state does n't have the spare 15 billion pounds per annum they would need to spend supporting the six counties . 
  we 've released the constitutional claim . 
  the north can do what it likes , given it 's now a functioning society with a power sharing structure , and a galaxy of legislation restraining protestant instincts to discriminate against the catholic population and advance the society purely on protestant sectarian lines . 
  essentially the northern protestants have been spayed by london and dublin so we can all go back to our lives and stop thinking about the north because thinking about the north is a pain in the ass . 
  that is the saddest excuse for whataboutism i 've ever heard , you 're sodding pathetic . 
  why did n't you bring up the dinosaurs . 
  reaching back into history to say that you do n't have to acknowledge the utter shittiness of the uk state 's role in the north is just pisspoor weak sauce . 
  you should be ashamed of yourself . 
  my sister lives there you gormless fuckwit . 
  i know what i 'm talking about , and i 've watched them set their bonfires , heard people shout out asking if i was a taidhg . 
  northern unionists are just a shitty group of humans who felt lessened when they could no longer piss on the catholic community . 
  they 're shit people . 
  you 're comparing state collusion with protestant paramilitary groups in northern ireland to mismanagement of debt loads across the eu .
