  but it has to come with debt rationalisation and some structural investment funds . 
  three part deal . 
  oh they 're insane alright . 
  at least by the definition of repeating an action and expecting anything other than the same result . 
  they 're practising right wing economic dogma that has so far shrunk the greek economy by a quarter . 
  they 're are indeed fucking insane . 
  there were not suggestions , greece is being refused the option of substitution . 
  and cutting spending in an economy that has contracted 26 % inside a few years is outright fucking insanity . 
  you 'd need to address the specifics a little better there . 
  that means debt rationalisation . 
  the imf wo n't sign off something without a plausible long term debt profile . 
  and they do n't see greeces debt profile as remotely plausible . 
  that 's not really the point - it 's not about economic exposure to greece 's financial collapse . 
  it 's the repercussions of the euro being voided in a eu state . 
  that 's what can not happen . 
  everything else - all the other potential outcomes are shadow boxing relative to that reality . 
  greece ca n't drop out of the euro because of the potential nightmare that precedence opens up for the currency itself . 
  you 're missing the point - it does n't what the trigger would be - it ca n't happen . 
  the potential repercussions are way way way way too insane . 
  but it is a stance . 
  grexit simply can not happen . 
  there is no mechanism in legislation for exiting the euro . 
  if greece dumps out of the currency there is no telling what might happen . 
  if a country can leave then the currency is mortal , and the only thing holding that currency together is will . 
  there 's no federal exchequer , no federal taxes , no nothing . 
  that currency is real because the eu says it 's real . 
  if it stops existing in greece that it can stop existing somewhere else . 
  once the market internalizes that fact then the consequences are potentially mindblowing . 
  one third of all global contracts are denominated in euros . 
  even the contracts originating in greece , and you 'd think there are some big shipping ones - they 're going to have the immediate litigation over what currency does the contract fall to - the newly re asserted drachma or the originating currency on the other end ? 
  multiply that with a collapsing southern euro around portugal and spain say - and you have a cluster fuck of thermonuclear galactic proportions . 
  if the euro destabilizes it could take the entire global economy with it . 
  it would be like a financial nuclear winter . 
  greece - under absolutely no circumstances - can it be allowed to exit the euro . 
  ca n't happen . 
  c. a. n. n. o. t. 
  and so my riposte , which is to ask you to get fucked , you bigoted moron . 
  but my god it 's not fair . 
  we ca n't have them forever . 
  my sister runs an arts group up there . 
  during the summer when they go mental they actually light bonfires outside belfast hospitals so ambulances have to go around the back . 
  they 're insufferable . 
  christ almighty . 
  maybe a space colony down the line . 
  like the protestant space pioneers or something . 
  you shame my dark sectarian soul . 
  seriously - have you * met * northern irish protestants ? 
  because i 'm telling you - it 's not a party . 
  just had a mild relocation fantasy . 
  it 'd be much nicer if we were running it too . 
  some great landscape up there . 
  it 's just full of bonkers really angry loyalists trying to figure out who they 're allowed to hate - right now its the chinese immigrants bearing the brunt of it apparently . 
  but that would force us to start shooting you again . 
  and we just got rid of all the guns . 
  well absolutely . 
  they should at least see the irony / karmic retribution of such an outcome . 
  but they 're wonderful . 
  you have no idea - rich sense of humour , frequently sing , strong sense of history , excellent fire lighting abilities - bit of a fixer upper but full of their own unique charm . 
  you really wo n't regret it . 
  triple lock irish guarantee . 
  wonderful addition to the mainland uk family . 
  but if we remove them then we do n't have to deal with them . 
  think what a nice time they 'd have in the island of jersey . 
  all those track suit falls road teenagers lighting bonfires every summer , threatening the local chinese takeaways - all that stuff . 
  jersey would be lucky to have them . 
  or the isle of man . 
  or one of jupiters moons . 
  one of those . 
  you know it bruvver . 
  i 'm comfortable with my position . 
  northern ireland . 
  and by unite i mean merge , and by merge i mean take over , and by take over i mean throwing all the insane protestant unionists out . 
  there 's some really nice landscape in northern ireland being completely spoiled by bonkers unionists screaming racist obscenities at everyone while they wait to get full employment building the next titanic for king george - or whatever masturbatory fantasies it is they have . 
  tl : dr - merge with northern ireland for lebensraum , clear it of insane bigoted unionists . 
  jog on . 
  anyone who lists that west brit gasbag as their hero should probably apply for the british passport and then immediately purchase all twelve volumes of `` world war one , is n't england so fucking fascinating '' . 
  so no wonder you want the irish language dead , because you 're just another one of those useless post colonial culturally self loathing contorted idiots that dot our republic . 
  oh look , it 's kevin myers left testicle found sentience and typing on a keyboard . 
  this is just a weird irish wanker carrying a peculiar hatred of the language as a form of post colonial psychological boil . 
  they are a relentless , tedious form of psychological lice on the irish group cultural mind . 
  well , as long as you do n't have time not inclination we 're all good . 
  bangladesh is a country ? 
  something new everyday . 
  i know that 's out there - that the eu federally integrates or the euro dies , and i know the historical precedence , also the problem of having a federal currency without a federal exchequer . 
  i get all that . 
  but what i do n't get is why the euro is fated to die now , in this century . 
  it already handles a third or something of global contracts . 
  in terms of the globe we live in , the euro simply ca n't fail . 
  the entire western banking system nearly imploded getting on for ten years ago . 
  if that did n't manage to take out a nascent european currency - what do you imagine will ? 
  i think the immediate continuous perennial death of the euro is half drama really . 
  we 're addicted to eu narrative drama . 
  that being said if greece crashes out then all bets are off as that creates precedent . 
  but that 's why everyone knows it ca n't happen . 
  so presumably they wo n't let it happen . 
  unless schauble really * is * quietly insane . 
  you are a dick . 
  anytime someone uses the word promulgation , you know it 's an armchair warrior . 
  then when they suggest the european experience of the banking crisis that originated in yankee c.d.o.s is actually instead a deliberate exercise , that 's when when you know they 're wearing tinfoil on their head to keep out the bad microwaves . 
  that 's pompous and ludicrous .
