  you 're bloviating . 
  sure , but if you break your arm in cologne - you do n't end up paying ten grand . 
  get cancer and you do n't go bankrupt . 
  a bag of saline water does n't get costed at five hundred euro . 
  there 's a question of what those dollars buy you in a broader context . 
  again : life outcomes , longevity , infant mortality rates , poverty , education levels , gun violence and any number of other things could get raised here , and being honest , i also do n't think the notion of median income makes sense referring to america given the grossly unequal distribution of weath ? 
  yes i 'm well aware of that - i was using the phrase euphemistically . 
  yeah that 's hard to argue with . 
  given having actually googled . 
  finally . 
  europe has scale differentials in the economies . 
  europe did n't start with vegetables in new hampshire and tobacco in virginia . 
  europe has a heavy set in terms of state assets , but you 're talking deep ownership of pharmaceuticals there . 
  and that 's france . 
  nevermind germany . 
  the fact that there is a gigantic hinterland of relatively undeveloped states being tied in could be termed a growth opportunity given german gdp is four trillion . 
  as it currently sits the eu represents a larger legally demarcated economic entity than the us . 
  most of the current global product safety regulations are defacto eu regulations given the us frailties on federal consensus . 
  the eu could be termed a clearer calmer zone than the us . 
  we 've still got a silently effective bureaucracy on a lot of stuff . 
  that feels an older argument before wall street insanity blew up half the western system , but i 'm inclined to believe the eu tortoise will get organically and ungovernably large . 
  at which point we hand over actual federal powers . 
  the germans will have to pay through the nose though . 
  federalism means federal transfers right ? 
  they 'll want to see portugese acting like dusseldorfers before they buy it . 
  hence the current waterboarding of southern states i suppose . 
  well i am . 
  lets face it . 
  look it 's off the cuff stuff on my part here , but the fact that 95 % of the eu population know nothing of this anthem speaks volumes . 
  the fact that it 's hacked together out of a classical piece says another . 
  if this is the anthem - i have n't even googled it . 
  it does n't exist is the point . 
  someone can tell me it 's the european federal anthem - but its not . 
  it 's a milksop to brussels and giscard destang and all the lunatic grandeur of the failed constitution . 
  they tried for a constitution and it was shot dead by the french and the dutch . 
  it was the irish prime minister of the time bertie ahern who stretched everything to get agreed negotiation from the smaller states on that constitution , and two of the primary core state populations shot it in the head . 
  that anthem means nothing to anyone . 
  the eu elite are urinating into a hurricane of malevolent citizen dis-interest to their federal goals . 
  their determined ability to ignore the urine sprayed on their suits is the miracle . 
  as long as there are state votes - and for at least decades hence - there will be no federal superstate . 
  that 's just it kids . 
  i 'm broadly inclined to agree , but its still really hard to see it getting past the amount of referenda required . 
  the days of them quietly slotting the brickwork in are over . 
  they need to move to broadly populist appeals where they recognise the fight required to win hearts and minds . 
  and that scenario feels just crazily unlikely . 
  the only thing that occurs to me is that geo-political and economic shifts would be needed so that everyone felt the ground shaking and decided to do it for reasons that would be far more apparent to them decades out than it is now . 
  they 'll need a self interested rationale to create a federal superstate and the big levers required to shift a few hundred million minds are not clear at all sitting here . 
  part of me thinks you simply ca n't pull it off . 
  that anything on that scale simply ca n't happen the way nation states are dissembling to begin with . 
  the uk , belgium , spain - there 's lots of parts of the eu that would like to be more patchwork than they are now . 
  i love john adams off the hbo - but you get a sense even in a tinier version of the us run entirely by a coterie of wealthy white men , they barely pulled it off ? 
  yes , ideally not some lunatic der nibelung thing no one has ever heard of ? 
  they 'd do better canonising a eurovision winner at this rate . 
  your history seems to be full of fairly pompous long winded positions on a wide variety of stuff chum , so ditto . 
  i think that 's unlikely - the size of the economy is decently different - also when speaking about average wealth , it 's nearly an impossible conversation to have because america is such a grossly unequal society - experiment in pure capitalism and all that . 
  it 's pretty commonly accepted that the quality of life across virtually all markers is greater in the eu than for an american citizen . 
  you can argue it but you 'd be pushing a boulder up the hill . 
  american social fabric has been decaying for a few decades now too , and their middle class has atrophied badly . 
  there 's a pretty good argument that america is an oligarchy at this point . 
  the quality of life for a vast number of americans is extremely poor and precarious at that . 
  not getting sick or injured is an excellent idea in america . 
  it really is a deeply deeply flawed society . 
  why ? 
  our economy is larger than americas , life outcomes are better , longevity is greater , infant mortality is lower , inequality and poverty is drastically lower , healthcare is far less expensive and far more effective , regulation of stuff like telecommunications is way better providing superior service at lower cost , you know - i could go on but that gives a pretty decent flavour of it ... 
  hang on . 
  - alabama is a dirt poor state ? 
  it 's continuously in debt , health outcomes are horrific - there is no way alabama is in any sense wealthier than half the eu states . 
  that 's just a ridiculous statement . 
  alabama is the definition of the dirt poor south . 
  europe generally has quite an enviable quality of life when you factor in health , social protection , education , mobility and quality of life . 
  there are no mechanisms for internal transfer in times of economic stress . 
  that 's why ireland spain greece and portugal are being let go through mid size full blown depressions with war reparation style repayment schedules . 
  the eu stinks right now . 
  it 's an economic and banking union being run by germans and bankers , and all they 're interested in right now is getting the core banks paid back every penny owed after the financial meltdown . 
  europe will never integrate because in the end there was shown to be no europe . 
  just merkel and financial agencies and bankers . 
  everything else melted away . 
  we would need an anthem , a shared sense of identity , a strong civic sense of loyalty to the federal authority , a creation myth , a shared language ideally , and thus far all that occurs to me we have is a shared taste for nordic noir . 
  and that 's not going to fucking do it really . 
  full federal state is fifty years off minimum . 
  and that 's if they go at it relentlessly like water drip torture until the state voters come around to the idea . 
  go at it too fast and you 'll have the national front running france , podemos in spain and ukip in coalition government in the uk . 
  in other words piss people off enough and they 'll murderously poison the pool of the elite to see federalisation dead . 
  that is all incorrect . 
  because if they had n't had them sign a non compete clause - at any point the three could up stakes and set an equivalent show up at a rival broadcaster for gigantic sums of money . 
  the bbc own the format - they would have set up contractual legal redress if the presenting team attempted to set up an equivalent show on a rival broadcaster . 
  that would apply equally now . 
  clarkson has leeway - you can see it in that he has already produced christmas dvds outside the top gear brand along the lines of `` clarksons greatest cars '' or what have you . 
  he could probably continue doing something in that vein and sell them through netflix as specials . 
  that would be fine - but put hammond and may in it , start doing reviews and interviewing people , then the bbc will nuke the entire production company involved from orbit . 
  anyone got the article ? 
  it 's the stated complicit will of virtually the entire eu political elite . 
  they 're pretty much acting as a permanent civil service on the issue . 
  any civil service is generally like the sea . 
  unless the voters pull out the basic local plinths repeatedly , europe should be a fiscal , exchequer and federal union inside 50 years . 
  what the are you on about ? 
  the russians turning into a kleptocracy thug panto of the ussr under vladimir botox berlusconi has fuck all to do with the brits and the americans ffs . 
  the unionist in the north were absolute bigoted cunts of the first order who created a hell apartheid state for the catholics , who slowly completely lost it , leading to the rise of the ira and a thirty year armed conflict with the unionists and the british state . 
  what 's this bollocks ? 
  do you see yourself standing with a shagging mike in your hand ?
