  and no one is denying that there were collaborators with the nazis in lithuania . 
  there 's absolutely no dispute and there never was unlike in france as it turns out from your article . 
  it 's when snobs like you start brushing everything with broad brushes and generalizing everything that facts go out the window . 
  go read a book instead of watching the history channel and skimming through wikipedia pages for your historical facts . 
  so you 're gon na generalize everything into `` good and bad '' ? 
  i guess nuance means a different thing in french . 
  you yourself gave the source and it says exactly what i said before , which you mocked . 
  a few thousands were actively taking part in the killings does not mean that those who were n't were all like `` yay go team '' . 
  how is this so hard to comprehend exactly ? 
   http://www.nytimes.com/1995/07/17/world/chirac-affirms-france-s-guilt-in-fate-of-jews.html?_r=0 good for you . 
  our first president acknowledged it also . 
  that does n't mean that france and lithuania were not occupied at the time by nazis and the majority of the blame goes on them whichever nationality or ethnicity they were . 
  the biggest point i 'm trying to make is that the ideology should be blamed not countries , ethnicities or nationalities . 
  what op said made it sound like all lithuanians were nazis and even if it 's just poor phrasing or because of a lack of a disclaimer , it pisses me off that those who risked their lives to save jews are then lumped in with the scumbags who were collaborating with the nazis . 
  as if lithuania wanted to be occupied and have a percentage of their population get slaughtered by a different percentage of the population collaborating with the occupiers . 
  um , no , you 're just generalizing a complex issue and neglecting any kind of nuance completely . 
   on the other hand , until very recently lithuania was just saying what you are saying about poor farmers and few degenerates , except that lithuania did it as a state to the faces of survivors and israeli officials . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  brazauskas went to israel and issued a formal apology and gave a speech about the holocaust ( despite lithuania being occupied at that time of the holocaust ) . 
  you know , the first president of lithuania . 
  how much sooner did you want it to happen ? 
  or were you not even born at that time ? 
  you 're basically saying that poland and lithuania fucked up because they got occupied . 
  how is that not victim blaming exactly ? 
  go tell a random polish person that poland should of handled wwii better . 
  do you blame austria because hitler was austrian ? 
  do you blame georgia that stalin was georgian ? 
  from your source :  not all of the lithuanian populace supported the killings . 
  ** out of a population of close to 3,000,000 ( 80 % of it ethnic lithuanians ) , a few thousands took an active part in the killings ** while many hundreds risked their lives sheltering the jews . 
  israel has recognized 723 lithuanians as righteous among the nations for risking their lives to save jews during the holocaust . 
  in addition , many members of the polish minority in lithuania also helped to shelter the jews . 
  lithuanians and poles who risked their lives saving jews were persecuted and often executed by the nazis . 
  edit : should i be blaming france for surrendering to nazi german ? 
  i mean clearly if they surrendered virtually without a fight that means they supported them , right ? 
  feel free to provide sources that state otherwise smartass . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  you ca n't expect farmers to go on a suicide mission ( even before they know what 's happening btw ) and if they do n't do that then say that they turned a blind eye . 
  those who could risk their lives for the betterment of others did do so . 
  there 's also human psychology to take into consideration . 
  mob mentality , propaganda , fight or flight , the historical climate , etc. 
  was it a horrible thing to have happened ? 
  no doubt about that . 
  were lithuanians to blame ? 
  lithuanians were also the victims . 
  also as far as i 'm concerned the jews living in lithuania were citizens of lithuania as well so that 's blaming the victim in my book . 
  the nazis were responsible for this . 
  however , that does not in turn mean that all germans were nazis . 
  see what i 'm trying to get at ? 
  so if a few thousand out of 3 million were supportive does that means that the rest of the population were n't lithuanians ? 
  the majority of the society were farmers who had no idea of what was happening . 
  do n't say it was the fault of every single lithuanian because of a few thousand opportunist scum . 
  and do that everyday . 
  several times per day . 
  i wholeheartedly agree . 
  this idea has been bouncing in my head ever since i saw vikings . 
  there would be a lot of kickass tv series out there if every country got the vikings treatment . 
  true . 
  especially since after mindaugas got killed lithuania reverted back to paganism . 
  or i guess the efforts to christianize went out the window . 
  if mindaugas ' taking another dude 's wife and getting killed over it and then his son coming back from the clergy to exact revenge and then leaving once it 's all over is n't got material then i do n't know what is . 
  basically any history of a country forming is got . 
  lots of backstabbing and power struggles . 
   coming to an apskrities near you !, 
  haha !, 
  almost :d, 
  i 'm not that into black metal but i 'll check it out . 
  thanks !, 
  is that a real band logo ? 
  do n't be greedy . 
  gib back suwalki region and then we 'll talk :p, 
  polish-lithuanian joan of arc comes to mind as far as women go - [ emilija pliateryt\u0117 aka emilia plater ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emilia_plater ) . 
  romas kalanta was a 19-year-old lithuanian high school student known for his public self-immolation protesting soviet regime in lithuania . 
  seems like a ballsy thing to do as well . 
  those are the first that came to my mind . 
  aww , i was expecting to read about some medieval battle in wiki that happened near those places :( thanks tho, 
   `` russian blood '' how is that in estonian ? 
  that 's interesting , thanks for the info !, 
  is bare island a nudist district ? 
   old believers we have those too . 
  after the schism a lot of old believers fled as refugees to the grand dutchy of lithuania and allegedly there are still like 27-47k of them around today . 
   legend not really a legend when it 's historical fact now is it ? 
  i hope you do visit sometime and enjoy your time here , 
  i completely agree , 
  pretty sure that polandball is n't the pinnacle of cartoons that are available out there . 
  lithuanians tend to shit on other lithuanians and overgeneralize when talking to foreigners like `` see this is what 's wrong with our country omg good thing i emigrated '' as if the actions of one moron will destroy our public image . 
  worst offenders of this rural mentality are usually people who have not even finished school so they could n't find a decent job and were forced to emigrate but before this they were stringent xenophobes . 
  now that their salaries are better than it ever would be in lithuania they feel like they 're better than everyone left in lithuania . 
  good thing that most foreigners have enough common sense to separate the nation from the individuals . 
  this is the only thing i could think of right now . 
  not sure if this applies to your question though ;d sorry if it does n't . 
  sure , dude . 
  words change , we all know that . 
  as far as `` liet '' is concerned it predates the other forms of the names on the map . 
  i never said that the other names did not come from the same root . 
  i said that it ** is ** the same root . 
  i 'm saying that for latvia and finland the root has not changed and the original diphthong is still intact . 
  being the same root and being derived from the same root are different things . 
  look at the map . 
  liet is lithuania , latvia and finland . 
  then you have the germanic litauen version , the slavic litva , romance lituania .
