  no need to take it overly serious . 
  there 's no joke to be made with crack-oov . 
  and bulgaria !, 
  go estonia !, 
  there are so many jokes to be made !, 
  i ca n't decide !, 
  i wonder if crack cow 's milk is illegal . 
  you 're exaggerating . 
  what i see in this thread is people pointing out that the claims made in the talk show by some randoms are absolutely absurd . 
  no one sane is saying that norwegians are evil but as far as that particular organization goes if nothing else there is definitely a lack of communication which does n't help . 
  iirc during all the fuss in lithuania about that incident the norwegian cps did not provide any kind of comment about the situation to the lithuanian foreign affair officials . 
  it 's possible that the media blew it out of proportions ( which they did but i am talking about the lack of comment right now ) . 
  however , they did start some cooperation programs with the lithuanian cps which probably would n't have happened if not for the shitstorm . 
  the story kind of died down by now at least on the actual news outlets but it was pretty big . 
  i do n't watch lithuanian tv shows so i ca n't comment about that content in particular . 
  however , those talk show type things tend to invite anyone that 's willing to talk so there 's no lack of asshats with stupid stories and opinions on those shows . 
  i think there were two cases so i might be mixing them up . 
  essentially some child was taken from their parents in norway because he told his teacher that he was being disciplined for something by his parents . 
  ( i ca n't recall exactly but i do n't think it was physical . 
  do n't quote me on that though . ), 
  so the parents during a routine visit with their kid arranged it that when the kid went to the bathroom ( so that the person responsible for his safety would n't follow him ) he would go outside where his father or someone the parents trusted was waiting in the car to get the kid to lithuania . 
  the kid later was found in sweden and deported back to norway . 
  this story was posted a couple of times in here i think but it never got any traction . 
  i stopped paying attention to the story once in every mention of the story they would quote foreign affair officials saying that they 're handling the situation . 
  as i understand it the rules are wrong on tafl . 
  i downloaded all versions i could find and half of them do n't even have an option to play vs ai and the other half have the rules all wrong . 
  looks interesting . 
  found some games of it for android . 
  gon na try it when i have time . 
  of course not . 
  russia has so much stuff that they wo n't return because `` it 's lost '' that they could get back to good graces with everyone in an instant . 
  this made me die inside . 
  i try to avoid that type of stuff as well but it 's hard to do completely :( so i guess i envy you ;d, 
  true . 
  i still like the video but i would like the video a lot more if this were the first place that i ever saw her in . 
  surprise surprise . 
  totally . 
  sure . 
  i did say that it was an utopian idea of mine . 
  however , i also said that virtually no region can be compared with another region honestly . 
  k\u00f6ningsberg is a glorified military base . 
  that 's all it is . 
  a military base in the middle of europe . 
  that 's why i think that russia should get out and a european military base in the middle of europe would make more sense . 
  great ... now i know that exists . 
  the gist of the conversation : host asks her what she would do if she won 30k euros right now . 
  probably trying to steer the conversation to investments etc. 
  because that show is about that type of stuff . 
  her response is very reminiscent of the famous miss teen usa south carolina speech . 
  basically being on a show that discusses a topic that she has no clue about she tries to compensate by trying to blab out something that would sound smart and started talking about how the 30k euros would be worth more as litas ( our old currency ) because something something implying that the litas was not directly tied to the euro and thus talking bullshit she knows nothing about . 
  you seemed to have missed my point about china and india . 
  russians have no business in k\u00f6ningsberg . 
  they expelled the germans living there by force . 
  at most just one generation has lived and died in there . 
  that does n't make them ethnic . 
  russians are in the region because of political reasons and they should gtfo . 
  not really . 
  i see nothing wrong with seeking independence through democratic means . 
  i am actively trying to avoid stupidity so sorry but i would rather not look up her stuff to translate for you :p maybe someone else will . 
  basically the lithuanian kim kardeshian . 
  got famous via social media for some bullshit if i 'm not mistaken . 
  basically for being hot . 
  she 's attractive i 'll give her that but there are more than enough hotter girls than her around who do n't spew out nonsense every time they open their mouths . 
  her name is mentioned in the description of the video and that 's her youtube channel . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  i 'm mostly dreaming out loud :p, 
  there 's a difference between organic migrations and forced deportations by the governments . 
  russians did not go to k\u00f6ningsberg to look for a better life . 
  they were settled there on orders because they had specific skills needed in that area . 
  well like i said one region can not really be compared with another and since i do n't know anything about those colonizations you 've mentioned i will not comment about it . 
  my stance is admittedly utopian but i would prefer that the ethnic people of the regions should govern their regions and then we can all be in the eu and not bicker about those things . 
  romania is a perfect example though . 
  is n't there mostly hungarians in the middle of romania ? 
  using the line `` why ? 
  there 's no german population there anymore there , all the people there are russians . '', 
  should n't then the middle of romania belong to hungary ? 
  now , again , i do n't know much about the history of the region so i do n't have a strong stance one way or the other but as far as k\u00f6ningsberg goes russia has no claims on it and should gtfo but will they ? 
  probably not . 
  do other countries want it ? 
  not really . 
  i 'm just saying :p, 
  well since they arrived there completely unorganically then they can get out of there the same way . 
  that region was never ethnically russian and it 's just a glorified military base at this point . 
  the population arguement is a bit sketchy imo . 
  of course you do n't want some minority populations `` controlling '' the majority populations but if the territorial integrity of countries can be disregarded only because the current majority of the population wants it then india or china could easily spill over to other countries and say `` hey , we 're the majority so this is china or india now '' . 
  obviously it 's more nuanced than that and no region could be compared to another but hopefully you get my point . 
  also i 'm far from an expert on the matter but to my knowledge k\u00f6nigsberg belonging to russia was supposed to have an expiration date but nobody is calling russia out on it because there are no real claimants to the region because old prussians ( the original ethnic people ) and the german prussians do n't exist anymore . 
  lithuania could arguably make a case for a 1/3 of it but that 's not gon na happen for obvious reasons . 
  imo russia should gtfo and nato could set up a base in there to protect the region instead of setting up bases in every country around it . 
  edit : word . 
  haha , this video is famous in my circle of friends :d, 
  i would be inclined to like this video a lot more if not for this attention whore being used as the model . 
  russia should get out of k\u00f6nigsberg . 
  that 's what russia should do . 
  in bars it 's usually fried black bread with mayo + melted cheese sauce or roasted pig ears or onion rings . 
  lots of ideas but this is the first thing to pop to my head . 
  lithuania : [ foje - paskutinis traukinys ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vakwj-8wf08 ) bonus : [ unofficial anthem of the baltics ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kokq20rul0 ), 
  there were quite a few facts with poor phrasing , nevertheless , it 's a neat little video . 
  you do n't seem to get the point so i 'll stop trying to explain it . 
  i have better things to do than argue about semantics .
