  when i was in school some young family with a toddler moved in one floor below and proceeded to have 2 more kids one after another . 
  you totally triggered me right now . 
  also my grandparents had a neighbor that sang opera stuff too ... edit : let 's not forget neighbours renovating their apartments . 
  drilling and hammering shit at 8-9 am on a saturday and/or sunday really inspired me to start hating humanity during my teen years . 
  wow just adoption in general ? 
   how close-minded or just plain fucking dumb people are well ... 
  i have nothing else to add really . 
  you got this covered . 
  i kind of agree but then again people would end up imagining the worst case scenario . 
  would end up being as useless of a poll as the one posted by op . 
  for example a functional alcoholic might not be a problem at all for the neighbours . 
  a murderer could be someone who did it on accident and has served his sentence but still `` counts '' as a murderer . 
  this one being really extreme and i might not be remembering it correctly : some kid in america got sued by his teacher or baby sitter for sexual harassment because he hugged her . 
  he 's now a sex offender for life aka all his neighbours will think he 's a pedophile or a rapist even if he tries to explain himself . 
  or am i being to picky about this ? 
  it 's probably because your friends and family know you personally . 
  i think most people imagine the worst that could happen in such polls . 
  i would probably also answer that i would rather not have foreigners as neighbours but that 's only because my current neighbours are russian speakers and they listen to the worst kind of russian pop music possible . 
  and if it 's a foreign neighbour in lithuania it 's probably a russian or a pole . 
  that 's the only reason :d it 's just very random . 
  i imagine that an english speaking neighbour would be cool but that does n't mean that they would end up not being assholes . 
  also i do n't interact with my neighbours anyway ... oh and you kind of think that given the possibility to choose having a lithuanian as a neighbour is the best thing for me but if they listen to lithuanian pop music in the middle of the night that would be even worse . 
  i do n't see why someone would get annoyed by that unless you were downright pestering them :p i would almost be flattered if some english speaker had learned lithuanian and used it in multilanguage comments frequently . 
  for this reason i personally would encourage such people if they felt like writing the same comment in a foreign language that they enjoy using . 
  i wonder though if the comment sections would get flooded with grammar corrections then :d, 
  ah , makes sense if it 's a hot topic currently . 
  well studies have shown that religious people trust atheists the least of any `` religious '' group so that makes sense to me . 
  political beliefs are just the usual `` they 're different '' thing . 
  foreign workers are `` they took my jerb '' . 
  only the invitro thing really stood out to me since i 've seen the other stuff in similar polls before . 
  only the truly fundamental people disown their atheist ( or homosexual ) children but it does happen . 
  however , most people can get past that since it 's their children and they know that their kids are n't satan worshipers or something stupid like that . 
  i wonder if those people are against even adoption . 
  obviously they would be against adopted foreigners ( especially of different ethnicities ) but i doubt they would be against adopting polish children . 
  cough * hypocrites * cough, 
   people with invitro child this one seems so random to me . 
  about the multilanguage comments . 
  i marked that i do n't really like them since i could n't expand . 
  but i do like them and would like to see more of them if english were the first in line . 
  but as most people write them currently it 's their native language first and it 's just annoying that way . 
  what about the saami ? 
  do they count ? 
  that happened later . 
  way to make a big deal about a passing comment . 
  i know how languages work . 
  i use several , thanks . 
  somehow i 've never encountered anyone but an english speaker getting defensive when you point out that a common expression , saying or word does n't make sense . 
  like it 's the end of the world or something . 
   according to wikipedia suggests irregardless has been around for 200 + years if you 've bothered to read the information on wikipedia objectively you would have also noticed that most dictionaries list `` irregardless '' as incorrect or nonstandard . 
  it 's about whether it makes sense not whether it 's common vernacular . 
  languages are about efficiency and about conveying information in the least effort required and in as little miscommunication as possible . 
  adding the foreign perspective where language learners tend to know the grammar rules better than the natives who just wing it instinctively i for one do n't want to learn improper grammar of a language , which is notoriously arbitrary as it is , just because the natives ca n't stand back for a moment and reflect on what they 're actually saying . 
  i grant you that `` irregardless '' is n't as blatant as `` i could care less '' or `` for all intensive purposes '' or `` let me axe you something '' , etc but it 's still a double negative which makes the word redundant and meaningless . 
  at most it could be chalked up as an exception but let 's not pretend that it makes sense when compared to `` regardless '' . 
  they are hardly synonyms . 
  words are not random sounds to us . 
  they convey information and have meaning . 
  when the information is given and then negated in the same damn word then what 's the point of the word ? 
  also please do n't compare `` irregardless '' with words like `` unique '' or `` awesome '' . 
  words that have evolved and their meanings have shifted . 
  `` irregardless '' just got lumped with a negative on an already negative meaning without even changing the meaning rendering the new word useless . 
  notice that no one corrects words like `` dude '' or `` cool '' . 
  stop defending miscommunication . 
  you know perfectly well what words mean what . 
  just because you 've picked up a bad habit does n't make an expression or a word suddenly make sense . 
  would you prefer that every word in any given language would carry the opposite meaning of what is being said so that everyone would have to figure out whether the speaker is using the correct form or using the incorrect form and whether if what he 's saying actually makes sense or if he 's just an idiot ? 
  i would n't . 
  i try to treat people how i 'd like to be treated . 
  if i made any mistakes in my rant then by all means please correct me since i would like my words to express what my thoughts are trying to communicate with as little distortion as humanly possible . 
  if this attitude of mine somehow offends you then i do n't know what else to say . 
  it 's just a word . 
  lighten up . 
  sadly , i think it 's gone past the point of no return by now . 
  like so many things in the english language . 
  as if there 's not enough nonsense in there already . 
  proper grammar is still real to me damn it !, 
  if you say so . 
  i do n't know the guy . 
   irregardless regardless *, 
  did you even read what 's in the link ? 
  :p the name is greek , the earliest sightings are in italy , why would you feel the need to clarify a thing that was never stated ? 
  just because it 's also known as a celtic swastika does n't mean that it 's inherently of celtic origin . 
  and while it is a different symbol than the swastika . . because obviously the swastika has 4 legs . 
  it 's definitely related to it . 
  both have been used to depict the sun . 
  those are called [ triskelions ] ( https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/humanities.lit.authors.shakespeare/qxvc-3kakua ) . 
  so austria is northern europe now ? 
  lol . 
  i 've also heard something how it 's from the word `` vokti '' or `` voktis '' which basically means `` to take '' . 
  i think ... 
  there are certainly a lot of different origins so in a way it is correct that the origin is uncertain . 
  edit : though it could be something to do with `` suvokti '' ( to understand ) . 
  kurdistan region looks like a sea horse :3, 
  bravo !, 
  seems you 're right . 
  do these type of cloud formations still happen on mt. 
  ararat ? 
  interesting . 
  sounds like some vague slavic gibberish mixed with a little bit of hebrew gibberish :d, 
  i had to look it up myself actually so til as well :d,
