  most of these songs are mediocre at best and will be forgotten in less than a month . 
  that 's us trying to open up and show emotions . 
  we all read the same state issued informational booklet : `` how to appear as a person with feelings to foreigners '' . 
  pretty dope . 
  the only annoying thing is the rounding up that has occurred for no reason in the sellers favour . 
  i think there 's only one bar in the capital that i 'm aware of that rounded up the prices in favour of the customer . 
  though , i have n't been there for a while now so not sure if it lasted . 
  from the beginning, 
  from my experience the polish tend to act the same way . 
  maybe it depends on the city . 
  silly greece . 
  you wrote `` where is it ? '', 
  right where it is . 
   a modern culture does n't confine itself within national borders or traditions . 
  what constitutes a modern culture ? 
  and how does having national pride contradict that ? 
  a lot of people find american obsession with being 1/12th irish or whatever funny but it just shows that people naturally seek out their roots and ancestry . 
  it just gives meaning to people knowing that they did n't just pop out of nowhere . 
  if everyone turned atheist i think that there would be a lot more people interested in finding their roots and whatnot and there 's nothing wrong with that . 
   it is a process that takes time , which we all have to adapt sooner or later . 
  nationalism will only be preserved with propaganda and limited education . 
  by embracing the fact that we are all humans and have flaws , we can try to not mask our personal flaws with nationalism . 
  it seems that nationalism is more of a inferiority complex nowadays . 
  again you 're so sure that it will happen that you do not hear how unrealistic it is . 
  and you keep applying some kind of frankensteins monster version of nationalism to which you attribute everything you do n't like about everything that has nothing to do with nationalism . 
  my personal flaws have nothing to do with nationalism . 
   living standards in sweden are pretty good for low and medium income earners . 
  i could say sweden is the best country in the world for any low or middle class person . 
  yet , there are numerous studies showing that people living in close knit communities feel happier . 
  this usually include church goers . 
  so much for you atheist utopia . 
  economic prosperity is meaningless when people do not have to struggle to eat . 
  i would rather live in a community than be rich and miserable but you made it more than clear that you do not care what other people might want from life . 
   usa has other strengths to make up for its flaws . 
  for example usa is a large and interconnected country , pretty much how eu could become in the future . 
  europes weakness is it 's division . 
  a lot of individual nations in europe cling towards tradition than modernity . 
  if eu would become a unified state pretty much like usa , i am sure it would surpass usa . 
  if eu unified and there would be no nationalism i am more than certain that lithuania , its language and culture would be no more . 
  i am soooo sorry if the thinking about something that i love going extinct offends your sensibilities . 
  i think your position is more than clear now . 
  you think your culture is superior so you want to unite the world in some weird utopian ideal and to hell with any kind of diversity , opposing opinions or perspectives . 
  you 're more similar to who you think i am than you realize . 
  i think we 're done here . 
   the reason why countries used to be inferior is due to geography . 
  nations witgh more favorable geography will almost all the time be more prosperous . 
  what differs now is that countries who have chosen a less violent and more democratic approach have the best living standards and economy . 
  countries doing worse economically usually has nothing to do with culture or the level of nationalism in any given culture . 
  this is probably more true in the western world however . 
  so what 's wrong with having nation states who use the democratic approach and do not engage in violence ? 
  you just want to eliminate any kind of thought that does not coincide with how you perceive the world to be . 
   then why bother . 
  why not picking something that is more optimal ? 
  because i do n't think that other cultures are inherently better than lithuanian either . 
  it 's just different . 
  and again i am astounded how you are against nation states yet you 're talking about some kind of optimal culture . 
  this position is mind boggling to me . 
   what do you mean ? 
  you seem to imply the oposite of what i meant . 
  yes cannibalism is bad but that is what they are comfortable with so they continue it . 
  this is one of the reasons why i think cultures and nationalism should be put into question , just like religion . 
  because essentially you want to throw out the baby out with the bathwater . 
  and i mostly just disagreed with your gross generalizations before you went completely bonkers . 
  there are certain cultural aspects that could be objectively perceived as bad or inferior the same way that there are positive ones . 
  and my point was that neither are detrimental to keeping society together . 
  my point was that some cultures practice horrible stuff and their societies still hold some kind of structure . 
  i 'm all for questioning peoples motivation for whatever . 
  someone in this thread perfectly summed it up by saying that `` it is the dose that makes the poison '' . 
  it 's about moderation . 
  you just want all or nothing . 
   subcultures are a form of modern tribalism . 
  nationalism is a form of brainwashing like communism and religion . 
  subcultures are what you 're talking about when you say that you have more in common with japanese people than with germans . 
  it 's just common interests and hobbies . 
  and there are no harsher enemies than people from rival subcultures . 
  your definition of nationalism is just wrong . 
   you are just pressenting a false dichotomy . 
  ok , then please present a viable solution on how to unite the world and please everyone while doing so , because i can not think of one . 
  grats on the nobel peace prize as well when you provide the solution . 
   what does this have to do with abolition of nation states . 
  the same thing can be said about religion . 
  sweden was a very religious society pre 20th century . 
  now it is the most atheist nation in the world . 
  humans are able to adapt into new enviornments . 
  for fuck 's sake , dude ... you keep bringing up points that have nothing to do with anything . 
  sweden is not this super awesome country that you keep saying that it is because it 's now mostly atheistic . 
  you keep talking about economic superiority and whatnot then look at the us . 
  it is objectively doing a lot better than sweden economically . 
  and it 's full of religious lunatics . 
  this is how weak your arguement is . 
  and try to stick to a point . 
  you 're just throwing everything and anything at me here and just keep contradicting yourself . 
   i also like you to watch this video . 
  it is very entertaining and makes a good point . 
  ca n't right now . 
  i am familiar with the channel though . 
  you forgot to address anything i 've said prior to the post you 're quoting and also you have failed to present any kind of examples based in reality to support any of your wild speculations . 
   what a strawman argument . 
  i am arguing for a modern type of culture where people are free to chose their own identity outside of their collective . 
  what makes you think that everyone want to be outside of a collective ?
