  you 're whole thing is that no one calls balkans balkans or people from the british isles brits . 
  that does n't sound honest to me . 
   i have yet to see reasonable examples though . 
  if that 's the criteria then i can say the same about your reasoning . 
  two can play at that game . 
  that 's where the intellectual dishonesty comes in . 
  you make excuses for comparable examples but you have an issue with the term `` baltic '' . 
  i just ask for consistency . 
   well this may be true - i am a very nitpicky person in every aspect  i can tell :d  because being nitpicky = being incorrect ? 
  no , but being nitpicky about flimsy terms is . 
   not every argument is valuable just because someone presents it . 
   true that . 
  what do you really want to ask ? 
  because i do n't understand what you 're getting at with that question . 
   in fact almost all the counterarguments smell of intellectual dishonesty to me . 
  i do n't think we 'll find common ground on this one . 
   like where ? 
  like the baltic-finns point . 
  you dismissed a completely legitimate scientific categorization just because it 's not mainstream or used colloquially . 
  like the british isles examples . 
  like the balkan examples . 
  you 're finding excuses for completely reasonable examples and frankly some of them are stretching it . 
  i think you know full well that these sort of generalizations of nations , countries , states , ethnicity , etc. 
  are pretty fluid and not in some rigid frames . 
  this stuff is messy and being so , most arguements in this thread are technically correct . 
  while your vehement position on the matter in this thread and others just comes of as nitpicky . 
  that 's why i say that i smell intellectual dishonesty . 
  because i see the points you 're making and i understand them but if you really do n't get the counter arguements then i do n't know what else to say other than that you 'll always be baltic in my heart . 
  i can totally see latvians perceiving your position more negatively due to livonia/terra mariana and whatnot . 
  let me know what being a fan of stalin is a sign of , doctor . 
  i had a longer post ready but i stepped away for a while and came back to the thread . 
  i 'm not gon na repeat what others have already said . 
  what you 're saying in this thread smells of intellectual dishonesty to me . 
  being technically correct and being nitpicky are different things imo . 
  and you 're really not being technically correct all the time here . 
  i think you 're being slightly hypocritical dismissing legitimate points being brought up throughout the thread ( the baltic-finns point and balkans as examples ) . 
  that being said , i 'll try to call you baltic every opportunity i get from now on to smother you into submission with love , eesti ;p, 
   the scandinavian countries have their language similarity and also balkans hold your horses , buddy . 
  the only language similarities in the balkan region is between the slavs and even that is subcategorized between south slavic and eastern south slavic . 
  you forget hellenic , turkic , albanian and the romanian romance language . 
  scandinavian countries all speak north germanic languages . 
  i think he meant latvians and lithuanians as `` they '' . 
   there is no evidence for this . 
  whoo boy . 
  got triggered for a millisecond there before i started to read the next sentence . 
  you 're on a mailing list now . 
  expect an anonymous gift of an unspecified variety of tea on your doorstep in the near future . 
  i expect you to keep up your schtick when balkans are brought up then . 
  there 's also the categorization of baltic-finns vs volga-finns . 
  so it does n't come completely out of ignorance . 
  i 'm actually glad when that happens . 
  i 'll take being lumped in with bros instead of russia or the ol' `` ex-soviet block '' moniker any day . 
  you should really give it a rest . 
  you do n't see people getting into `` well actually ... '' mode when the balkans are concerned . 
  most people know you 're not indo-european . 
  at least in this sub anyway . 
  he was just goofin around and reenacting that sauna scene from eastern promises with his buddies !, 
  things like this are why there is a certain lack of sympathy towards russians . 
  80 % approval ratings of putin do n't help either . 
  holy anchor !, 
  muslims are in lithuania since the 15th century . 
  this church was built around the same time . 
  what makes you think that the next 10 years are going to change things ? 
  it 's in lithuania . 
  it 's even in the title . 
  that sentence irked me as well , but i figured that it does n't detract too much from the photos which i found very interesting . 
  i knew someone would correct me . 
  i found it a bit sketchy myself :p, 
  apparently , it 's the only city in europe that was not rebuilt after wwii . 
  you 're not alone . 
  i 've said too much already !!, 
  actually , it was behind the wardrobe . 
  so the joke 's on you , buster !, 
  let 's retrace our steps !, 
  last i saw it , it was between france and the netherlands . 
  i love the guy helping out with the dumpster fire . 
   to be fair , linguistically the iranian and the italic languages are grouped together in the indo-european group and share a common ancestor ( proto-indo-european ) . 
  i agree that it is n't accurate to call you hellenic but for the sake of the joke i 'd just let it go . 
  let 's not be silly . 
  one shitty map to rule them all . 
  russia is truly mordor !, 
  this map is making me hungry . 
  gib twangste !, 
  someone needs to post where all the tmnt were born . 
  i 'm more concerned about the time traveling garden gnome on the right . 
  his name is jonas bravo - the one man army . 
  yet oddly enough the braveheart freedom \u2122 thing is at an all time low . 
  hey , we helped . 
  oldest ally of the english and that alliance is the oldest alliance in the world that is still in force . 
  it 's probably got fans who are visiting . 
   nothing convinced me more that western europe does n't have western values than western europeans in this sub . 
  they do n't give a shit about solidarity and they are all for far left wing policies on immigration unless it affects them . 
  mass immigration from muslim countries shall not be questioned but eastern europeans are literally the devil ... two can play at that game . 
  how about austria get less money for releasing war criminals ( that they had in custody ) wanted in lithuania ? 
   latin is such an ugly language though . 
  that 's very subjective , bruh . 
  shitty map is shitty . 
  well , as far as accuracy goes anyway . 
  you can tell that he 's wearing wedding pants from the 3 stripes . 
  very fancy .
