  or it 's like calling the whole country of poland racist just because it is a very homogeneous country . 
  it 's just silly . 
  maybe those are bad example but i 'm sure you get the point . 
  that would be a silly thing to do . 
  appealing to authority does n't make the idiom any less retarded . 
  linguists will only acknowledge that the idiom is sometimes used in that form to mean the same thing that the logical one does . 
  they ascribe language they do not prescribe it . 
  if you really cared about linguistics you 'd appreciate making sense a lot more rather than saying whatever and hoping that people piece it together on their own without in turn thinking that they 're talking to an idiot who does n't even understand what he himself is saying . 
  words have meaning for a reason . 
  because everyone on the internet is an armchair psychologist , historian , linguist , etc. 
  sometimes it 's just fun to dissect something at face value . 
  this particular discussion may not be fun or especially interesting to you but basically implying that other people should shut up is probably a lot less productive than just ignoring the thread all together . 
  second picture recharges my batteries as well . 
  i would actually say that there 's less monotony since you can see far away and nothing obstructs the view . 
  i honestly felt uneasy when i was in austria and was surrounded by mountains . 
  i felt exactly that . 
  surrounded . 
  i think i knew at that moment how claustrophobic people feel . 
  we `` heard '' you the first time . 
  that 's kind of a given . 
  i 've heard colloquial hypotheses trying to tie it to a river named `` vok\u0117 '' before but the river is in the middle of lithuanian lands ( or at least it was when first contact could have been established ) so that sounds far fetched . 
  the barbarian equivalent makes the most sense to me from your link . 
  and even now searching through the internet i 'm having trouble to find anything to do with `` west '' or the one with the river i mentioned . 
  that guy makes ridiculous claims all the time . 
  i never heard `` vokietija '' having anything to do with the word for west before . 
  repeat it slower plz . 
  were all the jokes about estonians being slow a lie ??!!, 
  okay , fine . 
  let 's stop this . 
  well , how am i supposed to know that , especially when i respond before you edit your comment ? 
  you seem to be the bitter one downvoting my comments . 
  do you expect me not to make fun of people who i think have no grasp of history ? 
  other than that , if we 're in agreement then there 's nothing much else to discuss . 
  keep editing your comments after people already have responded to you . 
   what are your getting at ? 
  i do n't care who your ancestors were . 
  you 're fighting a straw man . 
  stop being so insecure . 
  you know full well what i 'm getting at and i already gave you the answer in my previous comments . 
  i 'm not fighting a straw man i 'm fighting a disingenuous person who edits his comments after they have already been responded to . 
  if answering your questions when you ask them is insecure then i am guilty of that . 
  stop projecting . 
  haha , so my passing comment is what you address and ignore everything else ? 
  go ahead then . 
  please inform me on who my ancestors were . 
  because there are certain people who claim that the real lithuanians are belarusians and that lithuanians are fake lithuanians ( i love how that sounds btw . 
  lithuanians are not lithuanians ) . 
  that 's like if scots would say that the british empire was scottish when we all know that england was running the show . 
  or that 's like some fyrom macedonians claiming that alexander the great was their forefather . 
  it does n't have to be identical situations to be comparable . 
  i 'm sure you can see which is the disingenuous approach . 
  because it 's not the lithuanians who claim otherwise , as you said . 
  you misspelled belarus . 
  why do you say that ? 
   russia has been using propaganda and infiltration ever since the 1920s . 
  russia has been meddling in other countries affairs since at least liberum veto . 
  there 's no reasoning with you . 
  just because you say that comparable terms are ** in ** comparable and reasonable examples are n't reasonable does n't make them so . 
   what i mean is that we call the sea `` western sea '' and there are a lot of things that have different names in different languages . 
  but there are also consensus terms and names . 
  my point still stands . 
   lol they can not be perfectly reasonable when they can not apply . 
  they are uttelry different cases . 
  they do apply and everything is a different case when talking about regions , countries etc. 
  you wo n't find more fitting examples . 
  everything ca n't be an exception . 
  unless you want to have discussions in every thread . 
  but you wo n't say a word when balkans are concerned . 
  that 's hypocritical imo . 
  or at the very least intellectually dishonest . 
  you clearly have an agenda other than correcting mistakes and it 's getting old . 
   and i disregard them as they 're weak analogies . 
  just because someone brings them up , does n't mean they have any value . 
  you disregard them because you do n't like them . 
  not because they 're weak analogies . 
  just because you 're doing mental gymnastics does n't mean that you 're making coherent points . 
   you are becoming pathetic now . 
  great point . 
   except my arguments are reasonable . 
  counterarguments have been not . 
  except your arguements have not been reasonable . 
  counterarguements were . 
  see ? 
  i can do this too . 
   i should give it a rest and admit that i 'm making shitty arguements after shitty arguements . 
  ftfy  so would i , if you would find an analogy that applies . 
  you were . 
  several times . 
  by different people . 
  you 're ignoring them . 
   flimsy terms ? 
  regions , and borders and ethnicities , etc. 
  they 're all flimsy and subject to change . 
   perhaps because in our languages the term is translated differently . 
  that 's a bad reason to dismiss it . 
   which i addressed and they were not good analogies as neither are ethnic terms . 
  they 're perfectly reasonable examples imo . 
  they 're all umbrella terms for people who do n't share ethnicities who live in a region . 
  i ca n't say it any simpler . 
  this same point has been repeated in this thread way too many times already .
