  haha , i just upvote whatever you say now because of the translation thing ;d, 
  thank u/baltins for [ inventing it ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/38nbs1/the_rise_of_lithuania_as_a_force_in_it_why_google/crwp5ud ) !, 
  putting boiled eggs in it is pretty common in here as well but since most people ca n't imagine \u0161altibar\u0161\u010diai without boiled potatoes ( not necessarily adding them to the whole thing ) , adding boiled eggs as well seems like overkill since it 's summer and people want a light meal and adding just one boiled egg is way too much of a hassle unless you have guests or something . 
  you could always , you know ... post those positive stories yourself . 
  not like they do n't get posted though , there 's just not much to discuss other than saying `` oh that 's nice '' . 
  or the more direct definition of `` badly formed according to traditional philological rules '' one : bar \u00b7 ba \u00b7 rism \u02c8b\u00e4rb\u0259\u02ccriz\u0259m / noun noun : barbarism 1 . absence of culture and civilization . 
  `` the collapse of civilization and the return to barbarism '' a word or expression that is badly formed according to traditional philological rules , for example a word formed from elements of different languages , such as breathalyzer ( english and greek ) or television ( greek and latin ) . 
  plural noun : barbarisms 2 . extreme cruelty or brutality . 
  `` she called the execution an act of barbarism '', 
  nothing wrong with having a world wide lingua franca but killing off all other languages as you said is not just unecessary but one could argue that it would be foolish . 
  a language is not just a collection of sounds but it 's a way of thinking and it 's not just me saying this . 
  there are studies out there about just that . 
  you would essentially be killing off different perspectives . 
  oh , wow it was almost like reading my own thoughts on the matter . 
  well not exactly but i do hold a lot of the the same sentiments . 
  it 's great that it 's easier to communicate with others but the barbarisms that occur just make my blood boil . 
  especially when i hear younger people using english words mid sentence and usually it 's some rage comic nonsense or mind numbing tautolagies that make you wonder why they even bother pretending to know what they 're even saying . 
  just makes me cringe . 
  now i do that sometimes as well but i like to think that it 's an occupational hazzard and i do try to limit it . 
  also i share your discomfort of talking in english with someone whose language is close to mine aka latvians . 
  not that i would understand latvian even if they spoke it real slow but it 's still very weird for me to communicate with them in english . 
  well , clay , obviously :d, 
  he was not only an [ actor ] ( http://www.cracked.com/article_18905_11-celebrities-who-were-secretly-total-badasses.html ) ( # 9 ) !, 
  a badass all around . 
  i just keep thinking that it 's fuel for russian media to report as `` omg nato is dangerous they even made a mistake of posting it online before removing it and saying they were hacked !! 1 ! 11 !, 
  i looked it up and some random page said tvankst\u0117 is from similar words like `` tvenkti '' or `` tvenkinys '' and that the fort was named after some kind of pond reservoir or a nearby dam before the teutonic order took it over and built their own castle aka koningsberg . 
  i am herkus mantas !, 
  get it ? 
  like i am spartacus ? 
  no one ? 
  til !, 
  the amount of mistakes littered all throughout the text confirms this . 
   the false statement said that one of the aims of the exercise saber strike was to prepare for the annexation of kaliningrad [ ... ], 
  finland and estonia do n't seem to have that problem . 
  same . 
  also there 's a different country with the fastest internet speed depending on the source provided . 
  i 'm starting to doubt these internet speed articles . 
  [ here ] ( http://blogs-images.forbes.com/niallmccarthy/files/2015/06/20150605_wifi_fo.jpg ) is a pretty chart . 
  op 's name is pretty high up there as well . 
   `` you are lgbt we get it , can we move on now ? '', 
  that may be the case in the uk but in places like moldova there is clearly a necessity for events that would raise awareness even when it 's just a shitty parade . 
  i mean in the video there are just people with signs and that 's it . 
  no assless pants or whatever and people still freaked the fuck out for no reason . 
  those people clearly do n't get it that they are lgbt and we can all move on now . 
  that kind of event would make a lot more sense , indeed . 
  i kind of agree in a way . 
  those events that raise awareness are supposed to normalize the thing that they are trying to raise awareness of and the extreme examples of assless pants and whatever are really counterproductive . 
  also basing your whole identity solely by your sexual orientation seems silly to me personally and when gay men start developing that gay lisp thing right after they come out is questionable if nothing else . 
  that said my stance is live and let live as long as they 're not brazen about it . 
  i think that 's why i do n't like the parades because i do n't want them turning into those ridiculous ones and just because they organize the parades seems annoying because to me it 's very `` look at me '' . 
  part of me is annoyed because i dislike public display of affection in general so if homosexuals show affection to each other or heterosexuals do it it 's all the same to me , i do n't want to see it . 
  the other part of me understands that banning gay parades wo n't `` cure '' gayness so might as well not stigmatize part of your countries citizens . 
  that and i really do n't give a shit what people do in their bedrooms . 
  i would recommend vilnius but i am biased even though i do know kaunas quite well to be objective about this . 
  that 's if you really only have time to see only the city . 
  kaunas being in the middle-ish of the country would be more convenient if you plan to see the surrounding area and it is closer to \u0160iauliai . 
  :p edit : you should ask this in / r/lithuania people ask this type of questions all the time and people give far better and more in depth answers than i ever could on the matter . 
  parades raise awareness . 
  i would prefer other methods myself . 
  it 's something about any kind of parades that i do n't like especially if they 're extremely specific like for the military , gays , police , nationalists or whatnot . 
  imo there should be one big parade every year and everyone that wants to participate should participate and be done with it . 
  the employment thing could be overblown but it 's one of the main grievances that people have . 
  hopefully , i 'm either ill informed or appropriate laws will be passed soon . 
  you could visit any place in lithuania on a leisure day . 
  :p would take you like 8 hours to go from one side of lithuania to the other and back again . 
  well , like i said . 
  there are growing pains . 
  we do n't have the legislation for every possible situation yet . 
  and besides this conscription business is supposed to last for 5 years only . 
  it 's always possible that they will resign it or this just might be a way to draw attention to the military so that more volunteers start joining . 
  edit : also there might be some laws in place of which i am not aware of . 
  i really did not look into this that much . 
  i think it 's a good idea . 
  however , right now there are a lot of growing pains because a lot of people have been called who have other obligations like families and their own business and whatnot but once there is no more need to fill the ranks asap and young people could go into the military right after finishing their educations when they are yet to acquire such obligations it should normalize . 
  actually , i think the next batch of conscription will not cause such an uproar because people now know what to expect because this conscription thing more or less came out of the blue . 
  9 months is not a big deal and most employers will happily reemploy someone when they comeback . 
  it 's not like lithuania is in active war right now . 
  imo everyone should go through some type of military training albeit 9 months for everyone would be overkill . 
  what i do n't like about the conscription that it 's male only . 
  sure , females are allowed as volunteers but it 's such a besides the point narrative that i almost get the impression that the military would rather not deal with females altogether . 
  it 's a very shitty translation of what she said actually . 
  she basically said that her advisor on foreign affairs being in the same list with high profile people is a testament to her advisers great work . 
  her comment was tongue in cheek more in line with `` lol blacklisted by russia , what else is new '' than `` yay !, 
  they noticed us '' . 
  the nuance was completely lost in translation in that pamphlet sized article . 
  at least that 's what i got from a lithuanian source anyway where she was quoted a lot more than just a sentence or two . 
  at least it 's a lot better than just dealing with it on your own how kids that grew up without the internet had to do . 
  i bet there are a bunch of various support forums out there that kids could easily find . 
  or there was some massive anti-bullying campaign in portugal and a lot of kids had to do reports on it so naturally they looked it up for some facts and statistics . 
  it is but i 'm sure no one searched for `` units of measurement '' either . 
  ;p i assume these are all inclusive results and just having '' @ '' as # 2 would just look weird . 
  i get the impression that it 's just kids doing homework . 
  you should be a judge . 
  i guess the feminazis are next ? 
  finland can into baltic !, 
  everyone knows you want to be like your buddy estonia when you grow up . ^ did ^ i ^ do ^ this ^ right ? 
  i think they either took the aerial picture too early or they actually did not try to make a heart shape and the journalist just made it up to make it sound better . 
  happy independence day , georgia !, 
  also apparently this is some kind of lithuanian record breaking size flag . 
  the same school has already sewed the longest lithuanian flag that was used in tbilisi in the past .
