  i admire your sentence . 
  haha , ca n't say i disagree . 
  i just think it would be neat for esperanto to be an official language somewhere and imo it would make most sense if it were in a super small sized country . 
  like an experiment of sorts . 
  would be something else if they chose esperanto as the official language . 
  edit : phrasing . 
  very often . 
  pretty much a spot on description of it . 
  instantly this reminded me of `` we need to talk about kevin '' . 
  i agree . 
  this is horrible technique . 
  they do n't even use their shields and they block with swords . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  baltic languages have retained the most proto-indo-european characteristics out of any living indo-euro language . 
  that means that lithuanian ( and latvian to some extent ) have changed the least out of any european language for millennia . 
  there are disputes whether or not there was a proto-balto-slavic language that branched off into eastern baltic , western baltic and slavic but it is so long ago that it does not matter when we are talking about the lithuanian identity . 
  you do realize that languages evolve , right ? 
  oh right , i completely forgot about sarmatism !, 
  it makes so much more sense now :d this myth probably spread during the commonwealth through polish nobles and since a lot of nobles in lithuania were trying to be polish they probably adapted the idea as well and now random conspiracy theorists are trying to bring it back . 
   btw even actual lithuanians are not same lithuanians what do you mean ? 
   sketchy evidence and all kinds of emotional bullshit are probably inherent in most national myths . 
  myths - yes . 
  widely accepted history - not so much . 
  i would agree that overenthusiastic nationalism can be problematic but i would argue that cultural identity can be separate from it . 
  everyone should find their own identity and just leave it at that without trying to be better than others by using their country 's history as an arguement to make it sound like others are beneath them . 
  yes , but it is also a term . 
  i never said that we were not in this together . 
  the issue is that some people in belarus are saying exactly what you think i am saying . 
  `` it 's my history and i wo n't share '' when it is belarus that was added to lithuania and not the other way around . 
  we fought common enemies and we were allies and had the same leaders and i do not deny it . 
  it is when claims are made that vytis is not lithuanian and lithuania changes the design of their historic flag to not ruffle any feathers is when i get annoyed . 
  slavic residents of the grand dutchy of lithuania used the word `` litvin '' to identify themselves with . 
  and because `` belarussian '' did not exist as a term then ( belarussians and ukrainians were called ruthenians ) i can see how some of them would want to identify with ancient lithuanians now and i do n't see the problem with it because they were all part of the gdl even though there were clear distinctions ... 
  it is when crazies start claiming that they are the true this and that and others are imposters is when i get annoyed . 
  and it is just a small group of crazies  i do n't think it is a huge problem like the macedonian-greek dispute , i just wanted to give a similar example . 
  yup . 
  i just came across a few websites claiming this . 
  i never said i thought everyone in belarus thinks this . 
  that is why i said `` some crazy belarussians ''  i just thought this example would be perfect in this thread . 
  oh , i do n't have a problem with them saying that they were a part of gdl . 
  the problem arises when they say that they are the direct descendants of it and everyone else who were a part of it were just there for the ride . 
  i must stress that i do n't believe that this narrative is rampant in belarus . 
  i 've just heard some pseudohistorian from there yapping about it and then stumbled across a website or two . 
  i just thought this example would be relevant in this thread . 
  it 's a big deal for small countries  especially if their culture , language and heritage had to bounce back from oppressions and bans . 
  i do n't see a problem with carving your own identity in history . 
  when others do it with sketchy evidence and pseudoscience is when things get ugly . 
  i 'm sure a particular enough breed of crazy could find a way , 
  because the claim is that they are true lithuanians and we are not . 
  their claim is not that we share history , their claim is that we are straight up imposters . 
  it 's like suddenly they would start saying that they are true polish because of the common history in the commonwealth and that the current poles are russified germans or something stupid like that . 
  that 's just messed up . 
  for a niche narrative to pick up like that that contradicts all historical evidence . 
  there are morons in lithuania that are pushing the narrative that lithuanians are descendants of sarmatians ... 
  i ca n't imagine that becoming the common narrative . 
  seems absurd until it happens i suppose . 
  honestly , when i first heard of this naming dispute i thought it was silly . 
  then again people look at their history as serious business so it 's just an all around mess imo and i really lack the knowledge of the specifics to go in depth about this . 
  was there a big push for the ancient thing narrative in either side ? 
  macedonians going for it or greeks being against it when macedonians were not even claiming so ? 
  or was it just some random politician talking about stuff he had no idea about and it caught on like wild fire ? 
  they can call themselves whatever they want but that does not make it accurate . 
  my point is that some of them ( i 'm not sure if that 's their official stance or not ) are claiming that they 're successors of ancient lithuanians . 
  which they are not . 
  they are successors of black and white ruthenians ( if i recall my ruthenian correctly ... 
  i mix it up all the time ) . 
  yeah , i could n't believe it myself when i first found out . 
  i agree with you . 
  i do n't see a problem with them calling themselves macedonians if they live in a region that 's called that but pretending to be successors is not cool . 
  it 's like how some crazy belarussians saying that they are the true lithuanians and that lithuanians are actually polonized samogitians because during the grand duchy of lithuania a lot of towns were ruled by lithuanian dukes and the lithuanian vytis was present in many belarus towns ( and still is . 
  also in some polish towns as well i think ) so in their logic if the dukes were lithuanian that means they are lithuanian as well . 
  there are quite a few statues of lithuanian dukes in belarus if i 'm not mistaken . 
  we had to make some small changes of the vytis design over this thing . 
  the tail of the horse waves in the opposite direction now . 
  it 's annoying to say the least . 
  yeah , things like this are certainly anything but simple . 
  i was not aware of the unemployment situation but this is more of a utopian and idealistic thought of mine rather than one based in a thorough analysis of whether or not the addition of suwalki to lithuania would be beneficial economically and financially . 
  with a follow up single called `` no , you 're wrong ! '', 
  it 's a shame that it happened and when poland refuses to apologize it implies that they see nothing wrong with it . 
  some people even draw the conclusion that because of that poland might want to take vilnius again . 
  my grandfather for example did not want to move to vilnius so that he would live closer to my family and his reasoning was that poland will invade vilnius again some day . 
  certainly , he might have been just saying that because he did not want to move to another city but i have heard this sentiment echoed in various times of my life by different people . 
  imo an official apology by poland would alleviate this mistrust that a lot of lithuanians have for poland and since vilnius is already back in the possession of lithuania and it is well known that \u017beligowski 's mutiny was not `` real '' i do n't think that poland would lose anything in doing so . 
  i certainly do not believe that the suwalki regions dispute would come up during such an event . 
  how about cognitive dissonance ? 
  you could have lyrics that contradict each other and play atonal music :d, 
  same here !, 
  i 've gotten some weird looks in the past for saying that :d, 
  great contribution right there . 
  / s trying to dismiss my opinion by saying that i am trolling wo n't further the discussion either . 
  well the land stuff can be argued but the vilnius thing was a false flag operation and i think at least an official apology is in order and it would definitely ease tensions between us . 
  yeah , sure . 
  and russia should then belong to mongolia or sweden . 
  cherry picked history . 
  i 'm talking about ethnic lands of ethnic people belonging to them not political stuff . 
  i think poland should give back the suwa\u0142ki region ( not all of it but just a little bit . 
  mostly towns and regions who are clearly historically lithuanian ) and issue a public apology for the whole vilnius thing . 
  i think then even the less educated lithuanians would cease their hate for everything polish . 
  oh , and belorussia gib a bit clay also . 
  it 's just a joke map .
