  this really got wordy . 
  edit : oh , and why i brought up the whole antisemitism card . 
  do n't you think that when idiots call others antisemites for no reason it undermines when the real thing happens ? 
  believe me i get how frustrating it gets when you keep saying something and everyone starts thinking youre hysterical . 
  you can even see in this sub when some western europeans say that the baltics are hysterical about russia . 
  i there are plenty of idiots who shit on russia for no reason over here as well . 
  point being that if you 've met lithuanians that do not condemn nazism that doesnt mean that it 's the mainstream opinion . 
  same as i assumed you not appreciating fellow jews crying just for attention . 
  let me get this straight ...  i guess in 50 years the nazis are going to be considered brave freedom soldiers that saved europe from the commie menace . 
  there are people in spain that actually hold this belief ? 
  besides neo-nazis of course . 
  i just said that you 're pretending to be an expert after the fact . 
  please do n't use big terms when they do not apply . 
  so if the outcome is going to be the same either way then why only fight both or none ? 
  what will change if you fight one but not the other ? 
  you 're whole diatribe in this thread is beyond redundant . 
  i understand that being in spain and hearing people say that russians were as bad or worse sounds far fetched but you have to keep in mind that not all countries experienced the same things from nazis or soviets . 
  i do see some revisionism in this thread but not the kind that you 're suggesting . 
   i guess in 50 years the nazis are going to be considered brave freedom soldiers that saved europe from the commie menace . 
  there 's no need for absurdities . 
  well if you wan na go with the eye for an eye approach then sure , i guess they did . 
  however , the germans are at least not denying what a shitshow the whole thing was . 
  that has to be worth something does n't it ? 
  so at first you 're yapping about how lithuania should have fought both the soviet and the nazis and now you 're saying that you ca n't fight someone that 's bigger than you . 
  stop contradicting yourself , make up your mind , and stop pretending to be such a genius because stuff is more obvious now in hindsight . 
  you probably spoke to neo nazis then or smth because that is not how the majority feels . 
  also it depends on how you approach the topic . 
  i 've seen a lot of jews ( though on the internet so you know how that goes ) straight up accuse all lithuanians to be nazis and holocaust deniers as an opening line . 
  so naturally people will get defensive and hostile . 
  there are idiots everywhere and i 'll assume that you do n't approve of your fellow countrymen instantly pulling the antisemitism card for people just sneezing in their direction . 
  very metal, 
  i do n't think that 's true . 
  most people are talking in generalizations when talking about nazis and soviets . 
  it 's mostly referring to the regimes and not the common soldiers imo . 
  it would be naive to think that there were n't any young men thrust into horrible situations to die for both sides . 
  i think these debates on who was worse do n't really matter . 
  the problem is that russia stayed unaccounted for its actions to this day . 
  you 're confused . 
  oh , dear ... that is such a non sequitur that it is laughable . 
   yeah , during ussr times amount of press on local languages was much more than it is now , and all baltic countries saved their identity . 
  ever heard of the internet ? 
  of course press is in decline . 
  your point is irrelevant . 
   nowadays baltic languages is going to disappear fearmongering . 
  what 's your source on this clairvoyance ? 
   the eu does not care about small languages read [ this ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/languages/policy/linguistic-diversity/official-languages-eu_en.htm ) . 
   no one need estonian or lithuanian language for successful career . 
  what a stupid statement to make . 
  you do n't * need * any language to have a successful career unless that particular career demands one . 
   germans are generally loved i 'd say love is a bit too strong of a word there , buddy . 
  especially when it 's the nazi period that 's being referred to . 
   the eu does not care about small languages lolwat ? 
   also , they should find a synonym for `` council '' . 
  i nominate `` assembly '' . 
  no idea :(, 
  user name does not check out . 
   lithuania is a country in northern europe . 
  one of the three baltic states , it is situated along the southeastern shore of the baltic sea , to the east of sweden and denmark . 
  it is bordered by latvia to the north , belarus to the east and south , poland to the south , and kaliningrad oblast ( a russian exclave ) to the southwest . 
  there you go . 
  thanks !, 
  i was actually about to ask that because even to me it sounded like she had an english accent . 
   it 's a tragedy but was to be expected certainly being shot is no joke ( more so several times ) , however , the odds of surviving such an event are surprisingly high if no vital organs were hit . 
  [ first article that pops up when looking for more info on it . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2008/04/03/nyregion/03shot.html?_r=0 ), 
  aside from the way you phrased it , you do not deserve the downvotes . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2008/04/03/nyregion/03shot.html?_r=0 ) article goes into the odds of surviving gunshots and they are pretty high if vital organs remain intact . 
  stop being so baltophobic , maaaan . 
  why the heh ? 
  make sure it 's not some kind of sleeper cell canadian spy moose trying to steal hockey secrets !, 
  edit : someone is shadowbanned . 
  you 've outdone yourself this time . 
  bravo . 
   not talking to you right now . 
  then why are you not sending private messages to whom you are talking to ? 
  hope this becomes a trend in the sub . 
  i 'd like to see the percentages in other countries and their counties as well . 
  cn for me as well . 
  but i think it was earlier than 1998 here . 
  they would show cn for a few hours on some local channel during the day and i wanted to know what the x-men were saying . 
  i have an older brother so he translated a few words for me since he was already learning english in school but it 's pretty easy to follow the story in cartoons in general since most stuff is shown that is being talked about . 
  then we got a pc and i was playing secret of monkey island without understanding most of the stuff that was happening . 
  took me at least 5 years to finally finish that game . 
  i would get stuck in there constantly because i could n't follow the story . 
  and then finally fallout 2 really made me read a lot of english combined with actual lessons in school . 
  by that time my vocabulary was infinitely larger than that of my peers . 
  later , i started playing mmos and it all went downhill when i learnt to leet speak . 
  what if justin timberlake brings janet jackson with him ? 
  i think we 're talking about different things . 
  my point is a response to professionalwil who suggested that those rankings could be taking into account the lack of gay communities . 
  if that were true then it would be a silly thing to do because of comparable reasons i have stated in earlier comments . 
  it 's like people complaining about sexism in stem fields when in reality women as a whole just are n't as keen to study the same things that men are and vice versa . 
  now even if there are gays everywhere but they might choose to hide it from others and in turn a community does not develop because of a low population that does not make a country `` non-gay-friendly '' . 
  countries do n't have to and i would say they should n't * promote * gay ** or ** hetero relationships . 
  it 's not any given country 's goddamned business . 
  i would n't call it fear , but i agree . 
  sure , but going back to op 's point that rating countries as non gay friendly just because there are hardly any gays there is just idiotic . 
  let 's see europe wide rankings on `` asian friendliness '' . 
  there just are n't enough stereotypical asians in europe for there to be any communities . 
  besides maybe the uk ?
