came here to find this comment . 
  i was sure this would show up along with the documentary ;d, 
  it 's more of a lithuanian thing . 
  that the name of lithuania has anything to do with rain . 
   i was not joking so why anecdote ? 
  `` caught a rabbit '' means that someone tripped or slipped and fell head first . 
  this is usually said to toddlers and small children to confuse the hell out of them and make them stop crying but i 've heard it used on adults to make fun of them or tease them for being clumsy and having no coordination . 
  also when pavements get icy during winter you start hearing people saying that they `` break-danced '' on their way to somewhere . 
  unfortunately , you seem to be the confused one . 
  i made the same point in every post . 
  i even provided a source . 
  if you still do n't get what i 'm trying to say then i honestly do n't believe that you have any kind of expertise on this matter . 
  i do n't think repeating myself ad nauseam will help . 
  in what way exactly ? 
  i did n't follow politics back then so no , i do n't remember it and see you never did say why lithuania and georgia have a special relationship right now in your previous posts . 
  i would n't have had an issue if you did so like you did in this post , instead you chose to tell an anecdote . 
   not because of some settlers and wwi refugees you seriously think that it had zero influence ? 
  adamkus being a refugee himself is well known for having contact with lithuanian communities around the world since he was a part of one in us . 
  you can see from what is said on the link that i provided that there was a lithuanian community in georgia from the 19th century so i do n't see how renewing diplomatic relations was random . 
  it 's opportunistic i 'll give you that but then again what is n't in politics . 
  okay , so i 'll admit that i 'm being overly aggressive about this and i do apologise for coming off as an asshole . 
  i do n't think that you 're being purposefully malicious with your statements . 
  the issue is that you 're generalizing and stating things as fact on things that you 're at the very least are not familiar with . 
  for one you said that the lithuanian government decided to be a big brother to georgia 10 years ago for the sole reason that we were not relevant elsewhere implying that lithuania jumped to the occasion of starting foreign relations only then and only for that reason . 
  i would love to see some kind of transcript where government officials state that or any other source for that particular nonsense that you wrote without giving a second thought about it because you were trying to be humorous . 
  secondly ,  you 're free to provide a history of the much more important 19th century lithuanian-georgian relations no one 's heard about . 
  no one heard about 19th century relations between georgia and lithuania implies that it never happened and that what i said about it is not true . 
  as far as you saying that lithuania and georgia did n't know each other until 15 years ago . 
  no , you did not explicitly say that but i doubt that you meant that lithuania and georgia regarded each other as terra incognita until adamkus `` discovered '' georgia . 
  and as far as sources go . 
  [ here ] ( https://ge.mfa.lt/ge/en/lithuanians-in-georgia ) , i hope that the embassy of the republic of lithuania in georgia is a sufficiently reputable source for you . 
  so if it 's not common knowledge that means that you can make shit up ? 
  just because you studied political science concerning the current diplomatic relations between lithuania and georgia does n't mean that they did n't happen before . 
  frankly , i 'm amazed that it 's news to you if you have truthfully studied the subject . 
  also i never said it 's more important . 
  it 's where it started to have consequences between the relations . 
  of course the relations will be stronger and have more significance between two independent countries and nations actively engaging in diplomatic matters instead of two regions that are part of the same empire where people from one region are just living together with the people in another region after being transferred there . 
  you know the honest thing you could do is say that you do n't know why lithuanians and georgians have good relations instead of making it up as you go . 
   are there any other shifts that big in history ? 
  like entire nation changing ethnicity . 
  only thing that comes to mind right now is that black ruthenians were baltic before they became black ruthenians . 
  or more specifically the area where black ruthenia was located was inhabited by yotvingians and other balts and they later assimilated with the surrounding slavic tribes . 
   our politicians ten years ago decided to be big brother to you because we were n't relevant elsewhere that 's bullshit . 
  georgian and lithuanian friendship started at the end of the xix century . 
  back when both lithuania and georgia were part of the russian empire . 
  adamkus only renewed those relations . 
  you got mixed up there , buddy . 
  wolves tend to kill dogs that are chained up outside in more rural areas . 
  i 'd say that 's pretty dangerous if you love your guard dogs . 
   what if god threw brain from the heavens and you were in a wine cellar again missing the event ? 
  haha , brilliant . 
  pretty sure vodka is n't a polish invention per se . 
  but it 's definitely not a russian invention that 's for sure . 
  my dad started working with computers pretty much right when they were available here . 
  i learned to call it doggy from him and when everyone my age started using e-mails it was still pretty much doggy . 
  only when we started having it classes is when we learned what it actually stands for and never called it doggy again . 
  maybe it was just my class :d it 's entirely possible that everyone picked it up from me since i was one of the first people in my circle of friends to get a pc . 
  i do remember one of my english teachers calling it doggy as well but then saying that her husband calls it `` eta '' which made no sense until years later when i realized that it stands for `` at '' . 
  we do call it `` eta '' but we used to call it doggy like russia as well . 
  i would n't be surprised if older people still call it that . 
   creature with a penis males generally tend to have those . 
  the lithuanian name for it is * s\u016bkur\u0117lis * ( singular form ) . 
  literally translates to something like a diminutive form of twister/whirler/spinner but no one would know what you 're talking about if you used that name or they would think it 's some kind of folk dance ( which it probably is as well ) . 
  besides the obvious one of the iron wolf of vilnius , there are also stories that in one of the basements of the old vilnius towers there used to live a basilisk . 
  apparently , the locals used to carry around mirrors with them in case the thing popped up into the streets but supposedly he ( or they ) was/were semi-tamed . 
  he was later killed by lowering a wreath of rues ( rues had magical properties ) into its lair and when they pulled it out all the flowers had withered away so they did that a couple of times until the flowers came back unchanged so they knew that the beast was dead . 
  another explanation for the decline of the basilisk population is that it naturally died out because the locals eventually stopped bringing them virgins :d also the basilisk thing seems to be a rip-off from warsaw . 
  a history professor from vilnius university in the xviii century described the basilisk of warsaw in great detail and then added an off hand comment that `` oh and vilnius had one too '' and then wrote about the rue thing . 
  makes sense . 
  somehow i doubt that your average russian would go to / r/trees for his nature necessities rather than vk . 
  why is it the fskn 's business in getting reddit blocked anyway ? 
  damn it !, 
  just came here to comment exactly that :p, 
  that would be d\u016bdmai\u0161is = d\u016bd ( drop the suffix ) + mai\u0161is ( mai\u0161as is bag ) so literally a pipebag . 
  duda ( or d\u016bda ) seems to be a pretty common surname all across central and eastern europe . 
  maybe it 's a remnant from the commonwealth . 
  that 's better than misreading it as `` pipe says x '' . 
  in lithuanian d\u016bda = pipe but colloquially it 's more of a trumpet or a flute . 
  just generally a wind instrument . 
  so the political correct term for vandals is protesters now ? 
  the universal `` are you drunk '' test : * katapultuojasi komunikabilus orangutangiukas . 
  popular tongue twisters that are supposed to be said in double time and the difficulty is from repeating them when someone else says it and not by reading it in most cases : * geri vyrai geroj girioj ger\u0105 gir\u0105 g\u0117r\u0117 ir gerdami gyr\u0117 : geriems vyrams geroj girioj ger\u0105 gir\u0105 gera gert . 
  * `` panabagyb\u0117 '' say this one a couple of times in a row . 
  the resulting mistake ( if it happens ) is pretty much a profanity so everyone loves this one . 
  not that i 've ever visited but inb4 pripyat . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean . 
  people like humour and it 's been a thing in britain long enough to develop the '' british dry humour '' stereotype . 
  when people start learning english in schools we learn about british culture as well so naturally if youre interested in that you go look for it on youtube and such and everyone mentions monty python sooner or later . 
  it 's a lot easier to find than american stand up for example when youre just starting to get into humour . 
  there 's no real stand up tradition over here and the hollywood comedies are just way too slapsticky bubble and just plain boring way too often so the dry british humour really stands out when you first encounter it . 
  of course going to a place called `` nice '' is gon na be number one . 
  that 's just cheating !, 
  black books , peep show , the thin blue line :d, 
  latvians and lithuanians tend to claim anything related to curionian as their own . 
  because curonian lands and curonians themselves have been assimilated by both latvia and lithuania ( samogitia in lithuania 's case ) . 
  that and `` baltic bro '' is strong with us even when it comes to estonians . 
  we just laugh ourselves to sleep when no one 's looking . 
  our paintings are not for sale !, 
  what 's not to like about fawlty towers , black adder , a bit of fry and laurie and monty python ? 
  just to name a few ,
