  ditto for number 9 , 11 and 12 :p, 
  i should probably not comment on reddit when i 'm about to fall asleep . 
  i was talking about u/zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzspaf the whole time :d my bad . 
  fair enough :p to me it seemed that he just thinks gothic architecture is amazing ( which it is ) and that 's about it though . 
  you seem to be implying that that temple is '' better '' than gothic style churches . 
  while i do like what i see saying one type of architecture is better than another seems iffy to me . 
  you are correct . 
  it is said in the constitution that a marriage is between a man and a woman but there 's also a point saying that everyone is equal by law so i 've heard some judge being quoted saying that gay marriage would be constitutional . 
  would probably end up called as some partnership most likely . 
  i knew blacks would win !, 
  go team !, 
  i 'll trade you k\u00f6ningsberg for finland :3, 
  so basically they have us to thank for those flags and their nordicness . 
  nordic can into baltic . 
  yes , i think i shall allow it . 
  we can do worse [ `` art '' ] ( http://www.respublika.lt/uploads/img/catalog/1/photo_for_gallery_1_65061095.jpg ) i personally like the finnish version of slender man . 
  yep , i found that 24 years tie a bit silly as well . 
  in modern times we kind of grew apart , sure but before christianity was a thing in europe balts and finns were buddy-buddies . 
  i 'm just glad these kind of partnerships are getting commemorated . 
  now i feel inclined to make some kind of joke about finns being high :d, 
  ^ that is some glorious sub right there . 
  that kind of stuff just rubs me the wrong way . 
  so russian history means only the russian empire ? 
  that means russia does n't exist because it was replaced by the soviet union and then later by the russian federation . 
  if , however , it all is `` russia '' then russians were ruled by the mongols as well . 
  a rose by any other name and all that . 
  did n't that make those who swore fealty to the khan direct subjects and vassals of the khan ? 
  meaning the lands belonged to the mongols ? 
  `` legally '' speaking that is . 
  if they suddenly tried to do what they wanted the khan could see it as a revolt in `` his '' lands . 
  so anything older than 1800 does n't count or what ? 
  one could argue about the semantics in that case for a while but i do agree with you . 
  nevertheless , if we go by the `` there was n't a ( insert ethnicity name ) at the time '' standard then we would have to rewrite a lot of history . 
  in the end the region was occupied by mongols and it 's a part of russian history . 
   the more land one captures , the more army is needed to control and secure it . 
  and we 're talking about the mongol empire here aka the largest contiguous land empire in history . 
  i agree that the situations were different but do n't say that no one in history has captured russia then if you 're going to split hairs about it . 
  put a disclaimer that no one in modern times captured russia or smth if you want to dismiss such a huge part of russian history . 
   no one in history was able to capture the whole of russia . 
  not to take away from your point but what about the mongols ? 
  kind of reminds me of stonehenge . 
  stood there minding it 's own business for millennia and then gets busted up on purpose to build a road or a wall or a bridge . 
  ca n't recall exactly right now . 
  the time thing is kind of included . 
  you find the time if you 're motivated enough . 
  and i 'm not saying you should learn 4 + languages just that it 's not as hard as some people think it is . 
  you do n't even have to actively learn grammar etc. 
  just watching cartoons in english was enough for me when i was young to expand my vocabulary and today most of my entertainment is in english from movies to music to random youtube videos or lurking in reddit . 
  if you ca n't make the time to learn something new ( not necessarily a language ) that means you do n't really want to learn it . 
  edit : and most people start learning second languages in schools etc and depending on whether or not their region is multicultural or smth . 
  so it 's usually just a matter of not forgetting the learnt languages once you 're an adult . 
  learning languages is pretty easy if you 're motivated . 
  especially european ones since they are so similar . 
  also if you know a slavic or germanic language then learning other slavic/germanic languages is a lot easier and if you know latin then pretty much every other european language is a lot easier to learn . 
  that 's why the people that know more than 5 languages tend to know languages from the same group . 
  it 's rare that people would know a lot of languages that are completely different . 
  now that would be hard . 
  imo since you know german and english you would have an easier time learning swedish or norwegian . 
  just threw out a random name , relax . 
  wikipedia did say that his contribution allowed the allies to win some few crucial battles and shortened the war by a few years . 
  good enough for me . 
  my point mostly being that individuals contributed the most . 
  governments of countries caused the whole shitstorm in the first place . 
  the survey in itself is ridiculous imo . 
  nevertheless , the change of perception that the survey portrays is fascinating . 
  you forgot the '' / s '', 
  i agree . 
  that survey is a bit shitty imo . 
  first of all ( and i 'm sure it 's not meant to be taken that way ) but what nation contributed the most to the defeat of germany of exactly 1945 seems arbitrary ... secondly , as you have already stated ussr undoubtedly had a huge role in germanys defeat but that 's like congratulating an arsonist for helping put out the fire on a kindergarten that he had set in the first place after the fire has already spread to the neighbouring buildings . 
  now correct me if i 'm wrong since my history is n't the best but was n't the us dealing weapons with nazis before the shit really hit the fan ? 
  was n't poland doing some sketchy shit with czechoslovakia with germany ? 
  did n't britain and france and whatever other country not do shit when nazi germany started annexing countries left and right ? 
  then again poland and france had massive resistances going that surely did n't help keep everything stable for germany and the war effort contributions of us , britain and the ussr are huge . 
  this whole discussion on who contributed the most is idiotic imo . 
  everyone contributed a lot in many different ways and if just one nation would have done less it would have probably ended differently . 
  in my book alan turing contributed the most . 
  i 'll go with that . 
  and just because he was british does n't mean britain contributed the most . 
  all these pissing contests are moronic . 
  in my eyes most of europe is in the same boat with ussr for letting it get to where it got in the first place . 
  sounds like latga-a in lithuania . 
  europe is a country . 
  i was n't here before but now i am !, 
  such an important distinction :d i 'll shut up now since i 'm pretty new to reddit myself and do n't have anything to add here . 
  happy independence day , braliukas !, 
  we did it reddit !, 
  conquer it in the name of the republic of u\u017eupis !, 
  i think `` pint '' for finland and lithuania is about beer and not energy . 
  edit : brainfart . 
  i speak lithuanian and english fluently . 
  i could communicate in german and russian if i really needed to and i could watch movies in either of those languages without a problem but my grammar is n't the best and i lack the vocabulary for both because of lack of use . 
  i am trying to improve my german by doing duolingo lessons daily just to condition myself to the language more . 
  i can kind of understand the gist of polish ... but not really anymore . 
  i would like to learn the basics of latvian , ukrainian and maybe dabble a little with polish but i have no urge to learn them fluently . 
  i would also like to remember my latin because that is completely gone by now . 
  upvote for lithuanian :p, 
  to me esperanto is very latin + spanish . 
  and i 'm not all that familiar with it believe it or not . 
  lithuanian is written very phonetically so maybe that 's it . 
  well , i guess til .
