  say it ai n't so !, 
  so gasp . 
  very wow . 
  much surprised . 
  fake names are incredibly common in lithuanian fb . 
  that or a real name and a random picture . 
  a lot of people just split up their first name like that guy from black eyed peas ( will iam ) or some variation of that . 
  or they transliterate their names to english or even straight up just translate it literally . 
  a common female name is rasa which literally means dew and i 've seen that quite a bit . 
  i do n't think fb could really do anything about stupid names that are just gibberish that are non-english . 
  all they could probably do is force you to verify your identity if you get reported many times but since fake names are so common no one even thinks of reporting anyone just because of a stupid name . 
  it 's also a snitch system . 
  users are supposed to report people who they think are using fake names so nobody does that . 
  to my knowledge they never allowed fake names just that any people that could possibly get in trouble for that were in usa . 
  what i forgot to clarify as far as the history part goes . 
  no one is denying it and no one is proposing of destroying the statues . 
  they will end up in some kind of a musuem sooner or later . 
  imo that 's where they belong . 
  the refusal to remove them by certain authority figures seems absurd to me . 
  we already have a specific park ( that many people have mentioned already ) for statues from this specific part of our history . 
  no one wants them uglying up the center of our capital that 's all . 
  sorry for the wall of text ramblings . 
  i 'll try to be coherent . 
  see the thing is that `` the government '' is n't really being deceitful . 
  i 'll try to explain what the situation is as far as i know and i 'm not super informed about this . 
  the removal of the statues issue has been very drawn out . 
  the actual government has proposed the removal several times now i think but it always got rejected by like the ministry of culture or something which is also part of the government but they 're not actively responsible for creating laws and such so it 's kind of separate . 
  the refusal is on the grounds that it 's part of history . 
  whatever that means . 
  so apparently the symbolism and a reminder of an oppressive regime is all cool even though soviet symbolism is banned in lithuania except in museums and stuff . 
  so the people who are responsible for refusing to take down the statues are using the `` it 's part of history '' argument but not really going in depth about it or at least i 've not heard anything beyond that . 
  to my knowledge the majority of people want the statues gone and the only argument they have for keeping it is mostly parroting that it is part of history but that usually gets sidelined by the fact that the creator of the statues was a well respected lithuanian sculptor who died around the time the government proposed to remove the statues the last time it came up . 
  so out of respect for the sculptor people got all emotional for no reason and started whining . 
  imo the biggest argument that the people have that it 's a creation of a lithuanian but then the debates do n't really go anywhere just like with the `` part of history '' argument . 
  so honestly , the loudest people about this issue are just being loud for the sake of being loud and the people who could go either way do n't really care and then the people who are left and who are the majority ( that 's my personal perception ) want them gone but the ministry of culture ( ?? ), 
  keeps blocking it . 
  oh , and i heard something that the head of the ministry of culture ( ?? ), 
  is a russian government sympathizer , but that 's anecdotal even though if i recall correctly his name was pretty much russian so there 's that . 
  as far as the current removal is concerned . 
  they had to be removed because of critical conditions . 
  the current mayor was a lawyer or something and i would n't put it beyond him that he pretty much found a loophole on how to bypass the ministry of culture ( ? ) . 
  apparently there were a bunch of talks about renovating without removal but because the conditions were critical they just had to remove the statues and the mayor is openly against the statues going back up so he 's like `` yeah ... we 're on a tight budget so the statue thing is n't really a priority right now '' . 
  i do n't think they will go back up or even get restored . 
  a few museums/parks offered to take them already . 
  lastly , as far as the deceitful part goes . 
  the only thing that was being protected was the removal of the statues but now since they are removed the city can do whatever they want especially since the protected status is about to get canceled in autumn i think and the mayor is just waiting it out for now . 
  [ here ] ( http://etd.fcla.edu/cf/cfh0004822/pelier_serenela_m_201504_ba.pdf ) is the full report/thesis . 
   1968 , feminist protest [ 2 ] illuminati confirmed ? 
  i was hoping to see a man ( allegedly going to a pub ) crouching under the line of sight of a gun pointing out of an alley . 
  that one is from ireland , right ? 
  * implement progressive tax like in finland . 
  * tax the churches . 
  * decriminalize all drugs and prostitution . 
  i think my dad has read this one enough times to know it by heart . 
  or at least that 's how i imagine it . 
  he was reading it over and over at one time . 
  always thought that it was of russian origin though . 
  correct . 
  even though it 's not entirely true . 
  what he said was a correct way of calling yourself as someone from berlin as well as the name of the doughnut . 
  edit : added explanation . 
  daaaamn . 
  and here i thought i was long past being surprised at stupid shit russian officials say . 
  ca n't seem to shake the feeling that something 's missing . 
  guy calls himself a doughnut . 
  took you a while . 
  sure , but it 's not as extreme as in marijampol\u0117 . 
  i would even go so far as saying that it 's negligible in most cases . 
  as far as sel goes , he 's a street hick and is hardly a good representation of how people speak in vilnius imo . 
  also , you seem to be confusing dialects with accents . 
  he did n't like the `` turn the other cheek '' aspect of christianity in particular and he praised islam for not having that . 
  that 's the only thing he was fond of in islam to my knowledge . 
  samogitian / \u017demaiti\u0161ka sounds pretty funny to me personally similarly to how latvian sounds . 
  hearing it just puts a smile on my face for some reason . 
  it sounds very rural . 
  if anyone tries to do an impression of a farmer or something they just start chopping off inflections ( lithuanian - as gets substituted with just - s ) which in turn starts sounding a bit latvian . 
  as far as accents go most people would probably agree that people from marijampol\u0117 region sound the goofiest . 
  off the top of my head it 's similar to the american boston accent if i 'm not mistaken with these prolonged vowels and stuff . 
  and as for slang , pretty much all the different major cities have some choice slang words that everyone from there uses with a straight face but to me is absolutely hilarious/ridiculous sounding , especially if i 'm not familiar with it . 
  personally , i would have went with [ this ] ( http://img.lrytas.lt/show_foto/?f=4&amp;id=157972&amp;s=19 ) painting instead . 
  and then everywhere else , please . 
  it really depends if there 's enough wind so you can have enough air to breathe . 
  :d fortunately , the heat should subside by tuesday/wednesday ... ** for now . 
  it was a rhetoric question meant to point out the absurdity in similar vein as how that thread about this whole thing was filled with `` ussr is illegal '' and `` mongols says it 's illegal '' and `` usa independence from uk is illegal '' . 
  his interview ended with him saying to ignore it . 
  perhaps they only focused on the `` russia is illegal '' thing where you read/heard it ? 
  vytautas landsbergis said it 's best to ignore such nonsense . 
  sounds like all the computers in your home overheated including the one inside your face . 
  i would probably suffocate if it got that hot in here . 
  :| please make the bad thoughts stop . 
  i 'm dreading the weekend . 
  it 's supposed to be +30 ish . 
  i ca n't function in that heat . 
  also if there 's no wind then that temperature + swampland = sauna open air 24/7, 
  so i guess the polish -- lithuanian commonwealth partitions were illegal as well then ? 
  does not compare the prices of kebabs !, 
  ** useless !, 
  i like them as well but only when the first line is in english . 
  it 's distracting when you start reading and then after a word of two you realize that what you 're reading is not english . 
  especially when it 's french and the first few words are used in english as well .
