  that certainly could be a part of it . 
  thing is though that there is absolutely no issue with legit polish people or russians for that matter . 
  the people who are making an issue out of nothing are the people who speak some sort of creole language with predominantly belarusian vocabulary yet who identify as polish but align themselves with russia by voting for the polish + russian party . 
  ( which for some reason excludes the russian part when translated into english ) . 
  your basic kremlin shills tbh . 
  that and that 's just my rudimentary understanding of the matter . 
  it 's a mess and i 'm inclined to look into it more in depth as much as watching a trump and hilary porn tape . 
  ca n't argue with that . 
  sounds legit polish to me . 
  it 's not what people refer to as * tutejszy * though i do n't think . 
  it 's mostly russian sounding with lithuanian and/or polish words thrown in depending which rolls off the tongue easier with an occasional english word if it 's a young person . 
  like i said i do n't even know where to begin searching in lithuanian or english . 
  also not like i 'm an expert and could identify it immediately . 
  it 's just something that you overhear on a bus from time to time . 
  all i found is that it says that it 's `` an uncodified and largely undescribed belarusian vernacular '' in wiki in lithuanian , english and from what i understand in the polish one as well . 
  that 's the language part anyway . 
  however , to my knowledge the people themselves identify more with poland than belarus though . 
  i do n't think you 've ever heard it to consider it polish . 
  i do n't know where to begin looking for a video of it but some examples have been linked in this sub on numerous occasions following a slew of comments from poles saying that they had no idea what was being said . 
  this comment is beyond ironic . 
   give back koingsberg , prussia herkus mantas wants to speak with you . 
  it 's called an indian summer in english . 
  not the shape of latvia . 
  the shape of gulf of riga . 
  that 's one of the theories though . 
  the other two that i have heard are reverse . 
  one of the other theories is that latvians call lithuanians horse heads because of our coat of arms and the other ` other ' theory is that latvians started calling lithuanians horse heads because lithuanian horse breeders would go to latvia to sell [ lithuanian horses ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c5%bdemaitukas ) at some point in time . 
  after a while lithuanians started calling latvians that . 
  honestly , the truth could be all of the above . 
  thanks , and you 'd be smart if you knew what facts are . 
  dumb ways to die : russian edition, 
   confirmed , we even add coal to our teas . 
  poland can into lung cancer !, 
  if your rockets are coal powered that 's probably why poland ca n't into space . 
  xa xa russia trick you all !, 
   penius bybius, 
  now all you need is a mich\u00e6l jordanson to pop up . 
  edit : really ? 
  downvoted for making a chicago bulls joke + sweden ? 
  he kind of has a point . 
  a politician can fuck up things for more people than a miner or a single soldier can . 
  the problem is that it 's rarely risky for the politician himself . 
   keul\u0117 that 's an edgy way of spelling kiaul\u0117 which means pig . 
  damn , that 's impressive . 
  not a fan of this map . 
  i thought the eastern tribes/peoples or whatever they 're called were based on turkey . 
  lithuania is off the charts !, 
   would be strange if one day is somehow different . 
  it is the case for latvian bros :d, 
  i wo n't argue that sekm\u0105 = septint\u0105 . 
  i 'm just annoyed that the only etymological `` explanation '' is basically just giving you an archaic synonym . 
  not to mention that it 's such a one word `` by the way '' thing in a pretty obscure wiki page . 
  yeah , i thought something with s\u0117km\u0117 as well , but finding decent etymological explanation in lithuanian is more than a chore . 
  good thing people know the archaic word for seven around here to set us straight , 
  it was coined by jablonskis that 's all fine and dandy . 
  you still wo n't find any decent information when searching the etymology of sekmadienis . 
  `` word was coined by a guy '' is not a proper etymological explanation !, 
  i had a feeling it would be the case . 
  it 's annoying that you actually have to know the word `` sekmas '' to have it explained as an old version of `` septintas '' but when you search for etymology of septyni or sekmadienis then all you get is nonesense . 
  sunday in lithuanian is also sketchy . 
  there 's no clear etymology . 
  all searches return that it was coined by the guy who standardized lithuanian like that 's a plausible etymology ... 
  unless there 's some archaic word for seven i doubt that sekmadienis means seventhday . 
  my bad :p, 
  on paper , perhaps it is a fair fight but i do n't see anything fair about being jumped by a mob for what seems to be no reason . 
  i 'm not sure i follow . 
  but [ here 's ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/52pc39/a_polish_man_has_been_attacked_and_beaten_by_a/d7m8ndn ) a comment from this thread that might help regarding the `` polish race '' bit of your comment . 
   ( besides not jump the guy at all ) you answered your own question . 
  that 's the rationale . 
  sucker punching someone , jumping someone with a bunch of buddies for no reason or playing the `` knock out game '' is what little bitches do . 
  it 's besides the point that the `` smart '' thing to do is to catch someone off guard thus avoiding bodily harm to your own person . 
  so not only are those 20 teens stupid but they are little bitches to boot . 
  that 's just cruel , sir . 
  dude , seriously . 
  you 're just playing semantic games and arguing just to argue . 
  seems to me that we 're generally in agreement other than you have some issue with me calling their actions cowardly for attacking an unsuspecting guy 1 vs 20 . 
  how is that not a cowardly action ? 
   doubt it - gang violence does n't tend to hit the news and this would n't have had the victim not been polish . 
  a ` gaggle of mindless drones ' would n't really display the viciousness and malice shown here - remember they basically hunted a guy , it 's fucking horrible . 
  then why did you say `` it just shows that they did n't in one instance . '' ? 
  which one is it ? 
  if you doubt that they did this only once ( which i do as well ) why did you say that this account shows only that they did it once ? 
  i agreed with you on a technicality and then you come back at me with `` no , you 're wrong '' ... no doubt that it 's a horrible thing to have happened . 
   is it spineless or cowardly ? 
  morally repulsive , sure , the rest ? 
  does n't really work . 
  cowardly or spineless people would n't put themselves outside of the law just for the joy of hurting somebody . 
  these sort of vermin are dangerous . 
  spineless and cowardly ? 
  - yes . 
  morally repulsive ? 
  - absolutely . 
  it works like clockwork , actually . 
  these vermin are indeed dangerous and the logic of `` doing something illegal by definition is brave because it is against the law '' is ridiculous . 
  sucker punching someone is not bravery . 
  especially when you have 19 of your buddies to bail you out if things go south . 
   see this is where the fantasy novel shit comes it - you mistake the intention for some sort of fight when the aim was to terrify and hurt . 
  i will concede that my statement is highly circumstantial but you 're naive to think that generally speaking a 28 year old man could not defend himself against a 16-18 year old boy . 
  and here you 're saying that you know what their intention was . 
  what does it matter anyway ?
