  you 're really something . 
  it 's clear that it 's people like you that make others weary of jews today . 
  context is not allowed with you . 
  it 's beyond ironic how you claim `` blaming the victim '' and then do it yourself . 
  it 's beyond ironic how you reduce a nation and all of it 's history to one tragic event as if it defines us . 
  i hate hypocrites . 
  we 're done here . 
   history goes around and around and around . 
  time is a flat circle ? 
  i 'll just say it again because you do n't seem to get it . 
  it 's hard to understand what you mean when you keep saying two things that mean different things at the same time . 
  and besides all that , your whole point is about what ** you ** think is the moral high ground . 
  your personal opinions do n't mean anything when talking about things in the past . 
  things happened . 
  they could have happened differently but they did n't . 
  now you shitting on lithuanians who had nothing to do with it is n't proving anything other than your own personal flaws . 
  calling you a hypocrite for being a hypocrite is not an ad hominem . 
  you really need to learn the distinction . 
   some fought the invaders all the way . 
  others fought one with the other . 
  ** just like the lithuanians . 
  ** the latter do n't deserve freedom , the former do . 
  so same game but different rules . 
  haha , you ca n't be real . 
  you are contradicting yourself agaiiiiiiiiiiiin . 
   now you 're going even more ad hominem . 
  i 'd report you , but i 'm not going that low . 
  i 'm done with you . 
  i 'll grant you that that was n't intended as a flattering description but when you act like a clown do n't expect people not to call you one . 
  good night . 
   is this a thinly veiled threat ? 
  that the jews are powerless and that ` you know where it can go so we should avoid that ' . 
  the jews are n't powerless anymore , this is n't 1939 , we have the ability to physically defend ourselves through a state , this includes anti-semites in europe . 
  omg , dude . 
  you just proved my point . 
  you go into discussions aggro . 
  you see everything as a threat and an insult and then you 're surprised when you 're answered in kind . 
  it 's not a threat . 
  what would that accomplish ? 
  and that other part about jews being powerless . 
  wtf did you see that even implied by me ? 
   what a load of nonsense , you do realise every neo-nazi starts his sentence which such vile rants . 
  the prerequisite for anti-semitism is either to a ) deny it b ) not deny it but claim the jews ` milk it ' . 
  you should be ashamed for spouting such rubbish . 
  you 're delusional if you do n't think that there are jews who milk it . 
  now again if you 're going to be hostile to me for no reason implying that i 'm a neo-nazi then saying that i 'm not is pointless . 
  here 's a hypothetical for you : `` if you think that all lithuanians are like that then why should i think that all jews are not like you ? '', 
  do you even grasp this concept ? 
   like i said , i saw absolutely no outrage by the native lithuanians for the crimes their nationalists did . 
  it thus falls on the responsibility of the surviving jews to speak up for our slaughtered brothers/forefathers . 
  this includes lithuania . 
  i have a strong feeling throughout your comment that you have something against jews . 
  this for example . 
  so if you did n't see an outrage then it did n't happen ? 
  that 's holocaust denier logic . 
  he did n't see it happen himself then it means it did n't happen . 
   again , complete rubbish , this never is ` brought up ' . 
  okay , maybe you never do . 
  but i 've seen it and heard it brought up . 
  same way that you spoke with some lithuanians that did n't condemn nazism . 
  i do n't hold you accountable for some jewish asshole and i do n't think that all jews and israel as a whole are retards . 
  do you get what i 'm trying to tell you ? 
   look i do n't believe you are anti-semitic at all , you claim you condemn such believes , i do believe however that you feel guilty for the crimes some of lithuanian nationalist did during the ww2 period and thus to allieviate this guilt you 're going on rants on how the ` jews only view themselves as the victims ' , by doing so , potraying those whom went through genocide as the wrongdoiers , it helps alleviate it . 
  this is my belief anyways . 
  i get ranty about this topic for the previous things that i 've said . 
  jews in lithuania flourished and we had good relations as people and now every jew you run into on the internet straight up starts claiming that lithuanians are holocaust deniers . 
  it 's annoying to say the least . 
  not to mention the thing that you have brought up as well . 
  that they were lithuanian citizens . 
  it 's like you rob us of a tragedy and then blame us for it for not dealing with it while having no autonomy during occupations . 
  that 's how i feel about it sometimes . 
  also i never portrayed jews as the wrongdoers . 
  that 's a whole different topic of why jews have been universally disliked during history ( not that it 's a valid reason for genocide ) . 
  i was just merely pointing that that there are assholes everywhere and how you 're frustrated by blatant idiocies when confronting some lithuanians , i can assure you that there are more than enough of equally retarded individuals among your people as well . 
   and yes , many of them ( lithuanians ) literally praised the german occupation/government of ww2 , which was disturbing for me to read . 
  i realise now this might have been more out of hatred for the soviet union/russia than actual anti-semitism . 
  this is because the germans fought the russians , whom they viewed the russians more of their enemy ( i did not know during the time lithuanians today strongly dislike russia and the soviets ) . 
  those who actually praise german occupation are either ill informed or neo nazis . 
  but let 's be honest here . 
  both groups are probably uneducated on the topic . 
  it 's natural that you would be upset more about a toothache that lasts for a month than a broken leg that you had a few years back . 
  if that analogy makes sense . 
  also keep in mind that litvaks were mostly in vilnius . 
  you do n't need to be of a different race or nationality or whatever for there to be a disconnect between people living in urban areas and people living in rural areas . 
  not that that 's an excuse it 's just part of the context . 
  you answered it yourself regarding the link . 
  people that get `` honored '' are people who fought soviets . 
  a bunch of em were shady but that honored stuff is blown out of the water honestly . 
  they just have plaques . 
  no one would know about them if the jewish community did n't cause a stink about it . 
  and then it goes international as if we 're holding parades for them . 
  btw there were plenty of jews in authority positions sending lithuanian families to gulags during russian empire times . 
  this gets mentioned in documentaries as one of the reasons as a catalyst to how jewish and lithuanian relations soured prior ww2 . 
  make no mistake , however , this fact does not make me hostile to jews even though i 'm sure most would defend those individuals . 
  it 's just tribal . 
  you talk shit about some group of people and other people from the group get the urge to defend them . 
  i just do n't get what is to be accomplished branding everyone from a nation as nazi sympathizers because you ran into some dickheads . 
  you keep talking about an outrage . 
  what do you expect to happen ? 
  lithuania recognizes the holocaust etc , our first president issued an official apology .
