  yeah well no shit it was built by some random builders . 
  the myth is about how gediminas established the city which is definitely a myth . 
  however , the fact is that he moved the capital there though which greatly increased the importance of the city ( or should i call it town ? ), 
  as well as the city itsef . 
  whether the wooden structure was built on his orders or if he just took over one that was already built is an open question but arguing about semantics if the towers should be called by gediminas who put vilnius on the map or vytautas who rebuilt it is pointless . 
  well i 'm not an expert in that but i would still say that vytautas rebuilt gediminas ' castle only that he made improvements . 
  of course it 's possible that there was already some kind of wooden structure there when gediminas got there . 
  i would n't want to call the tower by a different name anytime someone new gets in power . 
  actually yeah it was build by him but it was wooden . 
  historians think that the brick structure that we have now was built during vytautas times . 
  so the tower is built by gediminas but vytautas did renovations , 
  `` it appears as a decorative element in various cultures since at least the neolithic '' - wiki quote . 
  nazis adopted the swastika because of the whole aryan race thing i think . 
  is it just me or scandinavia and nordic countries should switch places in the video ? 
  it seems to me that people mostly argue about which countries can be considered nordic while there 's no dissent about which countries are scandinavian . 
  heh , it does sound nice but we 're united by more than that :p, 
  i 'm gon na go on a limb here and say that that 's a telltale sign of extreme arrogance . 
  just a mindset that others should adapt to you rather than compromising for the sake of communication . 
  there are still a lot of ethnic russians in lithuania who could n't muster up even a single lithuanian word even if their life depended on it . 
  but the kicker is that they understand it . 
  i have a knee jerk reaction of speaking to them specifically only in lithuanian . 
  the end result looks weird from the side when people are talking in different languages and it 's completely coherent . 
  because of people like that i have been a complete ass to what i think was just a tourist and i only realised it after the interaction was over . 
  so now i need russian speaking tourists to explicitly hint that they 're tourists or i will speak to them only in lithuanian and then feel like an asshole when i realize that they were indeed tourists . 
  oh , do n't worry i 'm well aware of that :p probably should have added '' / s '' in my post . 
  i did say a quick glance :d, 
  personally , i would n't say people care per se but it 's just nice to hear especially if you like the famous person or their work . 
  i think it 's like that for every country . 
  you get strangely proud for someone from your country that made something of himself/herself in a different country or culture . 
  that 's assuming the classic definition of famous where you got famous for the work that you have done . 
  i wonder if armenians are proud that kim kardashian is a famous armenian ... for example the vocalist 's from red hot chilli peppers grandmother was lithuanian if i 'm not mistaken and it 's just a neat factoid that people throw around sometimes . 
  also when they were performing in lithuania there was an ad that basically had the band members standing around talking to the camera and the vocalist driving around on a bicycle and the band members just straight up said `` we 're gon na perform , come see us , kiedis ' grandma was lithuanian '' . 
  that was the gist of the commercial . 
  bob dylan is also listed in most lists where lithuanian ancestry of famous people is discussed . 
  i 'm ashamed i forgot him !, 
  well at least unlike hannibal lecter , marko alexandrovich ramius is based on a real lithuanian [ jonas ple\u0161kys ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jonas_ple%c5%a1kys ) . 
  honestly , i had to google for the violinists name myself and it takes me a while to conjure up the name of `` the solaris guy '' as well . 
  you should know sabonis only if you 're into basketball though :p, 
  after a quick glance it looks like most have stayed the same except for the latvian and finnish swastikas for obvious reasons . 
  [ source ] ( http://dailyinfographics.eu/air-force-roundels-before-ww-ii/ ) . 
  i guess russia is right when it says that latvia and finland are full of fascists ? 
  good to know . 
  it 's kind of sketchy with people identifying as lithuanians back then . 
  especially if they were jewish . 
  also george maciunas ( jurgis ma\u010di\u016bnas ) initiator of fluxus movement . 
  eimuntas nekro\u0161ius - famous theatre director . 
  mostly for her kurgan hypothesis . 
  dainius zubrus - ice hockey player . 
  virgilijus alekna - famous discus thrower . 
  r\u016bta meilutyt\u0117 - swimmer that 's all the rage right now , winning everything everywhere . 
  laurence harvey - actor . 
  al jolson - actor , singer , performer . 
  used black face a bunch . 
  and of course hannibal lector :d maybe also jogaila . 
  polish king that basically is considered to have started the polish golden age if i 'm not mistaken . 
  there 's also a loooot of famous people with lithuanian parents or ancestry in general but i suppose every country has that . 
  i think i 've milked this topic for what it has ;d, 
  jascha heifetz ( famous jewish violinist ) was born in vilnius , lithuania ( then part of the russian empire ) . 
  also the actor from the famous soviet russia sci-fi movie solaris ( 1972 ) was born in vilnius and was lithuanian ( donatas banionis died on the 4th of september last year ) . 
  probably not worth mentioning sabonis and savickas  _ , 
  makes sense ;d i did think that it was a little weird to be such a big difference . 
  in vilnius it was the other way around to that  something likes this : [ random internet pic ] ( http://alkas.lt/wp-content/uploads/2011/01/saules-uztemimas.jpg ), 
  such is life . 
  definitely sped up . 
  you can see cars go by super fast and later on some people moving way too fast . 
  sounds fun :d, 
  like others have said it 's the high solar magnetic events but also because well ... lithuania is in northern europe . 
  it 's obviously not finland north but those things still happen in lithuania from time to time . 
  not as high up as you guys of course but lithuania is still in the north , 
  there 's nothing sad about black or brown hair . 
  do n't be so defensive  but you have to admit that turks generally have a slightly darker skin tone than what most people perceive a generic `` white guy '' looks like . 
  and there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  a lot of people would n't mind a permanent tan so to speak . 
  there 's a spectrum of skin tone and facial features . 
  it 's not just black or white . 
  a lot of people might not say that turks are `` white '' but i doubt that they would disagree that turks are caucasian . 
  see what i mean ? 
  there 's a thing called olive skin tone prevalent in the mediterranean and latin american populations . 
  just because people think turks have a darker complexion does n't mean they think that turks are n't caucasian . 
  the darker complexion thing includes italians , greeks and spanish , etc. 
  i do n't think that 's bad company . 
  imo you 're blowing this way out of proportion . 
  if this thread was about `` what annoying things girls do '' and op said that there were girls in the class saying the same things that boys were saying and then you 'd go : `` hey girls are humans too ! '' . 
  that 's what you 're doing right now . 
  no one sane is saying that turks are n't caucasian . 
  i think what op was trying to convey is that the class was n't just full of racist white kids but that the students had a variety of skin tones and complexions and even cultural backgrounds . 
  he/she even said that that 's not how he/she meant it . 
  and i do n't know where you got the idea that i did n't believe you when i was on your side . 
  hope this cleared it up for ya , 
  fun fact : that guy who caused all this is lithuanian . 
  so you 're welcome i guess ? 
  and here i thought only asians ate dogs . 
  i do n't get it how people choose to live in dumps of their own creation . 
  they could at least put it in one place rather than all over . 
  daaaaaamn that 's dystopian looking :|, 
  i do n't think op meant it that turks are n't white . 
  i understood it that the class was n't just full of pale blue eyed blond kids . 
  fair enough . 
  that other list is a lot better though :p, 
  you could have included at least some songs that have stood the test of time ...
