  russians are fascists !, 
  women would also cut their braids when they got married . 
  so it 's a double whammy . 
  get a haircut and then put a headscarf on . 
  signalling that they 're out of the dating market . 
  the stubborn lowlanders of course . 
  [ lithuanian hound ] ( http://www.dogwallpapers.net/wallpapers/cute-lithuanian-hound-dog-wallpaper.jpg ) + [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian_hound ), 
  i find it really interesting how there are numerous '' special unit '' type of peoples throughout various nations . 
  what 's gallowglass supposed to be ? 
  well the women are from venus part is spot on if you consider the hell hath no fury like a woman scorned quote . 
  i do n't know where you got that idea . 
  why do you say that ? 
  my bad . 
  what 's up with not allowing words to end in consonants in japanese and korean anyway ? 
   the letter for r and l is the same technically not really . 
  i meant korean with my previous comment as well . 
  they have like 3 different l 's and 3 r 's and some of them sort of overlap . 
  they do seem to use latin letters r and l almost interchangeably though . 
  i see . 
  i never specified i was talking about chinese though . 
  i had korean more in mind when i wrote my comment . 
  just assumed chinese was similar . 
  they still pronounce it as romania , i presume . 
  not a hard r but still ( they have like 3 different ways of pronouncing something that indo-europeans do n't differentiate ) . 
  that stereotype starts making a lot more sense when you look into it . 
  for example , no one is surprised that volkswagen is pronounced as folksvagen . 
  try being gay in mississippi , louisiana , etc. 
  decadent *, 
  if this does n't work the eu should make visas mandatory for a few select states . 
  little green men helmets ? 
   lithuania : monika linkyt\u0117 - po dangum ftfy, 
  city *, 
  this is a city though . 
  do n't know what makes it a city but it was listed as one . 
   that 's obviously wrong . 
  russia backed off and gave you what you wanted without a war . 
  read what / u/pm _ me_your_ladyboys said . 
   when you protested , the russians stood by you and gave you what you wanted . 
  if there were russians protesting your government against using the military that does not make russia merciful . 
   they did n't had to , but they did . 
  and i 'm grateful to those russians for showing their support . 
   stalin and hitler comparisons make no sense , none of them would allow you independence . 
  i 'm sure a lot of things do n't make sense to you and soviets did n't `` allow '' shit , they had no other choice . 
  do n't play dumb . 
  mental gymnastics can not even begin to describe what you 're saying . 
  what you 're saying is bullshit and you know it . 
  great act of mercy my ass . 
  i guess stalin was merciful for not completely eradicating everyone in soviet russia as well ? 
  how about that merciful hitler for leaving some jews alive ? 
  happy bday !, 
  europhobia exists in erdogan . 
  someone posted a town in vietnam that had english architecture i believe . 
  or just simply raiders . 
  do n't be greedy . 
  leave something for others !, 
  i heard they have an app for it !, 
  what else did people hear about iceland ? 
   * `` humankind can not gain anything without first giving something in return . 
  to obtain , something of equal value must be lost . 
  that is alchemy 's first law of equivalent exchange . 
  jane doe said otherwise !, 
  magic is not without sacrifice . 
  lots of celebrities died . 
  there will be a price to pay if we start meme'ing . 
   national flags coloring books are easier than even the simplest of kids coloring book . 
  that 's kind of the point . 
  they are simple so that your average joe could slap a few colors together and go do what average joes do . 
  untiedkingdom ... freudian slip op ? 
  give back russia to the mongolians . 
  but where 's the first guy ?!!, 
  i assume his name is waldo . 
  are catlols next ? 
  you fuckers !, 
  put down the flamethrower , sir . 
  the burn center is at capacity as it is . 
   prussians boooooooo, 
  i think she was born in 42 . 
  that 's just rude . 
  did n't think it was a dig . 
  i actually had the same thought as you . 
  everything is crap if you look at it that way . 
  eu , uh , funds a way . 
  i do n't know if anyone is freezing . 
  personally i 'm just * chillin ' * . 
   everyone knows that the fake prussians are germans . 
  ftfy, 
  cheers !, 
  i have nothing to add to your first part . 
  i would n't come to the same conclusion , however . 
  but let 's not get into that . 
   what , no . 
  granted , i did n't use the best formulation : of course not 100 % of the lithuanian population was involved in the holocaust , in fact many of them did help jews escape i know you did n't mean it that way but this is what i 'm trying to say . 
  you made black and white generalizations and in the same breath advocated that the world is n't black and white . 
  that was the initial thing that caught my eye . 
   what i was saying is that , from the admitelly little i read on this topic , one the reason that the genocide of the lithuanian jews was so complete compare to other places ( including other baltic states ) is that this genocide was committed with the participation of a part of the population that was bigger than in other countries . 
  look , i 'm not saying just because there 's context and nuance to the matter that it somehow absolves what happened but you bringing up that a small population got killed faster than bigger ones like it 's something that denies the laws of physics is baffling to me . 
  i wo n't repeat the lithuanian jews vs polish jews point i made . 
   you 're making stuff up , by the way . 
  i never said that . 
  i never said you did .
