  and leave it as activated . 
  hope that works . 
  http://gpis.vpgt.lt/ pick your phone brand . 
  some models are not supported . 
  although , i have a phone that is not listed among the models and i 'm getting alerts on it . 
  edit : when you select the brand be sure to check out the `` svarbu \u017einoti '' wall of text on the right side before picking the model for a step-by-step . 
  thanks , i got the alert too but i understood it as the similarity in wind speeds is expected not rain . 
  in the precipitations map on meteo.lt it looks like rainfall more or less skips vilnius tonight . 
  however , they did put up the alert message on the website as well now . 
  of course it 's not talking specifically about vilnius . 
  it 's gon na be above +30 celcius in an hour . 
  everything will dry out before sunset . 
  i do n't know where you 're getting info about the second storm . 
   but fgm does so much more harm to the body . 
  fgm is like the equivalent of cutting off the entire bellend . 
  there are different classifications of various degrees of bodily harm for either gender . 
  lol good save . 
  i think you forgot someone . 
  the trident and eu flag combo works real well with ukrainian colours . 
  should have made a blue outline on the stars . 
   twangste . 
  it was occupied by teutons . 
  now occupied by russia . 
  ftfy, 
  loving the pictures !, 
   the other one used to work in bucharest as a police officer until he tried to stop the wrong person . 
  turned out to be some ministry offcial , three weeks later he lost his job that is super lame . 
  lol that 's a hilarious image . 
  well , now i 'm hungry . 
  hope you 're happy . 
  could n't even put up the coat of arms , smh . 
  [ what did you just say ?!, 
  oh , of course he is a celebrity but she did n't know it . 
  she just saw a guy being followed and filmed/photographed so her natural reaction is to interject ... everyone obviously was having fun with the whole thing . 
  it 's the thought process that i 'm baffled with . 
  am i the only one that finds this cringey ? 
  how narcissistic and blatantly self absorbed one must be to photobomb someone who they just * think * is some sort of celebrity . 
  and then has the gall to ask why they are important . 
  that 's just rude and disrespectful to anyone . 
   what is cahors ? 
  it 's a city in france \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  the correct answer is less . 
  [ let it happen ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/85/fb/66/85fb660296da669f3a11bb5d88f20abc.jpg ), 
  [ you mean this guy do n't you ? 
  ] ( http://www.otakuhouse.com/images/2011/09/full-metal-alchemist-alex-louis-armstrong.jpg ), 
   our own peole are filthy . 
  :d they just do n't bathe because the bathing water is dirty . 
  so they get dirty and when they do eventually bathe they make the water worse !!!, 
  it 's a vicious cycle . 
  just buy a new one , they 're not that expensive . 
  i feel weird when i see your comments that are not blatant trolling . 
  there 's an article about this in a lithuanian news site . 
  basically says that the numbers include tourists as well . 
  and different countries use different ways of coming up with those numbers . 
  alcohol is definitely a problem here but as many people in this thread already said the problem is mostly with rural folk . 
  you do n't get it . 
  see `` comparing nazi occupation to soviet occupation is a spat on the face of the holocaust '' but because france did n't have to deal with communism it 's totally okay to disregard the suffering of anyone who is n't western european . 
  it 's totally cool to spit in the face of forced deportations and gulags because most people did n't return from those so who cares . 
  it 's not like hitler got the concept of concentration camps from gulags , amirite lol . 
  haha , it 's not like some countries were occupied by both nazis and the soviets !, 
  lololol and the jews that were killed in lithuania and poland do n't count because they were jewish , totally not citizens of those countries . 
  so that 's all that matters . 
  the jews and the holocaust is all that matters in all of history . 
  any kind of suffering your family or forefathers might have experienced are irrelevant because you 're not jewish and you 're not western european . 
  get it now ? 
  thanks eurovision !, 
  okay , now this map i like !, 
  ( but it 's still full of nonesense ), 
   the kid 's mother dresses him nicer than my mother dresses me . 
  no problem , mate . 
  booo, 
  i 'm just generalizing . 
  i have n't watched this year , 
  no one votes for non english songs unless it 's french or italian . 
  you think it would be cool if all countries would sing in only their native language but once someone does , the song is completely forgettable because no one knows what it 's about . 
  and those mixed language songs are the worst imo ... 
  yeah , it does seem like there are a few things that are less than accurate in this map . 
  interesting nonetheless . 
  * cough * northern europe * cough *, 
  that applies to pretty much only the grodno region i believe . 
  and a negligible part of the vitebsk region . 
  `` galindoe '' were balts not germanic . 
  other than that it 's an interesting map . 
  our summers are cool and hip . 
  you know ... fashionably late !, 
  i really like this . 
  it looks like it 's a painting if you do n't look at the background . 
   we will never extradite russian citizens , and certainly not to hostile states such as estonia , lithuania and the us . 
  you say hostile states but are against extraditing war criminals who murdered civilians in another country ( during a hostile takeover attempt no less ) . 
  mental gymnastics at its finest , folks . 
   their european vassals i 'll assume you 're russian . 
  not many other countries project their medieval mentalities anymore . 
  you should have went with this pic . 
  terrorists get depressed during the winters in the north . 
   we do n't need european nonsense about thousands of genders and orientations here . 
  is n't that more american ? 
   responding police officers refused to seize video surveillance footage that might help identify the attacker . 
  of course they refused . 
   today everyday . 
  til estonians think they 're sami .
