   yes , he was lithuanian no , he was n't . 
   but not in the way modern lithuanians think of themselves what other ways are there for lithuanians to think that they are lithuanian ? 
  it 's weird . 
  his paternal side was lithuanian-ruthenian , his maternal side was ruthenian , he identified himself as a litvin ( term meaning a citizen of the grand dutchy of lithuania ) but spoke polish as the majority of the nobility and did n't know a word of ruthenian . 
  he was kind of all over the place . 
  maybe that 's why it was so easy for him to go fight for whomever . 
  i would n't call him straight up polish . 
  edit : okay , so who 's butthurt over facts ? 
  can someone explain to me why when mountain climbers die , news outlets label it as if the big bad self conscious mountain committed homicide ? 
  it 's a shame that it happens but it kind of comes with the territory does n't it ? 
  says the nobel peace prize laureate and war criminal . 
   why ca n't it reflect the origin of the words as well ? 
  it can and whatever you do with a word you can still trace its origins especially if a shift is done in modern times . 
  i mean there 's no need to make all languages completely phonemic but some languages sure could use a simplification reform . 
  read my comment again . 
  nowhere do i say that . 
  it 's just my opinion that language spellings in general should reflect pronunciation phonemically , not this particular instance , although because i think that , i agree with an effort to simplify french spelling . 
  how they are going about doing that is a different topic . 
  thanks for your informative comment . 
  those kind of comments really help in having productive discussions . 
  keep it up !, 
  oh the languages progress naturally without problems . 
  that 's why everyone needs to agree on the spelling once in a while when the languages progress a bit too far ahead :p, 
  yeah , but a phonetic spelling would be overkill . 
  let 's stick with phonemic :d that 's what i had in mind anyway . 
  it matters when you say that i said something that i never did . 
  we can agree to disagree though , 
   i 'm not twisting your words , it 's literally what you said . 
  you do n't seem to distinguish between the language itself and its spelling system . 
  those are not the same . 
  i 'm saying that the spelling systems of english and french are redundant not the languages . 
   just because you think their languages are redundant i never said that , do n't twist my words . 
  just because i think that their spelling systems are horseshit does n't mean i do n't like the languages . 
  it 's fine if you do n't agree and it 's really up to the french and english if they want to reform their spelling systems or not . 
  well as some people in this thread have already wrote english as if an easter european would have pronounced it , it is pretty clear that it would be a very difficult transition and that a complete phonemic switch would be overkill and unnecessary . 
  however , some sort of simplification or reform is long overdue for both english and french imo . 
  and a lot of other languages could update their numerical systems too ... * cough * dutch * cough *, 
  it 's inefficient that 's what 's wrong . 
  typing extra letters that are not supposed to be pronounced is redundant and i bet that even native speakers can not read [ this ] ( http://ncf.idallen.com/english.html ) flawlessly . 
  and again , what authenticity are you talking about ? 
  no one talks or spells like shakespeare anymore and shakespeare did n't talk or spell like chauser or those monks that wrote beowulf . 
  if you do n't like the idea of reforming languages for efficiency 's sake because you have some romanticized ideas of the whole thing that 's fine but just say so . 
  and eventually you get the french language that has 3 silent letters in one word . 
  or the english language where the same exact letters have 4 different ways of pronouncing . 
  what 's the point of that ? 
  again , i fail to see how a spelling reform would somehow take the history out of the language . 
  the history would n't go anywhere . 
  just google '' ( any word ) etymology '' and you 'll see that most words have already changed spellings several times thus `` lost most of their history '' . 
  true that . 
  i fail to see how it does that . 
  the words would stay the same it 's only how they are transcribed that would change . 
  thanks , 
  does n't mean that we should just leave all those languages as is . 
  especially since the spoken languages will just keep evolving . 
  sooner or later there has to be a reform . 
  heh , well english is a whole different can of worms . 
   well that 's just stupid then ... 
  how else would you suggest i should phrase this ? 
  well that 's just stupid then ... then again the charriot example you gave . 
  again , i ca n't speak french and do n't know if there are some benefits for this kind of spelling or not . 
  like could it signify that french guttural `` r '' or is it always pronounced like that hence double r 's are useless ? 
  the english language is notorious for having stupid grammar . 
  however , that has nothing to do with why we 're in an american forum . 
  seems like your comment is a non sequitur to me . 
  i 'm just saying how i feel in general . 
  imo french is one of the languages that should go through some kind of reform . 
  how the reform is done is a whole different topic since i ca n't speak french and do n't know the language in depth . 
  the spelling of words should reflect the language and how the words are pronounced imo . 
  i 'm all for ~ ~ phonetic ~ ~ phonemic spelling . 
  edit : wrong term . 
  got ta hand it to the media making a big deal out of this . 
  not that i like the guy in the first place but he was just speculating that the things that are happening in poland could make it an unattractive place for investors thus affecting lithuania as well . 
  then add a shitty translation and you have panic . 
  that 's not exactly what the article says though . 
  google translate of course , but from what i understand the shorter life spans of these ice swimmers include only those with heart issues . 
  which kind of goes without saying that any stress on the heart be it heat or cold can be harmful if the hearts are already sensitive . 
  furthermore it says : [ people who do these ice swims have ] higher levels of a number of protective factors in the blood , factors that protect against infections , and this fits with that [ iceswimmers ] have fewer respiratory infections than others . 
  do correct me if google messed something up . 
  would n't wan na be caught in scotland during `` the darkness '' . 
  that sounds like `` winter is coming '' but scarier . 
  thanks for translating !, 
  thanks . 
  it 's pretty dry but very simple and specific . 
  just like our names for the days of the week , 
   karvelinis ( cow ) pretty sure it means karvelis ( dove , pigeon ) . 
  otherwise , great post . 
  : terms for months * you got a typo there . 
  would be nice to know what they mean literally . 
  it 's astonishing how some people can not grasp this difference . 
  so if you never heard this then it must be myths created out of jealousy ? 
  come on now ... do you know why she is nicknamed milda ? 
  damn , even poland helped us out i think . 
  considering the fresh bad blood at the time and all . 
  it 's more like riga rekt kaunas specifically . 
  supposedly , they made theirs 3 times bigger than the one in your picture because riga is 3 times bigger than kaunas . 
  sounds like latvians were super hyped and inspired by our monument than trying to one up us :d milda is definitely more impressive though , even if i like the design of the one in kaunas better . 
  everything has to be neon lighted with you guys does n't it ? 
  fun fact : the sculptor , k\u0101rlis z\u0101le , was born in lithuania and the inspiration for the statue was his lithuanian neighbour named milda . 
  that 's the nickname for the statue as mentioned in the video . 
  milda is also a possible lithuanian goddess of love and of freedom .
