b a n t e r a n t e r, 
  they are totally different regarding their politics in western and eastern turkey . 
  they obviously target different audiences , so in western turkey they come up with progressive ideas ( such as pro lgbt eg . 
  ) , which is great and earns them votes from progressive citizens . 
  in eastern turkey they go by separatist-nationalist anti-turkish rhetorics . 
  their target audience there are kurdish nationalists . 
  to earn their votes over there they say stiff like ` we will build a statue of \u00d6calan ' , ` the pkk would only need to spit to make the turkish army drown ' . 
  demirta\u015f also attended several times families of terrorist who killed soldiers and civilians and issued his support for them . 
  hdp knows that western turkey is not interested in their separatist-terrorist bullshit , and they clearly know that in eastern turkey they would be told to fuck off if they came up with their pro-lgbt topics . 
  and hdp officials attended her funeral . 
  pricks . 
  saw a man saying that voting yes will help turkey to become stronger and better , and not turn into another middle east country like syria or iraq . 
  funnily , assad and saddam have been presidents who had ultimate powers which dictator tayyip wants as well . 
  the beauty in having ultimate powers is that you wo n't be prosecuted and you wo n't be challenged . 
  so you can continue with your corruption without any issues . 
  the current constitution was created after the 1980 coup . 
  but you 're right with your first point . 
  many akp supporters do n't know what they 're voting for and they do n't care . 
  as long as they 're doing what their leader wants them to do , they do n't need to know what they 're doing . 
  shakira law coming to europe amirite ? 
  america supported bin laden and the taliban . 
  america supported the coup in 1980 in turkey which led to the downfall of socialism in turkey and paved the way for islamists . 
  america destabilised the middle east by toppling saddam which eventually led to region-wide crises . 
  america supported and armed syrian rebels which would lead to a civil war over there , to the complete destruction of syria , the formation of isis , thousands of deaths and mass emigration into turkey and western europe . 
  america still supports saudi arabia , the ones which fund global jihadism . 
  and this is only about this certain region . 
  conquered by whom and how ? 
  do n't be silly . 
  there is definitely a problem but european countries will not be conquered by islamist . 
  it all started when the yanks started supporting and funding islamist to counter leftists . 
  now , due to the age of information radicals are more likely to get affected by the call for jihad . 
  i 'm becoming desensitised if i 'm brutally honest . 
  but every time , it 's just so shocking to see dead people who were just minding their business . 
  not gon na lie , these kind of videos will only help tayyip more and more and it 's full of generalisations . 
  it 's not even funny , but typical german/austrian humour . 
  religion = mental illness confirmed . 
  the irish alphabet , i 'm not quite familiar with it , is very different . 
  maybe if read it would sound quite similar . 
  for example ` tiocfaidh ar la ' is a phrase i 'm similar with , and the first word is pronounced something like choocky ( short oo though ) . 
  it seems like different languages can have the same words but with different meanings attached . 
  my dad 's an atheist , my mum 's a cultural muslim ( did n't pray more than ten times in the last five years ) , so it 's fine , but i was raised as muslim , was never really religious , but at some point due to depression and the search for the meaning of life i tried to seek comfort in religion and read the quran in a language i understand for the first time , became an atheist within 48 hours . 
  long story short , if you are an atheist and are rather surrounded by secular people ( muslim or irreligious ) , it does n't matter among your circle but you might break one 's heart if he/she feels his/her religious feelings to be attacked . 
  however the older folks would not like to hear what i have to say . 
  but there 's a reason i say it freely anonymously , but would never do so outside or on facebook eg . 
  how do you expect me to remain neutral when this ideology is the biggest threat to our democracy ? 
  islam in itself is political and therefore it 's not just a religion . 
  he said that he does n't want people to idolise statues . 
  yet he would see nothing wrong in walking around and praying towards a cube in mekka , muslims are hypocrites regarding this . 
  they are doing shirk on a daily basis but lack the understanding of questioning . 
  what a sad piece of shit this person is . 
  islam is cancer . 
  a kurdish iraqi to be exact . 
  whatever , my point is that you can blame surely your educational system . 
  but if after fourteen years you fail to say your age in that language which you should consider to be your first language , then you have to blame yourself as well . 
  well , it 's obvious that , again , people find it more convenient to speak english than irish , that 's sad . 
  sad if people can not give a fuck about their own language . 
  the ` well we were oppressed by the english ' excuse does n't count when the youths reject irish because it is n't as convenient as english . 
  look what israel has done with hebrew, 
  in ottoman turkish the city was also called be\u00e7 . 
  bruv , god works in mysterious ways . 
  also you 're a filthy kuffar and need to convert to islam if you want god to take you seriously . 
  alternatively , you can convert to tengriism and pray to tengri . 
  / s ( before i get banned ), 
  you said  you have to be in the eu to use the euro as a national currency . 
  eurozone rule n \u00b0 1 . 
  that 's not true , monaco is not in the eu as well . 
  having bilateral agreements do not mean that one country is part of that supranational organisation , your comments are ignorant . 
  and also to chad . 
  th\u0131s \u0131s what happens when a bunch of uneducated almond mustached \u2122 goatfuckers rule your country . 
  so turks should , but kurds should n't . 
  alright . 
  why should thracian turks from \u0130ske\u00e7e live under greek law ? 
  the world would be better without racism . 
  and i hope that you 're going to get excluded from discussions on this platform with your racist agenda . 
  that 's not an answer to my question . 
  go somewhere else with that turcophobic shit you 're on . 
  turkey would never have been eu member anyway , it sucks for turkish cypriots , but greek cyprus can not become part of nato for example . 
  so greeks made it worse for cypriots altogether, 
  why should turks live under greek rule ? 
  that 's not how self-determination works . 
  there is also the erenk\u00f6y resistance , when greek cypriots attacked an enclave of turkish cypriots for days until turkish jets intervened . 
  barbarians !, 
  the last one ruling the country who had balls . 
  he said fuck you to american embargos and threats , and did what was right for turkish people . 
  we need a leftist leader for our country , the wankers of akp are just busy pocketing as much as they can . 
  they did the same in crimea . 
  the local population , the crimean tatars , were killed or deported to central asia , and became replaced by ethnic russians . 
  more than half a century later , the russians invaded crimea because of ` muh oppressed local russians ' . 
  they should not have been there in the first place . 
  ~ ~ god ~ ~ satan works in mysterious ways, 
  tengri \u0131s great . 
  tengriism \u0131s the old g\u00f6kt\u00fcrk religion based on tengri , the sky god , the name tengri has been adopted in modern anatolian turkish as ` tanr\u0131 ' which means ` god ' . 
  romanos with that 8d chess to save his own life . 
  typical ignorant muslim neo-ottoman diaspora kid who probably can barely speak turkish . 
  you can call my mother a cunt , but do n't call me arab , reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  you have to keep in mind that turkey has 8 times the population of hungary , so things happen on a larger scale . 
  however the methods are similar and that 's what counts . 
  only a few years ago we were there where hungary is now , and look at us now . 
  the same could happen with hungary . 
  same for turkey .
