  but they handed 8k men over to well known criminals . 
  mladic would n't have touched them still . 
  the dutch are partially responsible because they were there to protect srebrenica 's citizens , that was their task . 
  they did n't fulfill their task and are thereby partially responsible . 
  no need to whitewash this shame . 
  do you think ratko mladic would have the balls to attack nato soldiers ? 
  it was disgraceful and humiliating how they handed over all the men just because they were pressured . 
  the dutch soldiers were partially responsible for the genocide , because those citizens were under their protection . 
  has the last divided capital in europe . 
  i wish cyprus would reunite as a federation of two entities . 
  but honestly , after all those years i do n't know if it 's a good idea anymore . 
  i think both ethnicities of cyprus have more differences than similarities at this point . 
  erdo\u011fan is a complete idiot but he 's right regarding responsibility . 
  the dutch are responsible for the deaths of the bosniaks , they handed them over although it was well known what kind of a person ratko mladic was . 
  additionally they danced and drank rakija while the bosniaks were slaughtered a few kilometers outside of the city centre . 
  also , by awarding the dutch soldiers the dutch have done a huge shameful mistake . 
  may the brave and poor souls rest in peace . 
  there are many akretards who claim that evolution is just a theory and that it was disproven a long time ago . 
  they also would support their claims by statements such as ` if we were once monkeys , why do n't human beings become monkeys anymore ' incredible logic , i know . 
   as an ~ ~ akp supporter ~ ~ fascist i support this form of protest . 
  s \u0130 k t \u0130 r g \u0130 t \u0130 k t \u0130 r g \u0130 t, 
  she 's still better-looking than fucking astronaut emine, 
  my g. i think this is the first time that i 've seen a foreigner recognise that turkey is nothing but itself , you ca n't categorise a country like turkey . 
  expected [ th\u0131s ] ( http://galeri12.uludagsozluk.com/508/osmanli-da-oglancilik_828821.jpg ) when i saw the link , slightly disappointed . 
  intersex . 
       i heard that iran do n't have any gay people in it . 
  they do n't . 
  cause anyone who 'd say it out loudly would be killed . 
  perfect strategy . 
  who 's ken m ? 
  cause the emirates are the uae . 
  yeah , ua is the country code for ukraine, 
  it 's 2017 bruv , get over it . 
  should have more important issues by now then looking at maps from a century ago . 
  man like corbyn, 
  pretending we 're white and european ? 
  how is that relevant to the discussion . 
  you 're embarrassing yourself , just stop . 
  these already prepared arguments showcasing whataboutism is exactly showing why it 's impossible to come to terms with terrorists and terrorist sympathisers . 
  has turkey done mistakes in the past ? 
  sure . 
  has turkey discriminated certain minorities , especially the kurds ? 
  sure . 
  should kurdish be accepted as a second regional language in the south east ? 
  sure but your attitude stinks , and i certainly do n't want to debate with terrorists . 
  turkey 's european territory is bigger than slovenia . 
  turkey is ( at least partially ) part of europe , accept it . 
  when i pronounce krk , i pronounce it as k\u0131rk which means forty in turkish . 
  i assume the sound between the k and r would be similar to \u0131 in your case as well . 
  75 % of belgian turks voted in favour of sultan erdo\u011fan , i 'd rather not look into the turkish communities in belgium . 
  please take away their double citizenships . 
  was just wondering about you writing ghent instead of gent . 
  is it a regional difference in dialects ? 
  i 've been to brussels once but i did n't do much of sightseeing , so i want to see more definitely more of the country in future . 
  i swear , i need to visit belgium . 
  i have the feeling that the amount of historic buildings add so much flair to the country 's landscape . 
       you are not irish so you obviously do n't understand you are n't irish neither . 
  that 's why the irish are making fun of you in this thread you yank plastic paddy, 
  but does your dog celebrate st paddy 's day and drink guinness ? 
  thought so . 
  you forgot the t in the beginning of the word you used . 
  i thought so , how do you pronounce the y though ? 
  is it like our \u00fc ? 
  that 's sexist . 
  i do n't question that men are biologically more able to perform certain jobs , but if a female firefighter fulfills certain job expectations , then it 's fully deserved . 
  i 'm scared . 
  it 's a museum . 
  why should it change ? 
  i do n't give a shit about islam or christianity . 
  we do n't need more mosques or churches . 
  ' i do n't know shit but i have an opinion based on ` facts ' i just made up ' if you ever come to istanbul , visit it and see for yourself that it 's full of jesus and christian paintings inside you clueless mug . 
  it 's not opened for muslim ceremonies , why should it be for some christian ones ? 
  stupid . 
  we do . 
  museum for evolution . 
  i think it 's called vita . 
  but i thought it would be less confusing by pronouncing the letters as we know them , in their old greek form . 
  oh okay , i got confused because you used the greek ny but used the greek beta instead of the combination of my and pi . 
  that would be vanka , the beta is v in latin . 
  we are special snowflakes as well :(, 
  having an authoritarian dictator is something you do n't realise at a certain time . 
  it happens step by step . 
  every time when you are like ` this is his downfall ' , a new surprise comes and his position is strengthened . 
  that is up to the greeks and turks of cyprus . 
  they need to reach an agreement . 
  that 's your issue . 
  i simply do n't care . 
  about 2/3 of them voted in favour of the antidemocratic constitutional changes . 
  germany itself has also to accept that they 're , at least partially , to be blamed for this . 
  it 's almost like turks in germany do speak turkish : o, 
  yeah but you do butt sex and my holy book tells me that it 's forbidden . 
  forbidden !!!!, 
  / s trust me , all these ` but reproduction ' wankers always talk about that since they do n't want to expose their homophobic views . 
  i 'm straight and neither interested in marriage nor interested in having kids . 
  and nobody tells me shit about reproduction . 
  it means in this context something like redneck . 
  mostly used for erdo\u011fan and akp supporters whose political views are inspired by islam and conservative values, 
  a \u00e7omar erdo\u011fan supporter who claims to be a historian , recently said that he 'd prefer to live under greek rule than under a turkey with atat\u00fcrk 's ideals . 
  so you still might have a chance, 
  i 'm so disappointed and depressed , i ca n't even laugh at memes .
