  the former represents us better . 
  we make a lot of jokes about romanians here . 
  truth be told i do n't even know that much about the place . 
  nothing like talking to a syrian ex-refugee about how much serbs make in a month and him feeling pity for you and offering to help out ... 
  but sure i love all my fellow figther jets . 
  i just do n't know which pronoun to use while my people starve , is in nyoooom or pow pow ? 
  looking at the complaints lately i 'll just give it the old stab in the dark ... brits ? 
  to be fair mother nature was trying to drown you guys for yeaaars via the * sea * \u2122 , now it seems it 's taken a. . . bird 's view approach ... g'luck !, 
  we 're trying , but computers puzzle and scare our population . 
  we 'd rather grumble while standing in lines at any and every government facility for three hours waiting to be told we lack * one * \u2122 paper . 
  no , this is patrick !!, 
  yeah i remembered as soon as i hit * post *, 
  did n't she start her reign by beheading her sister ? 
  we ... kinda already knew about it before anyone else ... just sayin ' ... 
  mighty liechtenstein would like to have a word . 
  moss and algea and stuff i guess, 
  seen quite a few of these japan + eu stories , got me wondering , is there a china + eu thing going on ? 
  or in the works ? 
  i love how i made a joke and the thread turned into a political debate ... 
  i know but the `` respect muh pronouns '' gang is crazy , that 's why i mentioned it . 
  everyone ready for the `` people owning golf 2 's in serbia rises by 4000 % '' memes ? 
  the rights you 're speaking of are about marriage and adoption i assume ? 
  but why would anyone in their right mind use `` they '' if `` they '' are visibly a `` he '' or a `` she '' . 
  and do n't start with the agender stuff because that is not a thing . 
  ethiopia should never have let eritrea become independent . 
  it 's a disaster there ... 
  i do n't know about other countries but jews are seen very favourably by serbs and our government . 
  in wwii we fought to save them from the nazi 's ( quite unsuccessfully if i might add ) , and recently donated money to some israeli organization . 
  plus the whole kosovo/palestine thing keeps us close ... 
  it 's right there in the article . 
  every italian ever is outraged . 
  i was n't denying that it 's left an impact . 
  however things have changed . 
  girls are more desirable than boys are for new parents now . 
  and more and more countries are answering `` no thanks '' . 
  take the hint , brussels . 
  what 's with leftists everywhere calling everyone racist ? 
  is there at least a chance of them recognising that people do n't care about skin color that much ? 
  grey areas were too stoned to answer the survey, 
  actually correction on the china 's sex-selective abortion thing . 
  that 's no longer practiced and there were laws put in place prohibiting doctors from revealing the gender of the child until birth . 
  ( source : i study chinese and a professor of mine is from shanghai ), 
  `` comedian '' those used to be funny ... 
  well stop writing words weird then !, 
  for months i thought `` hogy '' was pronounced `` hoggey '' and not `` hoy '' . 
  until i talked to a north-folker who was of course part hungarian ... 
  yeah but my mom is still very religious . 
  even moreso nowadays . 
  she still fumigates the house every week ( sometimes more than once ) with that horrendous church stuff that smells awful , no washing or cleaning of any kind whenever it 's an orthodox holy day . 
  and when the big easter or christmas fasts come around it 's a whole nother level of drama . 
  well i personally think noone should accept shit . 
  just do n't beat anyone up or kill them and you 're solid in my mind . 
  i have no ill will with gay people but the recent `` labels mean more that thoughts and ideas '' retoric pushed by every side is bullshit . 
  i know awesome gays i 'd want nothing bad to happen to and horrible gays which i would n't mind staying away from me . 
  it 's all about character . 
  my mothers argument for me being religious even tho i identify as agnostic is that i had a christening at age 1 . 
  and i was never allowed to answer the question of religion during population counting ( whatever it 's called ) . 
  croatia - a rest stop every 2km . 
  i get it , i need to rest every once in a while but jeez . 
  bosnia - curvy roads , many police officers hiding in bushes to write you a ticket . 
  also whenever a car going the opposite direction blinks their lights at you , that means slow down , cops are close . 
  macedonia - it felt like i was in a trans and gone through the whole country in like 5 seconds . 
  greece - crazy people are the only ones driving apparently . 
  fast , reckless , fear for life . 
  y' all misunderstood me . 
  i meant architecture wise , you know , tall flashy buildings . 
  like in dubai and stuff ... 
  it 's one of the projects in belgrade waterfront , yes . 
  protests were because the government forcefully and without warrants or warnings tore down historic buildings and evicted people ... 
  i mean i 'm all for a modern belgrade , but not at all cost , especially not at the cost of history ... 
  and here i am thinking 18,000 people applying for 250 jobs at the new ikea is bad . 
  serbia needs to think of serbia first , not eu or russia . 
  if either one makes us choose , then they do n't really care about us to begin with . 
  we 're building our very own twisty flashy very tall skyscraper in belgrade , it 'll be done in the next 5-500 years so we all got that to look forward to . 
  the actual tallest building right now is n't that impressive either , but it did get my head spinning when i stood next to it and looked up . 
  go big or go home . 
  also , azerbaijan trying into oil rich gulf countries ? 
  most if not all cartoons are dubbed in serbia . 
  and frankly , most of the voices are better than the original . 
  first time i watched spongebob in english i thought ` get the fuck out with that monotone bullshit ' . 
  best of both worlds, 
  wear sunscreen and stay in the shade, 
  well greece is n't called hell ( as ) for nothing, 
  how the fuck did these people 's forefathers keep us enslaved for 5 centuries ? 
  we still use 1 dinar coin which is less than 1 eurocent . 
  it is useful when you 're on your last few bucks and need stuff ... ( source : was dirt poor as a kid ), 
  honestly i 'm amazed by how vu\u010di\u0107 has gotten such good msm pr over the time actual citizens have shat on his every idea every day . 
  i mean if you go on the streets of belgrade and ask people about their opinion of him , they would all say they hated him ( except 65 + yr olds ) . 
  i lose more and more faith in the entire concept of government each day , but it 's nice to laugh at the crazy ... 
  because msm does n't care about ideas . 
  they saw her label as gay woman prime minister , and that was all they needed to know . 
  now that they labeled her as one of the `` good guys '' they do n't need to research any more . 
  how ? 
  gayrope wo n't care about her being into lady bits ... 
  as we wait to get there , using loopholes to gain croatian/eu citizenship it is !, 
  is there an extension for non-eu european countries ? 
  it 's about 60 $ for 50 liters in belgrade . 
  no rest for the wicked, 
  yeah it 's geesebumps . 
  check your privilege whypipo !,
