  so , does this mean anti-tories people will block anything the tories want to implement ? 
  is the uk at a stand-still ? 
  this is so confusing ... 
  it 's not yewka oh my god cheshka, 
  everytime i see a croatian month i die a little inside ... 
  it just makes zero sence . 
  is romania 's black population growing by 280 * as well ? 
  down with anglo-centricism !, 
  oh ... we call it that too , just do n't use that word like , ever . 
  so we call a snake that makes weird sounds after things that make weird sounds . 
  cool . 
  why ?? 
  what does that mean ? 
  zve\u010darka actually :d zve\u010dka is a noun meaning rattle-toy , zve\u010dati is the verb `` to rattle '' so zve\u010darka would be a noun derived from a verb and it would mean `` the rattler '', 
  we do n't have vowels we just do n't use them for everything . 
  we do have soft consonants which `` pretend '' to be vowels like r l s and such . 
  but seen as tho pronounciation is really easy to get a grip on , because every letter has a corresponding sound and when letters group to form a word , the sounds do n't change . 
  surprised with us being so low , seen as most people get introduced to alcohol at age 5 . 
  source : i was introduced to alcohol at age 5 . 
  on a serious note , if germoney is going to give us money they need to regulate the spending and not just give it to our politicians , who will steal most of it and jack up the stated prices of shit to cover their asses . 
  example , we built a musical fountain in a squate in belgrade recently . 
  they said it cost 1.8 mil $ . 
  next thing , the same fountain was found on a chinese website , the price , 200k $ ... even counting the workers and shit , 1.6 m $ over is too much . 
  and hopefully they invest in the south east and west , those parts are really struggling . 
  serbia is not just belgrade , tho everyone seems to forget this . . 
  west serbia * / joke, 
  objection your honor !, 
  sr\u017e - * core *, 
  like darth vaders ? 
  rough ... 
  almost as bad as the harambe or the deez nuts incident at the 2016 us election, 
  the eiffel tower is a scam !, 
  this is clearly just two children in a trench coat !!!, 
  stop the lies !, 
  how do you guys say it ? 
  i 'm studying mandarin so probably not that . 
  the latter might be it ... 
  congrats friendo 's , 
  til, 
  nogomet ... why ? 
  could you do one for serbia ? 
  their tourists are in belgrade every day taking pictures of trash-cans and shit , i want to know what they think of them . 
  also they 're kinda rude ... 
  when i bump into them 50 times a day and apologize in chinese ( \u5bf9\u4e0d\u8d77 duibuqi ) they ignore me every single time . 
  what 's up with that ? 
  things and , uhh ... stuff, 
  i know ... we do n't even need a passport to visit eachother ... we just talk weird and different , everything else is the same ... 
  if you change your mind tho , you 're always welcome back !, 
  steady growth and no political drama ( foreign or domestic ) does n't say stable and responsible ? 
  edit : oh i get it , since they are n't rolling in the big bucks the elitist eurozone should n't care or allow them to join ? 
  bulgaria is growing it ` seconomy pretty rapidly these days so i do n't see why they should n't be accepted, 
  9/10 too many rockets, 
  the only thing that caught my attention in this article is that we beat poland . 
  they are so good at volleyball . 
  well done , ladies . 
  the `` racism '' thing i 'm so over already . 
  whatever ... 
  montenegro heavily depends on russian tourism and business . 
  it 'll be interesting if this move puts russians off or they do n't care ... 
  why are all these from 2008 to 2012 ? 
  we need an updated version . 
  `` i do n't know what happened , man , the gps said go straight '', 
  in a paralel universe which does n't exist, 
  bad for the enviornment ? 
  dangerous ? 
  i believe orbans response was more of a cultural one . 
  `` take your ass-fuck-shit outta here '' kind of message not a `` you 're going to jail for being a dickhead '' kind . 
  the truth of the matter is the us election was a lose-lose-lose-lose-lose situation whomever had won . 
  they were all crazy and wrong in their own way , because americans behave as they do ( emotional , passionate , stupid ) . 
  they focus on characters rather than actual policies . 
  or if they do they focus on one policy . 
  they are simple people , and should be treated as such ... 
  infractions on civil rights ? 
  care to elaborate ? 
  i do n't agree with orban on many things but this is one i 'm totally behind . 
  soros is a scumbag . 
  i do n't understand the constant outrage over trump . 
  when someone is acting stupid the proper response is not to act stupid back . 
  be the bigger person ( or one with bigger hands at least ) . 
  the eu and china should take a more proactive move in dealing with climate change , encourage clean energy , discourage coal and nuclear , and when the tides turn in favor of clean ( 2 years tops with a good campaign ) the us will follow suit . 
  also , might be an unpopular opinion , but get russia involved as well . 
  it could be a good opportunity to show benefits of eu values to putin and kremlin , might change their minds of things . 
  or you know , i 'm probably a lunatic for suggesting cooperation . 
  i 'm supposed to go work in us in summer of 2018 . 
  how do i explain to trump that my memes are my dreams and they ca n't be taken away or seriously ?? 
  @ denmark - let our igga tesla rest in peace on a serious note , this is so counter productive . 
  if they encourage electric car transfer like norway did , pollution would plummet , the oil companies would start hemeraging money , and we 'd have more douschey hipsters bragging about their eco-friendly cars and how they 're better than everyone ... 
  i 'm now confused and conflicted, 
  i know about kartoffeln , but my friend , who studied german , said that in some parts of the german speaking world ( i think it was bavaria or western austria not sure ) that it 's said weird like that . 
  is n't german for potatoes `` erdbeere '' ? 
  like also earth-berry or erdapfel earth-apple ? 
  germans ? 
  does n't he have some tax evasion and fraud to commit back in us ? 
  confused, 
  i 'll take both . 
  good luck guys and thanks for sharing your story . 
  our officials fucked up negotiations with the chinese and now they do n't care about serbia ... we 're over here learning chinese and shit and our government fucked us over . 
  typical . 
  the red on the dutch flag was orange back in the day ( do n't know why , we need help from the dutch on that ), 
  why is serbia so good at waterpolo ?
