  cause we drownin ' in that pussy * airhorns * and also so we can beat croatia at something else than basketball, 
  i was recently watching a championship so must of mixed them up lol !, 
  nonetheless , the czechs are supperb at javelin throwing . 
  maybe they saw the 10 hour version of 2017 epic sax guy and decided they need n't be in moldova no longer . 
  they had seen all of it ... 
  high-power laser ? 
  more like death-ray !, 
  rue de belgrade sounds dope . 
  just sayin ' . 
  - jan vesely ( javelin throwing world record holder , legend ) - staropramen and all of the beers - karlove vari ( spa ? ), 
  - weed is legal in prague ( ? ), 
  - if slovaks were austrian basically, 
  yes , the tech ones are the best because they have to be , because tesla and shit . 
  my sister goes to mechanical engineering and is pretty happy with everything ... 
  i touched on education quality briefly but for me ( i study philology ( languages and culture and stuff ) ) it 's subpar . 
  teachers are uninspiring , follow a boring step by step programme ( some even just read the textbook for 90min ) . 
  electives are pointless and soul crushing and there either are n't any extra-curriculars or if there are , they suck ... 
  `` better '' . 
  you clearly have n't visited a branch of belgrade university lately . 
  it 's all buildings from the yugo era . 
  nothing renovated , and the style of teaching is horrible . 
  but if you manage to survive these , i guess you 'd have a better chance of getting a job in germany or wherever . 
  honestly the austria thing for us is not far off . 
  i was in vienna and whenever i tried to talk to anyone for directions in english or german they spoke back in serbian . 
  i was like what weird part of belgrade did i wander into . 
  but yeah , a lot of people are in germoney ( i know at least 5 ) , also switzerland and sweden . 
  there 's quite a few serbs in \u041c\u0430\u043c\u0430 \u0420\u0443\u0441\u0438\u0458\u0430 . 
  and chicago is basically mini serbia ( 400k serbs from what i know ), 
  the croatia part is false i believe , unless novi sad has been overrun by them . 
  the montenegro part is true and annoying . 
  go back to podgorica with your weird accents and stop taking our spots in universities , you voted leave live with it !, 
  excuses will get you nowhere . 
  you 're all welcome to stay . 
  but you 're gon na need to learn serbian . 
  i know that 's gon na be hard but you must try . 
  excuses will get you nowhere . 
  you 're all welcome to stay . 
  but you 're gon na need to learn serbian . 
  i know that 's gon na be hard but you must try . 
  wtf is a halifax ? 
  i demand a recount . 
  also , the chinese have begun their european evasion in _ slovakia _ slovenia drop everything soldiers, 
  balkans do n't drink much wine casually , at least not in serbia . 
  we drink beer casually , and if we 're going for it , it 's rakija , vodka or vinjak ( serbian cognac ), 
  ffs . 
  ottomans bad austria-hungary not as bad, 
  we just took the mama rusija 's flag and flipped it upside down , it 's not the same thing . 
  yours is the same as the dutch one . 
  you are more wrong than we are !, 
  hey the dutch called , they want their flag back . 
  they said you can keep the pinapple tho . 
  i never said women should n't be free . 
  is n't taking care of yourself the most freeing thing ? 
  maybe people should be less reckless with their sexuality and pay more attention to what they do instead of having 30 late-term abortions and all the morning after pills for fun ... good on poland , hopefully polish people will take care of themselves . 
  you forgot to mention the montenegrin kite . 
  downvote !, 
  balkans can into vegan ??? 
  this map seems off , we eat all the meats ... 
  we learn serbian for 12 years in primary and secondary schools , and we learn english for 12 years as well , plus 4 years of an additional language from grades 5-8 ( mostly german russian and french ) . 
  so we are being forced as well basically . 
  and somehow all of us speak serbian , most of us speak english , and a lot of us speak one of the third language . 
  `` rebelling '' against your native language your forefathers fought for the right to speak is stupidity at it 's finest . 
  and it 's lazy as hell . 
  so i 'm trying to learn irish gaelic and stumbled upon this video of a government meeting where the main speaker was laughed at for refusing to speak english and speaking irish instead . 
  the comment section was brutally against him as well . 
  is this a common thing in ireland ? 
  people not wanting or knowing irish ? 
  i do n't want political comments on this one , just more of cultural/language ones , please . 
  estonia can almost into nordics . 
  time for estonian parents to start kicking their kids out early !, 
  finland is like `` turkey ? 
  who is she ? 
  i do n't know her . '', 
  circumcision is unnecessary . 
  medical or aesthetic reasons . 
  it is a human rights violation and should be outlawed world-wide . 
  thank god we do n't do that horrible operation here . 
  `` europe '' no west balkans , iceland sank apparently , and belarus is like all around me are familiar faces ... 
  i love when old people think they know how the internet works . 
  also , should n't this also be posted on r/nottheonion ? 
  not very icey have fish on all coinage and are passionate about it fabulous horses which they banish if the horses ever leave iceland issolated which can be good and bad, 
  and here i 'm thinking `` oh clouds are all over the sky and yet no rain , belgrade weather is weird . '', 
  no more . 
  is the studio audience laughing ? 
  this sub has mostly turned into a eu fanwank ... it 's sad depressing and annoying . 
  i sympathiyse ( whatever it 's spelled ) with you . 
  and frankly i do n't care if you voted leave remain or if you abstained . 
  `` weird shit sorry '' yeah , pretty much ... 
  the georgian flag uses the st. george cross , same as england , with those plusses in boxes , so there 's a connection there ... 
  ok , i understand strongly disagreeing with someone 's political affiliations or whatever . 
  but , booing and hissing at someone ? 
  that 's straight up childish and dissrespectful ... 
  regardless of if this was a result of brexit , congrats to poland and good luck . 
  hoping for many more investors all over eastern europe ( we might even get paid what we deserve one day ), 
  i was in corfu last summer and had a really interesting conversation with a greek restaurant owner . 
  a bit about the country which will not be named made me lol . 
  anyway , love y' all !, 
  yeah that 's why you 're making graphs and pie charts and i 'm getting laid, 
  trying to bang this communist chick ... soooo, 
  idk just far enough till we all fall of the edge of this fuckin ' flat disc .
