  a combination of the various methods of renewables production would probably be best for now . 
  when there 's no wind use sun or waves or something else . 
  and in the long run it does n't matter how expensive it is , it 'll pay itself off , plus we 'd be saving the earth . 
  stop triggering me !, 
  there are wave thingy generators for like the sea . 
  waves are constant if i 'm not mistaken . 
  always down for removing stuff, 
  drama in the balkans and we 're not involved ? 
  i 'm having mixed feelings about this ... 
  it 's not the only issue , but it is the biggest . 
  if we resolved that , we 'd open and close all chapters within a year and become a member . 
  am i wrong ? 
  we 're gon na get in first cuz our cucked government will agree to an independent kosovo . 
  the way i 'd prefer to see it happen , give northern kosovo to serbia with the majority population , switch the minorities in the rest of kosovo with albanians in the north , agree to take care ( not let be destroyed ) of the ancient orthodox serbian monestaries and sign an agreement with the un about not joining albania , ever ( if they truly want to be kosovar this should n't be a problem ) . 
  or at least the last two . 
  pronounced `` mary joanna '', 
  as soon as i saw `` useful french phrases '' i thought `` curse words ? '' . 
  saw the first one and went `` curse words . '', 
  good on your friend . 
  that should be the tradition everywhere ( it is in serbia anyway ) . 
  a prince , a priest and a lesbian pm walk into a bar ... 
  serbia can into russian federation ? 
  they have at least three kids ... 
  oh lord do n't get me started on the innaguration . 
  the ammount of memes from _ kolinda slayed everyone by coming to serbia 's funeral in a pink dress _ to _ the first lady looks like lana del rey _ or about the gift and then a picture of it opened with some nationalistic message in it ... 
  i think relations between us would be fine if politicians on both sides stopped talking , or appearing anywhere , or you know , existing ... 
  but i will be going to the coast asap , king 's landing hopefully ... y' all should come hang out in belgrade or novi sad or ni\u0161 or anywhere . 
  just do n't mention a politicians name and you 'll be fine . 
  i was minus 4 when that happened ? 
  i did n't go anywhere . 
  well i did go to zagreb last month , but for tourism ... and it was lovely . 
  10/10 would invade / s, 
  i was born in '96 so it 's kinda before my time , but from what i 've learned about it ( from the internet , not in school ) , it was bosnian serbs who did most of the fighting , not serbian serbs , we were against it . 
  i mean my experiences with these two groups are different . 
  the bosnian serbs are more religious and patriotic/nationalistic whereas serbian serbs are n't . 
  i could be wrong , though . 
  regardless , what happened , happened . 
  i just think it should be seen as a thing of the past . 
  one we should remember as a mistake to be learned from , not a desire to be recreated . 
  i think he 's acting as a distraction to stuff vu\u010di\u0107 is doing , like they 're in cahoots . 
  at least that 's what my dad thinks . 
  i just think he 's the `` old man yelling at clouds '' meme ... noone really cares about his opinions , just some radicals and a few old people . . 
  our government gives 100 $ per kid per month as child support . 
  a four person household needs 600 $ per month to survive . 
  therefore , people are hesitant on having kids and are dissapointed in living standards , wages , the government , the people , so they leave for austria , germany , switzerland , sweden , norway , the list goes on ... 
  it 'll be up a little when gasterbeiers get homesick at 40 and build houses and gate lion statues in slankamen in vojvodina or a spa town in central serbia ... 
  that sucks ... we 'll send them our trains so they learn what real unpunctuality means . 
  the low minimum wage is really fucking everyone up . 
  plus 40 % income tax which dissapears into thin air ( those hard working polititians really need new bmw 's every year ) ... ughhh, 
  i 've seen a lot more talk about greater serbia from croats than from serbs ... actually the only time we mention it is for joking purposes anymore ... y' all need to chill ... 
  deal !, 
  ooh !, 
  if italy does n't want them we 'll take them !, 
  why do slovakia and slovenia look the sam ... oh boy ... 
  i would guess english , slovene and german are also taken into account there because tourism ( eng ) , minorities ( slo ) , and lots of people working in the german speaking countries . 
  we do n't need this kind of bullshit in the region ... please do n't, 
  22c in belgrade !, 
  good luck guys . 
  we reaaaally want more eu money , guys . 
  did n't think we 'd be the biggest minority in slovenia , the others are expected . 
  for slovenia i 'd think croatia , hungary or italy , strange . 
  did n't think we 'd be the biggest minority in slovenia , the others are expected . 
  for slovenia i 'd think croatia , hungary or italy , strange . 
  that 's a spicy memeball , mama rusija !, 
  14 the fitnessgram paser test is a ... 
  my post was quite obvoiusly a joke , may i help you with anything else ? 
  israel helping cyprus remove kebab confirmed ? 
  finally !, 
  imagine just women being kicked in the kidneys by these _ m a l e s _ with the womyn powerless . 
  like what are they gon na do , ask `` hey mind if you move your legs a bit closer together ? 
  thanks '' . 
  horrible microagression stopped . 
  / s how bored are these people complaining about an easily solveable non-problem ? 
  it 's closer to say `` mothers for their children '' like moms for their own kids, 
  no but men do n't have that instant connection to a child which women have . 
  carrying it for 9 months and then squeezing it out and stuff . 
  men just help ... so it 's easy for men to make a choise and go to work , after all , that 's how it worked most of human history ... 
  primal instinct to continue the bloodline , i guess ... 
  can taxpayers draw some shitty landscapes in crayon so she 'll put in up on the fridge ? 
  i 'm sad for her ... why women choose between having kids and a career is beyond me . 
  both are acheivable, 
  none is even sadder ;( why merkel have no babbies ? 
  europe needs to teach bangladesh how to stop having kids , and the dutch need to teach them avatar style water bending techniques . 
  is it haunted ? 
  reeeeeeemove !, 
  you guys have alexandra stan - mr. saxobeat and everything ever by inna and you post a moldovan group ? 
  edit : also basically anything you guys have sent to eurovision . 
  mandinga , ilinca and alex , that `` tornero '' thing is my childhood ... 
  greek architecture ( white and light blue ) is so peaceful and soothing . 
  i was in corfu last september and loved it . 
  will they impede on some of the human rights ? 
  internet access , nsa style spying on citizens ? 
  how about immigration ? 
  both from mena , eu and non-eu ? 
  the biggest reason i 'm anti-eu . 
  it 's authoritarian , anti-democratic and elitist . 
  the middle class and the poor of europe suffer the consequences of the regulations while people on top bask in their virtue signaling and gated communities . 
  living up to your name , neighbours , i see ... 
  safe , sturdy , functional , made to last . 
  and with time passing by , they become more retro and cool ... op is a meany .
