   germany said it welcomes all syrian refugees no, 
  bye bye , and safe travels . 
   how are we supposed to keep them here ? 
  by being the only country where they receive benefits . 
  are you a single man ? 
  in that case your `` house '' will be a shared bedroom . 
  we believe in human rights . 
  you might not mean it , but you 've written it . 
  the uk could check all asylum seekers , grant `` genuine asylum seekers '' asylum and deport all those illegal economic migrants immediately . 
  the uk can check them . 
  that 's basically the whole point . 
  if the uk checks them , others do n't have to . 
   it 's making lots of people start to target immigrants from other european countries as part of the crisis when it 's a totally different thing . 
  yeah . 
  we have to make sure that only refugees are set on fire . 
  do n't burn fellow eu citizens !, 
  prove that you sincerely tried to get help from the us authorities and they send you away . 
  at least for two of them . 
  estonia ca n't into nordic . 
  and one of the l-countries does n't have potato . 
   so , before start hating and jumping in one of those vagons , remember that true syrians , above all , would be greatly happy that they are safe and happy , no matter where they are . 
  you have to admit that there are different levels of happiness . 
  syrians are smart people . 
  they know that they will lose years of their lives if they stay in refugee camps in lebanon or turkey . 
  even if they are perfectly safe there . 
  they know that their kids wo n't have a bright future if they stay in lebanon . 
  they know that things will be better when they are in europe . 
  the perspective in rural romania is probably orders of magnitude better than in a refugee camp in lebanon . 
  but they also know that the perspective in rural germany is another order of magnitude better than big city romania . 
  assume we would have a eu wide policy about refugee benefits , and every refugee would get the exact same benefits in every eu country . 
  the majority of refugees would still try to reach the same countries as today . 
   i do n't see the us in the list of exceptions , however i would assume that refugees from the us are most likely declined , since there currently is no humanitarian or political crisis going on there . 
  it gets interesting when the death penalty comes into play . 
   edit : also , i hate to be that guy , but , should n't it be `` as an us citizen ? '', 
  the sound of the first letter of u.s. is a `` y '' . 
  so it 's `` a '' , not `` an '' . 
  a unicorn . 
  an umbrella . 
   italy , france , ** germany ** and uk started wars in libya and syria , overthrown gaddafi . 
  other european countries did not . 
  they should cope with it now . 
  last time i checked these countries participated in the 2011 military intervention in libya : - belgium - bulgaria - canada - denmark - france - greece - italy - netherlands - norway - romania - spain - turkey - united kingdom - united states - jordan - qatar - sweden - united arab emirates and these nations were in iraq ( that 's were isis comes from ) - united states - united kingdom - australia - poland, 
  first you have to prove that the us authorities ignored your request for protection . 
  how do you want to prove the persecution ? 
  keep in mind that you have to prove that the us authorities are either not willing or not capable of protection you . 
  well . 
  the last time we tried to fix the middle east we created isis . 
  it 's either all-in or nothing . 
  bombing isis does n't work . 
  nation building does n't work . 
  hundred-thousands of syrians want to come to europe . 
  so why not bring europe to them ? 
  i would say we re-colonize syria . 
  make them a eu colony . 
  no exploitation , no cut off hands , no slave work . 
  we govern them , we make the laws and enforce them . 
  we help to rebuild the country and we invest . 
  and then we stay . 
  and no matter how many soldiers will die , we stay . 
  we need a 50 year mandate minimum . 
  the uk holds a referendum to join the eu . 
  80 % of the voters vote for bre-entry central and eastern europe veto the enlargement of the eu . 
  brits do n't know what just happened . 
  -- yeah . 
  that will totally happen . 
  please quote me when it actually happens . 
  according to police , the two arsonists that threw the molotov cocktail into the refugee home in salzhemmendorf were already known for political motivated crimes . 
  they showed the hitler salute in the past . 
  and apparently they listen to neo-nazi bands . 
  and one of them was facebook friends with a widely known neo-nazis who tried to disturb the demonstration against xenophobia , that was started shortly after the arson attack . 
  does n't sound like a green . 
  but socialist might almost be right , just have to add a national in front of it . 
  ( one of them was also a fire fighter ), 
   that is why there should be transfers of money from germany to greece instead of demands for more austerity . 
   they can have that . 
  in exchange for a common fiscal and tax policy . 
  norway has to adopt plenty of eu legislation for that status . 
  and they also grant eu citizens freedom of movement . 
  the uk wo n't get that status without agreeing on freedom of movement and adopting eu legislation . 
  otherwise switzerland , norway and iceland will renegotiate as well . 
  pmi \u00ae only covers these 8 countries . 
   the eurozone manufacturing pmi \u00ae ( purchasing managers ' index \u00ae ) is produced by markit and is based on original survey data collected from a representative panel of around 3,000 manufacturing firms . 
  national data are included for germany , france , italy , spain , the netherlands , austria , the republic of ireland and greece . 
  these countries together account for an estimated 89 % of eurozone manufacturing activity . 
  did malaysia participate in the invasion of iraq ? 
  plenty of the refugees are caused by isis . 
  and isis is a direct consequence of the shithole the coalition of the willing left in iraq . 
  this year germany has arrested 2000 traffickers already . 
  well . 
  it 's true . 
  [ another well respected german source ] ( http://www.swr.de/landesschau-rp/wohnungen-droht-der-abriss-aerger-im-mundenheimer-viertel/-/id=122144/did=15433862/nid=122144/1xc1owb/index.html ) but these families lived in old makeshift buildings . 
  these buildings belong to the municipality . 
  it 's not like these people were dispossessed of their own houses . 
  their rental contract was cancelled . 
  that happens everywhere . 
  would there be a similar amount outcry if these people would have to move for a wider road ? 
  like it currently happens in my city . 
  would there be a similar outcry if these people would have leave for mining operations ? 
  like it happens to thousands of families every year . 
  nope .
