  the headquarter for non-us sales is in cork , ireland . 
  but apple has subsidies in germany , uk , france and many many more . 
  all of them have to pay corporate taxes on their profits . 
  but they basically do n't have profits . 
  because apple germany pays apple ireland money for `` licenses '' . 
  and of course beijing benz automotive co. , ltd , which is the business entity that manufactures , imports and sales mb cars in china , pays corporate taxes in china . 
  and i can guarantee you that they use stunts like paying inappropriate license fees to keep their taxed revenue low . 
  relying on fences alone works when there are still routes without fences . 
  once everything is fenced off you need to be able and willing to protect these fences with force . 
  and on top of that you need a legal framework that allows the eu to bring migrants back to the country on the other side of the fence . 
  it 's pretty pointless to erect a fence between greece and turkey if you do n't shoot people who try to cross it . 
  because once they are in greece , turkey says `` fuck you , not my problem '' . 
  you should feel lucky that you are n't thrown into jail for infecting others with your homosexuality . 
   in october 2005 , the then prime minister , kazimierz marcinkiewicz was reported as saying that homosexuality was `` unnatural '' and that ** if a person `` tries to infect others with their homosexuality , then the state must intervene in this violation of freedom '' ** . 
  [ source : amnesty international ] ( https://www.amnesty.ie/sites/default/files/report/2010/04/lesbian%20gay%20bisexual%20transgender%20rights%20in%20poland.pdf ), 
  you missed my sarcasm . 
  without the almost complete collapse of the manufacturing sector in the gdr , germany would not be able to reach any of the co2 goals . 
  but at least we met our co2 goals by dismantling the industry of the gdr . 
  double standard ? 
  for not taking away the kids of right extremists and not taking away the kids of islamists ? 
  that 's literally doing the same thing . 
   and we 'll see about them staying ... maybe if they all buy really nice clothes ? 
   correct me if i am wrong but i thought also germany considers serbia as a safe country . 
  i should have been more clear . 
  hungary made serbia a `` safe third country '' and a `` safe country of origin '' . 
  germany has ruled serbia a `` safe country of origin '' . 
  which means that residents of serbia can not claim asylum in germany . 
  but people that enter germany via serbia can claim asylum in germany . 
  does n't matter . 
  do you agree that it 's pointless to let people cross the border so they can request asylum , if you send them back immediately because they crossed said border ? 
   there are also points where people can apply for asylum . 
  and since they came from serbia , their asylum claims are rejected pretty much immediately . 
  hungary added serbia to the list of safe third countries in july . 
   there were and are passage points where people can go through in an orderly manner and then claim asylum . 
  that asylum request is then rejected within a couple hours because after the latest law changes in hungary , serbia is considered a safe country . 
  because basically everyone under 40 knows english already . 
  on top of that it 's the language of business and science . 
  it 's spoken all over the world . 
  if we had to make this choice it would be incredible stupid to choose anything that is not english . 
   really realistic killing millions of people in factories was n't * really * realistic either . 
  and then they just did it . 
  russian . 
  just to see poland 's reaction . 
   so walking around and saying unbelievers should be shot , gays should be stoned , and women should be submissive is totally fine in your eyes ? 
  it 's not fine . 
  the question is if that should be punishable by the law . 
  but she received a 18 month suspended jail sentence for kidnapping her children . 
  i highly doubt that you get a higher sentence if you have a clean criminal record and deny the holocaust . 
   she flew with her kids to join the fighting in syria and train with the al-nusra ( al-qaeda in syria ) front . 
  and when she was in syria she moved a couple of times to avoid fighting . 
  she said that she trained on weapons to be able to defend her family . 
  and the court believed her . 
   i know , you could say the woman in this article is guilty of kidnapping the children and going to syria , but hey , doesnt seem to affect it this time . 
  she was convicted for kidnapping her children . 
  she got a suspended jail sentence of 18 months . 
  traveling to syria is not a crime . 
  since she moved a couple times in syria to avoid being involved in fights , the court believed her that she trained on weapons to defend her family . 
   if you even have far right views in germany you can have your kids taken by social services now can you cite some cases ? 
  that 's what happens when you are still stuck in cold war mode . 
  military uber alles . 
  who cares about trade , youth exchange programs or various cross-border cultural organizations when you can have big guns . 
  but that their closest ally still requires visitor visa is a good one . 
   why involve the state in such nonsense ? 
  because married couples usually have special rules in matters that involve the government . 
  be it taxes , inheritance , pensions , burial laws , child adoption , alimony , medical decisions or visiting rights for the intensive care unit . 
  not only muslims . 
  hungarians are incompatible with western culture too . 
   women 's groups and civil rights organisations in hungary have expressed anger over an official public safety video that appears to partially blame women for sexual assaults against them . 
    the video depicts three friends on a night out , dressing up , drinking , dancing and flirting , before one of them is approached by a hooded assailant outside a nightclub . 
  it closes with a shot of the woman lying on the ground , and the slogan : `` you are responsible , you can do something about it . '' http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/nov/24/hungary-police-victim-blaming-safety-video -- or pretenders singers  hynde went on to say that women who dress provocatively while walking down the street drunk were also to blame if they were attacked . 
  `` if i 'm walking around in my underwear and i 'm drunk ? 
  who else 's fault can it be ? '' she said . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/society/2015/aug/30/chrissie-hynde-rape-comments i could probably show you dozens of members of so called western culture who have blamed women for being responsible for rape . 
   why does n't the police go after illegal work ? 
  because that 's the job of the customs agency . 
  :d and they do . 
  they do that every single day . 
   maybe ... you do n't let them wander around until they 're done with processing and the decision on whether they get asylum is made ? 
  when asylum seekers from the middle east or africa appear in germany , they have wandered around in at least 2 eu countries already . 
  germany has an open border policy like nevada has an open border policy . 
  last time i went from arizona to nevada there were no border controls . 
  and last time i went from austria to germany there were no border controls either . 
  one time i 've flown directly to nevada , and surprise , there was a border control . 
  on my way home i flew directly to germany , and surprise , another border control . 
  neither nevada nor germany are responsible if states respectively countries do n't control the outer land borders . 
  everyone . 
  including who . 
   a chunk is a nuclear no-go zone , since the russians who built and ran the rmbk reactors which caused the disaster do n't feel they should pay for the clean up of it , we will get foot with the bill . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , the eu ( individual countries and eu funds combined ) is the biggest contributor to the chernobyl shelter fund anyway . 
  the rest is paid by countries like switzerland , japan , the us and even russia . 
  that wo n't change . 
  ethicist : human beings can consent to test these products . 
  scientist : we have alternatives to animal testing . 
  we test with cells that are grown in-vitro . 
  on top of that we use computer simulations . 
  with flights that are paid by eu governments ? 
  they can not sell products that were tested on animals in the eu . 
  but they can test products on animals that wo n't be sold in the eu . 
  some countries , for example china , require animal testing of cosmetics . 
  which leads to the situation that a company needs products that must be tested on animals and products that must not be tested on animals .
