  we just ignored an agreement we had with the eu . 
  are you interested in a trade agreement ? 
  do n't worry , we 're wo n't do the same to you . 
  except if it 's more beneficial for us . 
  i doubt that all the workers from central and eastern european have good connections to job providers in western european countries . 
  according to the ruling party it 's always just the opposition that is protesting because they do n't like the election result . 
  always . 
   it was less about eastern europeans , more about the government moving on to mass immigration of muslims who outright refuse to assimilate . 
  it was literally about eastern europeans . 
  because all these mass immigrating muslim do n't make it past calais . 
  in the real world real earnings are rising and unemployment is falling . 
  and refugees do n't even get preferential treatment during job search . 
  maybe the average afd voter actually hates muslims . 
  afd prefers the one who is n't merkel . 
  they hate her with a passion . 
  but since we do n't vote for the chancellor directly , we will end with a merkel led grand coalition . 
  obviously . 
  because voters of left , greens and afd would prefer schulz over merkel . 
  in the question which party they would vote , cdu/csu is still ahead of spd . 
  so you want to get back to a world where it 's totally okay when countries ignore the sovereignty of weaker countries ? 
  russia has a right to crimea because the ukrainian army could n't stop them ? 
   libya is a failed state that has no control of its borders or waters . 
  so is ukraine according to russia . 
   it 's really the eu that 's pushing for a harder brexit at the moment . 
  the eu would prefer the uk staying in the single market . 
  brexit can hardly get softer than this . 
  uk citizen that live in the eu when the uk leaves the eu should obviously get a permanent residence permit . 
  but that should be the only special treatment . 
  how is this still unclear ? 
  the uk government wanted to stay in the eu . 
  the electorate forced them to leave the eu . 
  now the government has to make the best out of the referendum . 
  and the paper is the result of that . 
  there 's no reason to repeat inaccuracies and lies from the pro-brexit crowd . 
  no problem . 
  just have to make sure to not protest in a way that works . 
  otherwise government might give orders that involve smashing faces with batons . 
   but what will you do if your government orders them to arrest the protesters and clear the streets ? 
  remember the good times when government allowed police and protesters to be bff . 
   soft brexit people should stop using these terms . 
  they are completely meaningless . 
  the document contains the tl ; dr on page 7 . 
  providing certainty and clarity -- we will provide certainty wherever we can as we approach the negotiations . 
  taking control of our own laws -- we will take control of our own statute book and bring an end to the jurisdiction of the court of justice of the european union in the uk . 
  strengthening the union -- we will secure a deal that works for the entire uk -- for scotland , wales , northern ireland and all parts of england . 
  we remain fully committed to the belfast agreement and its successors . 
  protecting our strong and historic ties with ireland and maintaining the common travel area -- we will work to deliver a practical solution that allows for the maintenance of the common travel area , whilst protecting the integrity of our immigration system and which protects our strong ties with ireland . 
  controlling immigration -- we will have control over the number of eu nationals coming to the uk . 
  securing rights for eu nationals in the uk , and uk nationals in the eu -- we want to secure the status of eu citizens who are already living in the uk , and that of uk nationals in other member states , as early as we can . 
  protecting workers ' rights -- we will protect and enhance existing workers ' rights . 
  ensuring free trade with european markets -- we will forge a new strategic partnership with the eu , including a wide reaching , bold and ambitious free trade agreement , and will seek a mutually bene cial new customs agreement with the eu . 
  securing new trade agreements with other countries -- we will forge ambitious free trade relationships across the world . 
  ensuring the uk remains the best place for science and innovation -- we will remain at the vanguard of science and innovation and will seek continued close collaboration with our european partners . 
  cooperating in the ght against crime and terrorism -- we will continue to work with the eu to preserve european security , to ght terrorism , and to uphold justice across europe . 
  delivering a smooth , orderly exit from the eu -- we will seek a phased process of implementation , in which both the uk and the eu institutions and the remaining eu member states prepare for the new arrangements that will exist between us . 
  depends on the network . 
   the turks literally have boots on the ground who are fighting isis . 
  they could use that intel well . 
  they get the information they need for fighting isis . 
  they do n't get uncensored access . 
   they are both in nato for fuck sake . 
  so is greece . 
  some headlines from the last few days : - turkey 's ruling akp deputy to greece : do n't mess with us or we 'll shoot you - turkey openly threatens greece with armed forces intervention in the aegean - turkey warns germany not to accept soldiers ' asylum claims . 
  german authorities `` are absolutely not allowed to accept these asylum requests , '' says turkish defense minister fikri i\u015f\u0131k, 
  because people do n't like to read articles :  though turkey is a member of the coalition , ** germany has not given turkey uncensored access ** to the high resolution imagery gathered for fear ankara would use the information in its military campaign against kurds , reuters reported . 
    ** the imagery and information gathered is provided `` solely to the anti-islamic state coalition '' and the military follows a strict process to ensure the intelligence gathered is not used for other purposes ** , reuters quoted a ministry spokesperson as saying . 
  would be enough if the us sides with turkey and decides to not kick them out of nato . 
  would definitely be interesting for the eu because of the mutual defence clause . 
  yes , of course . 
  i would n't be so sure about that . 
  there 's a good chance that the one that is n't turkey is expelled . 
  turkey has more strategic value . 
  there 's also a good chance that both will be expelled . 
  that 's basically why greece keeps it 's arsenal at that high level . 
   the building was finished ahead of schedule . 
  can you help us with ber ? 
  the scale is '' % of eu28 average '', 
  you are correct . 
  i used the prices from [ this older press release ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-16-4396_en.htm ) . 
  though i 'm still not sure which press release contains the mistake . 
  i doubt that they agreed upon 7.7 cent last year and then suddenly realised that 7.7 euro would be better . 
  what you call discrimination are market realities . 
  the single market does n't invalidate those . 
  telecommunication is a service that heavily relies on physical infrastructure which must be present in the country of the customer . 
  because of that there are actual cost differences between different countries . 
  the people that maintain the mobile communication infrastructure in germany are paid more than the people that maintain the infrastructure in romania . 
  the leases in germany where the infrastructure is located are higher than in romania . 
  german telcos also paid billions to the government for the frequencies . 
  uk telco companies wo n't see this as a benefit though . 
  free roaming is only free for the customer . 
  it 's not free for the telco companies . 
  ~ ~ oh and the wholesale roaming fee for data will be 7.7 cent per gigabyte . ~ ~, 
   but i 'll still have to pay extra for calling foreign eu numbers , right ? 
  yes . 
  that 's the part that people are often forgetting . 
  and foreign means numbers that are n't from the same country as your contract . 
  if you take your hungarian phone contract to germany , you wo n't get many calls from me , because i would have to pay 0.98 $ per minute . 
  i am not talking about the cost to the customer . 
  i am talking about the fees that the telecom companies pay to each other . 
  if you make a domestic call to someone who is with a different telecom company , your provider has to pay an interconnect fee to the other company .
