  the eu has the problem that large parts of us products are chinese products as far as trade is concerned . 
  my macbook is certainly a us product , but since it 's made in china it wo n't appear in the us-eu trade statistics . 
  i believe putting tariffs on such products is uncharted territory . 
  not sure if it 's possible to put tariffs on chinese products if they are made for a us company . 
   i got 100lei +30 lei because i went with my dog . 
  eastern europe still ca n't into capitalism . 
  anti-trump protesters in the us get 3000 us$ per person . 
  and you received $ 30 because you went with your dog . 
   scenario 3 : an eu import tax for us products . 
  ( provided that all eu partner agree on this as well as the wto greenlights it . ), 
  where ` us products ' means ` designed in california ' or ` made in usa ' ? 
  he must secretly be a trillionaire . 
  he paid for occupy wall street . 
  he paid the ferguson protesters . 
  he paid the native americans that protested against that pipeline . 
  he paid for women to march in the us . 
  he paid the airport protestors . 
  he pays for the lawsuits against trumps muslim-ban . 
  he pays the people that question their politicians in us townhalls . 
  he pays the romanians and their dogs that demonstrate against their government . 
  he basically pays every single non-conservative protester around the world . 
  he 's obviously also pays every single non-conservative government around the world . 
  when does that arsehole run out of money ? 
   except the uk i doubt other european nations have the knowhow and money to conduct spying on this level . 
  every decent software developer can learn to exploit software . 
  half of what it takes to become a so called hacker is already part of their day-to-day job . 
   when you can spy without any significant oversight and you compromise every phone , tv and appliance that can connect to the internet ... you ca n't just say `` but the other guy is doing it too '' . 
   but that 's not what the cia is doing . 
  unless you work for the gru or are a high ranked politician your phone , tv and appliances probably are n't bugged . 
  that would be pretty stupid , because it would n't take long until these backdoors are discovered . 
  which would inform the people that are actually targeted by the cia . 
  as someone on twitter said , the difference is between capabilities and intent . 
  the us also has the capabilities to hit your house with a smart bomb or to kill you with a drone strike while you pick up the kids . 
  that 's certainly scary , but there 's no reason to constantly check the sky for drones . 
   is there not something more targeted which could be done instead ? 
  a drone strike . 
  but that would likely end in war . 
  so sanctions it is . 
  shortened to macedonia in daily usage . 
  if the czech republic wants to be called czechia , north macedonia may might want to be called macedonia . 
  defence spending is defence spending . 
  the us troops stationed in south korea have no link to nato either . 
  nato counts basically everything that is paid by the defence ministry of a country . 
  even civilian units if they are trained in military tactics . 
  fun fact : germany currently spends around 10 billion us-dollar more than all nato members of the eu-13 would spend if they would spend 2 % of their gdp, 
  let 's hope that turkey does n't look at real values of your military spending then . 
  defence expenditures of greece in current prices and exchange rates : - 2009 : 10.156 billion us-dollar - 2010 : 7.902 - 2011 : 6.858 - 2012 : 5.633 - 2013 : 5.310 - 2014 : 5.226 - 2015 : 4.647 turkey on the other hand : - 2009 : 12.647 billion us-dollar - 2010 : 14.134 - 2011 : 13.616 - 2012 : 13.895 - 2013 : 14.427 - 2014 : 13.583 - 2015 : 12.018, 
  2000 : wadde hadde dudde da https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjgszpnj7dy, 
  it will be the industrial building with the largest footprint . 
  currently boeing in everett has the largest factory hall in the world , it covers an area of around 40 hectare . 
  tesla 's factory building will cover an area of ~ 51 hectare . 
   desperation you mean greed . 
  i can guarantee you that the people that did this are n't people that do n't have enough money to feed their children . 
  people who are n't unemployed do n't receive welfare payments to reach that minimum . 
  as a taxpayer i demand that they forward these exploits to the bug bounty programs of the software manufacturers !, 
  imagine the positive effect that could have on the federal budget !, 
  what 's a hard border ? 
  fences and walls ? 
  you 'll need manned checkpoints to enforce the eu customs union . 
  goods that enter the eu have to be checked . 
  that 's also the reason why there are border controls in norway . 
  but that 's basically it . 
  you do n't have to check every person that enters or leaves . 
  you can even allow persons to cross wherever they want if they do n't have goods to declare . 
  but norway is not part of the eu customs union . 
  which means that all goods that enter sweden from norway have to go through customs . 
  vice versa obviously too . 
  the situation is very equal . 
  norway and sweden are both part of schengen . 
  ireland and northern ireland are both part of the common travel area , which is basically schengen with less countries . 
  ca n't even see it from space . 
  fourth reich confirmed . 
   because a source code you do n't actually have access to is better and more safe than open source that many people can analyze different parts at the same time ... why did nobody analyse openssl to find heartbleed ? 
  there 's nothing more annoying than reading other people 's code . 
  it even beats writing documentation . 
  that 's why nobody does it . 
  maybe except the guys at the cia that are paid for it . 
   seriously , what kind of argument is that , `` you do n't read the source '' ... a utilitarian . 
  if your code has a bug , do you read the source code again or do you use a debugger to find it ? 
  bugs are found by running code . 
  not by reading code . 
   are you aware open source software is the most safe to use against this in the sense that you actually can see what 's in the frigging code ? 
  how many open source projects have you personally analyzed ? 
  that 's what i thought . 
  that people theoretically can read the code does n't help if they do n't actually do it . 
  otherwise things like heartbleed or goto fail could have been prevented . 
  and if people are n't able to find careless mistakes , they wo n't be able to find carefully crafted backdoors either . 
   the exploits are not just software , they 're in the modem transceivers made exclusively by us-uk companies , and they do n't just target subjects of interest , they collect every bit of data they can get and do so automatically and from everyone and then that data gets processed trough macro-comparative algorithms which create a value string for every individual , much like banks establish a person 's credit score by analyzing a multitude of socio-economic factors . 
  where can i read more about that ? 
   now we understand why all the european terminal manufacturers were systematically neutralized by american buyouts . 
  nokia nokia was n't bought , they are still headquartered in espoo , finland . 
  microsoft purchased the naming rights for mobile phones . 
  that deal had nothing to do with nokia networks at all . 
   ericson ericsson was n't bought either . 
  still headquartered in stockholm , sweden . 
   alcatel alcatel-lucent was acquired by and merged with nokia . 
   to think that just 4 years ago if someone were to say this they 'd be branded a nutter . 
  no , not really . 
  it 's not news that the cia employs thousand of specialists whose only job it is to find exploitable bugs in computer software . 
  the stuff snowden leaked was way more severe .
