  does that mean spain and thailand will send back the majority of the germans living there ? 
  actually that 's exactly how integration works . 
  integration is not a one-way street . 
  if the natives are not welcoming , the foreigners wo n't feel welcome . 
  which leads to the situation that foreigners stay with foreigners . 
  `` i hate immigrants , they should stay in their home countries and fix them . 
  i was born in romania and now live in denmark , but that does n't make me an immigrant , because we have freedom of movement in the eu '', 
  increase in crime already happened since we let romania and poland into the eu . 
  polish suspects went from 30,000 in 2009 to 43,898 . 
  romanian suspects went from 17,100 to 47,435 . 
  at the same time turkish suspects have decreased from 102,500 to 83,500 . 
  fucking muslims ca n't integrate and commit crimes 24/7 . 
   the dagger complex is a us military base in darmstadt ( germany ) , close to griesheim . 
  it is located on the eberst\u00e4dter weg , south of the august-euler-airfield . 
    the complex is operated by the united states army intelligence and security command ( inscom ) on behalf of the u.s. national security agency ( nsa ) . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dagger_complex and in wiesbaden the us army is currently building the * consolidated intelligence center * , which will replace the dagger complex . 
  but does n't matter . 
  the german government knows what 's going on in these facilities . 
  they probably helped to run the cables between darmstadt and de-cix . 
   ca n't they just use an embassy ? 
  you probably underestimate the number of legitimate refugees . 
  if syrians could go to the next eu embassy to request asylum , europe would have to deal with 2 or 3 million refugees from syria alone . 
   no need to send the whole fucking horde here , just filter them out at the embassies . 
  it takes a couple of months to filter . 
  filtering out legitimate refugees is the sole purpose of the asylum process . 
  and during that time you have to protect each applicant , because you do n't know who is actually under threat . 
  our embassies are just not big enough for that . 
  and as said , if you would be able to request asylum in an embassy much more people would come to europe . 
  there is a reason the un refugee convention requires that asylum is requested while you are actually in the host country . 
  embassy asylum allows refugees to pick their host country freely , which increases the burden on rich countries even more . 
  who would request asylum in greece or hungary if they could pick uk or norway ? 
  it shows that countries like to follow conventions as long as it does n't cause them any inconvenience . 
  forcing countries to act is the whole fucking point of these treaties . 
  history has shown countless times that countries have to be forced to act in a humane way . 
  so who would be europe 's papua new guinea ? 
  no , it 's not mandatory . 
  but if your government is part of nato , hosting other nato members ' bases is n't really a big deal since it 's not like those troops are being used to threaten you or anything like that . 
  though they ~ ~ might ~ ~ will use these facilities as a home base to spy on you . 
  the main problem is that old people do n't die as soon as they stop contributing . 
  less people will have to pay for the pensions of more people . 
  that 's the problem with shrinking population sizes . 
  if we wo n't increase the fertility rate to the magic 2.1 the population size wo n't stabilize on a low level ; it will continue to shrink . 
  and now add medical advancements to that calculation . 
  these medical procedures are expensive but increase the average lifespan . 
  so they increase the burden on the young generation in two ways , direct cost for the medical treatment , and more pension payments because longer life . 
  if we could use the next 20 years to magically turn germany into a country with a stable population of 60 million people there would n't be much of a problem . 
  it will exist . 
  and nobody will leave . 
  the threat of the exits will now lead to necessary reforms . 
  as a result of that there is still no country that is happy , but everyone will be less unhappy . 
  which will be enough to achieve a 60 % yes-vote in the uk referendum . 
  and 20 years from now we will ask ourselves why we did n't start that process 10 years earlier . 
  and when they see your ship they sink their boat , jump into the water , wave their hands and scream help . 
  if you do n't rescue them you violate international maritime law . 
  if you rescue them and set sail for the coast of libya to bring them back , you violate the sovereign waters of libya and a couple human rights . 
  the latter will startle the european court of human rights . 
  it 's not that easy . 
   and also , as much as foreigners are welcome , a black or arab person for instance can never truly be german , no matter how long they have been here , because they are not of european descent and as such will always be foreign to these lands . 
  and people wonder why we 're so bad at integrating them . 
  look at you , you dirty little foreigner . 
  sinz you were born in germany you are no longer a real t\u00fcrk , and since you were a t\u00fcrk before you can not be a real german . 
  do you want isis membership with your identity crisis ? 
   they are both first response and tripwire forces . 
  and they boost the local economy . 
   are most bases in the west of germany ? 
  if you talk about the former border between the two german states : all foreign bases are in west germany . 
  that there wo n't be any foreign units stationed on ex-gdr soil is part of the two-plus-four treaty . 
  plenty , german wikipedia has a list : http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/ausl\u00e4ndische_milit\u00e4rbasen_in_deutschland#regionale_auflistung, 
  to be fair , russia proved very reliable through the decades . 
  even in times of high political tensions during the cold war , energy trade was never used to influence policies in western europe . 
  looks like she was incredible lucky to leave unharmed . 
  north korea !, 
  the other members had a look at the [ mip scoreboard ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/indicators/economic_reforms/eip/#/headline/?selected_year=2013 ) and decided that it 's not worth to start enforcing penalties . 
  oh , and germany recently [ got bumped ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-15-4504_en.htm ) into mip category 3 , `` imbalances , which require monitoring and decisive policy action '' . 
  it 's not the the imbalances are ignored . 
  but plenty other countries have bigger problems as well . 
  for example bulgaria , france , croatia , italy , portugal . 
  which are all in category 5 , `` excessive imbalances , which require specific monitoring and decisive policy action '' . 
  switzerland is not part of eea anyway , they rejected eea membership in a referendum . 
  they have a trade agreement with eea . 
  and if they violate one of the bilateral i agreements they will lose all bilateral i agreements . 
  those are : 1 . 
  free movement of persons 2 . 
  technical obstacles to trade 3 . 
  public procurement market 4 . 
  agriculture 5 . 
  research 6 . 
  civil aviation 7 . 
  overland transport just read what the swiss government has to say about this :  how to proceed with fma after 9.2.2014 ? 
    - adoption of the initiative `` against mass immigration '' on 9.2.2014 with 50.3 % of the votes and the majority of the cantons  - the new constitutional article 121a is incompatible with the free movement of persons agreement ( fma ) with the eu . 
   - the fma has to be renegotiated within 3 years and has to be adjusted to the new swiss immigrations system . 
   - if the constitutional article has not come into effect after 3 years , the federal council shall adopt the implementation provisions temporarily by decree until this point . 
   - threat of activation of the guillotine clause in case of a possible fma termination : also the other agreements of the bilaterals i would be terminated . 
  [ pdf page 9 ] ( https://www.eda.admin.ch/dam/dea/en/documents/folien/folien-abkommen_en.pdf ) and currently it looks like eea/eu is not willing to renegotiate about free movement . 
  this will at least continue for another 4 weeks , because the imf found a decades old rule that says that you can bundle your payments and pay them at the end of the month . 
  at least that 's what i remember from the 10 seconds i listened to this very refreshing topic on the news . 
  pwc , also known as the leading advisor on international tax avoidance schemes . 
  of course they can create data that shows that ireland is n't a tax haven . 
  that 's their job , and their clients pay that they do exactly that . 
   the uk can stop immigration and still maintain trade with the eea if it left the eu , thats basically the idea in leaving with emphasis on `` trade ** with ** eea '' , similar how south africa or india can trade * with * eea .
