  eu citizens generally have the right to reside in any eu country for three months . 
  after three months , free movement of people becomes free movement of workers , and you have to fulfill other requirements to make use of that right : - you have a job or actively look for a job or attend training for a job - you are self-employed - you have health insurance and enough money to support yourself for the foreseeable future - you have resided in the country legally for at least 5 years - you are a member of the family of someone who fulfills one of these requirements if you do n't fulfill any of these , you no longer have the right of free movement in that host country , and you have to leave the country . 
  people that have citizenship ca n't lose their residence rights . 
  because the eu actually differentiates between migrants from eu countries and nationals . 
  that 's the risk of the migrant . 
  no exceptions , even legal migrants face that risk . 
  if you fail , you fail hard and will probably end up with nothing . 
  the people who return are usually people who came for economic reasons . 
  1000 of the 1750 asylum seekers that returned are from kosovo . 
  a country that will most likely join the eu within the next decade . 
  they come to the eu because they look for work , they do n't come because they are threatened in their home country . 
  i 've talked to a couple asylum seekers from the balkan countries . 
  every single story is a sob story . 
  and it would be really great if we could help them . 
  but unfortunately we ca n't , at least not by letting them come here without a plan . 
  we are no longer in the 60s where we need tons of unskilled workers . 
  but we definitely need means of migration for non-eu people who are n't university graduates . 
  something like the us green card lottery , or a university stipend program for poor people . 
  but nobody is willing to pay for that . 
  let me read the article for you ...  the caritas charity confirmed that between september 1st and december 14th 257 iraqis , 35 afghans and 53 iranians flew home - most of whom had been resident in vienna . 
  in 2014 only two iraqis , nine afghans and one iranian chose to return to their own countries . 
  and while these 1,750 returned to their countries , more than 55,000 people requested asylum in austria . 
  waiting for people to return voluntarily wo n't be enough . 
  source : [ eurostat q3/2015 report ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:first_time_asylum_applicants,_q3_2014_\u2013_q3_2015.png ), 
  public companies usually publish their financial reports once a year . 
  you speak greek , if somebody is able to find that information , it 's you . 
  that 's what contracts are for . 
  you can make fair access mandatory by putting such a part into the contract . 
  austria probably pays for travel expenses . 
  a few months in the asylum system are more expensive than a ticket to any place in the world . 
  i 'm not sure if that would be smart . 
  realistically , it 's highly unlikely that crimea will ever return to ukraine . 
  if russia could only end the sanctions if they give back crimea , they would have no reason to stop supporting the rebels in eastern ukraine . 
  crimea has its own set of sanctions . 
  the eu has basically a full embargo in place against crimea . 
  http://europa.eu/newsroom/highlights/special-coverage/eu_sanctions/index_en.htm  in view of russia 's actions destabilising the situation in eastern ukraine , the eu imposed economic sanctions in july 2014 and reinforced them in september 2014 . 
  ** in march 2015 , the european council linked the duration of those economic restrictions to the complete implementation of the minsk agreements . 
  **   the eu remains ready to reverse its decisions and reengage with russia when it starts contributing actively and without ambiguities to finding a solution to the ukrainian crisis . 
  it is crimea that has to deal with it . 
  i 'm not affected by the sanctions . 
   not really . 
  they only banned russian administrators . 
  it 's the americans that expanded this list on some oligarchs , not the eu . 
  the eu has oligarchs on its list , but only if they are connected to the actions in ukraine . 
  the eu does n't want to sanction people because they are russian . 
  they want to sanction them because they are involved in ukraine . 
   the ace up our sleeve would have to be cutting russia 's oil or gas market in europe something that would cripple our economy if it 's used is not an ace . 
  as you say yourself , it 's a liability . 
   alternatively funding a big pipeline to iran , azerbaijan or algeria . 
  so we are finally able to use that ace in 10 , maybe 20 years ? 
   were the sanctions up to me i 'd first compile a list of russian oligarchs , political leaders , etc. 
  from there i 'd embargo/sanction those select people , barring them from western travel , finance , education , etc. 
  so the same what the eu has done , but with a longer list ? 
  if the sanctions are a joke , what do you suggest instead ? 
  it is worked out . 
  the sanctions against russia stay in place until the minsk agreements are implemented to the full extend . 
  and the sanctions against crimea stay in place as long as russia occupies it . 
  we do n't sanction russia for their existence . 
  or because they elected the wrong government . 
  they are sanctioned because of their actions on foreign territory . 
  and after that , economy minister gabriel said that this wo n't happen . 
  if there would n't be a problem with border control in the eu , merkel would have never made any statement regarding refugees . 
  because germany and other countries that are n't italy and greece would not think a single second about refugees , because they just would n't get them . 
  according to eurostat 101,000 people requested asylum in hungary between q2/2014 and q2/2015 . 
  if that is a sign of working border control i do n't know . 
  but maybe hungary allowed uncontrolled immigration for political reasons as well . 
  we already have a framework for countries that only care about the single market and do n't want a closer union . 
  norway , switzerland , iceland and liechtenstein are part of it . 
  but even that is too much brussels for the uk . 
  the uk wants to be part of a single market lite . 
  free movement for goods , services , finances . 
  but not for workers . 
   either the government raises 500kr from the sale of confiscated items or the government takes 500kr from you . 
  so denmark gets 5.6 million refugees ? 
  because if only 56000 people request asylum , it goes like this :  either the government raises 500kr from the sale of confiscated items or the government takes 5kr from you . 
  we also allowed david hasselhoff to bring down the wall . 
  i 'm not sure what 's worse . 
  but how to change that ? 
  migrant families do n't live in high-crime ghettos because they love their ghetto culture so much . 
  they live there because they ca n't afford something better . 
  make that one and a half decades . 
  and she probably had that opinion before 2000 , but we do n't know because nobody cared what merkel had to say before she was elected as the leader of the cdu . 
  of course not , because the government is as divided about the topic as the general population . 
  in the us , ancestry is merely a fashionable trait that you use to brag about on st. patricks day . 
  in europe , huge parts of the population do not consider you german , french , whatever if your ancestors have n't lived in the country for generations . 
  if someone with a strange sounding name like mohamed does something bad , people add scare-quotes around the nationality . 
  news headline :  german guy sentenced to jail after stealing snickers . 
  first comment . 
  if there is a voting system , usually the one with the most upboats :  `` german '' the guy who is the grandson of turkish migrants that came to germany 50 years ago ? 
  he 's still a turk . 
  even if he does n't have turkish citizenship and barely speaks turkish . 
  and there is no chance that he will ever be a german without scare-quotes . 
  no matter how assimilated he is . 
  and kennedy too . 
  i start to see a connection . 
  because the political reality is a bit harder than \\ / r/europe believes . 
  since you did n't care about the topic in 2010 , you probably missed the long discussions about leitkultur , that did n't lead to a solution of the problems that come with wrong handled multiculturalism . 
  and contrary to popular believe germany is not a dictatorship . 
  it 's a bit hard to make laws if you do n't even have the full support of your own party . 
  we have minimum wage .
