  if uk wants to be part of eea they have to adopt eea principles , one of them being freedom of movement and non-discrimination against citizens from eea countries . 
  ever heard of boko haram ? 
   even rational everyday europeans will tend to be negative towards immigrants . 
  it is n't bullshit , especially when you have documented sources that describe what 's happening . 
  says the immigrant . 
  from romania . 
  -- hilarious the circle of hate, 
  unless we create another european economic area ( aeea ) consisting of eea and uk , uk wo n't be able to negotiate anything . 
  they either adapt eea legislation or they wo n't be part of eea . 
  norway ca n't negotiate much either . 
  if norway decides they do n't like freedom of movement , they have to leave eea . 
  switzerland currently has this problem . 
  they had a referendum about mass immigration , and they decided to limit ( eu ) immigration . 
  if switzerland turns the result of that referendum into law they lose the trade agreement with eea . 
  and as it looks today , the eu is not willing to negotiate about freedom of movement . 
  so now switzerland has until 2017 to convince eu to negotiate about the principles or they will need another referendum to decide if there should be a `` swexit '' or if they ignore the result of the mass immigration referendum . 
   the eu could be something great , say for example if the efdd group was the largest block or something . 
  lol ? 
  yeah , but they are already here . 
  there are most likely thousands of isis sympathizers who are still in europe . 
  they do n't have to go to syria to get training . 
  they could receive weapons training right here in europe . 
  we are currently merging . 
   the only thing we need from the eu is trade we dont need a single thing apart from that so its funny when i see things like this and that 's where you should listen to brende . 
  he 's from norway , he knows how access to the eu market works . 
   `` in the eea we have to implement all eu directives ... we 're not around the table when they 're discussed in brussels , '' mr brende said . 
   i know about the guillotine clause , but this is not really a citation of people shitting themselves . 
  well . 
  did they turn the result of the referendum into a law yet ? 
  usually it does n't take them that long . 
  something is stopping them from doing that . 
   also , the eu ca n't really ruin switzerland , because that would destroy the popularity of the eu among the people of the eu even more . 
  the eu wo n't actively ruin switzerland , they will just be treated as every other country that is not part of eu , eea or any other eu trade agreement . 
   the eu can not afford that , with its current low levels of support . 
  you have that backwards . 
  that 's the exact reason why the eu can not bow down to switzerland 's request . 
  guess how eu support would look if the eu starts to kiss their ass . 
  what would norway , iceland and liechtenstein do if they see that they can cherry-pick eu treaties ? 
  of course you would love that switzerland can cherry-pick . 
  because that would mean that the uk could cherry-pick the treaties of their post-brexit trade agreement as well . 
  but that 's not happening . 
  if the eu allows switzerland to abolish freedom of movement while keeping the other principles the eu is dead . 
  if it 's enough that there is a single isis fighter in europe then we are already dead . 
  i do n't know the newest tally but the number of isis fighters that left europe should be over 5000 . 
  if isis wants to strike in europe they can just train in europe . 
  that 's why we have the asylum application process . 
  yes , because why not ? 
  in some of the german states 16 year olds can vote in local and/or state elections . 
  we are still alive . 
  if current trends ( numbers are from 2013 ) do n't change germany will be `` full '' of people whose parents came from poland ( +71,682 ) , romania ( +52,745 ) , bulgaria ( +21,724 ) , hungary ( +25,676 ) and italy ( +23,305 ) . 
  believe it or not , most of the people that come to germany are eu citizens . 
  because the nsa is only interested in terrorists ... belgium hosts a ton of eu agencies and councils . 
  how about the european defence agency for starters ? 
  well ... 
  if we do n't take refugees from africa and the middle east we would have more space for asylum seekers from serbia . 
  in 2014 serbia was ranked fifth in the [ statistics ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:countries_of_origin_of_\\ ( non-eu \\ ) _ asylum_seekers_in_the_eu-28_member_states , _ 2013_and_2014_yb15_iii . png ) for nationalities who requested asylum in the eu . 
  behind syria , afghanistan , kosovo and eritrea . 
  if we would get 1.8 million refugees in that short time they would all live in tents . 
  i think we still have asylum seekers who have to live in tents . 
  we too were overwhelmed with the influx of asylum seekers after the crisis in syria and other countries . 
  but it does n't matter if they live in tents . 
  if an eu country wants to provide tents for asylum seekers they can do that . 
  nobody is forcing them to build single-family houses for each family . 
   no jobs . 
  no housing . 
  no services . 
  no benefits . 
  great way to turn asylum seekers into criminals . 
  oh , and a violation of the un refugee convention . 
   they came of their own free will and for their own benefit and they broke the law to do it . 
  which does n't matter because article 31 of the convention basically grants them immunity for their border violation . 
   damn those swedes like to steal cars a lot quite ironic if a pole says that, 
  young men are the group that is most likely to take a risk . 
  that 's nothing new . 
  the eu migration statistic looks pretty much like the asylum seeker statistic . 
  you do n't lose your refugee status just because you do n't stay in the next shitty refugee camp . 
  maybe that would be a valuable amendment to the un convention . 
  first of all we do n't grant asylum to everyone who makes it to europe . 
  that 's why the asylum application process takes months , its sole purpose is to figure out who is a legitimate refugee and who is n't . 
  the latter can and will be send home . 
  the un refugee convention contains an article about illegal entry . 
  a host country can not use the fact , that an asylum seeker entered the country illegally , against said person if the person thinks they fall under the un refugee convention . 
  which is basically the case for every single person from africa or the middle east . 
  you can not deny asylum if people violate your border without violating the un convention . 
  if you could do that we could just scrap the whole convention , because countries could decide if and which refugees they want to take . 
  the whole point of the refugee convention is to make countries protect every single refugee that reaches their soil . 
  turkey is rich and that people are scrambling to get into turkey turkey hosts almost 1.8 million unhcr-registered refugees from syria, 
   i wish the eu would adopt something similar to australia 's approach . 
  and the uk plays papua new guinea . 
  or which country should take that role ? 
  that statistic is from 2011 . 
  since then the number of people who request asylum in the eu has more than doubled . 
  the unit is ` % of ( gpd at the start of the crisis ) ` no need to convert currencies or account for inflation . 
  after roughly 7 years the gdp of the usa was back where it was at the start of the crisis . 
  if we avoid failure at nearly all cost we end up with an eu that consists of members that all have a couple opt-outs for things they do n't want . 
  and we will end up with a eurozone where increasing debt is n't a problem because if it 's too much it will be paid by someone else . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's really positive for the eu/ez if that would happen . 
  people stick together with their own income level . 
  it 's a necessity because they simply ca n't afford the more expensive areas . 
  give a muslim family that lives in one of the `` ghettos '' enough money so they can buy a house in a nice neighborhood and they will do exactly that .
