  there 's one problem with each of these strategies . 
  there is no default resolution that will enter into force if no deal is made . 
  and a deal has to be approved by each and every member state . 
  brilliant idea . 
  let 's destroy their economies . 
  that will certainly stop the influx of economic migrants . 
  stop playing video games . 
  it 's a lengthy process to give a country the safe country of origin designation . 
  so it 's a waste of time to do it for countries that do n't create a significant number of asylum seekers . 
  a company can hire whoever they want . 
  among other things they are not allowed to discriminate against eu nationals because of their nationality though . 
  so instead of saying `` i do n't want to hire this romanian citizen '' they have to say `` that guy does n't fit into our team '' . 
  or `` i think that this woman wo n't be a good sales person '' . 
  that 's why in big companies only trained professionals talk to job applicants . 
  there 's a risk of accidentally saying something that can be considered discriminating . 
  and then the applicant can sue the company . 
  in your example , if the boss of the company tells the eu national `` sorry , we have decided to hire the austrian '' , a court might interpret that as discrimination against the eu national because of his citizenship . 
  like that one time germany used the article of the dublin regulations that explicitly states that a country can take responsibility for an asylum seeker voluntarily ? 
   you did nothing until you were forced to germany has been part of the syrian unhcr resettlement program . 
  a total of 40,000 syriansw ere resettled to germany since 2012 . 
  the german federal relief agency has been active helping the unhcr to build refugee camps in jordan . 
   letting those hundreds of thousands walk across all borders essentially germany does not have an external schengen land border . 
  it was hungary who let in hundred of thousands into the schengen area . 
   they also tend to actually go back to their home countries after a period of time . 
  net migration rate already accounts for that . 
  nice editorialisation . 
  not yet . 
  because the uk will be a member of the eu for at least another two years . 
   `` in april this year we are also bringing in the immigration skills charge for non-eea skilled workers . 
  if you want to recruit an indian computer programmer on a four-year contract on top of the existing visa charges and the resident labour market test there will be a fee of # 1,000 per year . 
   [ ... ]  that is something that currently applies to non-eu and it has been suggested to us that could be applied to eu . '', 
  yep . 
  i have photographic proof that merkel closed the refugee stream temporarily . 
  http://i.imgur.com/un5vks9.jpg once elections are over she 'll continue with the white genocide . 
  and how large other immigration streams are . 
  if we ignore the peak of the refugee crisis and look at a whole decade , immigration from the eu outperforms asylum seekers and refugees by a large margin . 
  between 2010 and 2015 we had a net migration of 1.56 million eu citizens . 
  in 2016 we very likely added another 400,000 . 
   ok - it will significantly reduce immigration , sure . 
  i would n't be so sure about that . 
  it 's a levy for skilled non-eu migration . 
  non-eu migration to the uk currently has a minimum earning requirement of 35000 # . 
  and the levy will be paid by the employer . 
  the uk has something like 19 % non-wage labour costs . 
  so the employer pays ~ 41,500 # for that immigrant already . 
  adding another 1000 # to that increases the cost for the employer by less than 2.5 % that 's not a reason to let positions open or to close business . 
  but it will make the british economy less competitive . 
  please consider to make that 10,000 a year . 
  the eu will profit if more skilled eu workers stay in the eu . 
   it 's not like they voted on deporting her or stripping her of her human rights . 
  because they ca n't . 
  if they would vote on that i could guarantee you that they would vote to deport her . 
  no * true * cowbell could be that small . 
  yes . 
  lots of vegetarian cyclist in the netherlands . 
  if someone would have said that barack obama , david cameron , marine le pen , angela merkel , horst seehofer or geert wilders or frauke petry hired prostitutes to piss on a bed that was used by their political opponent nobody would believe it . 
  but trump with his fragile yet massive ego ? 
  totally plausible . 
  either the 4chan trolls have hacked trump 's twitter account years ago , or it 's totally plausible . 
  freedom of expression should be reserved for certified non-cunts !, 
  increase the minimum age for buying tobacco every year . 
  problem solved . 
  unfortunately `` the eu '' ca n't do that . 
  ones brits are no longer eu citizens , their status becomes an issue of each member state . 
  immigration and residency is the sole responsibility of the member states . 
  there are many common regulations , but they only apply to eu citizen . 
  it 's a europe ruling . 
  the ehcr is the highest european court . 
  all countries that have signed and ratified the european convention on human rights will follow that ruling . 
  currently that covers all european countries except belarus . 
  if theresa may gets her way , the uk might join that list in the future . 
   if it 's your religious holiday or an event you should have every right to get a day free . 
  not true . 
  imagine if all police officers who identify as christian would not go to work on sunday . 
  you want a day free because of your religion ? 
  negotiate with your employer . 
  in the highest european court . 
  as long as they do n't power their windmills with lignite ... 
   including usb port to charge your phone i would not connect any device without a `` usb condom '' , which is a device that disconnects the data pins of the usb connection . 
  they decided not to join erm ii , which is a prerequisite of joining the euro . 
  it 's basically a loophole that allows countries to not join the euro without an opt-out . 
  no eastern germany . 
  speaking from my own experience , if your case is urgent enough and there 's no free `` public insurance '' bed they 'll put you in a fancy private patient room that looks more like a 5-star hotel than a hospital . 
  i was admitted to such a room because there was no bed available on that specialist ward . 
  it 's not like this is a secret society where they want to keep the peasants out . 
  it 's just a way for the hospital to earn more money . 
  everyone who is willing to pay 50 $ a day extra has access to these rooms anyway . 
  if your spouse earns more than 425/450 $ a month or if they are self-employed they have to get their own insurance , and pay 14.6 % of their salary . 
  or in case of self-employment 14.6 % of the minimum salary they are expected to have , which is 2231 $ per month . 
  or 1487 $ if they request to be treated as a hardship case . 
  63 % were positive . 
  of the 280880 first instance decision 73275 ( 26 % ) ended in refugee status , 93630 ( 33 % ) in subsidiary protection , 10830 ( 3.8 % ) people were allowed to stay for humanitarian reasons . 
  and because so many people say `` only few are real refugees . 
  many are n't from syria '' ; of the 93630 who received subsidiary protection , 73195 were from syria . 
  contrary to popular believe , refugee does n't actually mean being from a country at war . 
  refugee means being persecuted in your home country for reasons of race , religion , nationality , political opinion or membership in a particular social group . 
  people from countries that are at war but are n't personally targeted receive subsidiary protection . 
  for such a critical spirit you are thinking pretty one-dimensional . 
  iceland is a schengen member and they participate in freedom of movement as well . 
  i doubt that being a eu member would change anything related to tourists or immigration .
