   was n't the austrian government calling hungary nazi state because they used a fence ? 
  nothing, 
  taking notes from our constitution . 
   the political system of the federal republic of germany is also called wehrhafte or streitbare demokratie ( militant democracy ) . 
  this implies that the government ( bundesregierung ) , the parliament ( bundestag ) and the judiciary are given extensive powers and duties to defend the freiheitlich-demokratische grundordnung ( liberal democratic order ) against those who want to abolish it . 
  the idea behind the concept is the notion that even a majority rule of the people can not be allowed to install a totalitarian or autocratic regime like as enabling act of 1933 , thereby violating the principles of the german constitution , the basic law . 
    https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/streitbare_demokratie, 
  if you believe they would cease to exist if we ignore them you are very wrong . 
  they still have many voters . 
  if they would have gotten just a few hundred votes more we would have them in the saxon parliament again . 
  but even without seats , they receive a lot of money for these votes . 
  and they use some of that to finance violent groups and other questionable projects . 
  position 21 with 153 countries first column , last row . 
  believe it or not , but you can actually have multiple goals . 
  and you can even have multiple ways to achieve all these goals . 
  - reinstate the schengen free travel zone , by abolishing the practice of waving through asylum seekers - help greece , by using the eu hotspot approach and resettling people in need for protection under the agreed 160,000 people resettlement program you know , like she said in her statements . 
  when you prove that they want to abolish the constitution and are willing to use violence to achieve that goal . 
   then we need to massively increase resources for processing them , to turn the three year wait into three days and then kick them out . 
  let the legitimate ones through and relocate them throughout europe . 
  sounds like the hotspot approach . 
  the biggest problem is the `` kick them out '' part . 
  take a map of the schengen area and see if you can find any land connections between greece and the other schengen countries . 
  here 's an english article about her statements : http://www.dw.com/en/merkel-urges-eu-wide-solution-to-refugee-crisis/a-19086138, 
  in germany we say that democracy has to be able to defend oneself from forces that want to destroy it . 
  and in the opinion of many , the npd is such a force . 
  --  the political system of the federal republic of germany is also called wehrhafte or streitbare demokratie ( militant democracy ) . 
  this implies that the government ( bundesregierung ) , the parliament ( bundestag ) and the judiciary are given extensive powers and duties to defend the freiheitlich-demokratische grundordnung ( liberal democratic order ) against those who want to abolish it . 
  the idea behind the concept is the notion that even a majority rule of the people can not be allowed to install a totalitarian or autocratic regime like as enabling act of 1933 , thereby violating the principles of the german constitution , the basic law . 
    https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/streitbare_demokratie, 
  that program does n't exist because germany wants to be generous . 
  there are many people who would return home if they could afford the ticket . 
  for $ 325 you can keep an asylum seeker in germany for something like 2 weeks . 
  if that guy waited 2 months to safe money for his return ticket , the government paid more than necessary . 
  resettling people does not stop the other asylum seekers . 
  the moroccan who wants to go to germany wo n't think `` uuh , they are so generous resettling all those syrians , i do n't want to be an additional burden on their system '' . 
  he will pay a smuggler and come to germany . 
  where according to the un refugee convention , his asylum application has to be checked . 
  between 2013 and february 2016 , we flew 41,216 syrians to germany . 
  we also continue to resettle non-syrian refugees from other camps . 
  but that does n't stop anyone . 
  if germany would resettle 1 million people it would have literally no effect on the people that come to germany anyway . 
  welcome to stratfor . 
  banning the npd will solve at least two problems - they will no longer get money for the votes they received . 
  so they will no longer be able to finance violent groups and other questionable projects with that money - election posters like [ this ] ( http://wiadomosci.wp.pl/kat,1342,title,plakaty-zatrzymac-polska-inwazje-zostaja-w-loecknitz,wid,11486549,wiadomosc.html?ticaid=116933 ) would disappear , which can only improve the relationship with our neighbors, 
  some lobby groups requested that . 
  we guys , as in the government , is currently talking about raising the minimum wage to 8.80 $ in 2017 . 
   he had scraped together his last $ 325 for the flight to iraq someone should have told him about the [ reag support program ] ( http://www.bamf.de/en/rueckkehrfoerderung/programmereaggarp/programme-reag-garp-node.html ) . 
  government would have paid for his travel costs . 
  should have asked [ this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdkvx45wyeq ) . 
  he is experienced in this kind of search . 
  munich is full of migrants or descendants of migrants . 
  an additional 14 % have a migration background . 
  that 's literally more than half a million people . 
  very very dangerous in munich . 
  he should move to dresden . 
  [ only 6.16 % foreigners ] ( http://www.dresden.de/de/leben/stadtportrait/statistik/bevoelkerung-gebiet/bevoelkerungsbestand.php ) , that 's just 34,000 people . 
  and there 's pegida , who are afraid of migrants too , so he should feel right at home . 
  from time to time brave npd men beat up a migrant . 
  so he should feel very safe there , migrants do n't try shit in dresden . 
  he should just make sure to not tell anyone that he 's a migrant . 
  that 's probably why op did n't ask `` why did these moroccans get asylum '' . 
  the official name of the german state between 1943 and 1945 was `` greater german reich '' . 
  and if the english translation of `` gro\u00dfdeutsches reich '' would be more literate it would even be `` great german reich '' . 
  so yes , strong implication . 
  people who do n't read reddit might not know that germany is a literal shit hole that nobody sane wants to step foot in . 
  i would explain more , but i have to pick up my girlfriend from the daily mass raping soon . 
  it 's actually : mervyn allister king , baron king of lothbury, 
  nobody really knows what position the uk realistically can take after they leave . 
  eea will be hard , because as you said , controlling migration is one of the more important parts of the pro-brexit people . 
  not being in eea will be bad for business though . 
  everything that happens after they vote leave in the referendum will be much harder than all the fuss that we saw before the referendum . 
  according to the article around 370 moroccans received asylum in germany in 2015 . 
   according to the office for migration and refugees ( bamf ) , around 10,000 moroccans came to germany last year and only around 3.7 percent were given asylum . 
  because there is no europe in these matters . 
  every single country is on it 's own . 
  why should spain or france threaten morocco with trade sanctions to make them agree to german deportations if they already have a repatriation deal with morocco ? 
  so the first time you heard about the german chancellor ( first elected in 2005 , on every single international newspaper cover back then ) was after 2007 ( when vw started to use * das auto * ) . 
  and at that point you were already so fluent in the german language that not only you knew the word ferkel , but it came to your mind immediately . 
  dark psycho prophecy indeed . 
  the [ first uploaded version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1azhoh4ul2e ) of that video is even worse . 
    danke f\u00fcr den post - die l\u00fcgenpresse schreibt \u00fcber das jubelnde volk n\u00e4mlich nicht .   die * judenpresse --  juden schwein merkel --   merkel is half-jewish , of course she hates germans and wants to genocide them .   + leonid sokolov all the jews hate the germans . 
  they \u00b4 ve declared war on germany long time before hitler \u00b4 s come to power . 
   they \u00b4 ve also claimed some 6 million dead jews in germany even before the first world war . 
    how pathetic that anyone would believe anything they say . 
  because asylum is granted to people who are persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion . 
  hungary is not in western eu though . 
  your mighty v4 ally is currently the only eu government that is in talks with russia about deals that are not possible under the current sanctions . 
  shallow answers for shallow minds . 
   she specifically said that she opposes all limits on numbers considering that any specific limit is not enforceable , nothing is lost . 
  nobody has said what would happen to asylum seeker limit +1 . 
  they wo n't stop coming just because you put up signs that say that the limit has reached . 
  austria had the awesome idea to just stop processing asylum applications after the limit is reached . 
  which accomplishes exactly nothing . 
  except that there will be more people who have n't officially requested asylum . 
  not going to happen . 
  making trade harder is not in the interest of the eu . 
  and increasing tariffs for the sake of punishing the uk is most likely a violation of wto rules . 
  that 's why i continued with this :  and while they might be able to influence the german position , there are 26 other eu countries who will have a say in the negotiations . 
  that 's something that you have direct control about . 
  but the bdi wo n't be directly involved in the negotiations .
