  so people have to default on their taxes . 
  and the tax authority sends a collection officer who looks if the tax payer is really unable to pay . 
  other countries wo n't accept that you do n't pay taxes . 
  they 'll try to take what you owe . 
   does this mean that in 30years greece will not need more money ? 
  i hope it does n't take that long until greece is able to roll over their debt with loans they get on the free market . 
  because greece needs debt relief and bailouts . 
  ( and on top of that they need investment ) if the eurozone reliefs all their debt you wo n't notice it until 2020 . 
  because that 's when the first eurozone loan matures . 
  the first installment for the esfs is due in february 2023 . 
  until then greece has to pay back a lot of debt that is not owned by the eurozone . 
  until january 2016 , greece has to pay treasury bill holders 14.8 billion euro . 
  this year the imf wants 5 billion euro from greece , and the ecb would like to get back 6.6 billion as well . 
  and it continues the next years in a similar way , but with way lower installments . 
  that all is money the eurozone ca n't relief . 
  they have to give greece money so greece can give it to the creditors . 
  wsj has a [ nice chart ] ( http://graphics.wsj.com/greece-debt-timeline/ ) that shows when debt is due . 
  everything that is n't eurozone ( yellow ) or efsf ( dark blue ) can not be relieved by the eu/eurozone , the eu/ez has to actually take money so they can pay back other creditors . 
  france should have offered some collateral as guarantee for the loans . 
  so for the sake of an argument , let 's assume the sovereign gets its will . 
  greeks decide against austerity . 
  the government follows that decision . 
  troika says `` no austerity , no deal '' . 
  what now ? 
  default ? 
  okay . 
  greece defaults . 
  and issues a new currency . 
  the 500 $ pension will be converted to a 500 drachma pension . 
  5 minutes later devaluation kicks in and the pensioner can buy 480 $ with his 500 drachmas . 
  since pensioners do n't want pension cuts ( in real value ) , the greek government has to raise the value of the pension back to 500 $ since they do n't have euros and ca n't get loans they have to print more drachmas . 
  the pensioner now gets 550 drachmas , which are again 500 $ . 
  5 minutes later the 550 drachmas can only buy 470 $ . 
  what now ? 
  more money . 
  good . 
  pensions are now 600 drachma , which are again 500 $ . 
  5 minutes later 600 drachma are only worth 430 $ . 
  how long does the sovereign continue that anti austerity course ? 
  until every pensioner is a quadrillionaire ? 
  in greeks case , austerity is a necessity . 
  that does n't change no matter how many people vote against it . 
  even sensible creditors require that the loan takers want to pay debt back , because it has severe consequences to default . 
   i hope the greeks give them hell . 
  revolting great idea . 
  let 's crash the most important part of greece economy . 
  tourists do n't like revolts . 
  for every molotov that was thrown tonight , 50 vacations will be cancelled within the next days . 
  this is the inellectual depth of the debate in germany, 
  anti austerity is a phantasy that is n't an option for greece . 
  it 's either austerity imposed by troika , or austerity imposed by default and devaluation . 
  they 'll pay anyway . 
  the government seems to think that it 's better to pay in a planned fashion inside the eurozone . 
  i think so . 
  it 's probably not worth it though . 
  you are doing the second step before the first . 
  that 's the correct order : 1 . crash economy 2 . negotiate bailout, 
  we 're probably waiting until the eu forces us . 
  i 'm not even kidding . 
  like a decade ago i asked a high profile politician from the ministry of transport , why the traffic code still forbids battery powered lights for bicycles . 
  he said something like `` we know it 's outdated , we know everyone is ignoring it , but we 're not going to change it . 
  too much work . 
  eu will harmonize these laws in a couple of years , we 'll update the traffic code then '' . 
  not sure if the eu has harmonized the regulations , but germany changed the law in 2013 . 
   edit : also , i 'm missing germany in that list ... that means we will join the east european union . 
  send me some , i pay shipping, 
  next year , please choose royalty free music . 
   unfortunately , this video is not available in your country because it could contain music from sme , for which we could not agree on conditions of use with gema . 
   and 2 ) that i do not speak greek . 
  indeed . 
  it seems greek businesses are missing out on the opportunity that is offered by the eu . 
  if we cut out the importer , i could probably pay less , while the manufacturer in greece would receive more money . 
  but many small businesses do n't have embraced the opportunities the eu offers . 
  i 've talked to food manufacturers in france and spain who told me that shipping to germany is too complicated , so they are n't interested . 
  they should have pushed for buying more greek goods instead . 
  but i guess that 's too positive for twitter activists, 
  be careful or you might be the example in his next m\u00e9tathread . 
   what arguments does tsipras or other greek political leaders have for decades of hardship ahead ? 
   none other than , `` it 's either this , or nothing as we fall apart as a state '' . 
  in many ways , it 's the same for the eu . 
  many eu-citizens in richer countries , believe they could do very good without the eu . 
  some even believe their country would be better outside of the eu . 
  there 's not that perceived choice between hardship and more hardship that greece is facing . 
  if countries like germany , france or the uk leave the eu to join eea , it would n't change that much for them . 
  they would lose some advantages and some disadvantages . 
  for such countries the stance on eu integration is driven more by idealism than necessity . 
  at least it is perceived that way by the individual citizens . 
  it 'll be very hard to push for more integration without changing the peoples mind about the european project . 
  as long as it 's lazy southerners vs. work addicted northerners , or refugee inviting westerners vs. immigrant hating easterners it wo n't happen . 
  and we did n't even have the internet . 
  we had to use magazines and softcore erotica that was broadcasted on tv . 
  leaders still need good arguments though . 
  and i honestly do n't see many that could outweigh the arguments of the opposite side . 
  net contributors complain that they 'll finance the inabilities of others and lose sovereignty . 
  net receivers complain that they 'll lose sovereignty and will be ruled by technocrats who do n't understand the `` the hardship of the life in $ country '' . 
  europe is simply not ready for more integration . 
  if the eu is able to enact a fair refugee quota system you can start dreaming of a political union . 
  yeah . 
  let 's go full retard and enact laws so people have to prove that most of their ancestors are eu-blood to be considered eu-reichsb\u00fcrger . 
  greece received 107 billion euro debt forgiveness in 2012 .
