  [ eu readies for refugee quota plan amid opposition from some members ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/eu-readies-for-refugee-quota-plan-amid-opposition-from-some-members/a-18439942 )  date : may 8 , 2015   ** hungary , slovakia and estonia rejected the eu 's plan to introduce a system to distribute refugees ** coming from conflict zones in africa and the middle east . 
  the opposition to the idea came shortly before the european commission was scheduled to present a migration policy on may 13 . 
  the eu parliament had already voted in favor of the plans . 
  -- [ russia 's gazprom to expand nord stream gas pipeline with e.on , shell , omv ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/06/18/energy-gazprom-pipeline-idusl5n0z42ob20150618 )  date : jun 18 , 2015   russian gas giant gazprom has agreed to build a new pipeline to germany under the baltic sea with a trio of western energy companies , bringing europe closer into moscow 's energy orbit . 
  so slovakia rejected a eu proposal to distribute refugees in may . 
  and a multi-national consortium of western european companies agreed to build nordstream 2 in june . 
  betrayal and solidarity ... 
  spamming the internet with `` last week this guy was isis and now he is a \\ #refugee !, 
  \\ #refugeeswelcome \\ #germany '' is not being cautious . 
  it 's using someone who might hate isis as much as you do for anti-asylum propaganda . 
  you want to be cautious ? 
  inform the authorities if you recognize someone who posed with a gun . 
  on a scale from [ this guy ] ( http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/660/cpsprodpb/a276/production/_85409514_syriarefugee1.png ) to osama bin laden , how sure are we that the guy in your photo is a terrorist ? 
  because the guy that was posing in isis photos according to peter lee goodchild was not really isis . 
  [ this viral photo falsely claims to show an is fighter posing as a refugee ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-trending-34176631 ) inb4 : does n't matter , brown guys with guns want to kill all westerners, 
  allow telekom 10 years exclusive access on infrastructure they build and you will get your broadband expansion . 
  you really love to editorialize titles , do n't you ? 
   i have n't heard of any europeans rioting seriously ? 
  you have never heard about things like football hooliganism ? 
  too young to remember daniel nivel ? 
  the french policemen that was almost killed by german hooligans after a group match between germany and yugoslavia in the worldcup 1998 ? 
  last year we took 200,000 asylum seekers , this year we 're already at 200,000 . 
  yet incidents like that are so rare that people feel the need to repost a three week old news article . 
   its pretty hard to find anything slower than 100mbps . 
  big city folk wo n't understand our struggle . 
  \\ -- written on a 2 mbps dsl connection . 
  if your propaganda starts to contradict previous `` news '' you should fire your pr team . 
   we will flood europe with 500,000 refugees !, 
   we will send fighters to europe !, 
   muslims that go to europe are committing sin !, 
  that video of refugees traveling on a train to germany looks exactly like a video from 2011 that was filmed in a bus in france . 
  for a moment i thought if tearing apart korans is the new favorite pasttime in german refugee centers . 
  nope . 
  just old news . 
  the various ticket options make it easier to write articles that fit your viewpoint . 
  -- berlin - hamburg regular price : 78 $ saver price : 31 $ , 39 $ or 45 $ -- new york - baltimore flexible : $ 151 value : $ 77 saver : $ 52 -- for more yurop  usa they should have compared the 31 $ price to the $ 151 price . 
  `` threatened by poverty '' according to the eu definition ? 
  having an income of 60 % or less of the median equivalence income in the country ? 
  to make it more comprehensible , in germany you are threatened by poverty if you have an income of 980 $ or less per month . 
  in norway you are threatened by poverty if you have an income of 2145 $ or less per month . 
  in romania you are threatened by poverty with a monthly income of 103 $ or less . 
   did n't sweden start muslim immigration around mid 70s ? 
  yeah . 
  let 's start the correlation . 
  see that increase right after 2004 and 2007 ? 
  in 2004 , cyprus , malta , estonia , latvia , lithuania , poland , hungary , the czech republic , slovakia and slovenia gained freedom of movement in sweden . 
  and in 2007 , bulgaria and romania were added to sweden 's freedom of movement pool . 
  and you see how it went down in and shortly after 1994 ? 
  that 's when the eu-13 ( eu15 sans sweden and denmark ) gained freedom of movement in sweden . 
  am i doing this right ? 
  correlating things is a great hobby . 
   addressing parliamentarians in his annual `` state of the union '' speech in strasbourg , mr juncker defended his personal role during seven months of crisis talks with athens but said any new government would have to fully abide by the punishing conditions laid out by its creditors . 
    `` it was important that [ the greeks ] understood that they would not be saved at any cost , '' he said of the third bail-out agreement , reached in july . 
    `` i want the programme to be respected by all future greek governments . 
  we are serious and for real . 
  we need respect for arrangements that have been reached . '', 
  sounds reasonable . 
  if greece does n't follow the deal it agreed upon in july , they have to live with the consequences . 
  greece agreed on the bail-out agreement . 
  of course they have to do what is written in that agreement . 
  how do you think this should work ? 
  should a country be allowed to not follow current treaties just because they elected a new government ? 
  if they do n't follow the third bailout agreement , they receive a fourth ? 
  and of course this time they will follow it . 
  so the eurozone sends some money to greece so they can pay their debt . 
  and a week later , new elections . 
  and now a fifth bailout-agreement is needed because the new government does n't like the fourth deal . 
  and of course we 'll agree on everything . 
  because the eu will keep greece in the euro at all costs . 
   if greece , italy and hungary have no means to accommodate however many refugees , why do they open their border to those people in the first place ? 
  nobody opens up it 's border . 
  the asylum seekers appear on european soil . 
  or they appear in european waters . 
  or they sink their boat and send a distress signal so european navies rescue them . 
  and because bringing them back to libya would be against various international treaties , the navies bring them to europe . 
  and if you want to send them back you have to process their asylum application first . 
  otherwise you violate the human rights of them . 
  and during that process you have to host them , you have to feed them , you have to guarantee them their human rights . 
  and of course asylum seekers have the right to appeal your decision . 
  so this process takes months . 
  and in these months you received so many new asylum seekers that the pile of unprocessed applications grows . 
  soon you have hundred-thousands waiting for their asylum decision . 
  and once you decided to bring them back you have to arrange their deportation . 
  you have to talk to their home country , you have to convince these countries to take them back , you have to fill out a fuckton of papers . 
  and then you have to actually transport them back . 
  in germany the cost for deporting an asylum seekers are in the ten-thousands . 
  and if you have bad luck you are dealing with countries like tunisia , who refuse to cooperate . 
  they wo n't acknowledge that these tunesians are their citizens . 
  `` close the border '' and `` do n't accept them '' my ass . 
  if you do n't want to go north korea and ignore human rights you will spend a fuckton of money , time and space to try that . 
  hundred-thousands of asylum applications are a big problem for every member country , even germany . 
  this is a eu problem , and it needs a eu solution . 
  not everyone can afford fancy tunnels . 
  because the refugee situation started two weeks ago ? 
  before that monday it was all calm . 
  no refugee to be seen anywhere . 
  and then germany announced that it will not send asylum seekers back to countries like hungary , italy and greece . 
  and hell broke lose . 
  now everyone and their father ( because no women ) tries to come to europe . 
  you can see what this sub has become when it 's really hard to decide if it 's a case of severe xenophobia or sarcasm .
