  germany will vote against every single nuclear power plant . 
  austria will at least veto plants in neighbouring countries . 
  not sure what the stance of other countries are . 
  the netherlands are at least unhappy with belgiums tihage . 
  but belgium will phase out nuclear anyway . 
  but it 's a can of worms that nobody wants to open . 
  it 's one thing to argue that south stream violates eu competition rules and that the contracts have to be changed and then the project can happen . 
  it 's a totally different beast to argue that nord stream 2 has to be stopped because it endangers the security of eastern europe , and nothing can be changed to make the project approvable . 
  who knows what other projects besides nuclear energy can be interpreted as dangerous for the security of member countries . 
  lawyers have a lot of phantasy . 
  definitely not because of lng . 
  the eu already has 23 large scale lng terminals , with a combined capacity of around 200 bcm per year . 
  spain alone has 62 bcm annual capacity ( another 7 bcm in hibernation ) , uk has 43 bcm , france 35 bcm . 
  the terminal croatia builds has a capacity of 10 bcm , which can be increased to 15 bcm . 
  \u015awinouj\u015bcie in poland has a current capacity of 5 bcm , which can be increased to 7.5 bcm . 
  so we are looking at 22.5 bcm max . 
  once the other lng terminals that are currently built and planned ( even german companies have non-concrete plans for 2 terminal ) that will till be less than 10 % of the eu capacity . 
  i do n't see how one can argue that merkel is afraid of lng imports . 
  because only pis believes that reorganization of the court system means every single change in the juridicial . 
  reorganization of the court system means that you shift responsibilities from one court to another . 
  what sense would that part of the constitution make if every single change in the juridical would allow them to fire judges ? 
  all they had to do was to enact stupid laws that change tiny things . 
  you want to fire all judges ? 
  then make a law that changes the font size in law books . 
  that 's totally a reorganization of the court system . 
  you are all fired . 
  that 's not how separation of powers works . 
   and you doubt what exactly ? 
  have you even read my posting ? 
  it 's in there . 
  reorganization of the court system means to shift responsibilities from one court to another court . 
  it does n't mean `` to change something related to the judicial '' . 
  otherwise it would be useless to have that passage at all . 
  because if the government wants to dismiss all judges all they had to do was to introduce a tiny change in the judicial system . 
   we just want to have solutions similarly like in germany . 
  - why so much hate against polish government ? 
  because like many poles you ignore 2 of the 3 proposed laws . 
  germany does not purge judges . 
  poland wanted to . 
  the president vetoed these two laws that would have allowed the government to do that . 
  in germany the only way for a judge to get dismissed before the end of their tenure is because of breach of duty , dishonourable behaviour , or due to certain criminal convictions , for example to a prison sentence of 12 months or more . 
  except in the cases of criminal convictions , there 'll be a court that decides if the judge should be dismissed . 
  turn that into a law and nobody will complain . 
  but if you want to make a law that dismisses every single judge except those that got the okay from the justice minister , you will be rightfully accused of undermining separation of powers and the rule of law . 
  13 % of the natural gas germany used in 2016 was burned in power plants . 
  38 % was used by the industry . 
  31 % in households . 
  15 % by non-manufacturing businesses , 3 % for district heating . 
  and we could n't even replace these 13 % . 
  because for technical ( xenon poisoning ) and economic ( fuel is the cheapest part of a nuclear power plant ) reasons nuclear power plants are base load producers . 
  nuclear power plants run on 100 % energy output basically all the time . 
  on top of that you need power plants that can react to changes in the amount of electricity that is produced and used . 
  gas turbines are among the plants that can react to changes the fastest . 
  most likely bulgaria , romania , hungary , slovakia and greece wo n't vote against a gazprom project without solid reason . 
  they want to connect to turkish stream , which is another gazprom project . 
  but because multiple countries want new pipeline projects with russia , the most likely outcome is that there wo n't be a vote at all . 
  i think pretty much everyone except poland would be happy if there was n't a vote . 
  because then nobody has to take sides , and more importantly , there would n't be votes about future projects either . 
  i doubt that many want to open the can of worms of required approval from the commission for national energy infrastructure projects . 
  you want to build a nuclear plant ? 
  well , half of the eu countries are against it . 
  tough luck . 
  the question is not who publicly supported the project but who publicly opposes the project . 
  royal dutch shell and omv are involved in the project . 
  austria owns 31.5 % of omv . 
  does the dutch royal family still hold 25 % of shell ? 
  what 's tsi ? 
  turkish stream or tesla ? 
  both are gazprom projects . 
  so why should austria vote against nord stream 2 if they risk that germany votes against turkish stream respectively tesla ? 
  so we are not only running the eu , we are also running every single eu member . 
  awesome . 
  i feel like that jew that read the st\u00fcrmer in the bus . 
  the reason why people are n't sent back is most often because their home countries do n't want to take them back . 
  if you have a proper camp in libya , that camp will certainly not refuse to accept them . 
  what about romania ? 
  the azerbaijan -- georgia -- romania interconnector ( last part via lng vessel ) will end in constan\u021ba . 
  ready to regasify lng to export it to europe . 
  why would n't they add a couple billion cubic meters in capacity more so the hungarian connection to turkish stream becomes unnecessary . 
  the whole germany runs eu meme and germany was against south stream ? 
  while merkel urged bulgaria to seek new talks with russia in december 2014 ? 
  [ reuters ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-bulgaria-gas-southstream-iduskbn0jt1ni20141215 ), 
  i 'm not an expert in polish constitutional law , but i doubt that . 
  we basically have the exact same thing in our basic law :  in the event of changes in the structure of courts or in their districts , judges may be transferred to another court or removed from office , provided they retain their full salary . 
  what boundaries of a court district means should be obvious . 
  reorganization of the court system means that the responsibilities of a court are shifted somewhere else . 
  for example we closed the bundesdisziplinargericht in 2004 . 
  it 's responsibilities were shifted to administrative courts . 
  so the judges from the bundesdisziplinargericht were either transferred to another court or they were removed from office while retaining their salary . 
  as i said , not an expert , but i doubt that changing the selection procedure of judges can qualify as `` reorganization of the court system '' . 
  court system refers to actual courts , not their judges . 
  -- maybe i missed another law that actually reorganizes courts , but even then firing them may not be against the letter of the law , but it would certainly be against the spirit of the law . 
   a serious dispute began in march 2005 over the price of natural gas supplied and the cost of transit . 
  during this conflict , russia claimed ukraine was not paying for gas , but diverting that which was intended to be exported to the eu from the pipelines . 
  ukrainian officials at first denied the accusation , but later naftogaz admitted that natural gas intended for other european countries was retained and used for domestic needs . 
    [ ... ]   in january 2009 , this disagreement resulted in supply disruptions in many european nations , with eighteen european countries reporting major drops in or complete cut-offs of their gas supplies transported through ukraine from russia . 
   and why not wait for polish lng ? 
  too little capacity to replace russian gas even for poland . 
  \u015awinouj\u015bcie currently has an annual regasification capacity of 5 billion cubic meters ( bcm ) , if they build the third tank they can raise that to 7.5 bcm . 
  in 2016 poland imported 11 bcm gas from russia .
