  1.8 million passengers used the airport . 
  [ source ( german ) ] ( http://www.finanzen.sachsen.de/download/2013_ja_flughafen_dresden.pdf ) in 2012 , 17 of the 18 german regional airports that are run by the public sector accumulated a net loss . 
  and if the parent company of the weeze airport would n't have waived a 1.4 million euro claim 18 of these 18 airports would have run a loss . 
  so the weeze airport could run a profit of 300,000 euro . 
  all 18 combined , accumulated losses of 152 million euro . 
  they can not survive without money from the government . 
  [ source ( german ) ] ( http://www.zukunft-mobilitaet.net/84759/flugverkehr/verluste-regionalflughaefen-2012-weeze-dortmund-dresden-luebeck-kassel-calden-leipzig-frankfurt-hahn/ ) there is a reason that there was n't a bidder that offered more than fraport . 
  if these airports were as profitable as you seem to believe others would have made a bid that is higher . 
   i had an idea which would solve some problems , but is bit unhumanitarian . 
  to all those illegalls offer legal migrant status if they let them self to be sterilized . 
  they get a fair chance for peaceful life . 
  and when they pass there will be place for one more . 
  without the following poppulation explosion that would follow and racket the whole economy . 
  i 'm not sure what i should say to this . 
  but i have to full-quote these european values for future readers . 
  so how much profit do these airports generate ? 
  i do n't speak greek , so i think i wo n't be able to find the earning reports of these airports . 
  can you help ? 
  nobody wants to send people that already have received asylum to other countries . 
  other countries should take asylum seekers . 
  and then they have to process their asylum requests . 
  and once that is done they can deport every single person that is not eligible for asylum or subsidiary protection . 
  and only people that qualify for protection must be protected by the country . 
  basically . 
  but i think showing the reality would be enough . 
  i lived next to a asylum seeking family from kosovo . 
  they fell for lies that were told by a `` distant relative '' . 
  he told them that they 'll receive asylum in germany . 
  they would get a nice apartment . 
  the father could work pretty much immediately . 
  he would work hard , but earn good money . 
  soon they would be able to afford a nice german car . 
  the small kids would go to kindergarten , school and later university . 
  all for free . 
  the whole ordeal . 
  basically paradise . 
  and all they have to do is to fill out forms . 
  it suffices to say that the distant relative referred them to a `` friend '' who required a small fee to help them come to germany . 
  we can . 
  and we actually do . 
  well ... at least some states do . 
  the problem is that it takes months until their application is rejected finally . 
  it 's like you live in a street , a very long street . 
  on one end of the street there are homeless people , we call that side the west . 
  and on the other end of the street there is a gang that likes to cause trouble in the neighborhood , we call that side the east . 
  recently the gang has become more violent . 
  so the side with the gang asks for assistance because they are afraid that the gang will rob their houses . 
  and the rest of the street agrees that the behavior of the gang is unacceptable . 
  so they come up with the idea to stop trading with the gang . 
  because they believe that the gang will stop their behavior when they run out of money . 
  so every family that lives along this long street stops selling things to the gang , and the income of many families along the street decreases . 
  the east end of the street is not in a good shape . 
  it suffered from decades of mismanagement . 
  so years ago the street has set up a system that helps the less developed parts to improve their infrastructure . 
  so the whole street pays some money into a fund . 
  that fund is mainly used by the east so it can build a bus stop that is as fancy as the bus stop on the west end of the street . 
  everyone agrees that these financial help is necessary , because we all live in the same street . 
  and it 's important that we help families that have less . 
  at the same time the west end of the street has to deal with many homeless people . 
  so they ask the east end of the street if they are willing to help . 
  but the east end says `` not our problem , the homeless people are on your side of the street '' . 
  and then they continue `` and by the way . 
  we do n't feel safe , we need a police station on our side . 
  it should be staffed and paid by the whole street . 
  because we are all living in the same street . 
  we have to show solidarity with each other . '', 
  how about this : we make a list with countries that do n't wish to participate in this craziness . 
  and the next time a country requests help from the eu we look at that list . 
  and if the country is on that list we say `` we do n't wish to participate in this craziness '' . 
  in theory . 
  40 % of our current asylum seekers are from the west balkan countries . 
  average protection quota for asylum applicants from these countries is less than 0.5 % . 
  and it has been this way for years . 
  yet the numbers of asylum seekers from the balkans are raising . 
  if that someone is an asylum seeker , yes . 
  they were disgusted by 9/11 and wanted to help fight against the taliban . 
  and of course these countries do n't want to be isolated . 
  there are n't that many chances to international cooperation in the military field . 
  so they took the chance and offered their help to isaf . 
  the armenian soldiers worked under german command . 
  they were trained by the german army , they wore german uniforms with armenian insignia , and they carried german weapons and material . 
  does n't matter . 
  the things you read in the article have historical context as well . 
  poles received asylum in the west , that matters . 
  but okay , i 'll accept that this does n't count . 
  so how about afghanistan ? 
  poland was involved in afghanistan . 
  is poland willing to accept asylum seekers from afghanistan ? 
  i know , i know . 
  afghanistan was shit before isaf intervened . 
  it 's totally not the fault of isaf that people from afghanistan seek asylum in europe . 
  it 's a result of colonialism that the number of asylum seekers from afghanistan has increased after 2001 . 
  so how about iraq ? 
  poland was involved in iraq . 
  the same iraq that is now home of isis . 
  poland 's problem , or not ? 
  `` we did n't have colonies '' is a shitty excuse . 
  why not ? 
  between 2001 and 2011 ireland contributed 130 troops to isaf . 
  so i guess it 's 7 personnel that rotates every 6 months ?!,
