  the best fumes . 
  very goodly . 
  where exactly ? 
  eu net migration to germany is already much higher than to uk . 
  then the uk has to stop leaving the eu or join the schengen area . 
  because if that etias scheme is enacted , non-eu travellers from outside the schengen zone who travel visa-free to the schengen area will be subject to it . 
  there wo n't be an exception for the uk . 
  the irony of such an exception would be quite strong . 
  brits complain because the eu does n't protect its border enough , and when the eu starts to do that they complain because brits are subject to measures that will improve border security . 
  poland does n't want to allow us to use their death camps . 
  and 90 % plus more do n't hate the uk . 
  government debt is owed to people , companies and institutions ( both public and private ) that bought government issued bonds and securities . 
  there are pension funds that buy government bonds . 
  insurances invest in government bonds . 
  banks and other companies buy them . 
  even individuals can buy bonds . 
  the government pays interest on these bonds , so they are a financial investment like stocks or real estate . 
  in practice it 's unlikely that the 15 $ schengen-esta fee that you have to pay every 2 years will have a noticeable effect on tourism . 
  do you realise that indians in the uk work in skilled jobs and appear so intelligent because only these particular indians are allowed to enter the country because of visa regulations ? 
  if you only allow skilled migration , you will only meet skilled people . 
  if you have freedom of movement with india you will suddenly meet plenty of indian plumbers , beggars and thieves . 
  and in germany it 's a annex iii drug ; you might as well be carrying speed . 
  because amphetamine is a annex iii drug as well . 
  for example cocaine is a annex iii drug as well . 
  illegal to possess without prescription . 
  according to the imf , gdp ppp per capita in bulgaria , the poorest eu country , is 20,116 int$ . 
  it 's 6,658 int$ in india . 
  5,930 in nigeria . 
  5,120 in pakistan and 3,891 in bangladesh . 
  these 4 countries are all part of the commonwealth of nations and have a total population of 1.8 billion people . 
  uk for comparison has a ppp gdp per capita of 42,514 int$ . 
  i 'm not sure how the uk could get rid of rules of origin if they want to export anything . 
  trade deals will contain very specific requirements for preferential treatment . 
  neither the eu , nor the us or australia will allow the uk to become a transhipment hub . 
  all three have punitive tariffs on chinese steel , and they wo n't be happy if the uk ca n't tell the origin of a piece of steel that is imported into their countries . 
  in fact they do n't even need a trade deal for that . 
  while the wto does n't specify how the origin of a product has to be determined , other countries will challenge the uk if they just put a `` made in uk '' label on everything they export . 
   that 'll severely limit the uk 's access to the single market , because the eu negotiators will have to make provisions for preventing the uk becoming a gateway for chines dumping into the single market . 
  because trade deals always contain rules of origin legislation to distinguish goods that will be treated preferential from goods that wo n't . 
  only products that originate in the uk would fall under preferential trade rules . 
  fun fact : switzerland has a trade agreement with china while being a participant in the eu single market . 
  uk , france and even fucking poland have basically begged germany to spend more on its military . 
  and small banks, 
  -- but he 's just an edgelord anyway . 
   it was founded by an economist who did n't want germany to continue adopting the $ . 
  who left the party in july 2015 after they enacted a resolution to become much more social-conservative , anti-establishment and anti-immigrant . 
  what specific curriculum are you talking about ? 
  which state , which school system ? 
  i want to see that curriculum that only talks about german guilt with my own eyes . 
  i was not talking about reddit . 
  i was talking about the afd members and afd voters that applauded h\u00f6cke in dresden . 
  nothing to see here . 
  just concerned citizens that have economic anxiety because of the unregulated influx of asylum seekers . 
  i doubt that we would even be able to spend 2 % within 5 years without literally ( the literal one ) burning money . 
   yes , the german military is really small , but i do n't think it would be looking nice if germany were to keep a powerful military force . 
  according to whom ? 
  basically all our former enemies have begged us to do more . 
  even fucking poland . 
  it would be very nice if not every decision by our partners is met with `` oh shit , oh shit , the dutch will end the deployments of their helicopters , what are we going to do if one of our soldiers is wounded . 
  what are we gon na do ??? 
  do we have to lower our commitment ?!, 
  man we should have bought some helicopters that can fly . '', 
  if every country would think like that nato would be quite small , and thus would not be able to prevent an invasion . 
  denmark has 3 , ireland 2 , poland 1 , and the uk has 4 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opt-outs_in_the_european_union, 
   dear german taxpayers , why are you financing such mediocre and useless products i must have checked the wrong box on my tax declaration . 
  sorry , wo n't happen again . 
   the british government pays to educate them , then they move to the eu to work and live . 
  you mean they move to eu to get their education and then move back to uk . 
   it would be vastly superior if russia entered into some kind of agreement with the eu . 
  let 's start with the minsk ii agreement . 
  i would n't worry for now . 
  the most likely outcome will be that people currently living will receive a permanent residence permit in their host countries . 
  eu citizens do n't need a visa at all to retire in spain . 
  they just have to register with the municipality . 
  there are neither mandatory region restrictions nor duties on digital goods . 
  but businesses that sell digital goods to eu customers are legally required to pay vat for that purchase in the country of the buyer . 
  it 's the same if the seller is in eu . 
   not that this does n't work in our interests , because we have the upper hand and we could cause extreme havoc in southern europe with all their immigrants here . 
  do you want to force your citizens to move back to the uk ? 
  otherwise i do n't understand how you can have the upper hand because brits choose to move to southern europe . 
  migration and residence rights are the sole responsibility of the member states . 
  though there are some common minimum rules , in the end it 's the individual countries that make the rules . 
  at leat if its about third country nationals , i.e. 
  people who are n't eu/eea/swiss citizens . 
  the retirees will most likely get a permanent residence permit . 
  this one is only valid for spain , but it allows them to travel to other eu countries ( for 90 days in every 180 day period , i believe ) . 
  spain handing out permanent residence permits to retirees would n't be different from hungary handing out residence permits for people who invest a couple tenthousand euro into a government bond . 
  `` somehow '' means `` like switzerland '' they have an open border because they are in schengen , yet they are n't in the eu customs union . 
  it 's like in the airport . 
  red exit if you have something to declare , green exit if you have nothing to declare . 
  no systematic checks when you go through green exit . 
  and if you have nothing to declare you do n't even have to use the manned border checkpoint , you can cross the border wherever you want . 
  like switzerland . 
  migration and residence rights are a sole responsibility of the individual member states . 
  there are common rules for eu/eea/swiss citizen , but besides that each country makes its own rules . 
  neither germany nor the eu can grant residence rights to people residing in spain . 
  same goes for the opposite , neither germany nor the eu can kick out people residing in spain . 
   they make no effort at all to integrate into the country and instead isolate themselves into like minded groups . 
  and how is that illegal ? 
   why would the uk be treated differently than switzerland or norway ?
