  the law still applies even to people who have violated the law . 
  similar to how a police officer ca n't punch you in the face just because you broke the law . 
  because laws should n't apply if it gets inconvenient to apply them . 
   there is no ~ ~ political will ~ ~ legal way to deport people when you have no idea where they came from . 
  fixed that for you . 
  greetings , the european court of human rights . 
   david cameron was sensible to only take syrian women and children from approved unhcr camps in turkey almost every eu country participated in unhcr resettlement . 
  not from turkey , but from jordan and lebanon . 
  did n't stop anyone from coming . 
   and that they could not delay adjusting the station height ( not really sure why it 's so urgently needed for it to be ` wheelchair friendly ' if it has n't been all this time ) . 
  because construction companies that do these kind of work are usually fully booked for years . 
  you either do it now , or you do n't do it until 2019 . 
  - how do we stop crimes ? 
  - it 's easy !, 
  stop people from committing crimes !, 
  that 's the anticipated outcome of a proposed solution , not a solution . 
  from whom are you hearing that ? 
  so you think all those `` new germans '' will vote for a christian party in the future ? 
  you must be delusional . 
   nationalism makes no sense for pakistanis in germany . 
  166 of the 2,015 asylum applications of pakistanis that were decided in 2015 ended in a status that allows them to get citizenship . 
  that 's not a lot of voters even if we assume that 100 % of them fulfill the requirements of gaining citizenship . 
  pick one : 1 . the majority of asylum seekers will never work and they will forever be a strain on the welfare system 2 . the majority of asylum seekers will be able to support their families without relying on welfare the latter is a prerequisite to become german citizen . 
  which is a prerequisite to vote in elections . 
  the amish do . 
  if amish mafia is to be trusted . 
  soon , as in maybe 1 or 2 hours . 
  1756 of 1896 electoral regions are counted . 
   on the plus side . 
  the afd now can show the public what they would actually do if they were given some power . 
  afd is part of the parliament of saxony since 2014 . 
  and they are pretty much useless . 
   however csu 's horst seehofer said , he does n't know if he will support merkel as the cdu/csu candidate . 
  and merkel so : cdu will run in bavaria . 
  enjoy . 
  if it 's similar to the last state elections it 's very likely that they have even gained votes . 
  two choices . 
  you either allow the eu to control your borders . 
  or you are responsible for everyone you let in . 
  the proposal that the eu can deploy frontex border control agents to greece to secure the outer eu border was met with `` oxi !, 
  nazi merkel wants to invade us !!!, 
  this is a coup ! '', 
  turkey is not in the eu . 
  turkey is not part of the dublin regulations . 
   letting people in to your country without any checks whatsoever is mind boggling to me that 's what hungary did . 
  more than 200,000 people requested asylum in hungary in 2015 . 
  highest per capita in the whole eu . 
  if you actually remember september , the eu proposed refugee quota system was actually meant to distribute refugees from greece , italy and hungary to other eu countries . 
  but hungary let them leave to austria . 
  and then hungary said they would not accept refugees back that entered the eu via hungary , i.e. 
  they stopped applying the dublin regulations . 
  the savior of the eu . 
  lol, 
  do n't take public funding and you wo n't be covered by that law . 
  i 'm pretty sure the chinese government can afford to pay for subscriptions to scientific journals . 
   what i find the most surprising is that the communist regime did n't think of this . 
  prora was used by the gdr military . 
  for example the only airborne forces of the gdr were based in prora until 1982 . 
  a couple hundred '' [ construction soldiers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/construction_soldier ) '' were also based in prora . 
  part of the area was used as a training ground for what is now known as urban warfare . 
  there was also a school where the gdr military trained soldiers from countries like mozambique or ethiopia . 
  the southern most part of the building complex was actually used as a vacation spot for the family of soldiers . 
   it would have been an excellent way to keep workers happy - job well done , you get a weekend at rugen . 
  that happened . 
  just not in prora . 
  but there were plenty [ fdgb ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_german_trade_union_federation ) vacation places in r\u00fcgen . 
  depending on country , you are imagining very wrong . 
  right now a british plumber can come to germany and start working ( as an employee ) . 
  in a post-brexit world where the uk is treated like any other third country , the british plumber needs a university degree , and a job that pays at least 49,600 euro per year . 
   the vast majority of germans would never put a summer vacation anywhere in germany over one in greece or turkey . 
   where have you been on vacation in the last 12 months :   - 8.8 % spain  - 8.5 % baltic sea  - 7.9 % italy  - 7.7 % austria  - 7.7 % bavaria  - 6.6 % north sea  - 6.5 % turkey  - 4.2 % berlin  - 3.8 % france  - 3.3 % czech republic/slovakia/poland / russia/baltics  - 3.1 % benelux  - 3.1 % baden-wuerttemberg  - 3.1 % denmark/sweden/norway / finland/iceland  - 2.8 % slovenia , croatia  - 2.6 % greece, 
  it 'll be over by christmas . 
  just like the first one . 
  what exactly do these two things have in common ? 
  besides both being about money . 
  the question is why the brand of a corporation like apple should have a tradable value at all . 
  they can distribute actual occurred costs of marketing . 
  they can distribute actual occurred costs of re-branding efforts . 
  but why the fuck should apple germany pay apple ireland regularly so they can use the apple logo ? 
  these subsidiaries are n't independent businesses and we should stop treating them like that . 
  apple germany ca n't decide to not use the apple logo . 
  and since apple is n't a franchise , another business is n't allowed to open stores that feature a huge apple logo above their entrance . 
  the brand itself has currently no tradable value . 
  other goods and services should be treated similar . 
  if you pay unreasonable prices to a subsidiary these extra costs should n't be tax deductible . 
  easy ? 
  i own a company in germany , we create products which are sold exclusively to france and the uk . 
  where are my profits created ? 
  in germany , where my r&d and manufacturing is ? 
  or in france and the uk where they are sold ? 
  and should n't the latter be covered by sales taxes already ? 
  germany will argue that without a product there would be no sale , hence no profit . 
  france and the uk will argue without a customer there would n't be a sale , hence no profit . 
  the case where profit taxes are split by location of sale gets complicated pretty fast . 
  do i deduct half of my total costs in france and the uk ? 
  can i deduct more costs in france because i have to hire translators for the french version of my product ? 
  and germany would n't see any tax4s at all , why should they agree to such a taxation scheme ? 
  as in : taxing them more than people who do n't smoke . 
   or taxing them more something like a tobacco tax . 
  brilliant idea .
