  so if you require 5 different medications you end up with a pharmacy bill between 25 and 50 $ . 
  if your treatment is necessary because of a work related accident all costs are paid by the occupational accident insurance . 
  in that case your personal health insurance does n't pay anything , so you do n't have to pay them the 10 % . 
  but self employed people are part of the group that can get into private health insurance without the need to reach the required income for private health insurance . 
   now here comes the money . 
  if it 's medication you do n't really need ( like cough syrup for example ) you have to pay for it , but if it 's something you could n't live without ( drastically speaking ) you do n't need to pay . 
  in this case you just go to the pharmacy , show them your prescription and they 'll give you what you need , again no money needed . 
  not quite , at least not for public health insurances if the medication is not part of a treatment that is necessary because of a work ( which includes school and stuff like university ) related accident . 
  you pay full price for over-the-counter medication if you do n't have a prescription . 
  for prescription medication you pay a prescription fee of 10 % of the sales price , capped at 10 $ ( exceptions may apply ) , but the minimum you have to pay is 5 $ per prescribed medication . 
  you pay that fee in the pharmacy , and the pharmacy forwards it to your health insurance . 
  the 10 % rule is pretty much everywhere in the german public health system . 
  if you require physiotherapy you have to pay 10 % of the value the therapist bills the insurance . 
  if you require a taxi to travel home from the hospital you have to pay 10 % of the invoice as well . 
  if you stay in the hospital you have to pay 10 $ per day , capped at 28 days per year . 
  if you require transport in an ambulance you have to pay 10 $ per trip too . 
  if you have a chronic illness and would pay more than 1 % of your gross income in health fees you can get an exemption from these fees . 
  others get that exemption if they reach 2 % of gross income . 
  that fingerprint is not stored in a database . 
  it 's stored solely in the passport so border agencies can verify that the passport belongs to the person that has it . 
  because you are not an asylum seeker . 
  only asylum seekers and illegal border crossers are fingerprinted and stored in a eu wide database . 
  and that 's the fucking problem if people use immigrants instead of asylum seekers to highlight their personal believes . 
   as for solutions , one thing that needs to be done is biometric registration of every migrant and the database shared between the eu states . 
  why should a pole or a us citizen who move to germany be fingerprinted ? 
  what do they have to do with the current crisis ? 
  or do you mean that every asylum seeker and irregular border crosser should be fingerprinted and put in a eu wide database ? 
  if only people would use the proper terms ... and guess what . 
  that database is called eurodac and it exists since 2003 . 
  so you want to reward economic migrants with immediate access to the job market ? 
  which is exactly why the vast majority of economic migrants move to germany . 
  with your policy west balkan countries like kosovo , serbia and albania would be empty within a couple of months and the million asylum seekers in germany will look like a joke from the past . 
  because germany exports relatively more agricultural products than estonia and latvia ? 
   he should be deported to the first safe country he arrived in . 
  easier said then done . 
  because you have to prove which country that was . 
  every single unemployed eu citizen has the right to work in germany . 
  no overtures necessary . 
  young unemployed europeans just have to find companies where they can send their applications . 
  and not coincidentally , the federal agency for employment runs a website for foreign people who want to work in germany . 
  which has these job listings . 
   nor how is germany supposed to suffer a `` wave '' of such immigrants , as if there were millions of us . 
  if `` us '' means eu migrants then there actually are millions of `` you '' . 
  contrary to popular believe ( and their whining ) , the uk is not the country that attracts the most eu immigrants in the union , germany is . 
  in 2014 630,243 eu citizens ( sans german ) moved to germany . 
  290,934 moved away . 
  that 's a net migration of 340,000 people . 
  the year before we had a net migration of 300,000 people . 
  with all these migrants there has to be a negative impact on wages . 
  the question is if that future workforce will be able to offset the costs of the high skilled people that emigrate to a country that does n't have such stupid policies . 
  awesome idea . 
  so even more people who should n't have children get children . 
  maybe we should bring the mutterkreuz back too ? 
   are passport controls on the border sufficient to declare schengen dead ? 
  if they are not only temporary and if they are systematic , yes . 
  because schengen means `` no systematic border controls '' . 
  you are confusing eu free movement and schengen . 
  a eu citizen can travel freely to the uk and they only have to undergo an ordinary passport check . 
  yet the uk was never part of the schengen area . 
   bureaucracy , i guess . 
  they bring them to the eu because no other country will accept them . 
  the greek coastguard ca n't invade turkey to bring back people they intercepted on their way to greece . 
  if you have no place to take people that try to enter the country you ca n't protect sea borders without killing people . 
  people will drown if you do n't rescue them . 
  and if you rescue them they are your responsibility . 
   ( another question all-together is whether greece , spain and italy should have been part of schengen , eu and the monetary union to begin with . ), 
  be careful . 
  post-nokia finland is probably the next country that is put on that list of `` undesirable under-performers '' . 
  not for nato . 
  private copy , or as you call it personal copy , does not mean that a person can legally download something for his personal use . 
  it means that someone visits a friend , family member or a similar acquaintance and he can legally copy content that was bought ( or copied from another legal source ) by that other person . 
  in finland , it 's very likely legal to visit a friend with a flash drive to copy his whole legal music collection . 
  if you want to stay in the eea , you have to pick your country of refugee between cyprus , ireland , luxembourg , malta and the uk . 
   german police wo n't try to trick you to frame you with something you have n't done . 
  that 's exactly what they tried with me . 
  they value solved cases as much as their us colleagues . 
   hans at least i know that there 's a difference between the german word chef and the english word chef . 
  your english is on the same level as oettinger 's . 
   it 's the same in germany ... they replace their ard and zdf chefs as they like . 
  when was the last time they were replaced `` as they like '' ? 
   so germany , tell us more about vw and how german government departments suspected the manipulations but did n't want to act because germany is a big stake holder in vw . 
  every single public media outlet in germany already told us more about that . 
  that 's the whole point of having press freedom . 
  here are just two articles from ard and zdf , who have `` chefs '' [ sic ] that were placed by the current government . 
  amazon sells things , so they are a retail company , and everyone who works for amazon has to be paid according to the collective agreement for retail companies . 
  that 's how it works for the few other large retailers that survived amazon . 
  the workers who work in the shipping centers are paid according to collective agreements of the retail sector . 
  but because that would cost more , amazon germany , the company that sells goods , founded amazon logistics , a company that just commissions and ships goods . 
  -- if the german amazon workers are paid so badly , verdi should work to increase the wages for all workers in the logistics sector . 
  but they do n't do that , they just argue that amazon warehouse workers are amazon workers . 
  and lutz bachmann , the guy that called refugees \u201e viehzeug `` , \u201e dreckspack `` and \u201e gelumpe `` , is just another random guy that joined pegida . 
  in germany amazon pays their warehouse workers more than the minimum wage for warehouse workers , but less than the minimum wage for retail workers . 
  but somehow ver.di believes that , as you said , warehouse workers are retail workers . 
   note this movement is not against muslims on in an individual level . 
  indeed , that 's their ** official ** stance . 
  information as in hollywood movies and abc exclusive tv series . 
   if you happen upon a x-post or a mention , the right course of action is to message us about it . 
  do n't use the report button , do n't reply , do n't start public arguments . 
  he talks about undermining homogeneity . 
  which is a prerequisite for any form of successful migration .
