   the uk as the smaller partner will have to use whatever leverage it can to secure a decent deal . 
  business negotiations class 101 : do n't alienate your negotiation partner in hopes for a better deal . 
  because without him you wo n't get a deal at all . 
   there have been suggestions that the eu will attempt to make the negotiations as long , and as protracted as possible . 
  what 's good for the goose is good for the gander . 
  the eu has to find the best negotiators in the world as well . 
  and that takes time . 
  or to say it with british words `` we 'll start negotiation once we are ready preparing '' . 
   if the eu shuts down the uk 's veto , then the uk could move for a unilateral departure from the eu on the grounds of broken treaties . 
  if the uk wanted to depart so quickly it could have probably been out by now . 
  trigger article 50 , waive all rights , continue to pay what you owe ( e.g. 
  pensions ) and you can be out within a few months . 
  but in that case you wo n't get the things you like about the eu . 
  great attitude . 
  i ca n't understand how so many people want to `` punish '' ( where punish means threat them like every other third country ) the uk . 
  just do it . 
  it 's your legal right . 
  the uk wo n't stop a eu defense union . 
  all their veto will achieve is that it 's formally put into place only after the uk has left . 
  and there might be member countries that will be pissed because of the unnecessary british veto that delays the creation of such a union . 
  and they might then be intrigued to veto things during the article 50 negotiations . 
  but the uk has the best brexit-negotiators in the world , they know very well what they are doing . 
  the eu army wo n't come into existence within the next three years . 
  the uk wants to be out by then . 
  so why veto ? 
  why not abstain from voting on things that do n't affect the eu member uk ? 
  time to invoke article 50 and get these road-blocking bureaucrats out of your country !, 
  i still wonder how that cap would be implemented . 
  so we let in 200,000 people , and we tell asylum seeker 200,001 `` we ca n't let you in '' ? 
  and he will then go home ? 
  if that 's so easy why did we let in all these people that do n't have a right to asylum in the first place ? 
  a cap requires a constitution change , which requires a two-third majority . 
  60 % is still slightly less than 2/3 . 
  too bad . 
  donkeys work pretty good . 
  it was n't him who started talking about the oh so important specs . 
  apples a-series runs circles around exynos in single core performance . 
  the 1.66 ghz 8 core exynos 7420 achieved 1316 point ( single core ) respectively 4404 ( multi core ) in geekbench 3.3.2 . 
  the 2 core apple a9 achieved 2522 points respectively 4403 . 
  and that was last years iphone . 
  there actually are n't that many phones that perform better than the iphone . 
  they do . 
  and i 'm saying that as a long-time apple fanboi . 
  thanks to people like you who spread the truth . 
  thank you for your service . 
  which phone had similar specs 2 years ago ? 
  not thin plastic . 
  apple removed a few plastic softeners from their cable production process , because these chemicals are harmful for the environment . 
  older cables are exactly the same thickness , and they still do n't show these problems . 
  they do n't spend extra money on headphones because the ones that came bundled with their phone work perfectly fine . 
   has n't there been less than 10 incidents of the exploding battery ? 
  until yesterday there were 92 reports of overheating batteries in the us . 
  among these 26 reports of persons with burns and 55 reports of property damage , including fires in cars and a garage . 
  idiot !, 
  everyone knows that it 's called the euroreich . 
   eastern european military repsonse ? 
  this was a terrorist attack not a full invasion by a foreign country . 
  9/11 was a terrorist attack and not a full invasion by a foreign country as well . 
  and then the usa triggered article 5 , which lead to every single nato country participating in the war in afghanistan . 
  -- the tfeu article that france has invoked last november is comparable to article 5 of nato . 
   article 42.7   if a member state is the victim of armed aggression on its territory , the other member states shall have towards it an obligation of aid and assistance by all the means in their power , in accordance with article 51 of the united nations charter . 
  this shall not prejudice the specific character of the security and defence policy of certain member states . 
    commitments and cooperation in this area shall be consistent with commitments under the north atlantic treaty organisation , which , for those states which are members of it , remains the foundation of their collective defence and the forum for its implementation . 
  --  nato article 5   the parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in europe or north america shall be considered an attack against them all and consequently they agree that , if such an armed attack occurs , each of them , in exercise of the right of individual or collective self-defence recognised by article 51 of the charter of the united nations , will assist the party or parties so attacked by taking forthwith , individually and in concert with the other parties , such action as it deems necessary , including the use of armed force , to restore and maintain the security of the north atlantic area . 
    any such armed attack and all measures taken as a result thereof shall immediately be reported to the security council . 
  such measures shall be terminated when the security council has taken the measures necessary to restore and maintain international peace and security . 
  --  but also estonians fought with france in africa so we have helped . 
  granted . 
  estonia increased their contribution to minusma in mali by 2 officers . 
  other eastern european countries did less than that . 
  the actual military deployments of the bundeswehr receive more positive polls than that theoretical invasion of eastern european nato members . 
  do you really believe that germans are more keen to go to war in afghanistan or mali than to defend poland or the baltics ? 
  people will change their mind once shit hits the fan . 
  asking people for their opinion about highly unlikely events is pretty useless anyway . 
   for example the popularity of anti-usa and anti-nato politicians in france and germany has risen over last few years who prefer russia instead . 
  it might be because i actually understand the nuances of german politics , but in my personal perception germany has become much more hostile towards russia in the last few years . 
  who are these anti-us and anti-nato politicians ? 
  heck , not even the greens are against nato membership . 
  that leaves us with the left and the afd . 
  and they wo n't be part of the government anytime soon . 
  before the afd becomes part of the government there 'll be a cdu-spd-greens-linke coalition . 
  you can also just look at old \\ / r/europe threads and you 'll see how people say that germany will totally not allow any sanctions against russia . 
  because germany and russia are best buddies . 
  and now germany is actually on the forefront to keep the sanctions in place . 
  the us continue to be one of our most important allies . 
  and nato will be part of the german defence strategy for a very long time as well . 
  how mean . 
  everyone knows that the eu army would basically be ready by christmas if it were n't for that british veto . 
  we should totally offer you single market membership for your promise to not veto . 
  3 years ( or more ) is just because the brits want to be slow . 
  the eu treaties cease to apply once the withdrawal agreement , which was crafted by the eu and the leaving member , entered into force . 
  if you do n't want anything from the eu this could happen much faster than 2 years . 
  if the agreement does n't enter into force after 2 years have passed since invoking article 50 , the treaties cease to apply at this date . 
  except if the withdrawing member and the eu unanimously agree to prolong the negotiation phase . 
  nato for example is much looser , and it takes a year to leave . 
  if trump becomes president you can expect a public statement within the first month of his presidency to reassure that defense is in fact unconditionally within the nato alliance . 
  by then his military advisers have told him about the consequences of spreading doubts about nato defense . 
  that consequence being the nuclear arming of several european countries . 
  whenever the swiss have to decide something they hold a referendum anyway . 
  i 'll give you 10 $ for that worthless piece of junk .
