   if the only thing that keep people showing humanity is the law , we are pretty shitty people . 
  of course we are . 
  that 's why we have these conventions . 
  it was shown countless times , that people only act humane if it 's convenient for them . 
  the good thing is , these conventions are here to stay . 
  europe wo n't turn north korea and ignore un conventions just because it 's no longer convenient to follow them . 
   giving the ability for people to apply for asylum in libya . 
  so we have to build one or more refugee centers in libya where we can protect people who request asylum ? 
  or where should they stay while our libyan offices process their applications ? 
  should they go home and we call them ? 
  it already takes months to finally decide an application in the eu . 
  how long would it take if you only have the few volunteer workers who are willing to work in a country that is in a civil war ? 
  -- if you make it easier to get asylum in the eu , more people will use that possibility . 
  you wo n't reduce the number of asylum seekers by allowing them to request asylum outside of the eu . 
  germany , italy and the netherlands would like to talk about refugee quotas first . 
  eu solidarity is not a one-way street . 
  who is going to be europe 's papua new guinea ? 
   and what is the projected benefit of their counter-proposals thank god you added that part . 
  otherwise you would have gotten hundreds of articles that report on greeks proposals without ad-hominem against varoufakis . 
  madagascar closes its port . 
  so in greece it 's important to listen to the opinions of the elected party . 
  but in other eu countries it 's important to listen to the opinions of the not elected parties ? 
  did i get this right ? 
  sounds like a new twist in the good old `` greek government was democratically elected , so other eu countries should do what they want '' thing . 
  people that are accountants too ? 
  all the serious meme masters gather in / r/worldnews, 
  in that case they do n't get benefits and they ca n't work legally . 
  so find them and deport them . 
  yeah . 
  because italy would leave eu because of refugees . 
   and since there are no checks who is to say who is good and bad on that boat ? 
  the check is called `` asylum application process '' . 
  it usually takes a couple months . 
  that 's what starts  but we take everyone !, 
  and then we process them to figure out who are legitimate refugees . 
  those who are n't wo n't get asylum status and you can send them home . 
  i think it 's time to rename all ambiguous place names in the eu . 
  a couple years ago there was a woman from saxony who wanted to book a flight to porto . 
  but because saxons ca n't speak properly , the sales person understood bordeaux so she booker her a flight to bordeaux . 
  there 's also rodez in france . 
  it 's a nice place for people that want to go on vacation in greece . 
  that makes sense . 
  germany ( and probably all other eu countries ) do that as well . 
  but i 've heard it 's actually very hard for refugees to bring family members that are n't refugees in an eu country . 
  you need good reasons why your family life can only happen in germany . 
  unfortunately that wo n't change the decision of eastern europe and the uk . 
  by what metric ( or in what year ) does austria rank first as destination for asylum seekers ? 
  last time i checked , germany was first in absolute numbers , and sweden was first in per capita . 
  and good luck if the next economic crisis hits , and even the lender of last resorts says that magical word that sets us free . 
  germany does n't exist in a bubble . 
  germany can not afford to lose the trust of eastern europe because they think germany is neither capable nor willing to fight for eu and nato obligations . 
   i think el has already had enough of your leadership role . 
  i fixed the typo for you, 
   even if it makes a neighbor somewhat uneasy at first . 
  but it wo n't . 
  neither poland , france , uk , benelux , nor the usa would feel threatened if germany increases its military spending . 
  as far as i remember most of them actually have suggested that germany raises it 's spending towards the 2 % nato target . 
  and the danes , the czech , austria and switzerland would n't be uneasy either . 
  outside of reddit , the germany = = nazi trope is long gone . 
  -- found a source for poland . 
  even poland wants a strong german army !, 
  http://en.mon.gov.pl/news/article/2014-10-29-deputy-prime-minister-tomasz-siemoniak-in-berlin/pdf/  on wednesday , october 29th , defence minister was a honorary guest of bundeswehr commanding cadre and management conference chaired by german defence minister ursula von der layen . 
    strong democratic europe needs strong germany and strong poland . 
  the power does not only mean economic power , economic links . 
  it is not only about certainty that our values are right . 
  power also includes ability of defence , it is also a military power , the power of bundeswehr and polish armed forces - said deputy prime minister , minister of defence tomasz siemoniak in berlin . 
  that 's why i said `` germany and the bnd want to play in the big boys spying club '' . 
  would be great if such experts would do consulting for the various militaries in europe . 
  there are a couple armies who would benefit if they had less mismanagement and less corruption . 
  unfortunately these experts are n't for hire . 
  you have to come to the internet to get their expertise . 
  it 's complicated ... as a european , i want to keep them in the ez and forgive most of their debt so they can turn their country into the country they deserve . 
  but i do n't want that anything puts more pressure on other countries that already have some economic problems ( france , italy , spain , portugal and so on . 
  long list ) . 
  as a tax payer i do n't want to waste more money on greece . 
  and i , or my grandchildren , actually want that money back too . 
  preferably all of it . 
  and as a german i am still unbelievable angry about the countless comparisons with nazis and the accusations that germany uses the euro as a weapon . 
  ( no , it does n't matter that bild says that greeks are lazy . 
  i allow greeks to be angry as well . ), 
  in the end i just want to close this chapter . 
  i honestly do n't give a fuck how it ends , as long as it ends once for all . 
  but i guess that wo n't happen , greece and the lenders will agree on a lose-lose deal at the end of june . 
  and the can is kicked down the road until ... probably something like november . 
  and then the whole ordeal starts again . 
  with all the hate and uncertainties . 
  europe slowly breaking apart . 
  please kill me . 
  and do n't forget that everyone and their mother asked germany to take more responsibilities . 
  ca n't understand how germans want them out of the ez . 
  gib reparations !, 
  you are literally nazi germany !, 
  we will be russian colony if you do n't gib !, 
  merkel is hitler !, 
  we will vote golden dawn if you do n't gib !, 
  germany , you make economic world war with poor greece !, 
  we will confiscate german assets if you do n't pay reparations !, 
  germany , you try to finish with economy what your grossvaters could n't do with guns !, 
  germany , your opinion do n't count , you are not informed enough about greek matters !, 
  there wo n't be a transfer union without federalization .
