  probably not . 
  but by then eu will have enlarged to a couple other countries . 
  sources for numbers ( in german ) : - [ bamf wanderungsmonitoring : erwerbsmigration nach deutschland -- 1 . 
  i 'm not aware that germany has ever rejected to pay in-work benefits to people ( no matter of citizenship ) who actually work in real jobs . 
  germany says `` no benefits for non-citizens who do n't intend to work and just come here to get benefits '' and `` no benefits for non-citizens who have just worked so they can get welfare '' . 
  uk wants `` that , and during the first four years , no benefits for non-citizens who actually work '' . 
  if it were n't for some rulings of the court of justice of the eu , germany could do all it intends to do . 
  however , the extra part the uk wants to have is not compatible with the no-discrimination clause . 
  i love when somebody calls the cdu left-wing . 
  it 's right in the article . 
  the authorities do n't take the asylum application from them . 
  after the office has accepted the 30,000 th application , they will close the office for the rest of the year . 
  and then the asylum seekers might be put into waiting zones near the border , which do n't exist and will likely never exist because nobody wants such zones . 
  and while they are in these non-existant zones , they probably receive the same benefits as the 30,000 accepted asylum seekers . 
  but it 's good to see that germany is n't the only country that is wasting time with the discussion about obergrenzen that ca n't be enforced anyway . 
  as a swede , you could simply move to eastern europe . 
  but i guess if you actually have to live there , sweden does n't look so bad , am i right ? 
  ( in the three years 2015 , 2016 and 2017 )  the imf has forecast for europe to see 1.3 million migrants a year arrive between 2015-17 , a bigger forecast than those issued previously by the eu . 
  at least in germany , the asylum system always had to cope with people who did n't want to state their nationality . 
  there were always people who pretended to be someone else to increase their chance for asylum . 
  there are many people who pretend to be refugees by stating the most obvious nationality , now it 's syria , has been yugoslavia before . 
   he did not seem to want a promised land at all , just a chance for a new life . 
  i kind of get the feeling that is a minority opinion these days . 
  depends on the group you are talking about . 
  if you talk syrians , i think they mostly fall in that group that seeks a chance for a new life . 
  many of them come from refugee camps in jordan , lebanon and other countries . 
  i ca n't find the article now , but a while ago i read that the increase of asylum seekers from syria started after many realized that they ca n't return to their country for many many years . 
  the ones that live in camps , sit around all day and wait . 
  in most countries , refugees are not allowed to work legally . 
  many struggle to get enough money to support themselves . 
  they are not welcome in many countries either . 
  for example lebanon has new laws that does n't allow syrians to request asylum . 
  the ones that are already in lebanon have to pay $ 200 a year . 
  they have to pledge that they do n't work , and they have to prove that they have rented an apartment . 
  if you are a refugee in these countries your kids will very likely stay without even basic education . 
  unless you are rich there 's no access to tertiary education at all . 
  in europe that 's different . 
  here we actually believe in human rights and the un refugee convention . 
  if you are a refugee you will be able to work . 
  you will be able to send your kids to school . 
  if they are good enough they can attend university . 
  and for all that you do n't have to be rich . 
  if you want to have just a chance for a new life you go to europe , you do n't stay in jordan , lebanon , iraq or even turkey . 
   of course , if you did n't fly in you arrived `` from a country deemed safe '' . 
  that 's the point . 
  they do n't want to grant asylum to anyone . 
  but there are situations where they ca n't avoid giving asylum if they want to fulfill their obligation under the rules set by the un refugee convention . 
  during the refugee influx from the balkan during the war in yugoslavia , germany created similar rules . 
  which are obviously not enforced . 
  because you live on an island . 
  and when you go anywhere it 's vacation or long business trip . 
  here on the continent there are plenty of people who can literally walk to another eu country . 
  there are also many people who work for a company in one eu country that has customers in other eu countries . 
  heck , at the border triangles , you will probably be able to find people who live in country a , while working for a company in country b that has clients in country c . these people cross multiple borders every work day . 
  that `` message '' is common knowledge among economic migrants since literally decades . 
  they lowered the number of asylum requests from 200,000 per year to near 0 ? 
  i think papua new guinea wo n't accept the asylum seekers we send them . 
  the problem is the eu does n't want to do that . 
  because it 'll be hard to decrease the paid amount in the future . 
  if we increase the contributions now , it 's a long term commitment . 
  but we actually hate refugees , and we do n't want to spend money on them . 
  we started to care about refugees only after they appeared on our doorsteps . 
  the unhcr is begging for more money since decades . 
  and we have successfully ignored that . 
  it 's actually a no-brainer to work with the unhcr . 
  they need money , we have that . 
  they need personell who can help them create proper camps , we have that . 
  they need resettlement places for people who are actually in need , we have that . 
  we need a place to send undesired asylum seekers , they can provide that . 
  but yet , we wo n't work together . 
  because the eu still hopes that the current crisis will end some day . 
  and from that day on , we want to go back to the stage where we do n't give a single fuck about refugees . 
  if we now commit to pay additional billions of euro , and resettle 100,000 people per year , we risk that the we actually have to fulfill that commitment years from now . 
  and that 's something we do n't want to do . 
  because we do n't want refugees , and we do n't want to help them . 
   setup detention centres where ? 
  neither greece nor any other eu country wants them . 
   send the boats back turkey wo n't allow that . 
   remove any benefits they might get coming here . 
  to force everyone into crime ? 
  immigration policy and border protection are not tasks of the eu . 
  member states have full sovereignty in these areas . 
  the eu ca n't do jackshit about it . 
  they ca n't invade slovenia to force them to protect the outer schengen border . 
  and in your real democracy , the eu would just ignore that it does n't have a mandate to protect the outer borders ? 
  your real democracy would basically override the decision of the individual member state to not give that sovereignty away . 
   what in the actual fuck is wrong with those fuckers in brussels . 
  start protecting the outer borders you assholes . 
  the eu ca n't do that because it does n't have a mandate for it . 
   send them back ? 
  turkey wo n't take them back . 
  so we should bring everyone with a right to asylum to papua new guinea ? 
  i doubt that they will accept that . 
  they ruled a large part of the world for an extended amount of time . 
  that 's an incredibly impressive feat , no matter how you look at it . 
  even if it caused a lot of damage in certain areas , it 's not hard to understand why one would be proud of it , simply for managing to pull it off . 
   i 'd also advocate propping up the greek costs of rebuffing these people before they enter the continent . 
  turkey wo n't allow that . 
   maybe we should be welcoming greeks to come and live/work in our countries instead . 
  it 's called freedom of movement and it 's a fundamental right of every eu citizen .
