  devalue our currency . 
  each camera gets linked to a projector in a supermarket meat isle . 
   in 2014 there were article everywhere about a standard battery charger ( usb-c ) for every phone which is sold in the eu . 
  where 2014 means the letter of intent from march 2014 where companies confirmed their intention to provide a common charger . 
  publishing the letter of intent was the last public motion from the ec in this regard . 
  usb-c was finalised in august 2014 . 
  but the whole thing is pretty pointless for smartphones . 
  basically 100 % of the smartphones on the market would fulfil the common charger standard . 
  yes , apple 's lighting connector is compatible with the common charger standard because they sell a micro-usb to lightning adapter and because their actual charger has a detachable cable with a usb-a connector . 
  i doubt that the commission sees the need for creating an enforceable standard . 
  the market has solved the problem already . 
  everything is usb . 
  period . 
  just imagine this , if the commission would have created a standard in 2014 , manufacturers would now have to sell usb-c to micro-usb adapters to comply with the standard because usb-c would be as incompatible with the standard as apple 's lightning . 
  and if the eu would have created a standard in 2007 , manufacturers would now sell usb-c to mini-usb adapters . 
  such standards just hinder technological advancements . 
   or in other words : `` if you 're not with us , you 're against us '' . 
  that 's why we wo n't allow your presence on our conferences . 
  let 's ignore politics and non-proliferation treaties and just look at the economics . 
   or at least why not use nato 's nuclear sharing program that turkey and germany participate in ? 
  because they do n't have airplanes that are capable of delivering nuclear weapons . 
  and they ca n't afford them either . 
  at least not without massively cutting funds of their land based military . 
   having the ability to procure a discounted nuclear-capable submarine to always stay somewhere in the baltic sea would surely prevent russia from messing with the baltics ever again . 
  unless the uk is willing to make that discount an ongoing subsidy the baltics will not be able to afford that program . 
  the three baltic countries have a combined military budget of around 1.4 billion euro ( 2016 estimate according to nato ) . 
  the uk currently spends around 2.3 billion euro for maintaining its trident program . 
  they have 4 submarines to make sure that at each time one of them is operational . 
  the baltic sea also is n't the best terrain for a vanguard-class submarine . 
   and it was only a few miles long 160 km . 
  but there was also the inner german border which was not a wall , but a several kilometre wide stripe with limited access for the population , many guard towers and other fortifications , mine fields , and fences that were up to 4 meter high . 
  total length of that border was almost 1400 kilometre , every single meter was protected . 
  for comparison , the us-mexican border has a length of 3200 kilometres . 
  logistically it should not be that much of a problem to build a wall of that length . 
  though the inner german border was not a wall it was complex system of fortifications and security zones , several kilometres deep . 
  fences were up to 4 meters high . 
  the inner german border had a length of almost 1400 kilometres . 
  the border between mexico and the us has a length of 3200 kilometres . 
  should not be that much of a problem to build something similar on the us border . 
  the problem will be that the inner german border was effective because the 50,000 guards on the eastern side were authorised to use deadly force . 
  if the only repercussion for trying to cross the border would have been to be send back to their home country it would not have worked . 
  there are much much higher hurdles to ban parties than party members making anti-semitic comments . 
  even if he would have denied the holocaust , which is a crime in germany , the party would n't be banned . 
  he would have been tried as an individual . 
  to ban a party the federal constitutional court ( i.e. 
  the highest court in germany ) has to be convinced that the party actively works to get rid of the free democratic basic order . 
  simply being against the constitutional order is not enough for a ban . 
  germany has banned 2 parties since 1949 . 
  the [ socialist reich party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socialist_reich_party ) in 1952 , and the [ communist party of germany ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/communist_party_of_germany ) in 1956 . 
  indeed they work . 
  that 's why the gdr is still going strong . 
  the wall has been saving my country from the imperialist invaders for more than 50 years . 
  \\ -- sent from my robotronphone, 
  can you provide a source for that claim ? 
   merkel has been pretty hohe energie !, 
  lately , or is this because of the upcoming elections in germany ? 
   you do n't win elections in germany by increasing military spending . 
   on the other hand you throw in the trade surplus , which is an entirely different area where no laws are in effect . 
  the eu has established the macroeconomic imbalance procedures ( mip ) . 
  which limits current account surplus at -4 % respectively +6 % of gdp . 
  the 3 year average of the 2017 mip report logs a current account surplus of +7.5 % of gdp for germany . 
  which is a violation of that mip indicator . 
  which is the reason why mip imbalance were enabled for germany . 
  and if germany increases the current account surplus germany will be upgraded to the `` excessive imbalances with corrective measures '' category . 
  and then there will be sanctions . 
   higher minimum wage in itself will not change the trade deficit much , it will increase consumption for sure , but most of that stays local . 
  it will . 
  because in this specific case we are not talking about absolute values , we are talking about trade balance per gdp . 
   if there is a law and such law establish a limit , crossing such limit is illegal . 
  whether there are sanctions or not depends on the will to put a solution to such illegalities . 
  but the word illegal is the correct term . 
  what word do you suggest instead ? 
  there is not really a law . 
  the trade balance limits are part of the macroeconomic imbalance procedures . 
  the ec monitors a couple macroeconomic indicators and starts the procedures if a country violates these indicators . 
  only at the very end of the procedures a country faces sanctions . 
  not a single country has ever faced sanctions because they violated a mip indicator . 
  so i would say illegal is the wrong term . 
  if you want to sanction countries for violating mip indicator you have to sanction every single eu country except the czech republic . 
  everyone else violates at least one indicator . 
  as an example here are the indicators that spain violates : - net international investment , threshold : -35 % of gdp , spain : -89.9 % - private sector debt , threshold 133 % of gdp , spain : 154.0 % - general government gross debt , threshold 60 % of gdp , spain : 99.8 % - unemployment rate ( 3 year average ) , threshold 10 % , spain : 24.2 % germany for comparison : - current account balance ( 3 year average ) , threshold -4 / +6 % , germany : +7.5 % - general government gross debt , threshold 60 % of gdp , germany : 71.2 % more info : http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/economic_governance/macroeconomic_imbalance_procedure/index_en.htm the 2017 report which has a table on page 45 with the indicators and the countries violating them : https://ec.europa.eu/info/publications/2017-european-semester-alert-mechanism-report_en, 
  as long as the majority of the csu voters opposes it we wo n't get same sex marriage . 
   refugees do n't actually have a choice of where they want to live . 
  un refugee convention , article 26 :  each contracting state shall accord to refugees lawfully in its territory the right to choose their place of residence to move freely within its territory , subject to any regulations applicable to aliens generally in the same circumstances . 
  that 's their new strategy . 
  everything is fake news . 
  especially reports that say something bad about trump . 
  skoda uses volkswagen engines . 
   some people seem to get so worked up . 
  and then they start to see things that are n't there . 
  many things the uk wants fall into the responsibility of the eu as a bloc . 
  trade being the most important thing . 
  trade deals with individual members are not possible . 
  other examples are europol and the schengen information system . 
  for trade . 
  there 's a lot more stuff that has to be discussed . 
  for these things the default is abolishment . 
  europol and the schengen information system come to mind . 
  the european health insurance card might be another thing that the uk might consider worth keeping . 
  and once the uk is back to wto levels because they used one of these awesome strategies they can rest assured that they wo n't get any special favours in future trade negotiations .
