  startups do n't do that . 
  they are almost always backed solely by venture capital . 
  if they had to rely on traditional business models ( i.e. 
  earn money by selling things ) they could never grow like they do . 
  startups are searching for business models while operating . 
  and many of them really struggle to find a business model that does n't stop grow . 
  maybe you should help in flamanville 3 first . 
  we tried something similar in germany 10 years ago . 
  your points sound great in theory . 
  most likely none of them will matter in the long run . 
  the thing that matters the most is the social interaction . 
  my dad loved to cut bushes and clean playgrounds with his 1 $ colleagues . 
  but it did n't help him to get a job . 
  the skills he learned were not very useful , because these low-qualified skills only allow you to get a job in an area that is stuffed with basically free workers . 
  and there is a good chance that these free jobs will replace paid jobs . 
  that 's another thing we already learned . 
  in theory the law was good . 
  these 1 $ workers were only allowed to do things that would not have been done if there was n't a 1 $ worker . 
  as you can read above the rules were constantly bent . 
  because we actually did cut bushes and cleaned playgrounds before . 
  my sisters ( geriatric nurse ) contract was not extended because each patient got assigned less nurse time because a 1 $ worker did some of the work that does n't require a professional . 
  on paper the 1 $ worker was hired to play board games with the patients and read books to them . 
  because that was n't done before . 
  in reality they drove around patients and took them outsides . 
  which was done by the professionals . 
  but good luck , maybe the whole idea turns out completely different in the uk than in the other countries that have already tried . 
   if they should be forced to do anything it should be learning new skills . 
  what skills are we talking about ? 
  learning how to write a letter of application ? 
  that 's okay . 
  but everything really useful should be reserved for people who want to learn new skills . 
  having people in your class that were forced to attend kills productivity . 
  not sure how it works in uk , but in germany the retraining classes that basically teach you a new job are in high demand and low supply . 
  and these courses are expensive , around 36,000 $ per person for the duration of 2 years . 
  which is an okay deal if you can turn a unemployed person into someone who works in this job the next 30 years . 
  but it 's a total waste of resources if you force people who wo n't use their new skills . 
   if you do this for three months it will be a lot easier to get a job imo as employers can see that you can be trusted to turn up to things and behave properly . 
  it 's nice how the arguments have n't changed a bit . 
  that was one of the arguments that was used in germany 10 years ago when we created 1-euro-jobs . 
  it 's a great idea . 
  once they were fired you can just assign them to do green maintenance and somebody else ( e.g. 
  federal government instead of municipality ) is paying for them . 
  1995 eu is best eu . 
  what proper channels ? 
  being part of the unhcr resettlement program ? 
  and being lucky to be invited by a host country in the eu ? 
  that has worked for a couple ten-thousand people from syria at the beginning of the civil war . 
  not sure what the quotas are right now , as far as i am aware germany stopped taking quota refugees from syria a year ago . 
  other than being a un quota refugee the only way to get asylum in the eu is to actually set foot on eu soil . 
  you wo n't get asylum if you ask in an embassy . 
  obviously the eu ( and any other country for that matter ) does not want that their embassies are stormed by thousands of people who want asylum in that particular country . 
  they will just send you away , unless you specifically are under immediate and serious threat . 
  if the government has put your face on a `` dead or alive '' wanted poster you might be lucky an get embassy asylum . 
  in that matter the eu countries strictly abide by the un refugee convention . 
  which says that you can apply for asylum only if you are physically in a host country . 
  the same convention basically grants immunity against prosecution of border violations if you have reason to believe that you are an actual refugee . 
  so a country ca n't hold illegal entry against an asylum seeker . 
  besides violating a bunch of human right there is very little one can do . 
  the only way to refuse these people would be if we would have a safe place to bring them instead . 
  but we do n't have that option . 
  there are a few functioning states left in that area , but they do n't want these people . 
  bringing them back to libya would be stopped by the european court of human rights pretty quickly . 
  trip by trip basis ? 
  renting ? 
  from the looks of these boats they get them from a scrapyard and fix them just enough that only half of the people have drowned by the time they reach the area where they expect the eu ships . 
   our focus should be on the ones who wants to stay . 
  so focus on refugees that love the social safety net that is offered by the host country ? 
  they might not stay because they truly value the european values . 
  they might just tell you what you want to hear so they can live comfortable with only a fraction of the work they had to do in their home country . 
  the ones that would go back immediately will probably turn into a greater gain in the future . 
  even if only some of them stay . 
  reality has it that they will stay at least a decade anyway ; just look at iraq . 
  during that time there will be many changes that have the potential to change their opinion about leaving . 
  if your kids have started families in poland and you are the owner of a little corner store in lublin there is n't much reason to leave and start fresh again . 
  once their home country is safe again , we evaluate them . 
  if we would like them to stay we offer them permanent residency or even citizenship . 
  if they turned out to be a burden on society we end their asylum status and they have 90 days to pack their stuff . 
  easy to stop ? 
  maybe you ( do n't worry , you are not alone , half of reddit does n't get it ) do n't understand the need for a refugee system that can not be stopped . 
  time for some history . 
  in 1933 the holocaust started . 
  at first jews were stripped of their rights and they received an occasional beating or were murdered selectively , later they were murdered in an industrial scale . 
  many jews tried to leave nazi germany during that time , but many countries refused to let them in . 
  many countries let some in , but plenty jews were not allowed to enter . 
  some countries even returned these jews to the authorities of nazi germany . 
  after the un decided that this behavior is unacceptable for humans , and that this should never happen again . 
  so the un refugee convention was created . 
  the idea is that every human being has a place to go if things go very bad in their home country . 
  each country that has signed this convention ( most have , all eu countries have ) is required to let any number of refugees in . 
  they are obligated to provide a safe place to stay . 
  it is in no way allowed to limit the number of refugees by any way . 
  you ca n't say `` sorry , we are full . 
  please go back to syria and try not to die '' . 
  to request asylum you have to set foot into the country that would host you . 
  this was done so asylum seekers do n't arbitrarily pick a country . 
  otherwise every refugee would have picked the us or western european countries as their new host . 
  yep . 
  time to abolish this try . 
  the eu is seen as a club to share positive things only , nobody wants to solve problems together . 
  totally pointless .
