  dodge 13 . 
  mercedes-benz 14 . 
  bmw 17 . 
  mazda 18 . 
  chrysler 19 . 
  audi if mercedes , volkswagen , bmw and audi were one brand they would rank between nissan and jeep . 
  because he will be the most excellent president of the us . 
   i would argue they are abusing a monopoly . 
  then do it . 
  show me how they are abusing a monopoly with less than 20 % market share . 
  yeah . 
  apple is a market-dominant entity while google with it 's 75 % market share is n't because it 's `` inclusive '' . 
  whatever inclusive means in relation to market rules . 
  because having a monopoly is n't illegal . 
  abusing that monopoly is illegal . 
  oh and because the us wo n't do anything just because `` we '' say something . 
  picking german or french would be incredibly stupid because the common language already exists . 
  that language is english . 
  almost every young person in the eu learns it . 
  wait a couple decades until the people who did n't learn english are dead and you have a 99 % chance that a randomly picked person speaks english . 
  it also does n't matter if the uk would be inside or outside the eu . 
  you do n't pick a common language because nobody speaks it because it would be more fair if everyone has to learn it as a second or third language . 
  if you have to arbitrarily pick a common language you pick one that provides the most use for everyone . 
  contrary to german or french , english is even useful outside of the eu . 
  and make the eu pay for it . 
  later . 
  for now congress will pay . 
  and the eu will reimburse the costs later . 
  peeotus please . 
  next friday you can call him potus . 
  until then he 's just the peeotus . 
   the republicans were totally right when they said that would happen . 
  they caused that increase by refusing to expand medicaid . 
  they sabotaged the aca wherever they could . 
  and now they blame the democrats for it . 
   still policing the fulda gap from wiesbaden . 
  west of frankfurt . 
  lol, 
   i imagine they negotiated through nato and the individual governments . 
  that would be correct . 
   the parties to the north atlantic treaty signed in washington on 4 april , 1949 , considering that the forces of one party may be sent , by arrangement , to serve in the territory of another party ;  bearing in mind that the decision to send them and the conditions under which they will be sent , in so far as such conditions are not laid down by the present agreement , will continue to be the subject of separate arrangements between the parties concerned ;  [ ... ]   http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/official_texts_17265.htm germany could kick out all foreign armed forces within two years notice . 
  but that would be stupid , because foreign bases are a security asset and an economic factor . 
  translation fail ? 
  or did i miss a joke ? 
  * autobauer * are car manufacturers like bmw or vw . 
   so , estonia is most certainly carrying a bigger load than , say , slovakia , although slovakia spends twice as much on defense in absolute dollar amounts . 
  yet estonia ( 2.16 % ) ca n't even police its own airspace during peace time . 
  freeloaders like belgium ( 0.85 % ) , italy ( 1.11 % ) , portugal ( 1.38 % ) , the czech republic ( 1.04 % ) , canada ( 0.99 % ) , spain ( 0.91 % ) , the netherlands ( 1.17 % ) or germany ( 1.19 % ) do help them out . 
   the us is not a dictatorship , there 'll be all kinds of opposition to a `` good '' deal with the uk because he already set off on an internalist platform , promising to put americans first by doing the exact opposite and drastically limiting trade relationships . 
  when trump says `` fair '' he actually means `` favouring the us '' . 
  he has made that pretty clear in his past ~ ~ political statements ~ ~ tweets . 
  retweet for yay , like for nay . 
  direct democracy trump style . 
   one of the main causes of brexit was merkel 's refugee policy . 
  and i thought it were eastern europeans who undercut uk workers . 
  or the 350 million gbp the uk pays for the eu every week that would be given to the nhs . 
  or the inability of becoming the number one country for trade . 
  or all that bureaucracy from brussels . 
   so many people felt aggrieved that she was effectively deciding immigration for the entirety of the eu because a german passport is the same as a uk passport . 
  one of the more important requirements for obtaining german citizenship is that the person must be able to support their complete household without getting any welfare payments . 
  so all these `` welfare leeches '' that the uk is so afraid of wo n't get german citizenship anytime soon . 
  but well , feels over reals . 
  young norwegians continue to have the right to choose where to live , study and work though . 
  i feel like the jew from that old joke about reading nazi newspapers . 
   slow faster than container ships and cheaper than cargo airplanes . 
  every non-food product build in the eu has to have a country of origin designation . 
  relations with poland +10 relations with the czech republic +10, 
   the german government is n't going to be abrogating the npt , and the french government knew that . 
  if the us nuclear sharing does n't violate the npt , why should french nuclear sharing do ? 
   and the `` far-right '' will go back to being fringe . 
  that did n't stop them from killing people and bombing places in the past . 
  it 's not the average afd , ukip or le pen voter who commit these crimes . 
  these crimes are committed by the fringe part of the far-right . 
  the so called extreme right . 
   false flag . 
  someone drew swastika to blame '' the evil nazis '' and then hid it in the house of `` the evil nazis '' . 
  judging by the party program of the npd we have to do a lot more than that to please ( or rather become ) the far-right . 
  one point of their program is to get back the territory that germany lost after the second world war . 
  he is very likely talking about posted workers . 
  because `` regular '' workers who make use of freedom of movement are already covered by local laws , like minimum wage and other labour regulations . 
  so a member state can already guarantee fairness by changing these national rules . 
  a romanian who is employed by a german factory will be paid at least minimum wage . 
  in many case the factory will pay union wages , and the romanian gets the same as the german . 
  equal pay for equal work . 
  posted workers are workers who are employed in another country than where they work . 
  for example a romanian construction worker who is employed in romania but builds a house in germany . 
  since he is n't employed in germany he is not covered by german minimum wage and german labour regulations . 
  romanians on german construction sites are paid way less . 
  so the romanian company can easily undercut german businesses who have to adhere to german regulations . 
  lodewijk asscher has tried to regulate posted workers more fairly for quite some time . 
  the spin on making this about freedom of movement in general is most likely just the british perspective for the british audience . 
   until the eu completes the path of becoming a federated state , i do not see how the eu can have a nuclear deterrent similar to the eu battlegroups . 
  they are already under direct control of the council of the european union . 
   nah , these reforms would have been a really good idea if anyone had spoken up for them before we voted out . 
    of course , nobody did . 
  [ 19 june 2015 : nl government : seven countries want fair rules for posted workers in eu ] ( https://www.government.nl/latest/news/2015/06/19/seven-countries-want-fair-rules-for-posted-workers-in-eu ) ( uk is not among these seven countries ) -- [ 8 march 2016 : european commission presents reform of the posting of workers directive -- towards a deeper and fairer european labour market ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-16-466_en.htm ), 
   i think the main issue for them is doing deals with countries that have far cheaper labour and lesser standards , which is n't such a problem with the uk . 
  trump has criticised canada for taking american jobs . 
   the mark would raise , the german economy would be dampened . '', 
  and then we could use the reddit solution to all economic problems .
