  the financial situation of the states is n't nearly as good as the financial situation of the federal government . 
  only 9 states plan a balanced budget in 2016 . 
  i 'm not aware that any state has a significant surplus . 
  they just have to say `` i hereby request asylum '' to a french government official and they no longer have to live like that . 
  nobody really knows what to do . 
  so they do some useless shit like this to appear that they try to solve the crisis . 
  how kind of them . 
  please register them so we can dublin relocate them back to slovenia . 
  thanks . 
   personnally , i feel closer to schwarzer . 
  europe should be more selective , canada doing it right ( they only welcome families ) but that 's because they can afford it politically . 
  that 's because they have the atlantic ocean between themselves and the asylum seekers . 
  that 's precisely what happens if you allow people to buy expensive tickets to europe . 
  her opinion would probably be very different if she only had to work with refugees from the unhcr resettling program . 
  so you expect greece to kill its tourism sector ? 
  not the best solution for a country where ~ 18 % of the gdp are created by tourism . 
  utilitarian my ass . 
  what do you mean with now ? 
  the afd is using the suppression card since their inception . 
  do n't forget the will to kill . 
  the gdr would have never been able to protect the german-german border if they were n't willing to kill everyone who crosses the border . 
   theoretically indeed . 
  the bundespolizei has said that they can close the border to austria . 
  even with the help of the state police they would only be able to do that for three to seven days . 
  yes . 
  article 3 of our constitution :  ( 1 ) all persons shall be equal before the law . 
    ( 2 ) men and women shall have equal rights . 
  the state shall promote the actual implementation of equal rights for women and men and take steps to eliminate disadvantages that now exist . 
    ( 3 ) no person shall be favoured or disfavoured because of sex , parentage , race , language , homeland and origin , faith , or religious or political opinions . 
  no person shall be disfavoured because of disability . 
  since 3 months is not a significant waiting time , 900,000 of these 1.1 million wo n't be able to sue for inactiveness . 
  the court wo n't allow that . 
  in other cases courts have ruled that the long delays are systematic . 
  years ago it already took 6 months , that time starts when the agency starts to process the application . 
  and nowadays it still takes 6 months . 
  there is a reason that the leader of the agency had to resign . 
  is that after they start processing , or after they start to come into contact with the netherlands the first time ? 
  i took that number from some news article . 
  the court wo n't allow these lawsuits if the applicant has n't waited for a significant time . 
  nowadays that time is probably more than a year . 
  and if the court comes to the conclusion that the current circumstances have caused the delay , they will rule against the plaintiff . 
  but they might believe that the delay is systematic and the agency does n't do enough to lower the delays . 
  just guessing , but the court could rule that the asylum seeker has to be treated like someone who received refugee status until his application is decided . 
  i would have to check 16 laws , but i believe that this is about public ( dance ) events only . 
  it is also a matter of state law . 
  berlin does n't ban dance events , according to wikipedia there 's even a large dance competition on good friday . 
  the event organizer gets fined . 
  up to 10,000 euro . 
  as long as the spd is in the coalition it 's more likely that the minimum wage will actually be raised in 2017 . 
  courts do n't decide about asylum applications . 
  it wo n't be this , that 's for sure . 
  the left and right do n't agree on much regarding the refugee situation . 
  but there is one thing where they actually agree . 
  and that 's that the federal agency for migration and asylum takes way to long with their decisions . 
  the left wants them to be faster so people have access to the job market and to integration courses faster . 
  the right wants them to be faster so people can be deported faster . 
  and these lawsuits are a way to make them act faster . 
  jfyi , if they win the lawsuits they do n't get money . 
  the court will force the asylum agency to decide their cases within three months . 
  this is germany , not the us . 
  there 's not much money in such cases , most likely less than 300 euro . 
  if you win , the asylum seekers do n't get millions of euros . 
  they get a decision on their asylum application within 3 months . 
  at least that 's what happened in the [ court decision ( german ) ] ( http://www.verwaltungsgericht-osnabrueck.niedersachsen.de/portal/live.php?navigation_id=19717&amp;article_id=137781&amp;_psmand=129 ) that was the first google result, 
  if the court believes that the agency in question failed to act within appropriate time you win . 
  some people seem to think you get money if you win , you wo n't . 
  if you win the asylum agency is forced to decide within 3 months . 
  these are n't the first cases where asylum seekers make use of the law that is open for everyone who is in germany . 
  it 's not hard to justify . 
  until their application is decided they live in a legal limbo . 
  they have basically no access to the job and education market . 
  without a positive decision they also do n't have access to language and integration courses . 
  so until their case is decided they have to be welfare leeches that do n't speak the language , that we all love so much . 
  the federal migration agency repeatedly failed to increase the speed of their decision process . 
  asylum decisions have taken 5 to 6 months for a very very long time . 
  and that 's the time that starts when the federal agency starts to process the application . 
  half a year passes by until they start to do that . 
  so from the first contact with germany asylum applicants have to wait one year until their cases are decided . 
  to compare that to other countries , switzerland decides applications from safe countries of origin ( e.g. 
  serbia ) within 48 hours . 
  the german target for decisions from balkan countries is 14 days . 
  which is of course not reached . 
  the netherlands decide 80 % of the asylum applications within 8 days , that 's also the time from when the agency starts the process . 
  the german federal agency for migration and asylum is simply incapable . 
  with every single day delay , the integration of people who will be accepted gets harder . 
  and at the same time , deportation of not accepted people gets harder as well . 
  economic migrants really love the long time the german system takes to make decisions on their asylum applications . 
   germany would need 470,000 immigrants , ready to join the pool of taxpayers , each year between now and then to offset the demographic decline , the report said . 
  as the current number of refugees fleeing conflict in the middle east and north africa is not likely to be sustained year after year , germany can not rely on immigrants alone to solve the riddle posed by its ageing citizens and low amount of births , the report continued reaching that does n't seem so unlikely if i look at migration statistics . 
  in 2014 net migration ( i.e. 
  `` people migrating to germany '' minus `` people leaving germany '' ) from eu citizens alone was already 339,309 people . 
  in the first half of 2015 that number was 199,921 people . 
  if we assume that the second half looked similar , we are already at 400,000 migrants . 
  only from the eu . 
  we also gave 13,201 blue cards to migrants who came to germany in the first half of 2015 . 
  if we add these we might have reached a net migration of 426,000 people in 2015 . 
  and that is without a single refugee . 
  just 50,000 short of the `` target '' . 
  eu migration and blue card migration will very likely continue to grow , like they did in the past years . 
  will these migrations stay on that level until 2040 ?
