   the eu could have gotten off their asses , established refugee centers in safe northern african countries and processed immigrants there so to not have to deal with turkey we would make deals with even worse regimes ? 
  well ... 
  somewhere around midnight between sunday and monday . 
  do you think countries that are n't islands can just expand to make more `` room '' for housing ? 
  the lines are actually showing all transactions . 
  romania bought stuff from italy , usa , switzerland and france but did n't export anything to these countries . 
  if you hover over the individual lines you 'll see something like :  arms export :  italy --  romania : us$ 16m . 
   romania --  italy : us$ 0m . 
  the idea is to discourage people from taking the risk to cross the aegean sea in hope for asylum in the eu . 
   including the m16 , browning rifles and nato submachine guns these are considered [ * small arms and light weapons * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/small_arms_and_light_weapons ) , and are not registered in the arms transfers database . 
  it will get even better once the uncontrolled influx has stopped , and the eu starts talking about resettling refugees from turkish camps without the `` deport one . 
  the `` we should only take real refugees and not let in everyone who can afford a smuggler '' crowd will quickly change to `` not our problem . 
  they do n't come to europe '' . 
   they should declare turkey safe and deport everyone . 
  that 's what they do , maybe not legally speaking , but that 's how asylum applications will be treated . 
  if you ca n't prove that you are in danger in turkey , you will be deported . 
  the whole `` deport a syrian . 
  relocate a syrian '' deal would make no sense at all if syrians would n't be deported back to turkey . 
  everyone is detained . 
  then people can request asylum in greece if they want . 
  their cases will be heard , and if they ca n't convince the judge that their life is in danger in turkey , they will be deported back to turkey . 
  starting tomorrow , people that enter greece irregularly will be send back to ~ ~ greece ~ ~ turkey . 
  no matter what passport they have . 
  if they do n't want to be deported to turkey , they have to request asylum in greece , and then their cases will be heard . 
  and if they can not prove that they are in danger in turkey , they will be deported . 
  for every deported syrian , the eu will resettle a syrian from turkish refugee camps . 
  turkey got a list with 72 conditions that they have to fulfill until the end of april . 
  the eu will then check if these are fulfilled until the end of june . 
  if the conditions are fulfilled , turkish citizen will get visa-free access . 
  -- do you have any concrete fears about turks visiting the eu ? 
  or are you just confusing 90 days ( in every 180 day period ) of visa free access for the purpose of vacation with eu freedom of movement ? 
  this is the list of countries whose citizen currently enjoy visa free access to the schengen zone : - albania - andorra - antigua and barbuda - argentina - australia - bahamas - barbados - bosnia and herzegovina - brazil - brunei - canada - chile - colombia - costa rica - dominica - el salvador - grenada - guatemala - honduras - hong kong - israel - japan - macau - macedonia - malaysia - mauritius - mexico - moldova - monaco - montenegro - new zealand - nicaragua - palau - panama - paraguay - peru - saint kitts and nevis - saint lucia - saint vincent and the grenadines - samoa - san marino - serbia - seychelles - singapore - south korea - taiwan - timor-leste - tonga - trinidad and tobago - united arab emirates - united states - uruguay - vanuatu - vatican city - venezuela - united kingdom british nationals who are not nationals of the united kingdom for the purposes of european union law, 
  turkey retains a geographic limitation to its ratification of the un refugee convention anyway . 
  only people who are fleeing as a consequence of events occurring in europe have the right to asylum in turkey . 
   by the way they are not classed as refugee since their country is no war-zone etc. 
  the 1951 refugee convention spells out that a refugee is someone who `` owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , is outside the country of his nationality , and is unable to , or owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country . '', 
  i can pretty much guarantee that there are at least as many afghan refugees as syrians who do n't qualify for asylum . 
  but the refugee crisis was merkels fault because she invited everyone when she said that the german asylum system does not know a limit . 
  what a great tribute to the irish-americans . 
  we did ? 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c9/energiemix_deutschland.svg between 1990 and 2015 we reduced nuclear energy from 152.5 twh to 91.8 twh . 
  in the same time brown coal was reduced from 170.9 twh to 155.0 twh, 
  deport them as humanely as possible back to syria ? 
  beginning of 2015 : `` merkel has no vision . 
  she always changes her opinion depending on polls ! '', 
  end of 2015 : `` merkel is a dictator . 
  she does n't listen to the electorate ! '', 
  you should read the latest report on the implementation of the hotspot approach in greece . 
  it 's almost like greece and the eu did n't only sit on their fat arses the last 6 months . 
  unfortunately in reality things are a bit more complicated than `` just deliver ! '' . 
  there are also a lot of things in that document that member states who are n't greece have to do . 
  it 's for example not greece fault that member states do n't contribute enough border officers to frontex . 
  that 's the fault of the other member states . 
  no matter how many frontex officers greece requests , if member states do n't provide them , they wo n't go to greece . 
  exactly . 
  the defense spending has very little to do with europe . 
  even if the us would drop out of nato completely , i doubt they would lower their defense spending significantly . 
  it 's not europe that demands the us to spend 3.6 % of gdp on defense . 
  and it 's not europe that causes a large part of the us military cost . 
  according to [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_military_deployments ) there are 62,753 us soldiers stationed in europe . 
  from a total of 1,145,932 us soldiers . 
  if you want to lower your spending , just do it . 
  is one enough ? 
  what exactly is stopping the us from reducing their defense spending ? 
  eu free movement is actually called free movement of workers . 
  with emphasis on workers . 
  eu citizens that do n't work and are not looking for work generally lose the right of free movement after they have been in a host country for 90 days . 
  at that point the uk can ask them to leave . 
  blame your government for not doing so . 
  where you can find more information about freedom of movement : - http://ec.europa.eu/social/main.jsp?catid=457&amp;langid=en - http://europa.eu/youreurope/citizens/residence/worker-pensioner/rights-conditions/index_en.htm, 
  threads about west balkan countries always make me deeply grateful that we were able to reconcile with our former enemies . 
  `` putin is corrupt '' insult or criticism ? 
  it 's hard to draw a line between the two . 
   not mentionning , that its poor ( comparing ) so it 's like basically every eastern european country was two decades ago ? 
   with terrorist organizations so it 's like spain ( eta ) , germany ( raf ) and the uk/ireland ( ira ) were ? 
   territorial conflicts with other eu countries there are plenty between current eu members as well . 
   with a history against europe . 
  so it 's like germany ? 
  -- the reason is islam . 
  nothing else . 
  have you been to a doctor ? 
  in that case you have opted out of natural selection as well . 
  you could as well become gay . 
   i mean , it 's just a name , is it really so important ? 
  would you grant them the name czech republic ? 
  7 may 2017, 
  the difference is that the soviet union was hold together by force from day one . 
  eu members joined the eu voluntarily and they are free to leave the eu if they want . 
  that was back in the day when having values did n't cost us a single euro . 
  back then we were always first to point out when others violated these values . 
  we pointed fingers at countless countries because they violated human rights . 
  it 's different now . 
  values no longer matter . 
  getting the same number of asylum seekers as lebanon has put the largest economic bloc of the world on the brink of a collapse . 
  we can no longer afford to have values !, 
  the greater good ( of not having muslims ) is more important . 
   just ireland going for the cultural victory . 
  do they actually dye their rivers for saint patrick 's day ? 
  might be the usa who go for cultural victory . 
  the eu is not a building that can collapse after an earthquake .
