  the important question is how the eu distinguishes one product from a different product . 
  in the worst ( for animal protection ) case the company can just sell the same product under a different name . 
  otherwise the company needs to add a minor ingredient to distinguish the eu product from chinese product . 
  which does n't make it much better . 
  in a globalized world with different laws , efforts like banning animal testing are not very effective . 
  but they are still important , because they lead to the development of alternative methods . 
  until you need to import something from a different country . 
  harmonization of the return rules is a start , but it wo n't be enough . 
  we need a combined eu effort to return people . 
  there are a couple countries that refuse or delay return procedures ( looking at you , tunisia ) . 
  germany struggles to make them accept their citizens in a timely manner , especially if these citizens are criminals . 
  i 'm not sure how smaller countries like croatia or estonia would be able to deport people to these countries . 
    kahane was not an officer   okay what term would you prefer to be used ? 
  agent perhaps ? 
     an informal employee   so what ? 
  a freelance stasi agent ? 
  pull the other one , mate . 
   you never heard about informal collaborators of the stasi ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/informal_collaborators_ ( east_germany ), 
  they can do the jobs that were and are currently done by foreigners with no skills . 
  unskilled labor . 
  you do n't have to be able to recite goethe to harvest cabbage , to clean rooms , sweep leaves or to transport stuff for construction work . 
  only a small minority of migrants that come to germany speak german . 
  it does n't matter if they come from russia , spain , romania or afghanistan . 
  they all learn the language while they are here . 
  guaranteed jobs ? 
  if you ca n't read or ca n't understand such short news articles , you wo n't have a chance on the german job market . 
  so better stay in eastern europe . 
  accepted refugees can work . 
  under the same rules as eu citizens . 
  in germany businesses want a minimum wage exception for refugees . 
  for integration , 
  eu15 best eu, 
  the federal motor transport authority ( kraftfahrt-bundesamt ) has a database of all registered german licenses ( 60 million motor vehicles and trailers ) , the `` zentrales fahrzeugregister '' . 
  i 'm still waiting for those [ billboards ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3a5edd/collection_of_images_connected_with_polish_new/ ) to show up all around germany . 
  i thought they raised the money already ? 
  if they do n't take the money a forced deportation should be the consequence . 
  nobody expects countries to host people who do n't qualify for asylum . 
  starts ? 
  paying travel expenses for people who return voluntarily is nothing new . 
  the calculation is easy . 
  pay a few hundred euro for people who return voluntarily , or pay a couple thousand euro for a forceful deportation . 
  the important part is that they do n't stay in his country . 
  because the people choose different routes . 
  ask the us how easy it is to keep people out with a fence . 
  so they should just wait outside the border for the weeks or even months it takes to distinguish these two groups ? 
  not even the iphone 6s makes you bulletproof . 
  nothing has changed . 
  she said that syrians wo n't be deported to the first eu country they entered . 
  still in place . 
  she also said that the law does not know a limit for legitimate refugees . 
  still in place . 
   you ca n't impose it on countries who just wish for a trade union . 
  why the fuck did these countries join the eu if they want a trade union ? 
  the eu was never a trade union , and it was never meant to be a trade union . 
  the treaty of rome , in 1957 , already contained the formation of a common parliament . 
  countries that want a trade union should leave the eu and join efta . 
  the real reason is that corruption among border guards is still widespread in romania . 
  the problem with deporting people is that it 's really hard to do in practice . 
  especially because plenty of the asylum seekers have valid asylum claims . 
  and you ca n't deport them without violating a few treaties each eu country has signed and ratified . 
  that 's why the uk prefers that not a single asylum seeker reaches uk soil . 
  they do n't want to deport anybody . 
  they just want the current crisis to be not their problem . 
  so why does slovenia not close its doors ? 
   you expect the uk to save people from off the coast of italy and sail 5,000 km 's past italy , spain , france , and back to the uk ? 
  that 's stupid . 
  how about bringing them back to libya ? 
  if `` not taking them '' is so easy , why does n't the uk show us how it 's done ? 
  to finland , norway and denmark . 
  you are thinking like a true eu leader . 
  so what 's your proposal ? 
  these asylum seekers wo n't go away if cameron says things like `` taking refugees is not the answer '' . 
  so do you shoot them if they try to enter the eu ? 
  or will you deport them ? 
   how 's her bitching to other countries to take germany 's refugees going ? 
  when did she do that ? 
  when merkel talks about refugee quotas , it 's about refugees from italy , greece and hungary . 
  and since the free trade deal has to be negotiated between the whole eu and the czech republic it would only take a couple of years until it comes into fruition . 
  the border controls alone , which will still exist even in a free trade zone , would hinder czech exports significantly . 
  good luck getting that truck full of transmissions to the car factory just in time if you have to wait between 4 and 12 hours at the border . 
  \\ / r/europe what else, 
  my argument is that the uk should leave the current eu if they do n't want to be in the current eu . 
  the comparison with nafta does n't make sense . 
  the eu is not a free trade agreement , and it was never meant to be a free trade agreement . 
  if the uk wants a free trade agreement they can have that . 
  they just have to leave the eu , and the eu will negotiate that with them . 
  might take a couple years though . 
  but there is no need for multi-speed eu if something like nafta is the goal . 
  meanwhile , the uk tries to dump the refugees that were rescued near the raf base onto cyprus . 
  and when the royal navy rescues refugees , they bring them to italy . 
  talk is easy . 
  not taking refugees and ** not ** dumping them on your european partners is a bit harder . 
  but congrats for putting the uk in a geographical position that makes such talk possible . 
  ask croatia or slovenia how easy it is to not take refugees . 
  uk 's suggestion for a two-tier eu is just a diplomatic way of saying `` we want all the things that benefit us , and none of the things that are a net loss for us '' . 
  and if that becomes acceptable , two-tier eu wo n't cut it . 
  you need 28-tier eu , everyone gets as many opt-outs as they want . 
  which means the eu is degraded to a free trade zone . 
  the eu would not even be a customs union , because countries want to negotiate their own free trade deals .
