   so free movement does n't really mean free movement as it is commonly conceived ? 
  yes . 
  freedom of movement has always been `` freedom of movement for workers '' . 
  you can live in every eu country for 90 days without conditions . 
  after that you have to be a worker , a spouse or child of a worker , or you must be able to support yourself from your own income . 
  after you have worked for `` a significant time '' you gain a few rights . 
  and after 5 years of living in the same country , you gain unconditional residence rights and basically equalization with nationals . 
  but only very few people will be asked to leave after these 90 days even if they do n't fulfill the rules . 
  these conditions are not so much about physical presence , they basically exist to prevent access to the social systems . 
  germany follows eu rules . 
  freedom of movement is actually called `` freedom of movement for workers '' , with emphasis on workers . 
  germany wo n't cut benefits for people who are in work , as the uk wants to do it . 
  germany wants to cut benefits for people who come to germany to exploit the welfare system . 
  the ecj has ruled that people only qualify for full out-of-work benefits if they obtained residence rights in the country , i.e. 
  if they have lived there for full 5 years . 
  it wo n't . 
  because the ecj has ruled about this in november 2014 already  dano v jobcenter leipzig    in order to determine whether economically inactive union citizens , in the situation of the applicants in the main proceedings , whose period of residence in the host member state has been longer than three months but shorter than five years , can claim equal treatment with nationals of that member state so far as concerns entitlement to social benefits , it must therefore be examined whether the residence of those citizens complies with the conditions in article 7 ( 1 ) ( b ) of directive 2004/38 . 
  those conditions include the requirement that the economically inactive union citizen must have sufficient resources for himself and his family members . 
    to accept that persons who do not have a right of residence under directive 2004/38 may claim entitlement to social benefits under the same conditions as those applicable to nationals of the host member state would run counter to an objective of the directive , set out in recital 10 in its preamble , namely preventing union citizens who are nationals of other member states from becoming an unreasonable burden on the social assistance system of the host member state . 
    it should be added that , as regards the condition requiring possession of sufficient resources , directive 2004/38 distinguishes between ( i ) persons who are working and ( ii ) those who are not . 
  under article 7 ( 1 ) ( a ) of directive 2004/38 , the first group of union citizens in the host member state have the right of residence without having to fulfil any other condition . 
  on the other hand , persons who are economically inactive are required by article 7 ( 1 ) ( b ) of the directive to meet the condition that they have sufficient resources of their own . 
    therefore , article 7 ( 1 ) ( b ) of directive 2004/38 seeks to prevent economically inactive union citizens from using the host member state 's welfare system to fund their means of subsistence . 
    http://curia.europa.eu/juris/document/document.jsf?doclang=en&amp;text=&amp;pageindex=0&amp;part=1&amp;mode=lst&amp;docid=159442&amp;occ=first&amp;dir=&amp;cid=723985, 
  they are also not supposed to come here , work in a job for half a year , and bring over the rest of their family so they can live of hartz iv . 
  eu rules do n't allow discrimination of workers . 
  polish workers continue to receive the same in-work benefits as germans . 
  eu freedom of movement is actually called `` freedom of movement for workers '' , with emphasis on workers . 
  germany wants to cut benefits for people who are n't workers . 
  because germany wo n't limit in-work benefits . 
  germany will limit benefits for people who do n't work , as it is allowed by eu rules . 
  but is it censored by the government or is it `` censored '' by the media outlets itself , i.e. 
  they only report about things they want ? 
  can you quantify `` some '' ? 
  the salary requirement is currently 49,600 $ , which is 1.5 times the average salary in germany . 
  paying that much is the easiest way to `` prove '' that there 's no german or eu-national for that job . 
  also known as the eu blue card . 
  though that 's for academics only . 
  asylum seekers and refugees only had the `` no german or eu national can be found '' limit on job perspectives . 
  to hire non-german , non-eu nationals , an employer has to get a permit from the employment agency . 
  that 's where they check if there 's a german or eu national to do the job . 
  someone has to request prosecution of that offense . 
  germany does that for erdogan . 
  once the government has requested prosecution , the public prosecutor will investigate and charge b\u00f6hmermann . 
  then a court decides . 
  sounds like separation of powers to me . 
  when has germany done this ? 
  where `` shitty deal '' means being treated like everyone else . 
  i demand respect for the empire !, 
  but it 's good to know that you already know that it 'll be the fault of the eu . 
  considering that legally turkey does n't have to host them , because turkey has a geographical limitation on the ratification of the un refugee convention , that is indeed remarkable . 
  if a eastern european country would be in that position , every single one of them would have already been deported . 
  so many upvotes . 
  i wonder how many people thought that the headline means that only 0.1 % of the syrians in turkey have applied for a work permit . 
   fewer than 0.1 % of syrians in turkey currently stand to gain the right to work under much-vaunted turkish labour laws , undermining eu claims that the legislation excuses a recent decision to deport syrian asylum-seekers back to turkey . 
    turkish employers have allowed roughly 2,000 -- or 0.074 % -- of turkey 's 2.7 million syrians to apply for work permits under new legislation enacted two months ago , according to government figures provided to aid workers at a meeting in late march . 
  the number of permits granted has not yet been disclosed . 
  i wonder if someone translated the whole part to erdogan before he decided to ask germany to press charges . 
  right now erdogan does exactly what b\u00f6hmermann wanted . 
  if the german government wants to help erdogan , they 'll tell him this and reject the turkish request . 
  otherwise more satire will be produced . 
  and every single newspaper will write multiple articles about this case . 
   when merkel elected you , and ( did n't understand this part ) ; ( als die merkel dich erkor , und auf dich schwor ) when merkel selected , and believed in you . 
   something new appeared to her . 
  something new appeared to her . 
   errdooerdoan , oh you ( did n't understand ) ; ( erdo erdogan , ach du armer reicher mann ) erdo erdogan , oh you poor rich man, 
  so we believe that they were forced into prostitution or were killed for their organs instead that they either registered multiple times or that they went to calais , denmark , sweden or norway ? 
  dutch people : the eu is undemocratic !, 
  dutch people , 2 days later : we represent 3.3 % of the eu population !, 
  the eu should do what we want !, 
   i can agree with that prediction personally , but still it can not be dropped as fact . 
  the burden of proof is on proving the effect , not the non-effect . 
  said the guy who just told us that the uk will erect high visa barriers for eu citizen . 
  do you doubt that with the same confidence that makes you sure that the uk will abolish freedom of movement ? 
  since * regulation ( eu ) no 1289/2013 * came into effect , schengen and eu countries that are n't ireland and uk require full visa reciprocity . 
  if the uk does n't grant visa free access to all countries that are currently in the schengen zone or the eu ( then only without ireland ) the uk wo n't get visa free access to these countries . 
  if you do n't grant romania visa free access , uk citizens wo n't get visa free access to france , norway or germany . 
  can we please stop pretending that the dutch vote should affect what the eu does ? 
  this got annoying really fast . 
  it was a dutch referendum . 
  and nobody else than the dutch government is bound by that vote . 
  the dutch government can veto and vote against all proposals that concern the ukraine . 
  but they ca n't singlehandedly stop things that do n't require unanimous voting . 
   the legal consequences of a work being listed on the index are enumerated in \u00a7 15 jugendschutzgesetz ( law for the protection of minors ) :   1 . 
  it must not be sold , provided or otherwise made accessible to minors . 
  it must not be displayed where it can be seen by minors . 
  this would , for example , include playing an indexed game in the presence of minors . 
  it must be sold only within a shop . 
  basically selling indexed titles per mail order is illegal , however it is permissible if the package may be handed over only to a specified adult person , who has to present id . 
  it must not be rented out , except in a shop inaccessible to minors . 
  it must not be imported by mail order . 
  in this case even an adult buyer is subject to penalty . 
  it must not be advertised or announced in a place where the announcement or advertisement could be seen by minors . 
  if it is for one of the above six causes , production , acquiring , and holding in store are subject to penalty too . 
     https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federal_department_for_media_harmful_to_young_persons#legal_consequences, 
   only advertising [ ... ] was restricted which also includes that you are not allowed to tell anyone that you sell this album . 
  the eu does n't care about this referendum because it was a dutch referendum . 
  if the netherlands veto things that require unanimous decision , the eu wo n't implement them . 
  but the netherlands ca n't veto things that are already in place . 
  and they should not be able to veto things that do n't require unanimous decision .
