  the swiss then handed these illegal immigrants to the german police . 
  here 's the thing . 
  if you solve the problems we have with deporting people , all the other problems of the migrant crisis will go away or become at least much less severe . 
  economic migrants who know that they are economic migrants will stop pouring in if they will be deported within a few weeks . 
  and those that do n't qualify for asylum , like the perpetrator from hamburg , will be returned as well . 
  far from easy . 
  the eu ca n't just withhold funds that are already scheduled . 
  the eu also wo n't cut off poland from funds that they are legally required to receive . 
  neither will the eu apply arbitrary rules to prevent poland from accessing infrastructure funds . 
  for two reasons . 
  first of all the eu wo n't get rid of the rule of law to punish poland for abolishing the rule of law . 
  secondly , the european court of justice would override these decisions anyway . 
  what the eu could try is to redirect funds that have n't been agreed upon from poland to other eu countries . 
  but that too has to happen within the agreed legal framework . 
  since hungary has in the past publicly announced that they veto any procedures against poland everyone expects the hungarian veto . 
  in the end that vote might just be the pretext to various soft power things eu members and eu institutions have in their arsenal . 
  either a kurd or a g\u00fclenist . 
  life is easy when you have readily available scapegoats . 
  she does n't do that to raise a historical argument . 
  that 's why she does n't care about how many victims were claimed by communism in the last 100 years . 
  in germany neo nazis are claiming victims like right now . 
  communism does n't do that in a comparable extent . 
  the raf is long dead . 
  the nsu support network is most likely still alive , and available for the next terror group that wants to clean germany from foreigners . 
  that 's right . 
  propaganda and scapegoating was absolutely not involved last time . 
  we killed the jews because of our economic anxiety . 
  that 's just something what you do when you are unemployed . 
  it 's a well known fact that beate zsch\u00e4pe and her friends from the nsu actually wanted to open a bratwurst shop , but the economic situation forced them to rob banks to finance their bomb attacks and the murder of 10 people . 
   i hope that trump activates that little brain of his and does something , but unfortunately this is utopic . 
  rfid is totally an invention of trump, 
  are you a bureaucrat ? 
  then you live in administrative poland . 
  that 's what i 've been telling all the time . 
  it 's corporate greed that is responsible . 
  it 's not the hate for eastern europeans that some people want to make this about . 
  neither is it about the superiority of western europe . 
  corporations will try to sell everyone the cheapest product for the highest price . 
  that 's why it 's important to figure out what this whole discussion is actually about . 
  is it about food quality ? 
  or is it about being accepted as a full-valued eu member , because people still feel like they are treated as second class citizen by western europe . 
  that sounded quite shitty , but i have the strong feeling that there 's a lot of truth in it . 
  and that 's dangerous . 
  because blaming western europe for things that are the responsibilities of multinationals wo n't have the desired effect . 
  it will just create further discord between the people in the eu . 
  `` us vs. them '' that 's what governments and corporations like . 
  while i 'm defending iglo , they are looking how they can replace the breading with even cheaper shit , and they are inventing production techniques that allow them to hit the `` 65 % minus tolerance '' level on the low end . 
  -- but in the end i 'm just selfish , and i fear that i wo n't be able to eat 63.8 % fish sticks in the future . 
  because when eastern europe got their will and the eu enacted a one-recipe-for-all policy , iglo will argue that eu law beats the german lebensmittelbuch and we now have to accept 50 % fish sticks . 
  besides its fancy name the special core is just another multilateral working group . 
  maybe with more political and economic power behind it , but legally they ca n't do more than the other working groups . 
  in that it 's very similar to the v4 , the nordic coucil , the baltic sea parliamentary conference , the nordic-baltic eight or the countless other multi-lateral groups we have in the eu . 
  they all discuss things , they all work to enhance cooperate among themselves , and when they want to change something that is a ez/eu matter they come up with a proposal and present it to the other members . 
  the eu did n't get rid of bi - and multilateral cooperations . 
  quite the opposite i think . 
  these things are still going strong . 
  i 'm sure every eu member is part of multiple working groups that have the goal to enhance cooperation . 
  not everything has to involve the eu . 
  the eu works according to the `` as local as possible as global as necessary '' principle . 
  spain simply does n't have to sit in a meeting when germany and czech discuss sharing emergency services in the border area . 
  and germany does n't have to be involved when spain , portugal , and france discuss a common pool of firefighting planes . 
  same is true for that special core group . 
  if countries do n't want a common unemployment insurance then they do n't have to join . 
  if we would put it to a vote , nobody would join a common unemployment insurance , because that one country that does n't want it would veto it . 
  taking the opinions of everyone into account is great to keep the group together , but it will naturally lead to stagnation . 
  that 's why most things should n't require unanimous approval . 
  but you ca n't force these things on others either . 
  so you end up with multi-speed europe . 
  nobody really wants that , but with 19 respectively 28 members we are past the point where unanimity is easy to achieve . 
  there are of course valid concerns that multi-speed will leave countries behind . 
  the question is if eternal stagnation is better . 
  maybe it 's possible to do multi-speed in a way that does n't leave anyone behind . 
  which means we must not bundle things that are n't related to each other . 
  no `` you only get common unemployment insurance if you agree to common military '' . 
  as long as this special interest group is eventually open for everyone i do n't see a problem . 
  and that seems to be the point , otherwise this would just be a bi - or multilateral meeting , and not a group inside the eurozone . 
  the group ca n't change anything about the inner workings of the euro , because that requires unanimous agreement by all members . 
  but if france , germany and other countries want to go forward with policies that go beyond that , why not . 
  the status quo is that we ca n't move forward if there 's no unanimous agreement on how to move forward . 
  and that 's why we do n't move forward . 
  as i 've said , always oppressed , always the victim . 
  maybe law experts can come up with a framework that does n't violate eu rules . 
  as i 've said , the german specification of the lebensmittelbuch are n't laws . 
  they are guidelines for what the customer expects . 
  or maybe eastern europe should propose a `` customer expectation '' rulebook to the eu , which then contains actual rules like `` fish sticks contain at least 65 % fish '' . 
  that would certainly be easier to implement than one-recipe-for-all . 
  not a bad idea , if done right . 
  germany has probably overdone it in some areas . 
  but nobody seems to propose guidelines . 
  it 's always one-recipe-for-all legislation . 
  do you think they would complain about iglo if germany would get the same 50 % fish fish sticks eastern europe gets ? 
  or would they celebrate because they get the same quality product . 
   so congratulations , there is finally something the former eastern block decides to do as an union ( other than mooch out of you ) and your reaction seems to be `` lol , deal with it by yourself . '', 
  because according to a lot of people it 's outright impossible to create legislation that imposes one-recipe-for-all . 
  can you sketch out a few points on how that legislation should look like ? 
  here are the things i came up with that make such legislation complicated : - how would the regulation affect cases like the east german j\u00e4gerschnitzel and the west german j\u00e4gerschnitzel ? 
  both are completely different products . 
  do they have to add ( ost ) and ( west ) to the product name ? 
  because right now you either have to take the risk ( and return it if you do n't like it ) or you have to ask . 
  can there be multiple j\u00e4gerschnitzel under the one-recipe-for-all directive ?
