  turkey has never invoked article 5 . 
   do the baltics have nuclear expertise or capital to do that ? 
  the baltics do n't even have the capital to police their own airspace . 
  other nato countries do that for them . 
   and even that is not cut and clear and may be in violation of eu laws . 
  in germany courts recently ruled that eu nationals have access to the social security systems . 
  the german court ruled about german law , not eu law . 
  eu law allows to deny benefits , but german law did n't allow it . 
   yup now migrants will buy fake turkey papers and europe wo n't be able to do anything about it . 
  1 . people with fraudulent papers can be denied entry 2 . after 90 days everyone who entered on the visa-free regime becomes an illegal immigrant, 
  so it was a blitz ? 
  first you have to decide if you want to study or if you want to work . 
  you either come with a student visa , which does not allow you to work more than a few hours per week . 
  or you come with a work visa , which is coupled to a specific full-time job , which realistically does n't allow you to study . 
  then you have to pick a country . 
  there are different rules for different countries . 
  the eu provides some information in case you want to study : http://ec.europa.eu/education/study-in-europe/ if germany is an option ( for work and study ) : http://www.make-it-in-germany.com/en, 
   let 's recap : what is at issue ? 
  a german law was being used to block insulting a head of state . 
  ehm no . 
  nobody cares about b\u00f6hmermann anymore . 
  the issue is that several german politicians receive death treats after the armenian genocide vote in the german parliament . 
  or to quote the article :  sevim dagdelen , a member of the bundestag , demanded that `` anyone in turkey who calls for violence against members of the german parliament should get an entry ban '' to germany . 
  `` this includes president erdogan , '' she told the german newspaper `` bild am sonntag . '', 
    the duisburg-born politician has a 100,000 euro ( $ 112,000 ) bounty on her head , the paper reported , following a resolution adopted by the german parliament on june 2 calling the massacre of armenians genocide . 
  yep . 
  there 's literally zero chance of having a nuclear disaster if you follow these two rules : 1 . 
  do n't be stupid soviet 2 . 
  do n't have tsunamis, 
   technically , if ramstein does indeed play the role ascribed to it , it 's not our issue as us bases are us territory and german law does n't apply to them . 
  technically , that 's wrong . 
  foreign military bases in germany are german territory . 
  and german law is applicable there as well . 
  germany has waived almost all rights of german authorities relating to nato forces in the nato sofa supplementary agreement though . 
   but does dublin have the freedom to negotiate it 's own external trade deals with uk no . 
  the eu is a single market , and trade agreements are negotiated by the eu . 
  the underlying freedom of movement directives are exactly the same in norway , switzerland and the uk . 
   people from some countries have a tendency to travel to eu countries and blow themselves up . 
  and that 's why they do n't get visa free access to the schengen zone . 
   because if i remember correctly , eu has allowed entry to millions of people from those countries . 
  you remember wrong . 
  the eu has fulfilled their duties that result from ratifying international law like the un refugee convention . 
  but i do n't get it . 
  why do you need visa free travel if you could do the same like these millions ? 
  just come to the eu and request asylum . 
  it 's obviously the same . 
   in 2015 , germany went all out against balkan asylum seekers but refused to come down on asylum seekers from mena , afghanistan and beyond until merkel was pushed into a corner . 
  the asylum process is a bureaucratic process . 
  if you do n't meet the criteria that is required for asylum status or subsidiary protection you will get denied both . 
  nothing to do with merkel or hating the balkan countries . 
   given that the european commission 's own numbers showed that roughly half of all asylum seekers were n't even syrian , they knew a lot of them were economic migrants . 
  that 's probably the reason why germany has granted asylum in 49.2 % ( or : roughly half ) of the asylum requests that were decided in 2015 . 
   and now we assume all who had syrian passports had genuine passports , even if we knew then and know now that a lot of syrian passports are bought on the black market for easier asylum/entry . 
  and now we assume that the asylum agency is not stupid . 
  we further assume that it 's actually quite easy to confirm that someone is not syrian if you have them talk to someone who knows a bit about syria and the language . 
   even if it was true , is it reasonable to deny visa free travel for 3 million of people because of maybe a few hundred burglars ? 
  a few hundred ? 
  7235 georgians were suspects of crimes other than aliens law in 2015 . 
   all statistics say that most of burglaries are attributed to germans in germany . 
  that might be because 90 % of the people living in germany are germans . 
   crime knows no nationality , every country has criminals . 
  and criminals from certain countries are known to travel to countries like germany just to commit crimes . 
  congratulations , georgia made it into the list from the 2015 report : http://i.imgur.com/y5i2hhl.png btw : 120,000 of these syrian suspects are suspected of a violation against `` aliens law '' , for example illegal entry . 
  [ table without these crimes ] ( http://i.imgur.com/n1w6ktu.png ), 
   look at austria , they were calling hungarians nazis and 3 months later , they started building a fence on their own borders . 
  no , austria did not call hungary nazis for building a fence . 
   we 're trying to help , we 've even sent one of our warships to the mediterranean . 
  and guess where this warship would have brought asylum seekers if it would have encountered them . 
  and nowadays the number of asylum seekers that enter the eu from turkey is on a minimum . 
  do you believe that is because hungary build a fence in august 2015 ? 
  or because juncker and merkel did some talking to turkey ? 
   they do have a political block in regards to the migration crisis . 
  when it comes to russia the positions of poland and hungary are quite different . 
   orb\u00e1n \u00b4 s model `` not our problem , let greece solve the crisis '' ? 
  so forced sterilization ? 
   how will they determine where migrants came from if they burn all documents and sometimes even their fingerprints ? 
  language . 
   i think that in the grand scheme of things , countries not allowing back their citizens , is only a very small part of the problem . 
  that 's literally the biggest problem . 
  but keep believing that there is some eu conspiracy that makes countries not want to deport asylum seekers who do n't qualify for refugee status . 
  maybe they realized that most eu countries did n't become as fucked up as spain . 
   `` the research also reveals that not a single european country wants more powers to be handed to the eu while a growing number of voters want powers repatriated . '', 
  indeed . 
  here is how it works : 1 . member states do n't grant the eu enough means to act sufficient 2 . the eu ca n't act sufficient 3 . member countries complain that the eu ca n't act sufficient 4 . 
  eu is useless !, 
  we should grant it even less means to act sufficient rinse and repeat, 
  eu member countries denied the eu the power to actually enforce external eu borders . 
  they decided that frontex must only coordinate between national law enforcement agencies , because everything else would be an attack on national sovereignty . 
  here 's the number of law enforcement officers frontex has : 0 which is obviously the fault of the eu . 
  maybe all these unelected eu bureaucrats should play law enforcement officer and protect the external borders . 
  solid argument . 
  because countries that are n't islands can just expand their borders to get more lebensraum . 
  like we did [ 10 years ago ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bear_jj1 ) . 
  then leave the eu . 
  if switzerland starts to build a tunnel below germany they 'll probably finish first . 
  it 's from a monty python sketch . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6d1yi-41ao https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dirty_hungarian_phrasebook, 
   you scored 13 out of 28 yay, 
   the us has loads of gas and will happily ship it over . 
  but they ca n't .
