  that 's how it is . 
  but expats love to limit their social circle to other expats . 
  because by doing so they can avoid learning the local language . 
  the immigrant taxi driver from romania at least tries to learn the language . 
  the expat barista from uk complains that he can only work in berlin , because in other german cities he wo n't be hired without learning the language . 
  source : thought i 'm an expat while i lived in other countries . 
  foolishly limiting myself to the expat community . 
  dominance that allows you to opt-out by invoking article 50 . 
  bannon and miller write these executive orders . 
  trump signs them . 
  according to some news outlets the whitehouse staff had to sign non-disclosure agreements . 
  if that 's true the republicans that are n't involved in the whitehouse hear about these things from press releases . 
   this is ridiculous , why is a breast pump suspicious ? 
  that 's not that ridiculous . 
  some things are built in a way that makes it hard for the x-ray operator to see inside . 
  so they do n't see anything dangerous , but they ca n't really rule out something dangerous either . 
  normally they take you and your luggage to a room where they use a wipe that they run over basically all the things you have in your luggage . 
  they then put that wipe in a machine that can detect the tiniest amounts of chemicals . 
  if the machine does n't detect chemicals that are or are used for the production of explosives or drugs they let you go . 
  i 've been there a couple times already . 
  that check just takes a few minutes , and they certainly should have done that instead . 
  it was absolutely unnecessary to humiliate that woman . 
  their check has n't showed them anything . 
  a suspicious breast pump does n't get less dangerous just because the mother lactates . 
  it could still contain explosives . 
  they could have ruled out any danger by checking it for explosives or drugs . 
  they have machines for this in frankfurt . 
  i 've been there , because i too carry suspicious stuff in my carry on . 
  they use a wipe to take samples from your luggage , put that into a machine , then you wait a few minutes , get the green light and the federal police officer wishes you safe travels . 
  this is probably what op meant : to become a nurse in denmark you have to acquire a bachelor , which is tertiary education . 
  to become a nurse in germany most people attend a berufsfachschule , which is upper secondary education . 
  that 's not how this works . 
  the eu mutual defence clause is only relevant if a member country is attacked on its territory . 
  it 's also extremely unlikely that they will use that brigade to fight against russia . 
  why are you carrying condoms ? 
  please take off your pants and show me that you really need them . 
  we are all men in this room , so no problem . 
  -- it 's either allowed to carry a breast pump in your carry-on or it 's not allowed . 
  it might be not allowed if you do n't have a child with you . 
  then they could have said that and they could have taken it away . 
  at what point does it matter if the mother breast-feeds ? 
  your country should use a couple hundred billion euro from its pension fund to invest in greece . 
  once greece no longer needs to adhere to austerity they will turn into a massive economic powerhouse . 
  imagine the returns for the norwegian pension fund !, 
  or as the americans like to say : put your money where your mouth is, 
  this is isced-2011 level 3 and therefor upper secondary education . 
  or you attend a fachhochschule . 
  after 3.5 years you are a nurse ( gesundheits - und krankenpfleger , same like the first way ) . 
  after 4 years you can get a bachelor of science . 
  this way is isced-2011 level 6 and therefor tertiary education . 
  germany is one of the few ( like 4 ) eu countries that do n't require 12 years education to become a nurse . 
   for example a carpenter would n't count , but a nurse would . 
  at least in germany nursing school , like all vocational schools , are part of upper secondary education , isced-2011 level 3 . 
  the nh90 only reaches `` cat b & performance class 3 '' certification . 
  according to international commercial aviation law that is not good enough to be used over water north of 45 degrees of latitude . 
  which covers both north sea and the baltic sea . 
  so ~ ~ legally ~ ~ under commercial aviation rules the helicopter is not allowed to fly there . 
  you must really hate to use reddit . 
  blink two times if someone is forcing you to communicate with all these faceless people . 
   the irony is that those that want the freedom to wear what they want without anyone judging , like a veil , are also those that complain about others wearing a bikini as it offends them . 
  citation needed, 
  as a landlocked country that does ~ 70 % of its trade with the eu ? 
  probably not . 
  hungary would sell you to russia for a couple free helicopters . 
  are you fucking serious ? 
   maybe it sounds good to you , but i highly doubt it does to german leadership . 
  then you do n't know the german leadership very well . 
  we prefer not to lead . 
  then everyone asked us to step up and lead . 
  now we are asked to step down again . 
   also kind of interested to know how italy can become powerful when it 's basically been demoted to being a debt slave to germany . 
  so how much of italy 's debt is in control of germany ? 
  if they are a debt slave to germany i expect it must be somewhere above 75 % . 
  but there 's always article 50 to leave the euroreich . 
  they can then do the devalue dance and become great again . 
   france is already pretty powerful , but germany will always have the bigger economy and population . 
  france has more soft and hard power than germany . 
  they stepped back a bit from leading because of their domestic problems . 
  i know , these are caused by germany as well . 
   and poland might have had a shot if not for the 50 years of communism . 
  and 50 years of nationalism that they just started . 
  i know , that 's the fault of germany too . 
  we wo n't stop anyone from being more powerful than us . 
  just fucking do it . 
   or worse yes . 
  they would have to leave the eu . 
  nothing to see here , they are just finalising the transfer of the 19.5 % rosneft share as bribe for getting rid of the sanctions . 
  time to make another satire video . 
  if you trust the whitehouse.gov website , the judicial branch is no longer part of the government anyway . 
   1,460 days for the americans that do n't use metric : that 's 4380 executive orders . 
  it becomes obvious that bannon is the puppetmaster of trump . 
  when trump gives statements about the eos he just signed , it 's clear that he has no idea what they are about . 
  you wo n't get more than some general remarks about making america great again , giving power to the people and improving the security of the country . 
  we have the best executive orders . 
  he 's most likely not very involved in the creation of these orders . 
  that fits his pre-election statement that he does n't read contracts , leases and other legal documents . 
  he does n't care . 
  i doubt his financial interest plays a decisive role at this point . 
  but that perspective helps the people that influence trump . 
  `` trump does it for his bank account '' is more palatable than `` bannon does it to stir public backlash that will eventually lead to violence so the government has a reason to suppress the opposition '' .
