  where are the visa for people who want to attend vocational training ( each year , thousands of apprenticeships stay vacant ) . 
  where is the diversity visa program , aka the us greencard lottery ? 
  that german `` open door immigration policy '' has granted asylum in 48.5 % of the asylum requests that were decided in 2015 . 
  almost like more than 50 % of the asylum seekers are not refugees . 
  except that never happened . 
   can eu ever do anything else than talk ? 
  not if the 28 member states do n't transfer more sovereignty to it . 
  remember the reaction when the eu wanted to resettle 160,000 refugees from greece and italy ? 
  news flash , we no longer control croatia . 
  but maybe that 's what you meant with ww ii . 
  where are these unused islands , and why do you think they can support a massive refugee camp ? 
  there 's usually a reason why no one lives on these islands . 
  for example lack of freshwater . 
  europe does not have a papua new guinea , and asylum seekers that enter the eu do n't start in safe countries like indonesia . 
  there 's no australian solution without both . 
  and no , thats not what the brits are doing . 
  the uk participates in the unhcr resettlement program , to resettle 20,000 people in 5 years . 
  to compare that , germany resettled 60,000 syrians from refugee camps since 2013 . 
  - drown the unhcr in money . 
  the unhcr is notoriously broke and the eu has money . 
  5 billion euro extra per year seem reasonable for now . 
  that would basically double the current budget of the unhcr . 
  - help the unhcr provide and maintain proper refugee camps . 
  the eu can provide material and staff which will be used to build and maintain camps . 
  cooperation like that already happens on a smaller scale , for example the federal relief agency of germany has helped build a refugee camp in jordan . 
  the eu could also finance a program that makes sure that volunteers do n't come back poorer than they were when they left . 
  - pledge a permanent ( ! ), 
  and generous contribution to the un refugee resettlement program . 
  100,000 additional places would not be that big of a problem for germany alone . 
  if we get other eu countries on board we could do 250,000 per year easily . 
  for that contribution , every single asylum seeker who was not resettled through the program will be deported to a un run camp . 
  to fulfill the refugee convention there 'll be an exception for countries of origin that directly neighbor the eu . 
  so asylum seekers who are turkish or russian citizen wo n't be brought to a un camp if they request asylum in the eu country that borders their country . 
  for these situations we have to establish a mandatory refugee relocation scheme in the eu . 
  people who do n't qualify for eu asylum because of their citizenship are brought to a un camp . 
  because we have that solution , tight border control on the sea borders start to make real sense . 
  the most questionable part of my proposal is if the unhcr would agree to act as the asylum seeker dump of the eu . 
  considering that they currently manage to resettle around 100,000 people per year , the eu contribution of additional 250,000 places per year would make a real difference . 
  combine that with an increase in budget and it does n't look that unlikely to happen . 
  the other question is if eu countries would accept such a system . 
  in practice , 5 billion euro and 250,000 resettlements per year are not that easy to fulfill . 
  there will be many countries who continue to believe that african , south american or asian refugees are not their problem . 
  and there will be countries that fear that a permanent pledge would be even worse than if the eu handles a few million now , particularly because they are n't the ones that will have to handle the few million . 
  where can i sign up for this ? 
   kicking greece out of europe ( or closing the borders to proper passeport holders ) [ ... ] in that case it 's good that neither of these are even near the table . 
   i mean , germany declared they could take on unlimited migrants germany declared that the current law does not know a limit . 
  which is true for germany , and any other signatory of the un refugee convention . 
   the agreement is being ignored by everyone , including us . 
  france , italy etc are doing the exact same thing as us . 
  i honestly do n't see why we are specially singled out . 
  because more than 80 % of the asylum seekers that enter the eu do so in greece ? 
   i did have to submit my bank information , so that they could see if i was hoarding cash . 
  but they did n't confiscate my laptop or anything of value . 
  if the welfare agency would have suspected you of owning valuables that you did n't declare in your application they would be able to visit your home to check if you have valuables . 
  but cell phones and laptops are not valuables and wo n't be seized . 
  they will go for cash and luxury items . 
   refugees ( asylum seekers ) are basically handled like any other benefit receiving person - same rules apply . 
  same but very different . 
  there 's a huge difference between seizing valuables and not paying welfare as long as these valuables exist . 
  in the latter case you can keep your valuables if you manage to survive without welfare . 
  this option does n't exist for asylum seekers . 
  it 's not supposed to be a solution to keep asylum seekers away . 
  with these laws asylum seekers are equalized to everyone else in germany . 
  someone who is not an asylum seeker wo n't get welfare payments if they have thousands of euro worth of gold at home . 
  since asylum seekers are accommodated in central facilities the state had to collect rent from rich asylum seekers . 
  instead the government went with the easier solution to just seize assets . 
   age of consent is quite misleading here but if you wanted to use it in your meaning the age of consent would go up to 18 in germany . 
  not at all . 
  the limitations do n't apply automatically . 
  how is the immigration limit doing ? 
  ready for swexit ? 
  you are wrong if you believe that right-wing groups just oppose non-eu immigration . 
  muslim asylum seekers are just their latest scapegoat . 
  do n't call it benefit tourism if it 's work migration . 
  the eu always allowed to not pay benefits to eu citizens who do n't work or have n't worked for a significant time . 
  the legal procedure is to request asylum . 
  i 'm pretty sure 100 % of the people living in that center did that . 
  they do n't let random people live there . 
   because they were doing a raid checking for people who are here illegally . 
  they did a raid to find terror connections . 
  but all they found were drugs and stolen goods . 
  according to this german [ article ] ( http://www1.wdr.de/themen/aktuell/lka-attentaeter-recklinghausen-100.html ) they were austria , romania , italy , luxembourg , switzerland , germany and sweden . 
  with strict visa requirements . 
  as poland 's closest and most important allies tend to do . 
  let me tell you something about the small change that would allow discrimination against eu-citizens . 
  even if just the eu15 would vote , that treaty would stay . 
  it would even stay if a qualified majority would be enough in that eu15 vote . 
  the uk is pretty much alone in this issue . 
  it 's not only eastern europe that is against the discrimination of eu citizens . 
  apparently too hard . 
  the database is there , and the regulation that requires that asylum seekers are entered into that database is there as well . 
  i thought we have eurodac to prevent that . 
  on the positive side . 
  maybe that means that instead of one million asylum seekers we just have 100,000 that requested asylum ten times . 
  so how many terrorists did they catch during the thousands of raids they conducted since they removed libert\u00e9 from their motto ? 
  the other guy might be more willing to find a compromise with the non-daesh rebels . 
  i bet 100 $ that it 's not him . 
  timeframe until the end of 2016 should be enough for `` soon '' . 
  being without a job defined as getting fired from the swr or getting transferred to a lesser position . 
  are you in ?
