  otherwise breitbart would n't know about them . 
  breitbart does n't have own journalists out in the field . 
  they write about things they read in mainstream media . 
  and they usually write that in their articles . 
  and then the breitbart fanclub pretends that mainstream media does n't report about these things . 
  conclusion : breitbart readers only read the headlines . 
   point is that money will be used be it on nhs , roads or whatever . 
  it wo n't . 
  because the brits do n't pay the eu # 350m a week . 
  you have the v4 to create proposals . 
  germany and france came up with a proposal . 
  they did n't create a policy that will be adopted . 
  you ca n't create a proposal amongst 27 member states . 
  because you need a starting point . 
  that french-german proposal is that starting point . 
  the other eu members will comment on it . 
  they 'll say what they like and do n't like . 
  and they will make further suggestions . 
  that may or may not to a policy that will be adopted . 
  the democratic rights of the other member states are n't violated . 
  the good old wutb\u00fcrger . 
  i bet he has n't been once to a city council meeting to raise his concerns about all the things he wrote in his blog . 
  half of his questions would have been answered there . 
  most of his concerns would have been addressed by the authorities that are available at these meetings . 
  if you tell them there 's a scaffolding somewhere they actually go and check if there 's a permit for it and if it was build to code . 
  been there , done that . 
  plans for the road construction were most likely discussed there , the plans were probably even publicly available in the city hall . 
  but guess what , if you do n't participate , other people make the decisions . 
  they have n't moved . 
  just the usual diplomatic talk about `` looking into the matter '' and `` working together closely '' . 
  the latest public eu communication is from july . 
   despite stepping up political and technical contacts , there have not been comparable indications of progress with the united states as those seen with canada . 
  during the last three months , the united states has not moved towards lifting of the visa requirement for bulgarian , croatian , cypriot , polish and romanian citizens to travel to the united states . 
  the commission will therefore continue to push for full visa reciprocity in coordination with the five member states concerned to accelerate delivery of results . 
  in this respect , the commission will use all opportunities , including the joint breakfast of eu foreign affairs council and secretary kerry on 18 july and the next eu-us justice and home affairs ministerial and senior officials meeting foreseen before the end of 2016 to explore the way ahead and all options or necessary actions to be taken to achieve this objective . 
    http://ec.europa.eu/dgs/home-affairs/e-library/documents/policies/borders-and-visas/visa-policy/docs/situation_of_non-reciprocity_with_certain_third_countries_in_the_area_of_visa_policy_en.pdf, 
  canada already has visa free access to the schengen area . 
  the us already has visa free access to the schengen area . 
  the non-eu uk does n't currently have visa free access to the schengen area . 
  take a hint . 
  full visa reciprocity is eu law . 
  no country will be added to the list of countries whose citizen have visa-free access to the eu/schengen zone if that country does n't allow the same for alle eu/schengen countries . 
   i 'm pretty sure people wo n't mind seeing soldiers patrolling the borders if these soldiers are their countrymen . 
  remember the backlash the eu got last year when they suggested to turn frontex into a border agency that can be deployed against the will of member states ? 
  many conceived this as an attack on their sovereignty . 
  and that was just talking about additional forces , not replacing national forces . 
  a defense union sounds good as an abstract concept . 
  once the concept gets more concrete we 'll see plenty of complains . 
  even from countries that currently appear all-in on the idea . 
  -- two weeks ago, 
   i 'll be honest , i have no idea why we did n't just funnel money to italy and greece to help them keep the refugees . 
  it 's way easier to send a check than to try and house people across a continent . 
  they do n't want that money . 
  they do n't want to be the refugee dump of the eu . 
  our strategy always has been to hope that not too many come . 
  and their strategy has been to hope that they leave as fast as they can . 
  it worked out quite nicely for everyone until summer 2015 . 
   i 've never head that the italian marine , that rescued a overloaded ship , escorted the shop back to tunisia or marocco . 
  of course not . 
  because that would contradict the lectures we give putin about respecting sovereign borders of other countries . 
  as long as there 's no repatriation deal in place with tunisia and morocco the european navies ( everyone brings rescued asylum seekers to italy/greece ) ca n't enter their territory . 
  if they work in the special forces . 
  ( btw , not a burqa in that photo ), 
   the question on which the difference lies is this `` can the usa be trusted to protect european interests '' . 
  if the european interests is the integrity of the current eu borders then the answer will be the same in all eu countries . 
  yes . 
  even if trump wins , the us wo n't leave nato . 
  and the us wo n't make nato protection depending on spending either . 
  the us might work to make the 2 % spending goal obligatory , but that 'll be it . 
  they know very well what will happen if they announce that they leave nato . 
  next day , half the eu and turkey will announce that they 'll leave the nuclear non-proliferation treaty . 
  which is something that the us public and the government like even less than `` paying for the protection of europe '' . 
  somewhere in the dublin regulations is a passage that says that a country can voluntarily assume responsibility for processing asylum applications . 
  that 's what germany did , for syrians . 
  that 's what a couple of media outlets reported . 
  and then some media outlets decided that `` germany suspends the dublin regulation '' makes a better headline . 
  the eu prefers free market economy . 
  there are also market realities that can hardly be reconciled under one unified policy . 
  for example there are huge differences in cost of running infrastructure . 
  there will also be a large difference between location of contract and location of use . 
  only very few people from romania will get a contract from germany so they can use their phones in romania . 
  these differences make regulation next to impossible . 
  a regulated market also tends to innovate slower . 
  which means the eu would stagnate in yet another area of technology . 
   or how about they do n't do that , and let companies and customers to sort this out themselves ? 
  that 's what we had before the eu tried to regulate roaming fees . 
  we are now at a point where companies are limited in their options to `` sort it out themselves '' , because the eu will force them to offer free roaming . 
   it 's not much of a single market if there are barriers that force people to buy services from their own countries . 
  without 100 % regulation of the infrastructure there wo n't ever be a single market in areas that require local infrastructure and do n't have place for additional infrastructure . 
  such regulation could mean separation of infrastructure and services , or an equal access fee for all market participants . 
  a single market ca n't grow naturally in these areas . 
  they will come up with another , slightly different idea to prevent that people get mobile contracts in other countries . 
  if they do n't go complete retarded and regulate the whole eu mobile infrastructure to a point where every provider gets cheap and equal-cost access to all networks , there must be limits to roaming . 
  if you use a mobile phone in germany you need to use infrastructure in germany . 
  no matter where you got your contract from . 
  a german company ca n't continue to provide that infrastructure if half its clients switch to a provider in a different country . 
  probably paprika . 
  like the paprika chips that you can get pretty much ( as far as i know ) all over europe , but are more complicated to find in countries like the us . 
  no problem . 
  just have to turn the uk into a developing country and you 'll get an epa deal .
