   they have not built satellites with that capability in over two decades i believe . 
  less than one decade . 
  gps iii satellites do n't have selective availability capabilities . 
  procuring them started in 2007 . http://archive.defense.gov/releases/release.aspx?releaseid=11335, 
   nato article 5 still stands , they wo n't have a choice . 
  whatcha gon na do ? 
  invade them if they ignore article 5 ? 
   besides , it would be in their interest to intervene , otherwise nato would fall apart . 
  to a lot of americans that might be less of a concern if the other option is to engage in a long and bloody war with russia that has the risk to turn into a global nuclear war . 
   pretty simple , we do n't rely on the us for our defense . 
   we do . 
  we hope that the us stops the russkie in countries east of us . 
   an orderly exit has not been offered at all . 
  the eu is the one restricting any negotiations right now . 
  an orderly exit would be allowing free talks between all member states to talk about what they want in the upcoming negotiations , forbidding any talks and forcing chaos is definitely not orderly . 
  the uk can decide when they invoke article 50 . 
  so allowing any talks before invoking a50 would be advantageous for the uk , and disadvantageous for the eu . 
  the uk could single-handedly set the pace of the negotiations . 
  the result of the talks were n't to the liking of the uk ? 
  delay article 50 some more in hope that new elections in the countries that oppose you change something . 
  -- here 's what the uk should have done : 1 . 
  brexit referendum is counted 2 . 
  cameron invokes article 50 and says `` i did n't expect that result . 
  we are not ready yet , but i am certain that the eu and the uk can work together to find a solution that is okay for both of us . 
  we will start informal talks with the member states right now . 
  we are currently gathering a negotiation team , that will start official negotiations once the eu has signalled that they are ready too '' and it would have turned out that the negotiations would have been prolonged at least one time ( i.e. 
  until june 2020 ) because there would be way less hostilities between uk and eu , and everyone could have agreed that an `` amicable divorce '' is good for everyone involved . 
  here 's what the uk did instead : 1 . 
  brexit referendum is counted 2 . 
  ministers of uk say shit like `` we wo n't reveal what we want . 
  but this particular eu thing sucks , so we do n't want that at all . 
  we will hire the best of the best to get the best deal for the uk . 
  the eu ca n't tell us what to do , we decide when to invoke article 50 !, 
  we buy your prosecco !, 
  britain stronk !, 
  eu weak !, 
  we do n't need you at all ! '', 
  and it will turn out that if the uk and the eu wo n't come to an agreement within 2 years after invoking a50 ( i.e. 
  until end of march 2019 , if may goes through with her plan ) , several member states will veto a prolongation of the negotiations . 
  ----- in my opinion britain gambled away a lot of chances for an `` amicable divorce '' by their efforts to appear tough against the eu . 
  article 50 negotiations will crash hard . 
  and in april 2019 , when the uk asks the eu member states for a prolongation , the uk will realise how many bridges they have burned since the referendum . 
  one has to repeat it constantly , otherwise brits might believe that prosecco is that one weird trick that makes the eu submissive . 
  tl ; dr : over the next 9 years the core brand will cut 23,000 jobs in germany without firing anyone , i.e. 
  they do n't replace people who retire , and offer people early retirement . 
  they also agreed to create 9,000 new jobs in electrical car manufacturing in germany until 2025 . 
  considering the state of vw 's finances and their image , that 's a success for labor unions . 
  the afghans in afghanistan ? 
  they could fight for their country and keep the taliban in check . 
  the afghan armed forces have problems recruiting people who are willing to fight for their country . 
  there are currently 1010 german soldiers in afghanistan to help them against the taliban . 
  meanwhile 250,000 afghans come to germany to have a better life . 
  repatriation is voluntarily . 
  deportation is involuntarily . 
  once an asylum request is denied , the asylum seeker gets a letter that informs them that they are `` ausreisepflichtig '' , obliged to leave the country . 
  they are usually offered a small sum of money if they leave voluntarily , so they can support themselves for a weeks or two in their home country . 
  if they miss the deadline to leave voluntarily , they can be deported . 
  in that case they are picked up by the police and brought to the airport . 
  federal police escorts them back to their home country . 
  every human being can request asylum and be that privileged . 
  here 's how german asylum system works . 
  1 . asylum seeker enters germany 2 . asylum seeker tells first authority ( e.g. 
  police officer ) he sees `` i want asylum '' 3 . asylum seeker is brought to police office 4 . asylum seeker is entered into easy-system ( erstverteilung der asylbegehrenden ) 5 . 
  easy-system says `` this asylum seeker has to go to dresden , saxony '' 6 . asylum seeker gets a train ticket to dresden , or they are put on a bus that drives asylum seekers to dresden 7 . asylum seeker checks in into first reception facility in dresden 8 . asylum seeker waits many weeks , often months 9 . reception facility says `` you can now request asylum '' 10 . asylum seeker fills out the paperwork to request asylum 11 . asylum seeker hands in the paperwork 12 . federal migration office puts asylum application onto huge pile of applications 13 . federal migration office enters paperwork into their system 14 . weeks pass 15 . asylum seeker is interviewed by migration office 16 . weeks/months pass 15 . asylum seeker gets a letter from migration office that tells him the outcome of his asylum application they are registered in step 4 . 
  they officially request asylum in step 13 . 
  that 's the point . 
  if there would be enforced borders within the schengen zone , there would be no need for eu wide weapons rules . 
   also , gun regulations within the eu are pretty much meaningless when there are no borders between countries anymore , if i wanted i could come to france with a trunk full of guns , rifles and grenades within 2 days from now by car , and the only thing that could stop me is the highway patrolls that stop one in a thousand cars . 
  that 's precisely the point of the eu wide proposal of gun regulation . 
  did it actually happen ? 
  - yes -  not fake news - no -  fake news, 
  if you send foreign soldiers to a country it 's called annexing , not fighting for independence . 
  did latvia send green men that are totally not latvian soldiers but bought their equipment in latvian military surplus stores into the country ? 
  read the linked [ ft article ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/480b4ae0-aa9e-11e6-9cb3-bb8207902122 ) . 
  as usual it 's much better than the `` summary '' by businessinsider . 
  white genocide is totally a thing !, 
  open your eyes sheeple !, 
  some weird translation from `` einfach freundlich '' . 
  the slogans in other languages seem to be closer to the original . 
   the german one just screams for something with good engineering , quality . 
  tourist do n't visit factories and engineering offices . 
  so why something with engineering ? 
  always has been . 
  their two main tasks are to coordinate between the national agencies of member states , and to document illegal migration trends . 
  they have 0 border protection officers . 
  they were never meant to be an agency that has actual law enforcement capabilities . 
  because giving them these capabilities would have taken away sovereignty from member states . 
  the eu members tend to design eu agencies with as few capabilities as possible . 
  and in a crisis the members then complain that the eu is useless because it could n't prevent the crisis . 
  and when the eu asks for more capabilities for their agencies the members complain about loss of sovereignty . 
  because of the refugee crisis , frontex will be transformed into the european border and coast guard . 
  which will actually have law enforcement capabilities . 
  and if urgency requires it and the functioning of the schengen zone ( which in this case includes associate members like switzerland , and eu countries who are obliged to join later like romania ) is under threat , these capabilities will also be used if a member state believes that everything is okay on their border . 
  which stirred up a lot of anger in greece because the european border and coast guard is apparently a german attempt of invading greece to make them pay debts and steal their riches . 
  jerome avec le mini moustache . 
  he lives in rouen and has to go to the train station to meet some girl who has a cat . 
  but i forgot all these french words besides gare and chat . 
  why ca n't you anti-globalists stick to your own country ? 
  please provide more context . 
  what country are you talking about , what numbers would be more correct , and what makes you come to that conclusion ?
