  taxis can not legally deny service to someone who wants to travel in the mandatory service area . 
  taxis have to provide 24/7 service in an area . 
  uber follows none of that . 
  some things are just incompatible . 
  you ca n't be in the eu customs union and not enforce the customs border with a country not in the customs union . 
  why are you only ordering 52 of them ? 
   it 's a matter of principle here , because that same could have been done on the opposite party . 
  hopefully . 
  parties that have been ruled unconstitutional by the constitutional court should not receive tax money . 
  no matter which point of the political spectrum they call their home . 
   just censorship for the ideas they do n't like it 's punishment for being anti-constitutional . 
  we 're safe for now . 
  lego fans ca n't launch it to space . 
  the lego galileo satellite does n't fit into the lego saturn v model . 
  exactly . 
  3/4 of the unsc say `` we 'll erect a no-fly zone over syria to prevent the bombardment of civilians by assad '' . 
  and russia says `` we 'll prevent that from happening . 
  we 'll enforce the syrian right to self-defence '' . 
  then what ? 
  who will engage russian forces in syria ? 
  who will risk a war with russia over syria ? 
  and that 's just a resolution that wo n't be enforced . 
  there are others that have the potential to destroy the unsc . 
  3/4 of the unsc say `` we 'll condemn the us bombardments of civilians in syria '' . 
  and the us says `` fuck that , we will no longer participate in unsc meetings '' . 
  but at least there was n't a veto and the unsc is now really effective . 
   it would be far better to increase the unsc size to 7-9 members and use a 3/4 majority vote or so . 
  but the current unsc would veto such a change . 
  and then the 3/4 majority declares war against the usa because they do n't do what they say ? 
  if someone does a false flag operation about the use of sarin , why would n't they use sarin ? 
  ireland is on that list because it has an opt-out from the eu schengen rules . 
  the eu can not and will not decide which countries get visa free access to ireland . 
   they let the entire mobile market grow into countries divides , while inside the single market . 
  because of physics . 
  you ca n't use your austrian provider in germany without using infrastructure of a german provider . 
  from the customers perspective there will never be a real `` single market '' in telecommunications . 
   well thats the thing , it does n't have to be communism , if you do not have free movement you do n't need to control where people go because no one will let them . 
  not having freedom of movement can only prevent immigration . 
  it ca n't prevent emigration . 
  in recent times only communism was willing to prevent people from emigrating . 
   but this smells of a journalist fishing for a story by calling someone at systembolaget and asking them to comment on what finland is doing . 
  the link behind `` a commentary '' leads to ec.europa.eu . 
  that 's an official comment . 
  systembolaget imports 1 can of beer for 0.50 $ . 
  they then pay 1.00 $ of alcohol excise tax on that to the swedish tax authority . 
  the 0.30 $ difference to the sales price will pay for the stores and the employees . 
  and if sweden doubles the tax to 2.00 $ per can of beer , they still wo n't make a profit if they sell the can for 2.80 $ . 
  this is an oversimplified example . 
  but if the state controls the taxes , the market and the stores , `` not making a profit '' just means to shift the money somewhere else . 
  axes from fiskars . 
  angry birds from rovio . 
  knives from marttiini . 
  tires from nokian . 
  watches from suunto . 
  according to http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/irl/ , irelands top export destinations in 2015 were 1 . 
  usa 34.3 b$ 2 . 
  uk 18.9 b$ 4 . 
  germany 11.5 b$ 5 . 
  switzerland 7.41 b$, 
  otherwise plenty of these countries would show china . 
  the netherlands are the biggest export destination of russia . 
  the people who like to watch movies for free should make movies . 
  then they could distribute them for free without any interference from the judicial branch . 
  because you bought it in canada . 
  when ceta comes into effect you will no longer be able to buy feta from denmark in canada . 
  only `` danish feta-style cheese '' . 
  and canadian feta if the company that produces it has been using the feta name before 18 october 2013 . 
  it is n't . 
  here 's the eu [ ` database of origin & registration ' ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/agriculture/quality/door/list.html;jsessionid=pl0hlqqlxhnmfqyfl1b24my3t9djqpflg3xbl2yphgt4k6zdwn34%21-370879141 ) , it lists feta as a protected designation of origin . 
  i say it like it 's the law . 
  the importer is responsible for correct import declarations . 
  you are right , the eu sets minimum excise taxes . 
  but my point still stands , per your link :  for private individuals , who buy alcohol for their own use , the tax is paid in the member state of origin i.e. 
  where they buy the alcoholic beverages . 
  this is the case even if they bring these goods into another member state . 
  ~ ~ excise taxes are n't a eu regulation , they are the sole responsibility of the member states . ~ ~ not sure how it is in other countries , but at least in germany excise taxes are also not paid by the seller , they are paid by the producer and importer . 
  regardless of who pays excise taxes , customers should be exempt from paying excise taxes if they import for personal use and the goods have been properly taxed in the country of the seller . 
  last time ( january 2016 ) i ordered something from aliexpress via dhl i paid import taxes on 86 $ shipping because the seller did n't indicate the cost of shipping separately , and dhl just assumed i paid 86 $ on shipping . 
  price of the thing i ordered was 76 $ including shipping . 
  dhl also charged something like 15 $ for handling customs for me . 
  and 10 $ ( 2 % of customs fees , minimum 10 $ ) because they loaned the customs fees for me for two days . 
  unless you mean to order via china post , which will hand your stuff over to the national carrier at the border . 
  in that case you are responsible for handling customs yourself . 
  pedantic fun fact : if you order something from outside the eu that is worth more than the national threshold for import tax ( 22 $ in germany ) , but the seller puts `` gift , 5 $ '' on it and the customs office believes that , you are committing tax evasion if you do n't contact the customs office to correct the invoice and pay what you owe . 
   even the local eshops in czechia ( smaller than the average bundesland ) have delivery fees in range 45-190 czk for a small object . 
  i was talking about amazon . 
  which has very predictable shipping costs in germany . 
   you do care from where the item will be shipped ? 
  it 's ridiculous , because even for amazon.de , many items will be physically located in another countries i care if i have to pay extra . 
  i also care when i have to discuss warranty issues with entities in other countries and if i have to ship to other countries ( = more expensive ) to return goods . 
  the only way to not pay value-added tax is tax evasion . 
  which is highly illegal . 
  corporations like amazon use legal tax avoidance to reduce the amount of corporate taxes they have to pay . 
  which is an entirely different topic , because corporation taxes are paid where you are incorporated . 
  it should n't , but it is . 
  the common market does n't really regulate taxes . 
  a business that reaches the threshold for vat payments in other eu members has to register with the tax authorities and has to pay value-added taxes in that country . 
  for example the threshold in germany is 12,500 $ , in france it 's 10,000 $ in ireland it 's 41,000 $ . 
  so if i , as a german business , sell goods worth more than 10,000 $ to french customers per year i have to get a french tax account and i have to pay french value-added tax on that . 
  regardless of the amount of sales , i always have to declare the french vat properly on my invoices for french customers .
