  maybe their former community will see them as traitors , as greedy assholes that betrayed their country . 
  there is a good chance these returnees will end up being homeless in their capital . 
  sure thing . 
  we pay every african nation 1000 $ for every rejected asylum seeker they take back . 
  and then every african nation pays their citizens 250 $ each if they request asylum in the eu . 
  trip and expenses are paid by the government . 
  it 's a win-win situation . 
  african people have more money , africa has more money , and the eu can deport people 24/7 . 
  because we let countries join the eu and not individual citizens of these countries ? 
  are there nationalists that do n't use that slogan ? 
  we germans are a bit more specific though . 
  yes . 
  it will literally be exactly like today . 
  and just look how easy it is to deport people . 
  but with sensors everything will be better . 
  because we will find these people . 
  nowadays they all hide in the bushes , and the police ca n't find them . 
   in the adriatic they 're not coming from turkey . 
  put them back ashore in serbia or albania and these countries will bring them right back to greece , using the same argument . 
  and the ball is back in eu 's court . 
  so basically the asylum process . 
  and 45 % ( average eu-28 rate of recognition for asylum decisions made in q2/2015 , recognition rate today is most likely higher because more syrians are among the asylum seekers ) of the people can stay in the eu . 
  and the rest of them is obliged to leave the eu . 
  in theory . 
  and countries will deport them . 
  in theory . 
  it 's pointless to build a expensive system with sensors and shit when everyone who is detected just enters the regular asylum process . 
  that 's just the status quo , not a deterrent . 
   well if you are unable to send them back , than it is even more imperative that you do n't let them cross the border . 
  `` not let them cross the border '' is not a realistic option . 
  in the end , the only way to stop people from crossing a border is the use of lethal force . 
  if you do n't intend to use lethal force , it wo n't take long until migrants will realize that . 
  and then they will cross the border . 
  the only way for the eu to stop the influx , is to figure out a way to deport people quickly . 
  we all know a very good example for this , the us-mexican border . 
  if mexicans could argue that they are refugees according to the un convention the fence would be pointless , because everyone who makes it over the border could stay in the us . 
  but mexicans have to cross the border , then they have to get away from the border as fast as possible . 
  and after that they have to reach their final destination without being found . 
  and once they are there they have to live their lives without ever being detected . 
  because when they are detected they will be deported . 
  maybe countries in africa think they do n't have to follow un conventions ? 
  maybe they believe they are outdated because they were signed decades ago . 
  and now they have to be changed for the situation of today . 
  that would basically be the same opinion as many people in the eu have . 
  looks like he wants to be the next chancellor . 
  it 's seems like a good strategy to act actively against merkel . 
  realistically she ca n't make him resign , because that has a big potential to bring down the whole government . 
  with his few announcements in the last weeks de maizi\u00e8re is now known as the voice of reason in the current government . 
  and even if she agrees with his suggestions , since he made them first , he will be the one that gets the credit for it . 
   if they do n't then what harm does reforming migrant benefits do ? 
  it will hurt uk citizens because by eu rules the only way to reform in-work benefits is to reform them for all eu citizens . 
  discrimination against eu nationals is against the rules . 
  so if you want to cut in-work benefits for migrants , you have to cut them for uk citizens as well . 
  but well , eastern europeans who supposedly abuse the welfare system might be a good excuse to cut benefits for everyone . 
  when merkel proposed that the eu controls the border in greece , [ \\ / r/europe was outraged ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3lypox/merkel_to_propose_greece_partly_hands_over/ ? ) . 
  \\ #thisisacoupthistimeforreal \\ #thefourtheuroreichiscoming, 
  and then what ? 
  say your sensor goes off and you find a boat with 20 people . 
  what 's next ? 
  what do you do with these people ? 
  keep in mind that turkey wo n't take them back . 
  slovenia wo n't let them enter because croatia is responsible for asylum seekers that are in croatia . 
  probably made in china . 
  as long as they do n't discriminate against other eu nationals they can do whatever they want . 
  which means the rules for uk citizens and other eu citizens must be the same . 
  that is required by the eu freedom of movement for workers rules . 
  user from lithuania :  in the the it does not matter , it will still damage our society . 
  turn hordes back . 
  full quote because it might get funny when you actually read the article . 
  ( this is about the good migrants from the eastern part of the eu . 
  not the bad migrants from muslim country . ), 
  i do n't get it . 
  a general strike in greece does n't put any pressure on the creditors . 
  they could n't care less if greek businesses lose money and by extension the greek government loses tax income . 
  the payback plans greece has to adhere to contain absolute sums , not sums relative to gdp . 
  do they really expect a new bailout deal with better conditions ? 
  they ca n't be that stupid . 
  greek is already in a weak position , a general strike will just hurt them more . 
  if they were smart they would have another referendum . 
  it would change the stance of the creditors as much as a general strike , but they would not have to cope with the loss of productivity and reputation . 
  saturation level : 11, 
  sex , money and crime ? 
  and if they are migrants or descendant of migrants , their experience with that situation . 
  what ? 
  there are actually people who believe it 's a good idea to put 10 year olds into different schools depending on their perceived skill level ? 
  you were n't so good in school in fourth grade ? 
  congratulations , we 'll put you into realschule , so the chance that you will make it to university is very low . 
  it 's a sick desire anyway . 
  if you and your sister work in the same job , and you stay in europe while she stays in the us , in 30 years your sister will have much more money in the bank . 
  probably , at least if the voter is employed by a business . 
  and in return we tell them that they ca n't sentence people to 350 lashes because they have wine in the car . 
  sounds fair . 
  in the less populated part of canada . 
  so who is going to be europe 's papua new guinea ? 
  britain ? 
  the australian solution does not work if you do n't have an island where you can dump all the people that you ca n't send back . 
   this is the part i do n't understand . 
  why does someone who committed acts of terrorism abroad have the right to return here ? 
  because they have eu citizenship . 
  i 'm too lazy to look it up , but i 'm pretty sure the eu does not allow to remove eu citizenship from people who would become stateless .
