  poland 4,400 7 . 
  the netherlands 2,600 8 . 
  finland 2,200 9 . 
  sweden 1,700 10 . 
  portugal 1,500 11 . 
  greece 1,500 12 . 
  romania 1,000 14 . 
  ireland 825 16 . 
  hungary 692 17 . 
  czech republic 526 19 . 
  bulgaria 467 20 . 
  estonia 430 22 . 
  lithuania 255 24 . 
  cyprus 230 25 . 
   lol fake statistic ... they count cdu and spd because they are in coalition right now the first graph is about the person merkel . 
  it 's neither about the cdu nor about the grand coalition . 
   but schulz from spd has more % in next votings than merkel cdu . 
  the `` sunday-question '' from 13 . 
  april has the spd at 31 % , while cdu/csu is at 34 % . 
  the schulz-train has already engaged its brakes . 
  in real values germany added almost half of the ukrainian gdp to its gdp . 
  fun fact : not every entity in a country has access to the bank account of the federal government . 
  when the state brandenburg wants to renovate buildings ( an actual eib funded project ) sch\u00e4uble wo n't pay for it . 
  would be nice if we could use past tense . 
  as of today kfor is still in kosovo to be able to prevent further conflicts . 
  in an alternate universe where nato did n't intervene :  also a shame that european countries , my country included , watched while a genocide happened in another european country . 
  i thought we had said enough with that shit once and for all . 
  totally wrong analogy . 
  there 's a good chance that cancer will go away after surgery and chemo . 
  terror wo n't go away if you cancel a football match . 
  but maybe you mean we should all convert to islam . 
   if you look to the us and the uk , you see examples of successful transfer unions . 
  germany too . 
  but all countries that do transfers between different regions are a lot more than transfer unions . 
  they have common fiscal policy , they have common tax rules , and common tax enforcement . 
  or as the americans once said : no taxation without representation . 
  we should certainly talk about a proper fiscal union with common policy and transfers . 
  but a transfer union , even if in disguise , hopefully wo n't happen . 
   visa overstay rates could be used as a much more sensible and objective indicator , guess why they are n't ? 
  because that would be stupid . 
  they issue visa only to people who have a low risk for overstaying . 
  you ca n't infer the risk of overstaying of the general population from overstays of people who are at low risk of overstaying . 
  that was actually an appropriate context to make that joke . 
  magnitudes better than the idiotic anschluss meme . 
  still magnitudes harder than not extending a temporary contract . 
  it has . 
  they now have much less problems with betriebsr\u00e4te . 
  in 2010 they have adopted an internal minimum wage of 10 $ . 
  since march 2017 lidl 's minimum is at 12 $ . 
  for comparison , national minimum wage is 8.84 $ since january 2017 . 
  as opposed to temporary contracts that have to be renewed every 6 months . 
   so anyone going to the uk who ` wants to add france to the trip ' will find zero changes from this . 
  where zero means `` everything '' ? 
  americans currently do n't need a visa for the schengen area . 
  if the eu abolishes the visa-free travel regime for us citizens they need a visa to the schengen area . 
  which means before taking the train from uk to france they have to get a schengen visa . 
   it could be a fair deal for germany to say to poland : `` we 'll cancel nord stream 2 but for that you will accept your refugees quota '' . 
  sounds awesome . 
  then we can continue to pressure poland into being our bitch , or we 'll build nord stream 3 , or 4 or 5 . 
  / s obviously, 
  can confirm . 
  live in saxony , around 100km from czech border . 
  we have a big crystal meth problem . 
  with that came theft , burglaries and the occasional hyper-aggressive meth user that wants to punch everyone and everything . 
  something like 200 of the 35,000 children born in saxony per year have birth defects related to crystal meth . 
   i 'm afraid if the uk wo n't accept free movement they 'll run into a brick wall and get treated like canada . 
  so they 'll get a free trade agreement like ceta ? 
  there is a difference between a free trade agreement and membership in the eu single market . 
  here 's a 5 minute video that tries to explain the difference : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hf8ehb5-ham, 
   statistically there are very little dutch people elegible compared to other huge countries that are elegible such as russia . 
  so it 's not really giving us much of a chance if for every 1 dutch participant there are thousands more russian ones . 
  diversity lottery slots are allotted on a per country basis . 
  if you participate you will only compete against other people of your nationality . 
   my point is : is it not easier to provide better and easier visa schemes to the people you are actively trying to attract , rather than leaving it to entire blind luck ? 
  it 's not blind luck . 
  once you won you will be invited for an interview . 
  they 'll ask you why they should give you a green card . 
  they 'll ask you why they should believe that you wo n't be a burden on the public . 
  and if they do n't like your answers you 'll be dropped like a hot potato . 
  -- btw , we 're talking about 50,000 dv lottery slots per year . 
  for comparison : 846,000 eu citizens moved to germany in 2015 . 
   it 's the same if you 're an italian father slapping your child in sweden or an american grabbing posters in dprk . 
  only one of them will be subject to 15 years imprisonment . 
  i 'm generous and ignore the work-to-death program . 
   there are great humorous stories in the local newspapers here during autumn about stuff like that . 
  and i bet most of them are urban legends that never happened . 
  bad pen calibration wo n't be an issue when you vote with pen and paper though . 
  first result when you enter ` what is the posted workers directive ? ', 
  into google : http://ec.europa.eu/social/main.jsp?catid=471 -- why some people are against it ? 
  because they want to undercut businesses who do n't post workers to different countries . 
  many companies can not compete on quality or service , so they have to compete on price . 
  apparently it 's a great british tradition to spend the money you just saved multiple times . 
  without a doubt the us would be the most popular destination for german emigrants if it would be easier to move there . 
  before switzerland introduced freedom of movement in 2002 , the us was the most popular destination for germans . 
  9.7 % ( 13,438 ) of the germans who left germany in 2015 moved to the us . 
  second place after switzerland , which was the destination for 13.2 % ( 18,266 ) . 
  next one would be austria with 7.4 % ( 10,239 ) and the uk with 6.4 % and 8,917 germans who moved there . 
  the average german wo n't admit that he would love to live in the us . 
  but given the opportunity , he will at least seriously consider it . 
   the president is also head of government and that 's what matters .
