  and then the eu says fuck you and kicks turkey out of the customs union . 
  you ca n't invite a crisis that has been going for years by making a statement in late august 2015 . 
  how should the greek coast guard handle people who sink their boat ? 
  let them drown ? 
  or rescue them so they can request asylum ? 
  and deporting people right away is a violation of the un refugee convention . 
  you have to process every single asylum request . 
  which takes a while . 
  then you have to arrange a deportation with their home country . 
  which requires that you establish their identity first . 
  which can get a bit complicated if they do n't cooperate . 
  and all these poor countries that currently host refugee camps do n't want to be the refugee dump for the biggest economy in the world . 
  not even for money . 
  because the oecd published the 2014 data yesterday . 
  so any better plans to stop the asylum seeker influx to the eu ? 
  no data available for 2014 . 
  from the article : http://i.imgur.com/8iqmq16.png, 
  safeguard clause versus guillotine clause . 
  who is going to win ? 
  fascism ? 
  the current situation is simply madness . 
  and i say that as someone who is actually very pro refugee . 
  the same hungary that let hundred thousands of people enter the eu ? 
  between q2/2014 and q2/2015 more than 101000 people requested asylum in hungary . 
  [ ( source ) ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:first_time_asylum_applicants,_q2_2014_\u2013_q2_2015.png ), 
  vietnamese people would sell illegal beer behind local supermarkets . 
  the guy that looks a lot like cem \u00d6zdemir declined to vote . 
  if the blond women is claudia roth it looks like she voted no . 
  and merkel voted yes . 
  not secret at all . 
   seriously , this is a recorded vote . 
  blue means yes , red no and white abstention . 
  these votes are the ones where you can see the result in the internet . 
  anonymous votes happen similar to the way the general public votes . 
  unmarked ballot paper and a voting booth . 
  the parliament uses a couple different voting methods . 
  most votes simply happen by raising hands . 
  in that case the majority is eye-balled . 
  if it 's not possible to determine which position has the majority by doing that , the so called hammelsprung is used . 
  everyone leaves , and they come back through three different doors , `` yes '' , `` no '' and `` abstention '' . 
  there are also anonymous votes , where everyone gets a ballot paper , fills it out in secret in a voting booth and throws it into a ballot box . 
  what you see here is a recorded vote . 
  they happen if a complete fraction or at least 5 % of the parliament members request it . 
  in that case each parliament member has three cards with his name . 
  blue for yes , red for no , white for abstention . 
  the result of such recorded votes are published and can be seen by everyone . 
  poland , slovakia and the czech republic are very important parts of the supply chain of the german automotive industry . 
  and vice versa . 
  adding just half an hour waiting time at the border will cost these companies a lot of money . 
  for economic reasons we prefer to be part of a mini-schengen that includes poland , the czech republic and slovakia . 
  two-speed everything . 
  it 's a great plan for everything . 
  instead of fixing the stuff that does n't work , just remove it . 
   tl ; dr the eu has forced greece to turn itself into a migrant camp . 
  it 's going to give no help in preventing migrants from reaching greece , it will just forcibly turn the country into a giant migrant camp . 
  what to do with those migrants is currently not planned . 
  is n't the [ eu hotspot concept ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/dgs/home-affairs/what-we-do/policies/european-agenda-migration/background-information/docs/2_hotspots_en.pdf ) part of that ? 
  the eu help greece to determine who is a risk-free refugee and who is n't within a couple days . 
  the ones who are n't will be deported with the help of frontex . 
  the ones who are refugees will be resettled to other eu countries . 
  unfortunately we ca n't close a sea border without watching people drown . 
  so the only way to control the influx is to not let these people do what they want once they are inside eu . 
  if economic migrants are n't able to reach the generous parts of the eu , they will stop trying sooner or later . 
  thanks lithuania , it 's always great to see countries supporting un efforts . 
  may all your soldiers return unharmed . 
  -- in case someone wants to read a bit more about the un mission im mali : http://www.un.org/en/peacekeeping/missions/minusma/index.shtml, 
  i 'm not forgetting that . 
  that 's why i used 70 % for germany . 
  sweden and austria distribute 25 % among themselves . 
  and greece , slovenia and croatia share the other 5 % among them . 
  and that 's 100 % . 
  and it 's still only half of the burden that each of the 6 countries have to cope with today . 
  and keep in mind that the resettled people will be people who are actually in need . 
  we wo n't resettle the afghan that wants to find some work . 
  we 'll resettle the family that wants to send their kids to school . 
  or the family that needs medical care for their mother . 
  we do n't resettle people who are motivated by economic reasons . 
  so it 's not that clear that they will actually continue to germany . 
  for example human rights are at the core of the european values . 
  since we like to criticize arab countries for their human rights violations , `` arabs do it , why ca n't we do it '' is a really shitty argument . 
  have you read the part that you quoted ? 
   '' ... ** germany expects to receive ** up to 800,000 asylum seekers in 2015 , a new record , the country 's interior minister said on wednesday , as he urged action from europe on the crisis . * ... '', 
  a friend of mine expects a baby in 2016 . 
  does that mean that she 'll have approximately one baby over the next few years ? 
  yes . 
  in particular it 's a union that is run by democratic principle . 
  to put it simply , in a democracy the positions that are supported by the majority will be implemented . 
  so how do you get the majority for your proposal ? 
  do you just throw out one proposal after another in hope that it sticks ? 
  nope . 
  you look for like minded partners and involve them in the drafting process from the very beginning . 
  yes , democracy sucks if you ca n't find a majority for your positions . 
  you sound like the typical german way : `` ugh , everything that is n't perfect is shit . 
  let 's not even try . '', 
  i can pretty much guarantee that the other coalition forces appreciate the contribution . 
  the resettlement is part of a deal between eu and turkey about stopping the influx of irregular migration via turkey . 
  that will be difficult . 
  because most other countries do n't have such a weird system of in-work benefits . 
  the cost of adding such weirdness to the law in 27 eu countries so we are even able to discriminate against uk citizens will probably be higher than the money we could safe . 
  uh yes .
