  nobody would care . 
  and these are the cases were the state actually dispossesses the property of people . 
  these houses will be demolished anyway . 
  so if you insist on paying a couple thousand euro penalty for arson ... oh and btw , these houses belong to the municipality . 
  these families were renters . 
  sea monsters keep destroying the border fence . 
  i 'm not sure what i prefer . 
  bavarian police , or saxon police . 
  the latter watch 3 days of nazi riots without a single arrest . 
  they know european laws better than most people on \\ / r/europe . 
  many , if not all , eu countries offer family reunion for people who receive asylum ( not subsidiary protection ) . 
  the man applies for asylum in germany . 
  if he is granted asylum , he fills out a couple of forms . 
  his family goes to a german embassy and fills out more forms . 
  then their application is checked , and in case of syria most likely granted . 
  then the family receives papers that allow them to board a plane directly to germany . 
  much cheaper and less dangerous than taking your whole family on a trip across the mediterranean sea . 
  and according to eu statistics around 2/3 are male . 
  not quite 90 %, 
   however they often struggle with learning french ( no surprise here ) . 
  do they have to learn on their own ? 
  we should follow turkeys example and charge the bbc with aiding a terrorist group . 
  that would be so stupid . 
  hey mister syrian . 
  you are now an integrated member of the german society . 
  you found new friends . 
  and the company you work for is very happy to have you . 
  you pay taxes , you buy things , we do n't have to pay a single cent for you because you have a job . 
  and now please go away . 
  asylum seekers are split into two groups . 
  families and single men . 
  i think around 80 men live in a shared central facility . 
  the rest lives in regular apartments all over the city . 
  i guess that 's an advantage of the demographic change in east germany . 
  there are plenty of empty apartments . 
  mfw 25 years after unification east germany is still not considered germany, 
  we are very good at keeping them away . 
  : / but . 
  i would love to see a statistic from today . 
  my little town ( population ~ 25000 ) went from nearly 0 asylum seekers to  350 within 1.5 years . 
  and we 're expecting 50 more within the next few weeks . 
   incidentally , german unemployed people seem to be much less eager to do work than the refugees . 
  i would say we germans are more picky with the jobs we want . 
  and of course we are also picky with the location . 
  an unemployed person living in berlin does n't want to move to rural mecklenburg-vorpommern for a minimum wage job . 
  a refugee that is assigned to rural mecklenburg-vorpommern on the other hand ... 
  the us waits until poland and the uk take responsibility for the refugees that are caused by isis . 
  and ignoring eu law is the surest way to a breakup of the eu i 've ever seen . 
   how about you do something about the unemployment in europe of course . 
  and if germany does something it 's euroreich again . 
   and pay german workers more or reduce your trade surplus which is leaching money from the rest of europe and putting the rest of us through a lost decade well . 
  taking in refugees reduces the trade surplus . 
  because it increases internal consumption . 
  yes . 
  8 if you speak excellent german 7 . 
  if you volunteer for a local charity 6 . 
  if you have been granted asylum 6 as well . 
   why can he go to sweden and i cant ? 
  if you are eu citizen you are simply too afraid to try . 
   if i were in a dangerous situation in syria and reading the news about germany freely accepting any and all syrian asylum seekers that made their way to germany , i would do everything within my power to make my way there through any means possible . 
  but if i heard that anyone entering without having been pre-processed first would be sent back , then i would not take the risk of making my way all the way to the eu only to be sent back to the back of the line for legal processing . 
  instead you would go directly to the asylum processing center in syria . 
  and you would request asylum , and because you are from syria , you would get that asylum pretty much immediately . 
  you would then board a plane and a few hours later you are in germany . 
  the option to apply for asylum outside of eu borders is a good idea . 
  but in no way will this idea reduce the number of asylum applications the eu receives . 
  why stay in a refugee camp in turkey or lebanon when you can live , outside a camp , in the eu ? 
  even bumfuk , bulgaria offers a better perspective than a camp in lebanon . 
  one thing is guaranteed , the number of asylum applicants will increase tremendously if you do n't have to be on eu soil to request asylum . 
  i am not sure if that is your intention . 
  op should have editorialized the title to `` top migration official wants to eliminate benefits for asylum seekers and deport more people , more quickly . '', 
  the post would have two-digit upvotes . 
  though nobody would have read it either . 
  that part should explain once and for all why syrians do n't stay in turkey and lebanon :  the situation in transit countries like turkey and lebanon is deteriorating and the syrians ' sense of hopelessness is growing as well . 
  many syrians who fled to neighboring countries had hoped to return . 
  but now they are seeing the situation in syria become worse and worse . 
  nor do they see any opportunities in lebanon or turkey . 
  many children have n't had the possibility of going to school for years now . 
  a lost generation is starting to grow up there . 
  the result is that people now want to go to places where they feel they have the chance to build a life . 
  and the german defense budget of 2015 is 35 billion euro . 
  and almost all of that money flows back into the german economy . 
  it 'll be used to build and maintain housing , it 'll be used to hire teachers that teach the german language and culture . 
  we have to hire a lot of social workers and so on . 
  and refugees will spend their pocket money in germany too . 
  that could be a part of the internal consumption that germany needs ( and everyone was talking about before the refugee crisis ) . 
  and sch\u00e4uble ca n't say anything against it , because there is no other option that to spend that money . 
  i do n't give a fuck . 
  i live in germany , and i am very proud that my country does not copy the behavior of the ~ 150 shit-tier countries in the world . 
  says someone with a eu flag ... 
  guess what the eu is doing by having things like freedom of movement as one of the key principles . 
  that people from hungary and romania can come to germany to work as doctors undermines homogeneity . 
  50 years ago many people would have rejected treatment by someone from romania or hungary . 
  nowadays nobody thinks twice if the doctor introduces himself with `` doctor kov\u00e1cs '' . 
  that is the point of undermining homogeneity . 
  we do n't care anymore if the doctor is `` real german '' . 
  and that will help to keep unemployment rates among migrants low . 
  that 's the stuff that sutherland was asked , before he talked about undermining homogeneity . 
  he said that the united states , australia and new zealand are migrant societies . 
  because they do n't have that homogeneity .
