  it 's good that we basically have our own airfield in afghanistan . 
  from there the afghans can re-infiltrate into afghan territory . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/camp_marmal, 
  they are included . 
  no , it 's not . 
  this is solely about asylum seekers . 
  well , yes . 
  between january and october 2015 , 48865 people from albania , 32163 from kosovo , 15346 from serbia and 8050 from macedonia requested asylum in germany . 
  of the 19268 asylum decisions for serbs , 3 have been granted refugee status . 
  19 received a suspended deportation . 
  the other 19246 have to leave germany , and if they do n't leave they can ( and hopefully will ) be deported . 
  source is [ bamf report for october 2015 ( pdf , german ) ] ( http://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/downloads/infothek/statistik/asyl/201510-statistik-anlage-asyl-geschaeftsbericht.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ), 
   they 're literally saying that a serbian who goes to work in uk is considered a `` refugee '' . 
  they are literally saying that a serb who requests asylum in germany is an asylum seeker . 
   what exactly does greece have to lose if were thrown out of schengen ? 
  it does n't border any other schengen state not yet . 
   it was unfair of people to compare hungarians to hitler so it 's good that nobody did that . 
  sounds like you have n't been very attentive back then . 
  other eu countries have similar rules . 
  finland will basically follow the recommendations of the eu directive about family reunification . 
  a couple years ago germany even tried to require basic language proficiency ( a1 ) from the people that will move to germany via family reunification . 
  which was stopped by the european court of justice . 
   the immigrants wo n't be able to see their families for more than a year if they 're lucky so it would n't be different from today ? 
  family reunification is only possible after a person is accepted as refugee . 
  which already takes many months . 
  and family reunification is also not instant . 
  it 's a bureaucratic process which takes months as well . 
  nobody is stopping the family from requesting asylum as well . 
  though they have to be on eu soil for that . 
  i guess people smugglers would appreciate if we abolish family reunification . 
  and many other eu countries . 
  the rules finland wants to implement are basically the recommendations from the eu directive about family reunification . 
   and learning any language is a long process for adults , this is especially true for finnish . 
  nobody expects them to being able to hold university lectures about computer science . 
  reaching b2 language proficiency is possible for basically everyone . 
  the asylum process takes months which basically consist of waiting . 
  should be a good time to learn finnish . 
  and if it takes them a year , they can request family reunification after a year . 
  for obvious reason family reunification is n't possible before the final decision on the asylum application anyway . 
  and the english . 
  and \\ / r/europe considering that the article was posted here 2 days ago . 
  if the new visa rules come into effect , yes . 
  but they ca n't stay in the eu . 
  turkey does n't get free movement . 
  turkish citizens would be allowed to travel to europe for 90 days in every 180 day period . 
  but why would turkey give them citizenship ? 
  so they do n't have to return to syria ever again ? 
   talk about handing all of syria to isil on silver plate , considering 70 % of refugees are males aged 20 to 50 . 
  for scale , this is like one in four of finnish reservists would desert in case someone attacked us . 
  so which side would you pick in the syrian civil war ? 
  because that 's what happens in syria . 
  they are not under attack by an external enemy . 
  in 2007 30,303 people requested asylum in germany . 
  in 2014 the number was 202,834 . 
  of course you 'll be able to find an increase in crime in nationalities that come to germany as asylum seekers . 
   so how do you comment , that in 2007 , looking at only crime made by immigrants syrians made 0,6 % of all crime , but in 2014 they made 4,8 % . 
  i would blame the syrian civil war which increased the number of syrians in germany by orders of magnitude . 
  that civil war has started in 2011 . 
  in 2007 634 syrians request asylum in germany , in 2014 that number was up to 39,332 . 
   alsoo eritreans in 2007 - 0,2 % , now 2,9 % most eritreans in germany are asylum seekers or refugees . 
  i do n't have numbers for 2007 , but in 2013 3616 people from eritrea requested asylum , in 2014 the number was 13,198 . 
  so i would assume that in 2007 there were way lower numbers of eritreans in germany . 
   kosovo 0,0 % now 2,7 % and many of them are asylum seekers too . 
  in 2008 only 879 kosovaars requested asylum in germany , in 2014 the number was already 6908 . 
   while crime for poles was at 2007 - 6,8 now 7,1 % . 
  so no huge increase . 
  but what changed for poles between 2007 and 2014 ? 
  they joined schengen in 2007 , so we can rule that out . 
  and the answer is most likely : more poles net-migrated to germany . 
  if we look at crimes per pole/turk/syrian / eritrean who was in germany the numbers probably went down for all four groups . 
  i was not talking about germany . 
  i was talking about migration routes that involve turkey . 
  as far as i 'm concerned this would be totally voluntarily . 
  we should n't force eastern europe to help other countries in the union . 
   immigrants in germany are overrepresented in crime statistics . 
  of course they are . 
  because immigrants tend to be younger and poorer than non-immigrants . 
  these are the main reasons for crime . 
  neither religion nor nationality are important factors . 
  in 2014 in germany , 83,472 turks were suspects of crimes . 
  47,435 were romanians and 43,898 poles . 
  do you believe that we only have twice as many turks as romanians and poles ? 
  or are romanians and poles more criminal than turks ? 
  maybe the reasons for crime are a bit more complicated than muslim and non-muslim source is [ pks2014 ( german ) ] ( https://www.bka.de/shareddocs/downloads/de/publikationen/polizeilichekriminalstatistik/2014/pks2014imkbericht,templateid=raw,property=publicationfile.pdf/pks2014imkbericht.pdf ) page 48 . 
   look at spanish enclaves in africa they too have a legal framework that allows them to bring people back to the other side of the fence . 
  ask croatia how the hungarian fence stopped the migrant influx . 
   instead 1 million economic immigrants , just few thousends illegals precisely not . 
  there is no legal difference between climbing over a fence and walking over a border that is just a line between two border markers . 
  if they make it through or over the fence they have the exact same legal status as today . 
  they would request asylum , and because the country ca n't deport them , they will let them continue to another country . 
  as long as there 's a chance for asylum behind the fence , there 's a huge incentive to make it through the fence . 
  if the us would grant asylum to 45 % ( eu-28 acceptance rate in q2/15 ) of the people that cross the us-mexican border , the fence would be overrun by ten thousands of people a day . 
  and short of using deadly force , the us could n't do anything about it . 
   if it is uncontrollable , how do you plan to get rid of it ? 
  it 's uncontrollable because eu countries currently ca n't deport people back to turkey . 
  once that is possible the influx will stop pretty quickly . 
   as for your `` fuck them '' comment regarding hungary , perhaps it is time to step back and realise that their approach may be right . 
  once the whole area is fenced off , fences will lose effectiveness pretty quickly . 
  because then you have to guard every single meter of them . 
  border fences only work effectively if you have a legal framework to deport people that make it through the fence .
