  the nato guideline is 2 % of gdp . 
  not 2 % of the government budget . 
  2 % of government budget for defence basically equals to not have a military at all . 
  for comparison , germany currently spends 11 % of its federal budget on defence . 
  highly unlikely . 
  but the purpose is to prevent and prosecute copper theft , not gold theft . 
  because of its value per weight the same strategies will fail for gold . 
  copper is currently valued at 5.13 $ per kilogram . 
  gold is valued 34,309.67 $ per kilogram . 
  thieves and shady scrap metal shops do n't usually smelt copper cables , pipes and roof gutters into ingots . 
  that would bring the cost-benefit ratio down a lot . 
  a lot of copper theft is also done by drug addicts who have never heard of these tracers . 
  the goal is to make copper theft not worth the risk . 
  in a similar way railway companies have started to use compound cables that contain strands of steel that are very hard to separate from the copper . 
  when copper is mixed with other materials it loses a lot of its scrap value . 
  the option to fully revert brexit are just empty words by macron and co. 
  they know that the uk wo n't take that option , so it 's safe to offer it . 
  there 's definitely the option to remain in the single market and/or the customs union . 
  but they already burned too many bridges to stay in the eu . 
   it 's not about grudges it 's about consequences that are still here . 
  judging by the amount of self-pity poland is the only country that still has to face consequences from having a history . 
  actual german tv ad from the 90s about condoms : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1etccb2noi, 
  the product selectadna actually uses adenine , cytosine , guanine and thymine to encode information , like actual dna . 
  but much shorter . 
  they add a tracer that allows scrap metal dealers to identify stolen cables . 
  when in contact with the cable the tracer will also transfer to clothes and tools used to remove the cables . 
  so police can link tools to crimes . 
  deutsche bahn uses a system to inject the tracer between the wires and the insulation , so cable thieves ca n't check the outside of the cable with uv light to see if its protected with the tracer . 
  flag of registration vs. actual ownership . 
  panama has the most vessels sailing under its flag . 
  greece owns the most vessels . 
  the un conference on trade and development has some numbers in their [ review of maritime transport 2016 ] ( http://unctad.org/en/publicationslibrary/rmt2016_en.pdf ) report : ownership : http://i.imgur.com/thghskr.png flags of registration : http://i.imgur.com/tvnajpq.png, 
  these are the requirements for being member in the common market . 
  nobody who knows what they are talking about said that you ca n't have have a free trade deal without fulfilling these . 
  with its large service industry the uk wants a bit more than a tariff free trade on goods . 
   it may not be across the board , but i would n't put it past unilever ( iglo ) to pull off stunts like that . 
  they do the legal minimum . 
  german labelling laws require 65 % fish for the product to be called fischst\u00e4bchen . 
  it 's not their love for germans that makes them put more fish in their products . 
    http://www.bmel.de/shareddocs/downloads/ernaehrung/lebensmittelbuch/leitsaetzefische.pdf?__blob=publicationfile, 
   for instance , iglo ( known as birdseye in the uk ) brand fish fingers were found to contain 50.2 percent fish in the czech republic compared to 63.8 percent in germany . 
  because according to german labelling laws there have to be at least 65 % fish in the end product for it to be called fischst\u00e4bchen . 
  iglo just does the legal minimum . 
  for a fun time collect all the towels , throw them on a big pile and enjoy the angry confusion that will follow . 
  basically nobody wants a reform that would turn the eu into a us or german style transfer system . 
  potential net contributors do n't want to pay . 
  and potential net receivers do n't want to give up sovereignty . 
  the fruit of being able to get loans to make new debt . 
  so my children can also enjoy the beauty of discussing bailouts and debt forgiveness for greece . 
   technically the sanctions are against the military interference in eastern ukraine . 
  they are not conditional on the return of crimea . 
  technically there are two sets of sanctions . 
  one is basically a full embargo against crimea . 
   you can call yourself an idiot of / r/europe . 
  thanks for the honor . 
  i added it as my flair . 
  because brexit shows that this would be stupid . 
  there 's no distinct eu citizenship , so there 's no need for a eu passport . 
  i 've heard they do n't even put pineapple on their pizza . 
   of course france and italy try to protect their food culture . 
  they are way above the other in term of food in europe . 
  if french food would be way above the food from other countries people would eat frogs and snails instead of d\u00f6ner without the need to close down d\u00f6ner stores . 
   and as far as i know , france also tend to reduce the amount of fast-food restaurants in general , due to being a nanny state . 
   labeling is the way - have them publish the % of meat in the package for each market it 's called quantitative ingredients declaration , and that 's already applied eu law for products that have an ingredient in their name or where the consumer considers an ingredient one of the most important parts of the product . 
  in the case of fish sticks you have to label the relative amount of fish , because the product has fish in the name . 
  if you sell cheese pasta you have to label the amount of cheese and pasta . 
  if you sell j\u00e4gerso\u00dfe you have to show how much mushrooms are in it because mushrooms are the most important part of j\u00e4gerso\u00dfe . 
  ketchup has to specify the relative amount of tomatoes . 
  nutella has to specify the amount of hazelnut . 
  chilli con carne has to specify the amount of meat . 
  --  article 7 of the [ council directive 79/112/eec of ** 18 december 1978 ** on the approximation of the laws of the member states relating to the labelling , presentation and advertising of foodstuffs for sale to the ultimate consumer ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/all/?uri=celex:31979l0112 )   1 . 
  where the labelling of a foodstuff places emphasis on the presence or low content of one or more ingredients which are essential to the specific properties of the foodstuff , or where the description of the foodstuff has the same effect , the minimum or maximum percentage , as the case may be , used in the manufacture thereof shall be stated . 
  way too difficult to make it sensible . 
  that 's why there wo n't be legislation for eu wide unified products . 
  individual countries could guarantee minimum standards with labelling laws . 
  germany does that for some product categories . 
  if your fish sticks do n't contain at least 65 % meat you are not allowed to sell them as fischst\u00e4bchen . 
  you would probably be allowed to sell them as fischfinger though . 
  it 's not the same label though . 
  `` iglo fish fingers '' and `` iglo fischst\u00e4bchen '' are clearly different products . 
  do it like germany . 
  with labelling laws . 
  you are not allowed to label your product fischst\u00e4bchen if it does n't contain a minimum of 65 % fish . 
  you can still sell those things in germany , just not as fischst\u00e4bchen . 
  there are even some eu wide labelling laws that require minimum amounts . 
  for example marmalade is such a regulated term . 
  marmalade sold in the eu has to be made exclusively from citrus fruits and you have to use at least 200g fruits per 1 kg finished product . 
  http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=oj:l:2002:010:0067:0072:en:pdf but labelling laws will only assure a minimum standard , they wo n't do anything in regards to product sold in other countries that have even more meat , fruits or whatever . 
  so why do n't they organize themselves if it 's such a big problem ? 
  they ask for more eu regulation , a minute later they complain about eu overreach in other areas and that there is way too much regulation in the eu . 
  they could organize the boycott of a single product/brand per month . 
  and they could tell everyone about it . 
  if july is `` do n't buy iglo fish sticks because they do n't sell us the quality we want '' - month in eastern europe , the retailers and manufacturers will react eventually . 
  but if they continue to buy these inferior products while waiting for the eu they will continue to eat inferior products . 
  because there wo n't be regulation about that anytime soon . 
  the problem is that not even eastern europeans care what they eat . 
  otherwise they would simply not buy inferior fish sticks for a while . 
  and they would tell the retailers and producers about their decision . 
  btw , i 'm not a spokesperson for the german government . 
  here 's what 's basically the eu regulation for light bulb : `` light bulbs below a certain energy efficiency rating are banned .
