  because `` the estimated annual dose level is over 50 msv and the annual effective dose is expected to be more than 20 msv over a period of six years after the accident '' . 
   fyi there are people living in chernobyl exclusion zone . 
  yes . 
  a few hundred elderly people . 
  before the accident that caused a grand total of ~ ~ 0 ~ ~ 56 deaths more than 120,000 people lived in that area . 
  that area covers 2600 km ^ 2 . 
  before the accident , the exclusion zone had a similar population density as lithuania has today . 
  let 's assume it 's 500 people who still live there . 
  if lithuania had such a population density , a whopping 12500 people would live in your country . 
  just think about that for a moment . 
   not to mention it was a tsunami . 
  i doubt isis can summon tsunamis yet . 
  the tsunami destroyed the power infrastructure , i.e. 
  power lines , batteries , emergency diesel generators and switchgear . 
  i do n't doubt that people are able to destroy such equipment . 
  yep . 
  just a couple zones `` where it is anticipated that residents will not be able to return for a long time '' . 
  just 10 000 households were relocated permanently . 
  only 92 009 people that moved away from the fukushima prefecture between march 2011 and march 2015 . 
  just 160,000 evacuees at peak . 
  just a couple elderly people and some patients who died during the evacuation . 
  just a few patients that died because a rescue team did n't confirm that all people were evacuated from the hospital . 
  but that has nothing to do with the incident in the nuclear plant . 
  belgium has absolutely nothing to worry about . 
  because the grand total of deaths due to the release of radiation will be 0 . 
  like it was in tschernobyl and like it was in fukushima . 
   german security is being defended in the hindu kush   peter struck , 2002 . 
  / s or maybe not ( i know , afghanistan is not middle east ), 
  the ones i listed are countries that actively kill members of isis . 
  we are currently in talks with all of these countries about free trade agreements . 
  freedom of movement is another beast . 
  freedom of movement already creates plenty of problems in the eu . 
  we can already see shortages of high skilled workers like doctors in eastern europe . 
  and western europe neglects the education of skilled workers because they get them from eastern europe for less money . 
  on the other hand many welfare migrants come to western europe to game the welfare system . 
  if we add the us these problems will multiply , because the migration flows will divide . 
  skilled workers will move to the us , from all of the eu . 
  and people who want to relax in the welfare state will continue to move to western europe . 
   remember fukushima , hit by an earthquake and a tsaunami , grand total of 0 deaths . 
  just a bit leaked radioactivity . 
  but nothing serious . 
   and if that is the case , why is it that the countries most welcoming to them are the ones getting hit again and again , as opposed to ones where openly hostile foreign cultures are not indulged ? 
  what countries are you talking about ? 
  which is one of the five eu countries that have actually dropped bombs on isis ? 
  or france ? 
  the us ? 
  saudi arabia ? 
  iraq ? 
  turkey ? 
  ----- and here 's a quote from the isis portrait of vice :  `` i say to america that the islamic caliphate has been established . 
  do n't be cowards and attack us with drones . 
  ** instead send your soldiers , the ones we humiliated in iraq . 
  ** we will humiliate them everywhere , god willing , and we will raise the flag of allah in the white house . '', 
   http://theweek.com/speedreads/448499/isis-raise-flag-white-house, 
   and considering her party ` losing votes ' fun fact : due to increased voter turnout , the cdu actually gained votes in two of the three states that recently had elections . 
  in saxony-anhalt , where afd got 24.2 % of the votes , the cdu received 11,104 more votes than in 2011 . 
  the relative change in that state was -2.7 percentage points . 
  and in rhineland-palatinate the cdu gained 19,028 votes , with a relative change of -3.4 percentage points . 
  we have crossed the 5 % muslim threshold a while ago . 
  and the 1 % was reached in 1971 already . 
  did they already know about the deal between eu and turkey ? 
  how many ukrainians have been granted asylum in poland ? 
  keep in mind that issuing work visa is not the same as granting asylum . 
   the difference was that those were ** real ** refugees - children , women and elderly - with healthy men stayed behind to engage in guerrilla warfare or organized abroad into fighting corps what about the 3448 poles that requested asylum in germany in 1991 ? 
  or the 4212 that requested asylum in 1992 ? 
  or the 1670 in 1993 ? 
  [ source : migration report 2014 , table 3-42 , page 252 ] ( http://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/en/publikationen/migrationsberichte/migrationsbericht-2014.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ), 
  around 10,000 poles requested asylum in germany in 1981 . 
  is that already a wave ? 
  indeed . 
  yesterday : muslims do n't condemn the attacks !, 
  they are all secretly terrorists !, 
  today : muslims condemn the attacks !, 
  agenda pushing of the left wing cyclist media !, 
  looks like europe needs its own guantanamo . 
  so people who are terror suspects can be detained indefinitely without convicting them of punishable crimes . 
  / s or maybe not, 
  do what ? 
  keep them in indefinite custody without a conviction ? 
  that might be because fixing the security forces is a bit more compatible with european values than exterminating islam . 
  like everywhere , parole does n't happen automatically . 
  the parole court can and will decide that parole wo n't be granted . 
  not naming them , but we have three partner cities in germany , two in france , one in poland , romania and the us . 
  to circumvent the problems of pronouncing streets , we only have streets named after the german cities , and vice versa . 
  the only other visible sign of these partnerships are a few signs that you see when you enter the city . 
  the us city and one of the french ones are probably the two we have the closest relationship with . 
  we have a student exchange with them every year . 
  one year a group of high school students visits them , the other year they visit us . 
  the french were here last week . 
  there are also a couple local clubs that have some type of cultural exchange . 
  officers from our police departments have met with their counterparts in the us city . 
  same for the fire fighters . 
  the french city has a choir that did a surprise visit and surprise performance when we had our 750 year celebrations . 
  the two cities also collected donations when were were hit by the floods in 2002 . 
  one of our kindergartens has a partnership with a kindergarten in the romanian city . 
  a couple of years ago a group of romanian children visited to attend the children 's day celebrations . 
  unfortunately there 's no public money for these kind of activities , so it does n't happen more often . 
  in 1992 , when we created the partnership with romania , we had a couple fund raiser to collect donations for the romanian city . 
  some of our construction companies helped to build a couple of things in their city . 
  there 's also the usual business type stuff .
