  the law only applies to major crimes like murder , abduction , arson , or causing a nuclear explosion . 
  a `` we do n't know anything '' tag would be more honest . 
  if it was gas , it was probably of russian origin . 
  german gas would never kill someone !, 
   seems to be a gas leak has that been officially confirmed ? 
  if a restaurant explodes and there is only one victim , it 's either laymen is or a gas explosion . 
  ~ ~ so we are now at a point where gas explosions are considered terror attacks by default . ~ ~, 
  because that is literally his name . 
  media that are more on the left side of the political spectrum tend to leave out ali . 
  media that are more on the right side tend to leave out david . 
  you ca n't carry them around without a valid reason . 
  but you can legally buy them on amazon . 
  wrong . 
  you can order them on amazon if you want . 
  they are perfectly legal . 
   actually , i 'm questioning now how they got to know this information so quickly . 
  both the victim and the perpetrator worked in that restaurant . 
  and that information came from someone who works there as well . 
  according to police : random people that crossed his way while he tried to escape . 
  he hit a man with his machete . 
  a woman got injured in her car when the perpetrator smashed its windows . 
  it 's the same thing and everyone knows that . 
  nowadays defense does n't only mean that you fend of someone who has crossed into your territory . 
  and even the `` neutral countries '' have deployed troops internationally . 
  either with the un or under the umbrella of the eu . 
  i 'm not aware of a eu country that is neutral in the sense of having an army strictly for homeland defense purposes . 
   a 16-year-old friend of the gunman who killed nine people in munich on friday has been arrested by police . 
    ** investigators say the teenager is suspected of knowing about david ali sonboly 's planned attack and failing to report it . 
  **   munich police added that the arrested youth may have played a role in a facebook post which invited people to the mcdonald 's restaurant where the shooting unfolded . 
  according to bild.de ( i know , i know ) the machete was indeed from the restaurant . 
  when someone says `` trash belongs in trashcans '' in germany they actually mean this : - packaging that has the gr\u00fcne punkt logo ( which is not always green ) belongs into the yellow trashcan . 
  contrary to popular believe that trashcan is not for everything made out of plastic - paper and cardboard belongs into the blue trashcan - glass bottles and other glass containers belong into the correct ( ! ), 
  glass trash container . 
  they are not at your house , you might have to walk a bit to get to them . 
  green glass into the green container , white to white and brown to brown . 
  every other color belongs into the green container . 
  glass things like old window panels or vases do n't belong into the glass container at all . 
  - food and kitchen-waste belongs into the brown bio trashcan - everything else goes into the black trashcan - if you have too much trash in your black trashcan , do n't simply put bags in front of your trashcan , it wo n't be picked up . 
  your municipality sells special trash bags that will be picked up if you put them next to your trashcan - if you have too much trash in your yellow trashcan , you might get some yellow bags ( these are special , not just yellow colored bags ) to make sure that it will be picked up . 
  they are free ( you paid for them when you bought the product that has the gr\u00fcne punkt ) - do n't put bulk trash that is too large for your trashcan in front of your trashcan , contact your municipality and request bulk trash pickup - bulk trash pickup will take your washing machine but not a refrigerator - batteries do n't belong into the trashcan , bring them back to a store - electronics do n't go into the trashcan either , call your local electronic waste collection facility - buckets with not yet dried wall-paint are hazardous waste , every 6 months the municipality will come to a place near you with a truck to collect such things - buckets with wall-paint that has already dried belong into the black trashcan - energy saving light bulbs are hazardous trash as well . 
  non energy saving light bulbs go into the black trashcan - ... - ... - ... -- but seriously , the lack of knowledge about our trash system is one of the larger issues people have with asylum seekers who live nearby . 
  the majority of them are n't rapists and murderers , but the majority has no knowledge about the german custom of having half a dozen different trashcans . 
  i live in an apartment block with refugee families from syria and asylum seekers from the west balkan . 
  the only problems people have with them is the lack of trash separation and the lack of trash reducing . 
  the syrians have learned how it 's done the german way , but the kosovars ca n't be bothered and do n't give a shit . 
  we take our trash very seriously . 
  but things like trash pickup cycles require that you take it at least a bit seriously . 
  in my apartment block , residual waste ( black trashcan ) is only picked up every 14 days . 
  we only have one large trash container . 
  we have a yellow one for packaging , which is picked up every week . 
  and two blue ones for paper that are picked up every 14 days ( so basically 1 container per week as well ) . 
  it just does n't work if people start to throw everything in the container for residual waste . 
  because it will be full after a week . 
  for example [ kotte & zeller ] ( http://www.kotte-zeller.de/macheten-haumesser.htm?websale8=kotte-zeller-shop&amp;ci=009862 ) delivers them directly to your door . 
  amazon sells them as well . 
  they are considered tools and not weapons , so they are perfectly legal in germany . 
  at least re-post a more recent news article . 
  it will also kill a lot of whats left of the british manufacturing industry . 
  finally a muslim ( 21 year-old son of d\u00f6ner-shop owner , named alper k. ) who does something good . 
  from what i 've read it was a targeted attack against the ( pregnant , from poland ) woman , who worked in that d\u00f6ner-shop where the attack happened . 
  some news outlets say that the perpetrator worked there as well . 
  so it might even be possible that the machete is the knife that is used to cut the meat and that it was a targeted but spontaneous attack . 
  edit : nope , [ photo ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lkriaix.jpg ) of the machete does n't look like a doner knife at all . 
  where proportional does n't mean that you have to use a machete to defend yourself or others from someone with a machete . 
  if the perpetrator has a weapon that is potentially deadly you can use whatever you have available to stop an ongoing attack . 
  in german self defense law the most important part is the `` ongoing attack '' . 
  well meme 'd bro . 
  if you do n't want down-votes do n't imply that muslims can do good things . 
  if they did n't have a permit it was a terror ~ ~ attack ~ ~ misdemeanor . 
  lol, 
  not in germany, 
  same rules apply if you defend others from an ongoing attack . 
  called nothilfe in germany . 
  there 's also no such thing as overkill if you act in defense of yourself or others . 
  as long as the attack is still ongoing you can use whatever you have available to stop the attack . 
  you also do n't have to check if there would be another , less severe , way to stop him . 
  i wonder if that machete is the knife they use in the d\u00f6ner-shop where the perpetrator worked and where the attack happened . 
  there are people that are born right now !, 
  literally now !, 
  while you are reading this . 
  how crazy is that ? 
  which other eu countries want to limit freedom of movement ? 
   it almost seems as if european politicians are in favour of holding referendums on joining the eu , but not on leaving it . 
  and by `` european politicians '' you mean uk politicians ? 
  i ca n't remember politicians from other countries who have asked the uk to delay triggering article 50 . 
  quite the contrary actually . 
  do you think they bring back full blown monarchy just to avoid having a general election again ? 
  interesting idea . 
  so you did n't leave because the eu stops the uk from compensating countries for the people who left . 
  with the points system there will be more high skilled workers among the immigrants . 
  which will be even more harmful for the countries these people have left . 
  but at least these countries can keep their low skilled workers and unemployed . 
   but we ca n't do these things , oh no . 
  so we left instead . 
  so the uk will adopt such a system post-brexit ? 
  sounds interesting . 
  the federal constitutional court has clarified in a 2012 ruling ( [ ruling ] ( http://www.bundesverfassungsgericht.de/entscheidungen/up20120703_2pbvu000111.html ) , [ press release ] ( http://www.bundesverfassungsgericht.de/pressemitteilungen/bvg12-063.html ) , [ article ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/bundeswehr-darf-im-inland-militaerische-mittel-einsetzen-a-850562.html ) , all german ) that the bundeswehr can be used as ultima ratio in an extraordinary catastrophic situation . 
  where catastrophic situation can be widely interpreted , so it covers much more than natural disasters ( where the bundeswehr is already used regularly ) . 
  terror acts like in paris and brussels would be covered by this interpretation . 
  however , the incident in munich and w\u00fcrzburg would not be covered by this .
