  generally , eu citizens do n't qualify for welfare in other countries . 
  depending on the country you could receive job-seeker benefits after you have worked for some time , 24 months usually . 
  the uk can already refuse to pay out-of-work benefits to people . 
  the uk wants to limit in-work benefits , like housing or child allowance , or tax credits . 
  if a german and a brit work in the same company , only one of them should qualify for in-work benefits for a couple of years . 
  that would be a violation of the eu law , because it discriminates against eu workers . 
   as i reminded a german friend who said that germany should leave nato , such a course of action would basically mean that germany would have to be very careful not to anger poland ; he quickly changed his mind . 
  lol read that austria , sweden and finland ? 
  be very careful what you do . 
  you do n't want to anger anyone in the eu . 
  otherwise it will be invasion time . 
  seriously , nobody in nato would help poland to fight a war against germany . 
  and poland alone could not win a war against germany . 
  the magic 2 % do n't help you if you fight against a country that only spends 1.5 % of gdp on its military but has an economy that is literally seven times the size of poland . 
  and keep in mind that the eu has a mutual defense clause as well . 
   article 5 does not force anybody to use their military . 
  fun fact about this :  at the drafting of article 5 in the late 1940s , there was consensus on the principle of mutual assistance , but fundamental disagreement on the modalities of implementing this commitment . 
  the european participants wanted to ensure that the united states would automatically come to their assistance should one of the signatories come under attack ; the united states did not want to make such a pledge and obtained that this be reflected in the wording of article 5 . 
   http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/topics_110496.htm ? 
  the in my opinion most important part of the [ interview ] ( http://www.welt.de/politik/ausland/article149696117/die-europaeische-union-ist-in-gefahr.html ) , because it 's dead on :  die welt : do we need more commitment to the preservation of the union ? 
    schulz : certainly . 
  but what we see is this : at first many governments agree to transfer sovereignty to the european union . 
  subsequently they complain about undue interference in national sovereignty and block a common eu approach . 
  and exactly the same then complain that the eu does n't solve the problems we are facing . 
  that 's what happens if you read news sites that do n't care about correct translations . 
  which translates to :  the european union is in danger . 
  no one can say whether the eu will still exist in 10 years . 
  if we want that we have to fight hard for it . 
  democracy does n't mean that every single step of the democratic process has to be truly democratic . 
  democracy means that everyone can propose something . 
  and everyone can vote on a proposal and only if a majority supports the proposal it comes into effect . 
  it does n't mean that proposals have to be created in a democratic fashion . 
  because then it would take forever to even create proposals . 
  germany has 96 members in the eu parliament . 
  france has 74 members . 
  that 's 170 in total . 
  that 's less than 23 % of the 751 eu parliament members . 
  and in the european commission france and germany just have 7 % of the votes . 
  if france and germany do n't find a majority in the eu parliament they ca n't do jack shit . 
  the `` eu as an economic union '' is called european economic area . 
  you can be part of it by joining the eu , by joining efta or by negotiating individual treaties like switzerland . 
  so make your country leave the eu and join efta . 
  well , at least he learned something during his internship . 
  it you want to get money , get something in writing . 
  if it involves family even more so . 
  and : if you make a fuss in the press , people you do n't know will give you money . 
   and most would n't piss on us if we were on fire . 
  like last time the us invoked article 5 ? 
  marketing , communist style . 
  when something is n't available it 's bad for your health . 
  if it 's abundant , it 's very good for you . 
  at least we have http://www.bundeshaushalt-info.de, 
  portugal is part of the european union customs union . 
  since a customs union imposes common tariffs on external imports , members of custom unions ca n't negotiate their own trade agreements . 
  ukraine is not part of a customs union with russia . 
  having a free trade agreement is not a customs union . 
  do you think the eu can meddle in trade negotiations of countries like israel , egypt , south africa , chile or mexico and vice versa ? 
  just to name a few countries that have free trade agreements with the eu . 
  do you think chile sits at the table when the eu and the us negotiate ttip ? 
  and i though you do n't pay taxes because the austrian economy works as good as three cogwheels that touch each other . 
   it 's going to be interesting ( and a little bit scary ) to see what will happen with a populist europe . 
  but just a little bit scary . 
  they ca n't do that much unfixable damage in one legislative period . 
  and realistically that 's the time these parties will spend in power . 
  being populist is something that works while they are in the opposition . 
  once they actually have to find a way to implement their proposals it all falls apart . 
  they ca n't just summon money . 
  eu countries are bound by many rules that even a majority party ca n't change , for example hungary still has n't brought the death penalty back . 
  and actual legislation also has to take entities that did n't vote for the parties into account . 
  they could increase the number of streetlights by one third !, 
  usually you have to contact the insurance before getting non-emergency treatment . 
  if you do n't do that you end up in the exact situation you describe . 
  like all insurances they make money by paying as little as possible , so they will argue that you went to a doctor that was more expensive than necessary . 
  and if it 's an emergency you will end in the situation as well . 
  but in that case it 's not easy to argue that you should have went to a cheaper hospital . 
  so the necessary part of the cost is most likely covered . 
   even if we assume that these asylum seekers are all fleeing from isis , which is absolutely ridiculous and obviously false indeed . 
  many flee the civil war in syria as well . 
  and many flee the great nations that we have built in afghanistan and iraq . 
  form the 206101 people that entered the easy system in november 2015 , 97,463 ( 47.3 % ) were from syria . 
  44846 ( 21.7 % ) from afghanistan , 24678 ( 11.9 % ) from iraq , 10080 ( 4.9 % ) from iran , 3655 ( 1.7 % ) from pakistan . 
  source ( german ) : [ federal agency for migration and refugee press release from today ] ( http://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/meldungen/de/2015/20151207-asylgeschaeftsstatistik-november.html?nn=1367522 )  is it wise to invite in hundreds of thousands of people who strongly believe that they literally have a god-given moral obligation to oppose ( and sometimes combat ) the progressive values of their host countries ? 
  they were not invited . 
  they entered the eu and then they came to germany . 
  if we invite people they board planes that bring them to germany . 
  like the 30,000 syrians that were invited in 2013 did . 
   consideration of this point is n't bigotry against the religion of many these people , it 's actually a form of respect . 
  it assumes that the strength of faith is stronger than any sense of obligation towards ( immoral ) secular governments . 
  to assume otherwise would be a very bad idea . 
  we have implemented that bad idea in germany for ages . 
  if you violate german law , you can follow your faith in prison . 
  contrary to the believe of \\ / r/europe germany has n't turned into a sharia based society yet . 
  are your parents from new zealand or what ? 
   yup , on the other hand you could say slovenia or italy , which are on the continent , have managed over 30 years without mass shooting ... not speaking english helps . 
  strict gun control easier than anywhere else - especially compared with us , where there 's massive amount of legal and illegal guns already in circulation . 
  it 's a conspiracy !, 
  for example when the peaceful russian minority is threatened by evil nazi kiew ? 
  yeah . 
  it 's basically 27 countries that want to get rid of the non-discrimination clause and germany . 
  in reality , the uk will soon realize that it 's pretty much alone in this matter .
