  even if nato is abolished , the us will continue to spend as much , if not more , on their military . 
   so does estonia ( 2 % ) , bulgaria ( 2 % ) , romania ( 2.1 % ) and poland ( 2.2 % ) official nato numbers : estonia ( 2.16 % ) , bulgaria ( 1.35 % ) , romania ( 1.48 % ) and poland ( 2.00 % ) http://www.nato.int/nato_static_fl2014/assets/pdf/pdf_2016_07/20160704_160704-pr2016-116.pdf, 
  just let in qualified foreigners that look like brits . 
  because it lured the fish away . 
  evidence : fish in eu waters . 
  no fish in uk waters . 
   but then i 'm acting against the law . 
  you are not . 
  you can use whatever you want to stop an ongoing assault . 
  you might get charged for possession if you were in possession of whatever you used to defend yourself and that possession is illegal ( e.g. 
  a handgun in public without the necessary permits ) . 
  which is not the case for pepper spray that is explicitly marked as defense against animals . 
  ( if you do n't tell anyone that you bought it to fend off axe-murderers ) the reason why pepper spray ca n't be sold as defense against humans is that spray weapons which do n't have a certificate of being safe for use against humans are automatically illegal . 
  so why does nobody get that certification ? 
  because getting it requires animal testing . 
  and animal testing of weapons would be a violation of animal protection laws . 
  for real ? 
  because the refugee agency believed that he was from afghanistan . 
   and letting migrants come into the schengen zone by a german welcome is not intrusive and illegal , regarding european law ? 
  so the asylum seekers all came by plane or ship ? 
  because these are the only ways to enter the schengen zone via germany . 
  everyone else is already in the schengen-zone when they enter germany . 
  which means somebody else let them enter it . 
  quite ironic that several points of that list violate our sacred european values . 
  maybe everyone should get an examination on morality . 
  illegal graffiti artists generally do n't get money from deutsche bahn . 
  the process to leave the eu has n't even started . 
  and after you 've shown the world that you are an unreliable partner who does not honor contracts if they do n't suit you , you 'll negotiate all these awesome trade deals . 
   in an undemocratic way ( not honoring the referendum ) not going to happen . 
  that would immediately make all referendums in eu member countries legally binding . 
  also nifty badges on their jackets . 
  we built a moat to keep the british out . 
  and if you add `` holland '' after `` edam '' and `` gouda '' they become protected designations of origin as well . 
  if the uk wants to talk about leaving the eu they should trigger article 50 . 
   cause germany was threatening greece with that . 
  what ? 
  the comparison shows that the whole notion of `` everyone is killing themselves because of the austerity . 
  greece is dying !, 
  soon nobody is left to pay debt ! '', 
  is bullshit . 
  easy solution . 
  trigger article 50 , leave the eu and join the eea . 
  once greece is out of the eu they can borrow as much money as they want . 
  once greece has borrowed itself into being an economic powerhouse they can rejoin the eu if they want . 
   the suicide rate in greece has spiked since the memoranda were introduced . 
  still lower than bavaria . 
  it 's pretty easy actually . 
  if you want to be part of the single market , you accept all four freedoms of the single market . 
  the same requirements for all countries that want to be part of the eu single market . 
  no punishment involved . 
  mark my words , article 50 wo n't be triggered before the next general elections in 2020 . 
  yes . 
  the eu should give in to british demands . 
  they should get more opt-outs and they should have to give less . 
  if we beg them they might even stay !, 
  eu leader should listen to what british citizen are saying !, 
  assange 's dick grows an inch every time someone says wikileaks, 
   why is oettinger talking about this ? 
  because a journalist asked him about turkey, 
   pepperspray is perfectly legal . 
  if it 's marked and sold as a defense against animals , because for some weird reason that excludes it from being covered by weapons law . 
  the active ingredient of pepper spray does not have the certifications that are necessary to prove that it 's harmless . 
  it is n't certified because it was n't tested on animals , and it ca n't be tested on animals because animal protection laws do n't allow it . 
  so it 's automatically an illegal weapon according to anlage 2 waffg . 
  cs gas has that certification , so it 's perfectly legal , even if sold and marked as a weapon against humans . 
  just for possession . 
  if you use an illegal handgun in a self-defense situation you wo n't be charged for using it either . 
  but you will definitely be charged for possession . 
   saw this interview you saw the translation that was made by an agenda-pushing youtuber that had nwo or something in his name . 
   theresa may also said that `` brexit means brexit '' so i highly doubt she will postpone triggering article 50 indefinitely just to appease scotland . 
  she 'll just delay it until after the general elections in 2020 , where she wo n't run . 
  so somebody else can deal with the consequences . 
  and she 'll blame the scots for it . 
  divided, 
   wo n't using it get you arrested in germany though ? 
  in a self-defense situation you can use basically everything to stop the attack . 
  possession might be illegal though . 
  and you might get fined for that , even if you have used it in self-defense . 
  according to tagesthemen ( referenced by [ tagesschau ] ( https://www.tagesschau.de/inland/wuerzburg-regionalzug-101.html ) ) the perpetrator was a 17 year old afghan . 
   there is next to no requirements that would prevent non assimilated migrants to claim citizenship one of these requirements is that people need to have jobs that can support their family . 
  government subsidized minimum wage ahmed wo n't pass that requirement . 
  because since he 's a good arab stereotype he has a non-working wife and at least 5 children . 
  am i missing the part where sch\u00e4uble wants to opt-out of freedom of movement for eu citizens ? 
   member states want to negotiate trade deals as a block member states are simply not allowed to negotiate trade deals . 
  that 's something the eu has to do as a whole . 
  the eu is a customs union which imposes common external tariffs . 
  if individual countries were able to negotiate their own trade deals , they would be able to set different tariffs . 
  which would void the whole idea of a customs union . 
  a fictional example : - the eu imposes a 2 % tariff on steel and an additional 10 % punitive tariff on chinese steel because the chinese state subsidizes chinese steel manufacturers - if germany would be able to negotiate its own trade agreements they could negotiate with china that there wo n't be a tariff on steel . 
  in return china offers a 0 % tariff on german cars . 
  - germany could then export chinese steel to the uk , since we are in customs union there wo n't be any tariffs on goods that have entered the eu in hamburg - the german shipping industry would make a lot of money from all that steel that enters the eu via germany to avoid tariffs - meanwhile the uk steel industry continues to suffer, 
   what some countries do n't want is bilateral trade agreements and understandably so . 
  ca n't do . 
  eu countries are not allowed to create trade agreements . 
  the eu is a customs union which imposes common external tariffs . 
  once a good has entered the eu it is treated as an internal good . 
   got any quotes of a government official saying they want bilateral relations with the uk ? 
  you don \u00b4 t. 
  i do n't need to quote people for the obvious . 
  theresa may will visit berlin and paris this week .
