  4.2 million of these 10 million foreigners are eu citizen . 
  another 1.4 million are turks that have been in germany for decades . 
   germany and company has handled this migrant crisis terribly , and they want counties that had nothing to do with the tidal wave of migrants coming in to take on their mess . 
  hungary let in 400,000 asylum seekers in 2015 before merkel invited them all . 
  890,000 asylum seekers entered germany in whole 2015 . 
  how many refugees should hungary take ? 
  if 1/8 scares the hell out of you i ca n't imagine what you have to endure in your country . 
  we wo n't leave the eu anytime soon . 
  so it 's unavoidable that more and more foreigners move to germany . 
  if you do n't just look at 2015 you 'll see that eu citizens make up the biggest group of recent arrivals . 
  and i wish we had 1 $ notes . 
  looks like there are at least 30 projects that are neither rural art centers nor sculpture gardens . 
    in frankfurt , for example , only 1 out of every 4 kids has a german ancestry . 
  can i get a source for that ? 
  is it a burning oil drilling platform or the admiral kusnezow ? 
  if it would emit the same amount of smoke as the russian carrier it would be ` an easy target ' . 
  in the case of the eu ` leading ' means to come up with proposals that are then presented to the other eu members , which will provide their input . 
  after that everyone will vote on the matter . 
  leading does n't mean that germany and france enact regulations/laws . 
  the eu is not a dictatorship , there is no way that just france and germany can create legislation that has to be followed by the rest . 
  if you wait for the input of 28 members during the initial phase of a proposal you wo n't get anywhere . 
  irrelevant . 
  he is looking for v4 input on the future of the eu . 
  in that case `` we do n't care . 
  do whatever the fuck you want , as long as you do n't bring in more muslims '' does n't provide anything substantial . 
  hence it 's not good leadership and will never be able to rival the views of the franco-german duo . 
  thank you for your service . 
  flying cars, 
  why does n't poland do it if it 's so easy ? 
  they would be celebrated as the saviours of europe . 
  if western europeans would be so jealous about eastern europe , one would expect that a lot more western europeans would move to eastern europe . 
  does n't happen though . 
  in reality eastern europeans leave their countries in the hundred of thousands to move to the terrorist infested shithole named western europe . 
  v4 is a pipe-dream . 
  they disagree on everything that is n't about less muslims . 
  yes please . 
  i would love if we would relocate all these companies from poland to france , spain , portugal , italy and greece . 
   we do n't consider a bunch of muslims killing each other in thousands of kilometers away to be our problem . 
  unless uncle sam asks you to join the coalition of the willing to invade iraq . 
   within a few decades there will be german refugees fleeing to poland . 
  you are delusional . 
   germany still thinks this is the 1930s nazi !, 
  stop changing the topic . 
  how exactly does germany prevent poland from helping refugees in other countries ? 
  heck , germany helps refugees in other countries . 
  but poor poland is not allowed to by evil germany . 
  as i 've said . 
  these offerings are empty words . 
   first of all the development funds received by poland only make up 1 % of its gdp . 
   and how much of the government budget ? 
  more than 400,000 asylum seekers entered hungary in 2015 , before merkel supposedly invited them . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_border_barrier#impact_on_the_number_of_illegal_migrants_entering_hungary, 
   if they did care then how come they dismiss all offer of poland to help refugees in other countries ? 
  because these offerings are just empty words . 
  poland is a sovereign country , they do n't require permission from anyone to help refugees in other countries . 
   god , do you all know nothing about the agreements your countries are part of ? 
  hehe  schengen is mainly about the free movement of goods not people . 
  it 's not . 
  schengen is about getting rid of systematic border checks . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  it has nothing to do with freedom of movement of persons or goods . 
  because it 's limited to people who are actually insured by or covered by a statutory social security scheme . 
  not every eea/swiss citizen has health insurance or is covered in another way . 
  i 'm not even sure if every eea/swiss country has mandatory health insurance . 
  but even if there is mandatory health insurance , there will still be people who are n't insured . 
  in that case providing health care to passport holders would mean that health providers could not get reimbursed for their expenses . 
   i live in small town , i know lots of german youngster who couldnt find any ausbildungsplatz . 
  i used to visit small pub and talk / discuss with locals , i understand that even for german finding ausbildungsplatz is not easy nowdays . 
  i bet that your town has an equal amount of apprenticeships that ca n't find youngsters who are willing to take them . 
  what 's not easy is to find an apprenticeship that pays a fuckton of money for as little work as possible ; and that 's what today 's youth is looking for . 
  i could place a dozen youngsters into apprenticeships in the construction sector within a few hours . 
  another dozen in bakeries , confectioners and butchers . 
  but that 's hard work , and nobody wants to do that . 
  and the us shows that this concept does n't work that good in practice . 
   eu citizens , on the other hand ... wo n't be eligible either . 
  like they are n't eligible for hartz 4 . 
  it 's called ` freedom of movement ** for workers ** ' for a reason . 
  to be fair , they mentioned more than a few times that they ca n't invoke article 50 soon because they have to find the best negotiators . 
   a country that refuses to accept a lot of people into their country potentially raising crime and creating chaos and costing them more money that could actually be used on their own people , should be respected . 
  if only poland , hungary et al would have proposed that before the brexit vote . 
  because they have tunnels . 
  ww2 gestapo joke, 
  as helpful as your snark against people showing solidarity . 
  thank you for your service . 
  so the difference is basically people who are not german citizens . 
  and a few criminal offenders and a few thousand mentally ill people . 
  because every other german is automatically registered as a voter . 
  freedom of movement is not related to schengen . 
  uk is not in schengen , yet they participate in freedom of movement . 
  the article does n't mention schengen once . 
  this is about freedom of movement , i.e. 
  eastern europeans moving to denmark for work . 
  protip : you have to escape parenthesis in urls with a ` \\ ` to make them work correctly . 
  you have to write : [ boxer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boxer_\\ ( armoured_fighting_vehicle \\ ) ) ^ ^, 
  these things are the responsibility of the civil police in many countries . 
  and that will certainly not change for a lot of them . 
  for example the german constitution does n't allow the use of its military for policing inside germany . 
   now that we 're all in the eu , once we bring something to the table we will find surprising alliances over interventions not the headbutting that most imagine . 
  just have to look at mali . 
  that often quoted oh so france-only endeavour that neutral countries like sweden or even nato countries like hungary would never support .
