  we caused brexit , we even caused the election of trump . 
  it 's great . '', 
  do n't worry , you 'll read about it once the projects are finished . 
  you 'll see your local politicians on press photos next to articles where they boast about how awesome their party is because they made this project possible . 
   yeah of course he 's a narcissist . 
  he ran for president of the united states , even announcing yourself as a candidate qualifies you as a narcissist . 
  when was the last time that a president of the us boasted about election results to foreign leaders almost a month into his presidency ? 
  when was the last time a president held a rally ? 
  if all us president are narcisits , we should have seen that behaviour more often . 
   then there was the big famous muslim ban . 
  sounds scary , until you actually read the executive order . 
  nowhere does the order state that muslims specifically will be prevented from entering the us . 
  it was nothing but a temporary restriction for all nationals . 
   so you are trying to ignore that he wanted a muslim ban but could n't do it legally so he set it up as a ban from these 7 countries ? 
  and you are ignoring that he tried to argue that this will prevent terrorists attacks in the us despite the fact that not a single visa holder from these countries has ever committed a terror attack in the us ? 
  you are also ignoring his lies about the refugee vetting process the us applies before refugees are allowed to travel to the us . 
  and you are ignoring the very real effects his `` tame '' executive order had . 
  because his ban also extended to permanent residents of the us . 
  there are people who travelled abroad and were not allowed to reenter the country where they have been living for a decade . 
  just because they were from one of these countries . 
  refugees who were vetted for multiple years were not allowed to enter . 
  they sold all their belongings in their home countries , they basically gave up their lives , ready to start a new life in the us . 
  just to be told that trump decided that they are no longer welcome because they are terrorists . 
  it does n't matter what words you use in an executive order . 
  what matters are the effects . 
  and to a lesser extent the reasoning for writing that order . 
  yes please . 
  sch\u00e4ubles suggestion was the populist answer to a populist `` greece suffers from the euro , it should have its own currency so it can devalue itself out of economic problems '' . 
  i doubt that he actually believed that this was a good idea for greece  an ez grexit would simply fuel euroscepticism across the eu . 
  in germany and probably many other countries it would have prevented a lot of euroscepticism . 
  here the euroscepticism is basically all about paying for the life style of southern europe . 
  before the afd pivoted to anti-migration their party agenda was to take germany out of the euro because we should n't be liable for the economy of greece . 
  since nobody liked the idea of a temporary ez exit why pursue it ? 
  if greece and other eu countries would have agreed to do this , work would have started to find legal ways to make this happen . 
   in 2014 , greece exported $ 33.2 b. 
  and it imported goods worth $ 60.8 b. 
  introducing a weak currency under these conditions will have a devastating effect on your economy . 
  greece wo n't be able to turn into a net exporter anytime soon . 
  five years before they qualified for joining the eurozone ( i.e. 
  1995 ) greece exported goods worth $ 10.9 b , and they imported goods worth $ 25.5 b. 
  what would stop us from creating a new legal framework ? 
  sch\u00e4ubles suggestion about a temporary exit of greece was explicitly not about the eu . 
   the dominant wind direction in the uk is south-western ... 
  but the earth is round . 
  german pollution finds its way . 
  checkmate atheists . 
  where ` germany ' means the ` friedrich ebert foundation ' . 
  too german ; did n't read : eu citizens who are permanent residents in germany have the right to vote in municipal elections . 
  in 15 of 28 eu countries people from non-eu countries also have the right to vote in municipal elections . 
  the friedrich ebert foundation suggests that germany becomes the 16th eu country that allows non-eu citizen to vote in municipal elections . 
  regardless of citizenship , residents should also be allowed to participate in referendums . 
  but nice agenda pushing . 
   as europeans , we must resist ted malloch 's appointment as u.s. ambassador to the european union . 
  have you contacted your representative to raise your concern ? 
   trump seems like the kind of person that will have his revenge . 
  once he has been removed from office he will surely send many angry tweets . 
  they did n't really get anything . 
  employers now have to hire residents first , regardless of the nationality of the resident . 
  pretty useless if you want to limit immigration . 
  talk to the car dealer . 
  they are responsible to handle that . 
  you ca n't go to the tax authorities and request a refund . 
   europe could just forge better economic deals with russia . 
  the relationship and economy of both would improve . 
  we tried that . 
  then russia decided that they need crimea . 
   we do criticize china but not as much as we do russia , nor do we sanction china as much . 
  ever wonder why ? 
  because china has never shown hostility against europe ? 
   germany 's broomstick soldiers ? 
  fun fact : germany currently outspends the eu-13 if all of them would spend 2 % . 
  so if we bring broomstick soldiers to the table i wonder what romania can contribute . 
  soldiers who wear dustpans instead of helmets ? 
   spend on what ? 
  ; fact is , all current military needs are met . 
  because you can always call the us if the military needs are n't met . 
  us provided precision ammunition after uk and france ran out in libya . 
  us provided airlift capabilities to france when they deployed to mali . 
  and so on . 
  they probably did something for the german deployments in mali , afghanistan and kosovo too . 
  do n't want to single out france and uk . 
  because the country elects a president that believes that the existing trade agreements are unfair . 
  in november 2015 australia and eu agreed to work towards trade negotiations for a fta . 
  in october 2015 eu and new zealand agreed to work towards their own fta as well . 
  it 's the only way if you are in the basement of block 11 [ . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/standing_cell#auschwitz ), 
  ceta gets rid of like 98 % of the tariffs . 
  so if you order goods that are tariff free under ceta you will not pay tariffs . 
  however you will pay import value added tax if you order something from canada . 
  you have to pay that tax for imports from all countries that are n't in the eu . 
  even from non-eu members of the eu single market like norway or switzerland . 
  import value added taxes have nothing to do with free trade agreements . 
   if serious , russian military just gave a chance for crimeans to leave ukraine . 
  crimeans had been waiting for this moment like from soviet union collapse . 
  if they had anything they had the `` chance '' to join russia . 
  russia does n't liberate . 
  they occupy . 
  always have been . 
  -- ib4 sudetenland and the holocaust, 
  there ca n't be a transfer union without a policy union .
