  it 's called the `` svalbard global seed vault '' . 
  everything else is just media bullshit . 
   and to his surprise , all of these offsprings turned out to be europeans friday mosque ; saturday party , alcohol and sex . 
  `` refugees '' is more correct than you think . 
  the incident happened in 2011 , and the crowd were most likely left extremists . 
   the us does a pretty good job of getting anyone out who helped them . 
  if they are [ donkeys ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qplql5eaxly ), 
  it looks like merkel is a bit overwhelmed with the crisis . 
  `` we need mandatory quotas to relief pressure from italy and greece !, 
  it 's a matter of solidarity ! '', 
  two days later ... `` fucking greece does n't keep hundred thousands of asylum seekers in their territory ! '', 
  if only there would be other countries in the eu who could make proposals . 
   why ? 
  are they doing to deny landing ? 
  seriously , you have 5 planes flaying ahead , they say we are not turning back . 
  as an airport commander , what do you do ? 
  lol . 
  that 's not how air traffic works . 
   the flight plan is filed and approved in croatia or they take over a regular flight between croatia and germany . 
  yeah sure . 
  i 'm wondering why \\ / r/europe is n't managing the crisis . 
  they always come up with the funniest solutions . 
   only the selfish young men come to europe . 
  they leave their family behind to begin a better new life without them . 
  every eu country offers family reunification for people who were granted asylum . 
   ( crazy fact : they have empty tents for more than 3million peps with air condition , plumbing , electricity , yet are not willing to take any refugees ) crazy question : where do the refugees stay once [ hajj ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hajj ) has started ? 
  the tent city is [ mina ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mina,_saudi_arabia ) , a few kilometer east of mecca . 
  these tents house pilgrims . 
  in your country police officers are n't required to act neutral when they are on duty ? 
   is n't registering them basically starting the asylum application process ? 
  in theory . 
  but if the asylum applicants leave the country there is no process anymore . 
   if they let themselves be registered , that is . 
  and hungary is n't the country of first entry , so why are we the only country that has to keep the dublin regulations ? 
  if they enter via serbia hungary is the first eu country they entered . 
  hungary can of course try to prove that they were in greece before . 
  in that case they could file a dublin relocation request with greece . 
   and what do you suppose should be done with migrants that got into hungary , and have no legal claim for asylum in europe ? 
  deportation . 
   however , if they do qualify , greece has to give them citizenship and they can then simply move elsewhere in the eu . 
  refugees do n't have a right to eu citizenship . 
   what hungary is doing is register them , and then let them go towards their goal . 
  after registration , they can do that . 
  no , they ca n't do that . 
  the dublin regulations require that the country of first entry processes their asylum application . 
  and who is at fault for the 626,000 asylum seekers that entered the eu in 2014 ? 
  who is at fault for the 400,000 asylum seekers that entered the eu in the first half of 2015 ? 
   hungary is taking the migrants to the austrian border . 
  thanks hungary . 
  let me quote your prime minister :  `` the european idea that somebody allows refugees into their own country and then distributes them to other member states is mad and unfair , '' http://www.euractiv.com/sections/migrations/hungarys-pm-orban-calls-eu-refugee-quota-plan-mad-314457, 
  thanks for spreading our propaganda . 
  sincerely , isis, 
  if there is something that we should do , it 's to send the army to the border between austria and hungary . 
  orban himself said that distributing refugees is mad and unfair , so hungary should keep them . 
   `` the european idea that somebody allows refugees into their own country and then distributes them to other member states is mad and unfair , '' orban said in an radio interview . 
  `` this is not the time for solidarity but to enforce the law . 
  illegal immigration is an offence . '', 
   `` the european idea that somebody allows refugees into their own country and then distributes them to other member states is mad and unfair , '' orban said in an radio interview . 
  `` this is not the time for solidarity but to enforce the law . 
  illegal immigration is an offence . '', 
  like two dozen times . 
  http://www.businessinsider.com/r-hungary-unilaterally-suspends-eu-asylum-seeker-rules-2015-6?ir=t  hungary has unilaterally suspended european union asylum rules that require it to take back refugees who first enter hungary , then travel to other countries , a government spokesman said in a prepared statement . 
   [ ... ]  today 's suspension means hungary is refusing to take back refugees who landed in hungary , then traveled to another country . 
  so far this year , more than 60,000 immigrants have crossed into hungary illegally , the government said . 
  that was 2 months before merkel `` invited '' all asylum seekers . 
  -- http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/12/us-germany-kosovo-migrants-iduskbn0lg21h20150212  the eu has seen a sharp rise in the number of kosovo citizens smuggling themselves into the bloc especially since a relaxation of travel rules allowing them to reach eu borders via serbia . 
  some 10,000 kosovars filed for asylum in hungary in just one month this year , many fleeing from poverty and unemployment . 
  that was more than half a year before merkel `` invited '' all asylum seekers . 
  -- http://budapestbeacon.com/public-policy/german-court-hungary-does-not-meet-minimum-eu-asylum-standards/10300  the german judiciary body granted the right to an iranian refugee coming from hungary to seek asylum in germany , based on the argument , that `` hungary does not meet minimum standards of asylum required by the eu '' . 
  that was more than a year before merkel `` invited '' all asylum seekers . 
  but of course , everything started 4 weeks ago . 
   the mandatory quota does n't really solve the problem though . 
  they were never meant to solve the problem . 
  they were meant to relief pressure from italy , greece and hungary . 
  law-abiding hungary solved the problem in their own very creative way , by sending everyone to austria . 
  italy and greece are still completely overwhelmed . 
  and now that croatia and slovenia have to deal with asylum seekers we are back at step one . 
  we need another emergency quota . 
  which wo n't happen either . 
  because according to a slovenian minister in june , `` solidarity must be voluntary '' . 
  well , that was in june , i 'm sure he sees that a bit different now . 
  we need a short term solution , because the systems are currently collapsing . 
  we do n't have time to wait until the , not even proposed , long term solution results in lesser asylum seekers . 
  `` if we had killed all the jews by 1920 , hitler would not have started the holocaust . '', 
  ( no , i 'm not comparing anti-immigrant parties with nazis . ), 
   in 2010 merkel said multikulti is dead and in the same speech she said `` islam belongs to germany '' . 
  because when she said multikulti is dead , she did n't mean that we do n't want migrants in germany . 
  she said that we ca n't allow parallel societies . 
  she said that the existing integration attempts have failed . 
  she said that we have to get better at integrating migrants . 
  and she said that we have to find solutions for people who are not willing to integrate . 
  did frontex publish september numbers ? 
  because considering that it 's still september , i actually doubt that . 
  just shut the fuck up and act . 
  do n't let anyone in , cooperate with austria to keep the south-eastern border of the da region closed . 
  i 'm talking about unlimited quotas . 
  one step more than the relocation of those 40,000 respectively 120,000 people . 
  because creating corridors to austria , germany and sweden wo n't fix the problem either . 
  how does creating a corridor stop the migrant flow ? 
  i guess estonia , latvia , lithuania , poland , the czech republic , slovakia , romania and bulgaria do n't have many problems .
