  and that 's where the fun starts . 
  the payers do n't like the idea because they have to pay . 
  and the receivers do n't like the idea because they have to give up sovereignty . 
   likewise pensions , welfare , minimum wages etc also need to be equalised - even if that means lowered in western europe and raised in eastern europe . 
  equalised in relation to what ? 
  in real value , i.e. 
  euro ? 
  how do you want to make that work ? 
  do n't forget the 30 % meta posts that complain about how this sub threats the uk . 
   i see crimea as similar to kosovo . 
  kosovo wants independence . 
  they do n't want to join another country after getting invaded by said country . 
  forever . 
  because import value added taxes are different from tariffs . 
  free trade agreements remove tariffs , not import vat . 
  only cross border trade inside the eu is free from import vat . 
  you have to pay import vat on imports from all third countries , even if they are part of the eu single market like norway or switzerland . 
  but you should be able to get a refund from the third country for the value added taxes you paid in the third country . 
  exports are usually vat free . 
  in a situation where the real value of a currency was halved , the population can only afford half of the imports anyway . 
  again . 
  if greece becomes more competitive , exports will increase and imports will decrease . 
  but if the difference between the price on the world market and the price on the local market is too high , producers will try to export as much as they can before serving the local market . 
  which will lead to a price increase on the local market . 
  to incentivise producers to sell locally . 
  the government can of course stop exports by setting local consumption quotas and by fixing prices . 
  but i doubt that a planned economy would be good for greece . 
  of course at this point greece would no longer be part of the eu or the single market . 
  so what 's the solution you olive pit ? 
  it would help greece massively if all countries and institutions that are n't germany would relief greek debt . 
  why do n't the other countries lead by example ? 
   people 's salary is only worth half as much , but they only pay half for food , rent , etc. 
  your landlord wants to own a bmw and an iphone , she ca n't buy those in drachma , so she will raise your rent after the monetary policy of your government has halved the rent price in real currency . 
  the company that sells your food uses machinery from france , trucks from sweden , packaging material from finland , software from estonia . 
  they have to increase prices as well , because they have to import things to be able to sell to you . 
  greece is also a net importer of food stuffs . 
  with your halved salary you can suddenly only afford half of the imported food that you bought before . 
  and as you said , your devalued currency makes exports more competitive on the international market . 
  which means that a food producer in greece can make way more money if he exports everything instead of selling locally . 
  which will lead to an increase of food prices in greece . 
  that would n't help greece though . 
  because it does n't change their competitiveness relative to other eurozone members . 
  since they are in the euro they have to devalue internally , i.e. 
  lower pensions , welfare payments and wages . 
  which is incredibly hard , because prices wo n't follow immediately . 
  it always starts with a slap . 
  and when a simple slap does n't work anymore there will be more violence . 
  nobody uses violence if they have other means of parenting . 
  no parent loves to beat their child . 
  the slap is already a measure of last resort when the parent is unable to cope with the situation in a non-violent way . 
  unfortunately that will often lead to more violence . 
  once they realise the first slap has n't worked in the overwhelming situation , the parent wo n't spontaneously come up with a non-violent way to make their child behave . 
  they know that violence worked before , so maybe it will work this time as well . 
  just have to use a bit more . 
  but just a bit more . 
  not too much , do n't want to abuse your child . 
  normalising `` just a slap '' paves the way for violence that even `` just a slap '' people consider abuse . 
  do you have any affiliation with the gmo industry ? 
  trump : very good . 
  i will end the sanctions tomorrow . 
  holy mother of god . 
  --  the inhumane and sexist practices in the medical education in the special operations training center were n't isolated cases . 
  it was tolerated practice in a whole division of training   the report contains the depiction of the soldier nicole e. , who came to pfullendorf last year in the rank of a oberf\u00e4hnrich . 
  she was forced by the instructors of the 2 . 
  inspektion to undress in the lecture room . 
  according to the report the soldiers groped her breasts and the inner genitals of the soldier . 
  at the pressure of the instructors , she had to sign an agreement on the voluntary nature of the action . 
  -- and why the fuck is the punishment for that , transfer to another unit ? 
  beggars ca n't be choosers , but keeping such higher-ups in the army might be the reason why nobody wants to join the army . 
  these individuals damage the image of the whole army . 
  downplaying the events and keeping these individuals in the army even more so . 
   the thing is , there 's nothing wrong in using really tiny violence such as slaps towards kids if you do it the right way , i.e. 
  use it only if they crossed certain boundaries and explaining them why do you use it . 
  if your child does the same things that you punished by `` really tiny violence '' again , will you use a bit more than `` really tiny '' violence ? 
  what if it does it again ? 
  that 's right , you 'll increase the violence . 
  like every sane person would do . 
  fool me once , shame on you . 
  fool me twice , shame on me . 
  i obviously did n't teach you a lesson . 
  where 's my belt ? 
   or how would you stop kids fighting each other without `` borderline child-abuse '' ? 
  pull them apart then restrain them with the least violence possible ? 
  nobody will consider that `` borderline child abuse '' . 
  at least if you do n't show them who is the boss by throwing a few punches yourself . 
  that `` everything can be considered violence so actual violence is totally okay '' is a really shitty argument . 
   a slap in the face is n't child abuse . 
  my father would argue that the belt is n't child abuse as long as you do n't hit the child with the buckle . 
   also , i do n't go around randomly spanking adults either . 
  because they will hit back ? 
   story about `` sexmob incident '' in frankfurt : never posted on \\ / r/europe . 
   does your research include posts that were removed because of the local crime rule ? 
   while we get nothing about the riots in france except for the 4 articles we got in the last 7 days . 
  there will be another amazon in the eu that will happily sell you things . 
  you will definitely have to pay import taxes if the value of the ordered goods is over the threshold ( 22 $ in germany ) . 
  only imports from other eu countries are import tax free . 
  cross border trade without paying import tax is something that is only possible in the eu . 
  even if you import something from a non-eu single market member ( e.g. 
  norway , switzerland ) you have to pay import tax . 
  for trumps not-eu ambassador greece is just a tool to destroy the eu .
