   re point 3 & 4 : i mean as in being able to move freely within germany . 
  he would have been able to do that anyway . 
  asylum seekers are not imprisoned in germany . 
   ukraine was persuaded to give up their nukes too , mainly by uk and us . 
  and they lost crimea as a result . 
  did you mean : they lost crimea because they trusted russia that it would comply with the guarantee it gave about the independence and sovereignty and the existing borders of ukraine . 
  russia , the us and the uk agreed to respect the independence and sovereignty , and the existing borders of ukraine . 
  neither the us nor the uk invaded ukraine . 
  hopefully the world learned its lesson . 
  never trust russia . 
   you know we accept refugees ? 
  and italy backs the sanctions . 
   also , eurodac in its newest iteration ( which , sadly , only got upgraded some time after greece seemed to have entered the eurodac information and thus could n't enter the relevant criminal history ) has criminal investigation histories and convictions in it for non-eu migrants . 
  do you have a link to that new regulation ? 
  as far as i know the european commission [ suggested in may 2016 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/transparency/regdoc/rep/1/2016/en/1-2016-272-en-f1-1.pdf ) that the eurodac regulation from [ 2013 ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/all/?uri=celex:32013r0603 ) , which entered into force on 20 july 2015 , should be amended . 
  they want to store things like biometric photos . 
  however i ca n't find anything about storing criminal data . 
  neither in the 2013 regulation nor in the proposed amendment . 
   germany majorly fucked up not checking the relevant systems - at which time greece most certainly would have noticed the absent international warrant and could at least have informed germany of it . 
  and how exactly would greece notice that germany found a matching dataset in eurodac ? 
   without the freedom of movement , that afghan could n't have murdered the woman . 
  freedom of movement is for eu citizens . 
  do you mean schengen ? 
  to get from greece to germany he had to re-enter the schengen zone in a country that is neither germany nor greece . 
   if germany had checked eurodac , he would n't have gotten freedom of movement what ? 
   because eurodac would have told germany that he requested asylum before and would need to be transferred back to greece . 
  dublin relocations have to be requested and coordinated with the eu country of first contact . 
  germany can not just transfer people back to greece . 
  asylum applicants also have the right to object the decision to relocate someone . 
  since greece is massively overwhelmed courts stop many of these relocations . 
  if germany would have checked eurodac for fingerprints they would have known that he requested asylum in greece before . 
  like countless of other people . 
  germany would then have requested a dublin relocation with greece . 
  and the asylum seeker would have been put into an asylum center to wait for greece ' answer to the relocation request . 
  because `` all the information '' that was available to germany does not contain information about criminal charges . 
   article 11   recording of data   only the following data shall be recorded in the central system :   - ( a ) fingerprint data ;  - ( b ) member state of origin , place and date of the application for international protection ; in the cases referred to in article 10 ( b ) , the date of application shall be the one entered by the member state who transferred the applicant ;  - ( c ) sex ;  - ( d ) reference number used by the member state of origin ;  - ( e ) date on which the fingerprints were taken ;  - ( f ) date on which the data were transmitted to the central system ;  - ( g ) operator user id ;  - ( h ) where applicable in accordance with article 10 ( a ) or ( b ) , the date of the arrival of the person concerned after a successful transfer ;  - ( i ) where applicable in accordance with article 10 ( c ) , the date when the person concerned left the territory of the member states ;  - ( j ) where applicable in accordance with article 10 ( d ) , the date when the person concerned left or was removed from the territory of the member states ;  - ( k ) where applicable in accordance with article 10 ( e ) , the date when the decision to examine the application was taken . 
    http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/all/?uri=celex:32013r0603, 
  difference is that these were n't convicted for imprisonment without parole in the first place . 
  the murderer got 10 years imprisonment . 
  and then was released after 17 months . 
  it 's also pretty irrelevant . 
  because convictions are not saved in eurodac . 
  all germany could have figured out with that eurodac entry would have been that the person requested asylum in greece already . 
  in that case the next step would be to file a dublin relocation request with greece . 
  he would not have been arrested for that . 
  who cares about eurodac ? 
  this is not about abuse of the asylum system . 
  even if germany would have figured out that he already requested asylum in greece . 
  germany could have only requested a dublin transfer with greece . 
  the conviction would have still be unknown . 
  greece failed to enter his data into the schengen information system and interpol/europol . 
  that 's the issue . 
  -- that 's the data that is available in eurodac :  article 11   recording of data   only the following data shall be recorded in the central system :   - ( a ) fingerprint data ;  - ( b ) member state of origin , place and date of the application for international protection ; in the cases referred to in article 10 ( b ) , the date of application shall be the one entered by the member state who transferred the applicant ;  - ( c ) sex ;  - ( d ) reference number used by the member state of origin ;  - ( e ) date on which the fingerprints were taken ;  - ( f ) date on which the data were transmitted to the central system ;  - ( g ) operator user id ;  - ( h ) where applicable in accordance with article 10 ( a ) or ( b ) , the date of the arrival of the person concerned after a successful transfer ;  - ( i ) where applicable in accordance with article 10 ( c ) , the date when the person concerned left the territory of the member states ;  - ( j ) where applicable in accordance with article 10 ( d ) , the date when the person concerned left or was removed from the territory of the member states ;  - ( k ) where applicable in accordance with article 10 ( e ) , the date when the decision to examine the application was taken . 
    http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/all/?uri=celex:32013r0603, 
  except when it 's about assisting italy and greece in the refugee crisis . 
  then it 's `` the eu should be based on trade and not some vegetarian cyclist vision of solidarity '' . 
   i 've had problems buying russian books because the book shop i usually go to stopped working with the publisher due to sanctions . 
  i 've bought the books via a finnish site in the end , but it was a hassle and costed me more . 
  so either the finnish book store violated the sanctions , or the decision of your book store had nothing to do with sanctions . 
  because it was half a year before poland was invited to join nato ? 
  low birthrate is mainly a problem for the pension system . 
  and the symptoms of that wo n't show immediately . 
  in the foreseeable future the hospital will switch from being sympathetic to wanting their money no matter the costs . 
  they will sell the bill to a collecting agency which will involve the legal system to make your friend pay , or they will use the legal system themselves . 
   what should he do ? 
  get a lawyer . 
  italy has repeatedly said that they have to assess if it makes sense to prolong sanctions . 
  just another `` we do n't want it , but the eu is forcing us to do it '' escape route for politicians that face backlash because of the economic problems that naturally come with sanctions . 
  they have been `` showing '' since 2014 . https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/search?q=italy+sanctions&amp;restrict_sr=on, 
  not if they are convicted to 10 years imprisonment . 
  you mean economic migrants . 
  only specific industries and businesses are targeted by the sanctions . 
  there 's no full embargo in place . 
  that 's not how the german asylum system works . 
  poland and other eu countries have asked for these deployments . 
  this is not an invasion . 
  and the eu has already made clear what it takes to get back to trade with russia . 
  the sanctions will be lifted once russia is out of ukraine . 
  unhcr resettlement is what basically all eu countries were doing since 2013 . 
   so please , explain to me how you can condemn russia while acting worse yourself ... 
  when was the last time a nato country enlarged its territory ? 
   the west ca n't criticize the acts without condemning their own ... crimea is n't any different than kosovo ... kosovo was made part of what nato country ? 
   russia annexed a peninsula inhabited by russians because they voted to join . 
  you mean they voted to join because they were annexed by russia . 
  then 101 % voted for our dear leader . 
   backbone means standing up against those much bigger than you , by not letting the chinese walk all over you so they can abuse your markets and they show that by hoping to become part of the new silk road ? 
   not agreeing with everything washington says by partaking in the invasion of iraq . 
  only 4 countries partook in it . 
  usa , uk , australia , poland . 
   not selling your citizens data then acting like a victim when caught ( germany ) . 
  poland has n't been caught yet . 
  poland allowed cia black sites in their country . 
  and you believe they do n't participate in intelligence sharing with the us intelligence services ? 
  and that difference is nato . 
  this will turn into the same legal shit show as the road toll for foreigners . 
  which was a csu precondition for forming a government in 2013 . 
  -- and i would still love to hear how that cap should work . 
  considering the large number of asylum seekers who got their refugee application rejected it wo n't be as easy as saying `` we 're full , please go home '' to asylum applicant number 200,001 . 
  also known as kfor ? 
   lets see , what would russia 's answer to this be this : [ dw : moscow flexes its muscles as minsk keeps silent ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/moscow-flexes-its-muscles-as-minsk-keeps-silent/a-36757443 )  `` we will increasingly take nato activities into account during ` west 2017 ' maneuvers .
