  i guess she will attend some bilateral talks there . 
   you can refer to your own steinmeyer for any hateful comments on the uk . 
  anything about not wanting bilateral relations in the future ? 
  and where are the other 26 countries that do n't want relations with the uk ? 
   sweden : http://www.svt.se/nyheter/ekonomi/finansministern-inget-bilateralt-handelsavtal-med-storbritannien i do n't speak swedish and google translate is not that good , so i just translated the headline :  finance minister : no bilateral trade agreements with the united kingdom because according to eu treaties sweden is not allowed to make trade agreements with the uk !, 
   - the uk leaves the single market , and you lose residency rights . 
  the latter part is not going to happen , berlin does not have to show the electorate that it 's tough on eu immigration . 
   but every european nation has said that there will be no bilateral relations with the uk . 
  got some quotes ? 
   now granted , they want a relation , but through the eu , but if that fails then there will be no relations between european countries and the uk , a very real possibility . 
  in areas that are legally negotiated by the eu , like trade ? 
  it 's bullshit . 
  nato is reluctant to station troops in eastern nato countries . 
  but of course ukraine is fair game . 
   imo anyone who joins a foreign jihadist movement should just be eligible to be convicted of treason , and treated as such . 
  in that case he would have been acquitted , because he did not do things that are objectively treason . 
   because [ ... ] canada value their military alliance with the us more than europe . 
  measured by what metric ? 
  thanking us soldiers for their service ? 
  ca n't be military spending because there 's just 4 nato countries that spend a smaller amount of their gdp on defense than canada . 
  slovenia ( 0.94 % ) , spain ( 0.91 % ) , belgium ( 0.85 % ) and luxembourg ( 0.44 % ) . 
  canada itself spends 0.99 % . 
  source : [ nato press release about defence expenditures of nato countries ( 2009-2016 ) ] ( http://www.nato.int/nato_static_fl2014/assets/pdf/pdf_2016_07/20160704_160704-pr2016-116.pdf ), 
  the concerns about romania and bulgaria joining schengen are about corruption . 
  corrupt government officials issuing schengen-visa to people who are not eligible for a schengen-visa . 
   they are leaving , get over it so they have triggered article 50 already ? 
   and now it seems like low rank soldiers were tricked , they were told it was a practice mission . 
  according to erdogan ? 
   and you can imagine why you will have a hard time finding any potholes there where is that magic east german place without potholes ? 
  the rule is `` you reach that goal within your assigned deadline by implementing the suggested actions , or you get fined '' . 
  the deadline of france runs out at the end of 2017 . 
  the deadline of portugal has run out last year , and the deadline of spain runs out this year . 
  before 2007 there were very few exceptions that allowed dual citizenship . 
  if you became citizen of another country you almost always lost the german citizenship . 
  if at some point in that story his ancestors became uk citizens , he is probably not entitled to german citizenship by bloodline . 
  and by `` more flexibility '' you mean that the uk should be able to decide how long it wants to `` negotiate '' while staying in the eu ? 
  the good thing is , if the uk does n't trigger article 50 within the next few months it 's pretty much a given that the european council wo n't extend the negotiation period . 
  and the eu will commit to start negotiations 23 months after article 50 has been triggered by the uk . 
  and then another petition and a third referendum where leave wins . 
  the eu does n't demand anything . 
  the eu does n't demand freedom of movement from the uk . 
  the uk wants to be part of the single market . 
  the uk is the applicant . 
  not the other way around . 
  that will just lead to more unpaid overtime . 
  italy is not in the corrective arm of the stability and growth pact . 
  and the deadline for france is n't running out until the end of 2017 . 
   send someone over to overview the finances if you want to seem serious , but a fine is n't going to help recovering economies . 
  so instead of giving them a symbolic 0 $ fine , the eu should take away their fiscal sovereignty ? 
  i doubt that his parents are german if he has to go back 50/60 years . 
  it 's not enough that one of your ancestors is or was german . 
  you get german citizenship if your parents were german at the time of your birth . 
  there are different procedures . 
  and each procedure has different categories , that might or might not include corrective actions . 
  like many countries , germany violates indicators of the macroeconomic imbalances procedures . 
  that 's why germany is placed in the `` imbalances '' category of the mip . 
  germany is placed in the preventive arm of that category . 
  there are no corrective actions associated with that category . 
  if germany continues to violate the trade balance indicator it might be upgraded to the `` excessive imbalances '' category . 
  and if shit hits the fan it might even be upgraded again to the `` excessive imbalances with corrective action '' category . 
  that 's the phase where sanctions become a possibility if the corrective actions are ignored . 
  spain and portugal currently have problem with a different procedure . 
  their problem is the stability and growth pact . 
  they are already in the corrective arm of it . 
  and they have failed to implement the corrective rules . 
  so they now face sanctions . 
   did you miss the part `` once the uk leaves the eu '' ? 
  irrelevant . 
  if you are n't swiss or eu citizen and exceptions are n't granted you have to give up your current citizenship before you are allowed to become a german citizen . 
  in these cases giving up your citizenship is a prerequisite to get the german citizenship . 
  if you are a british citizen you do n't have to do that . 
  for obvious reasons germany is not able to take away your other citizenship . 
  so nobody will lose its uk citizenship once the uk leaves the eu . 
  and germany ca n't just take away the german citizenship either . 
  uk citizens that become german citizens before the uk leaves the eu , will stay dual citizens . 
  france 's deadline for correction does n't run out until the end of 2017 . 
  and italy is not in the corrective arm of the stability and growth pact . 
  but the uk is . 
  germany is neither in the corrective arm of the macroeconomic imbalances procedure nor in the corrective arm of the stability and growth pact . 
  that might be the reason for no corrective measures . 
  or animal farm style euroreich . 
  pick one . 
  germany is in the imbalances arm of the mip , which does n't have corrective actions . 
  no country is currently in the corrective arm of the mip . 
  spain and portugal are among the 6 countries that are currently in the corrective arm of the stability and growth pact . 
  and they are singled out from these 6 countries because according to the eu commission they have n't done enough to reach the goals until the deadline that they were given . 
   why is it that the uk flag or symbols is always next to sweden ? 
  because of the alphabet ? 
  the map with the flags looks like the countries are sorted by their local names . 
  at least the eu was smart enough to place the uk flag last . 
  so they do n't have to rearrange the other flags . 
  wrong . 
  germany allows dual citizenship 2 . 
  for eu nationalities and citizen of switzerland dual citizenship is the default . 
  but you believe the eu will spend `` a few billions '' to start article 50 negotiations with the uk , that may never be needed because the uk decides to not trigger article 50 ? 
   i 've been in germany for 5 years this autumn , but citizenship here requires 8 years residency ... 7 if you attend an integration course . 
  and 6 if you have very good language skills as well . 
  for that every politician and their mother has to resign first . 
  should threaten to use nukes on brussels . 
   what 's your explanation for american investors as well ?
