  it has bothered basically everyone since forever . 
  but without the apple case nobody would talk about it . 
  there 's a eu directive that requires a minimum rate for value added tax . 
  but nothing about corporate taxes . 
  the united states have federal taxes . 
  which is basically a minimum tax rate . 
  the federal corporate tax rate is 15 % for the first $ 50,000 profit ; so every business in the us will pay 15 % and whatever their state wants for the first $ 50,000 . 
   your taxes will be still put to good use , to save somebody that is n't an idiot . 
  like the motorsports enthusiast that crashed into a wall during a race . 
  or the free-climber that loves the thrill but slipped and fell because safety equipment is for pussies . 
   either you do something about the company internal billing process in german tax law this is called `` missbrauch von rechtlichen gestaltungsm\u00f6glichkeiten '' . 
  roughly translated as `` abuse of legal design options '' . 
  if you design a transaction in a unreasonable way to safe taxes , the tax authorities might ignore it . 
  though it 's mostly used against people who do stuff like selling their car to their kids so they can rent it from them for an unreasonable price . 
  you know , stuff that sole proprietors might try to reduce their taxes . 
  until now nobody had the courage to use it against unreasonable license payments between companies of the same corporation . 
  you wo n't believe what germany just did !, 
  we should give them brandenburg, 
  thank you for your service . 
  we want that gold train back, 
  much smaller gap . 
  but still far away from reaching equal levels . 
  1952 of the 5896 people that were suspected of rape ( that includes all kinds of rapes , group rapes as well ) in 2015 were not german . 
  that 's 33.1 % . 
  at the end of 2015 9.1 million of the 82.2 million people in germany were not german . 
  that 's 11.0 %, 
  very good . 
  one of the reason three ( the mobile operator that experimented with network wide ad-blocking ) [ mentioned ] ( http://www.threemediacentre.co.uk/news/2016/shine-announcement.aspx ) was :  1 . 
  that customers should not pay data charges to receive adverts . 
  ** these should be costs borne by the advertiser . 
  ** which one can translate to :  ad providers should pay us . 
  according to our crime statistics , group rapes are indeed a speciality of immigrants . 
  of 360 people who were suspected of being part of a group rape in 2015 only 194 were german . 
  9 suspects were afghan , 5 iraqis , 5 italians , 5 from cameroon , 7 from kosovo , 7 from morocco , 12 poles , 6 romanians , 10 serbs , 19 syrians , 29 turks , 6 us citizen . 
  but the european court of human rights will believe that these walled off greek islands fall under its jurisdiction . 
  greece has ratified the un refugee convention and its european pendants . 
  they give refugees certain rights . 
  you ca n't jail them for being refugees . 
   people leaving assigned countries they do n't have rights outside their assigned country . 
  no access to welfare , no right to work . 
  allegedly asylum seekers only come for the welfare , so that should solve the problem in no time . 
   the australian solution requires an island not really . 
  the australian solution requires a country that is not australia . 
  or in our case a country that is not in the eu . 
  the eu-turkey deal is basically the australian solution . 
  in a lighter form because of the refugee exchange . 
  the point of the australian solution is n't that asylum seekers are detained on an island so they ca n't leave because they are surrounded by sharks . 
  the point is that they are n't in australia . 
  the un refugee convention gives refugees certain rights . 
  detaining refugees on empty greek islands would violate a few of these rights . 
  which would allow refugees to sue greece . 
  and the european court of human rights will hold greece responsible for that . 
  the islands that are for sale ( if there are any at all ) are small and do n't have any infrastructure . 
  it would be much cheaper to build these camps somewhere else . 
  for example in rural ireland . 
  there 's enough space in almost all eu countries . 
  no need to suggest that greece takes care of eu problems all the time . 
  oh and the point of the australian solution is that asylum seekers are n't in australia . 
  so they do n't fall under australian jurisdiction . 
  and australia can pretend that they uphold the un refugee convention because people can still request asylum in australia if they reach australian soil . 
  which they do n't , because they are brought to a detention camp outside of australia before they reach australian soil . 
  bringing asylum seekers to a camp inside eu would not be the australian solution . 
  not at all . 
   you people seriously need to read and comprehend what you are responding to and linking to when spreading extremely misleading information . 
  about that ... 
  there were n't 600,000 people who came to germany and did n't register with the authorities . 
  1,091,894 people were registered in the easy system in germany in 2015 . 
  that happens when they have first contact with german authorities . 
  it 's a it system that distributes them to the different states . 
  they are then send to a first reception facility in one of the german states . 
  there they wait until the authorities are ready to process their asylum application . 
  the moment authorities accepted their application , they became one of the 441,899 people that officially applied for asylum in 2015 . 
  refugees can apply for citizenship after 6 years . 
  if they fulfill criteria like being able to support their whole household without welfare payments . 
  maybe ~ ~ immigrants ~ ~ expats in other countries hate their new homes and just stay for the money . 
  for people from rich countries . 
  the romanian it worker who moves to germany is an immigrant . 
  the german it worker who moves to romania is an expat . 
  greece is in the eu , therefor greek islands are eu territory as well . 
  empty islands are empty for a reason . 
  why not create camps in eastern poland instead ? 
  would be much cheaper than making island habitable . 
   take control of part of syrian territory and make some rules so it wont be a welfare magnet . 
  the countries that refuse quotas should form the spearhead for such a mission . 
  why are n't they doing that ? 
  what 's stoping greece from doing that ? 
  lack of planes ? 
  both statements are correct if the distribution looks like this : - 30 % from syria - 20 % from somalia - 20 % from iraq - 20 % from eritrea - 10 % from other countries -- in [ july 2016 ] ( http://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/meldungen/de/2016/20160808-asylgeschaeftsstatistik-juli.html ) there were 74,454 asylum applications . 
  22,574 of them from syrians . 
  30 % basically . 
  the sanctions are specific to certain sectors . 
  there is no full embargo in place . 
  if only russia could do something to get rid of these sanctions . 
   the only countries that seem to able to learn from those experiences are the eastern european countries . 
  they do n't want refugees and when they look at france and germany , they know why . 
  and then they move to france and germany . 
   really , i though he had made it clear that he does n't want to . 
  he said that he is loyal to merkel and does n't want to intrigue against her . 
  he also said `` adenauer was 73 when he became chancellor . '', 
  sch\u00e4uble is currently 73 .
