  and the uk will be our papua new guinea . 
  that 's the only island in our vicinity that can host hundred-thousands of refugees . 
  libya is not indonesia , you ca n't send people back to libya . 
  so you have to bring them to the refugee center in our version of png . 
  richer than europe ? 
  last time i check the eu was the biggest economy in the world . 
  but thanks for comparing us to shitholes like the saudis or oman . 
  i too would love when europe would ignore human rights like these countries . 
  and how do you reach that border checkpoint if you are not allowed to board ferries , trains and planes that go to europe because you ca n't present a valid visa ? 
   why not put refugee camps on some islands in the mediterranean like kos and others , and help the refugees until they can go home ? 
  i 'm sure the people in kos and others would love that . 
  who needs peaceful islands that attract tourists if you can have refugee camps that host hundred-thousands of people . 
  i can pretty much guarantee you that the `` torn book '' was not the start of the dispute . 
  it was most likely a provocation that followed something else . 
  if they live in different apartments there would n't be situations like this . 
  they would just walk away . 
  i understand the tensions that are created when you throw 20 people of different background in a shared sleeping hall that was designed for 10 people . 
  society as a whole does not have this problem . 
  because there is a natural separation called `` living in different apartments '' . 
  because in the `` population '' you do n't share a sleeping hall with people from other religions and other countries . 
  if these are people from heidenau why are they escorted to the train ? 
  these are nazis from the whole dresden area . 
  it 's possible that there were people that are n't neo-nazis on day one of the protests . 
  after the clash in the first night , all these normal people staid at home . 
  and more drunk nazis from the greater dresden area came to enjoy a little fight with the police . 
  it was me . 
  because out of `` solidarity '' with greece , i switched from big brand mass market olive oil to olive oil from crete . 
  and holy shit is that bertolli crap disgusting in comparison . 
   they want to replace eu migration to britain with immigration from the commonwealth ( aka brown people ) . 
  more specifically they want to replace freedom of movement ( aka : every eu citizen is allowed to migrate , no matter how uneducated ) with a system that will be designed by the uk . 
  so for example a system that only allows high-skilled workers . 
  from various npd statements - leave eu - leave nato - cut ties to the us - closer ties to russia and serbia from the [ npd party manifesto ] ( https://npd.de/inhalte/daten/dateiablage/br_parteiprogramm_a4.pdf ) - german foreign policy has to cater to german interests only - no german soldiers on foreign territory - turkey is not european - the oder-neisse line was forced upon germany and is therefor not legitimate - german territory must not be given away because it 's a violation of the law of nations - germany should be reunited in its historically grown borders - germany needs a peace treaty with the allied forces - until germany is reunited , germany has to help germans that live in the occupied territories - german people that were displaced after the 2nd world war have to get back their property, 
  account age 1 hour . 
  welcome to reddit , new user . 
  yeah . 
  i will totally start to read youtube comments on a video about refugees . 
  i believe the majority in east germany does not share the views of the neo-nazi protesters . 
  but you 're right , we lack experience with foreigners , especially muslims . 
  i saw that with my own eyes when it was announced that we get refugee families in our neighborhood . 
  there was a bit of an outrage and people feared crime and other bad things . 
  now the biggest problem people have with them is the lack of proper trash separation . 
  so the current crisis might have a good side , east germany comes in contact with muslims . 
  you have to switch accounts , when writing multiple posts . 
   but can we at least also deport the people that start a riot over a torn koran ? 
  not legally . 
  there are very few crimes that void the right to asylum . 
  the only thing you can do is charge them with whatever criminal act that is . 
  then they 'll be sentenced to a couple hundred euro fine that they 'll have to pay from their pocket money . 
  the lesson should be to separate refugees by religion and origin . 
  do n't throw them into the same overcrowded asylum center . 
  group dynamics and the tensions of the overcrowded camp are a bad mixture . 
  in situations like that , even tiny disagreements lead to violence . 
  in that regard an asylum center is not different from a night club . 
  what could have ended with `` i 'm sorry , wo n't happen again '' if everyone was on their own , ends in a bar fight that involves two dozen people . 
  greece and italy host a million refugees while the rest of the eu does absolutely nothing . 
  sounds totally fair . 
  the dublin treaties did n't have hundred-thousands refugees in mind . 
   if the same was happening to the us , it would within weeks have its ' military setting up safe-zones and stabilizing neighboring countries . 
  the us has between 7 and 20 million illegals in the country . 
  ( source : wikipedia ) where 's the military action ? 
  our complex ? 
  i doubt that many of these flags were created by germans : http://www.tameteora.gr/?p=36028 yep , that 's what happens if germany takes the lead . 
  and do n't forget that people from smaller countries said countless times that germany uses the euro as a weapon to establish the 4th reich . 
  you are too new to reddit , so you missed that glorious time . 
   there 's no global system to resettle these refugees . 
  there is . 
  the unhcr resettlement program . 
  but i think they usually have less than 100,000 places per year . 
  most of them are offered by the us , canada and australia . 
  we only have 500 million people in the union . 
  and the eu is only the largest economy in the world . 
  what did you expect ? 
  clearly just concerned citizens that want to show that they are dissatisfied with the political reaction to the refugee crisis . 
  these are just concerned citizens . 
  and they chanted `` people who do n't fall under the un refugee convention of 1951 should be brought back to their home country if they do n't require subsidiary protection ! '', 
  vote for a different party . 
  discuss the issue with politicians . 
  ask questions at sessions of the city council . 
  that 's the european way . 
  i think it 's called democracy . 
  throwing stones at refugees and burning down asylum centers is not something we want to see in europe . 
  but maybe that 's just me and others think that 's an acceptable way to state an `` opinion '' . 
  it 's true . 
  if you have received asylum ( not subsidiary protection ) you only have to wait 6 years , and the time you were asylum seeker is counted to that time as well . 
  regular immigrants have to wait 8 years . 
  but besides that the requirements are the same . 
  you have to pass a language and integration course , and you have to be able to provide for your family from your own household income . 
  surveillance cameras in every room of every home . 
  in other words : nothing, 
  he put carpets on the wall . 
  no science involved . 
  of course . 
  here a photo from the demonstration in heidenau : http://i.imgur.com/yvkvpdx.jpg people all over europe love the sight of the reichsflagge . 
  it 's a symbol of peace , reconciliation and it shows how far we have come . 
  i think eastern europe especially appreciates the hoisting of that flag . 
  source of the photo is this german article by n-tv : http://www.n-tv.de/politik/neonazis-greifen-polizisten-an-article15775371.html, 
  probably . 
  that 's the shirt : http://i.imgur.com/6vtvyxy.jpg, 
   but they are . 
  they appreciate what germany is and why germany is prosperous and nice and why germany has contributed so immensely to human progress .
