   there are things you should keep untouched france for example . 
  you touch my france , i will refuel planes that bomb you . 
  i think the communists are to blame . 
  back in the gdr , women were expected to work , and they were expected to have children . 
  so the state created a childcare system that took care of the children from a very early age . 
  back then working and having children was not seen as something crazy that nobody can accomplish . 
  you gave birth , stayed at home for a few months , then your child went to childcare and you went back to work . 
  that was the norm back then . 
  it was not seen as uncaring , cruel , dangerous or anything . 
  it 's been a while since then , but you can still see a difference if you look at the percentage of children who receive childcare . 
  to compare the two ends of the birthrate spectrum . 
  in saxony 50.6 % of the children under 3 years attend childcare . 
  in saarland it 's 28.3 % . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.kindergartenpaedagogik.de/1650.html ) and that 's from 2015 . 
  if you go back a few years , where basically only people in the eastern states were entitled to a childcare place the differences become even greater . 
  but do n't be unemployed . 
  and do n't travel after you just graduated from university . 
  and you better are n't self employed either . 
  because if you fall in one of these categories you might not get a visa . 
  no it does n't . 
  there is a passport/visa check at every german schengen entry point , i.e. 
  german airports and german ports . 
  the rest is schengen , and germany is not responsible for people that were allowed to enter the schengen area in countries like hungary or slovenia . 
   exclusive : pm to confirm he has reached his own target of resettling 1,000 syrians in uk   david cameron has beaten floundering eu leaders to meet his own target of resettling 1,000 syrian refugees in the uk by christmas . 
  the uk has beaten the eu in a game that most eu countries stopped playing a while ago . 
  here 's the matching dw article from september 2013 :  first of syrian quota refugees reach germany   the first of 5,000 syrian refugees picked mostly from crowded camps in lebanon have arrived on a chartered flight in hanover , germany . 
  criteria used have been questioned by church groups . 
   http://www.dw.com/en/first-of-syrian-quota-refugees-reach-germany/a-17083349 since the start of the program in 2013 , germany has resettled 40,000 syrians . 
  half of them under private sponsorship visa . 
  you misunderstood me . 
  currently the us requires citizens from a few eu countries to get a visa before they travel . 
  romania and poland are two of them . 
  since romania is not part of schengen they can use reciprocity and change the visa rules for us citizens . 
  but poland ca n't , because they have to follow the schengen rules . 
  -- and the proposed changes affect everybody who travels via visa waiver . 
  no matter if the person is from germany , the uk , australia , chile , switzerland or south korea . 
  if citizens of these countries have travelled to syria they ca n't travel under the visa waiver program . 
  it 's not the passport document that allows you to work in the eu . 
  you get freedom of movement because you are a citizen of one of the eu members . 
  in fact you do n't even need a passport to use most of these rights . 
  your national id is enough . 
  since romania is not in schengen they can actually do that . 
  but for example poland ca n't , because us citizens do n't require schengen visa . 
  we have passports that share the same format and cover design . 
  but that 's where the similarities end . 
  esta is electronic pre-registration to figure out if you are eligible for the usa visa-waiver program . 
  it has replaced the green forms that were also meant as pre-registration , but people always filled them out while already on the flight to the us . 
  besides identification data , it contains a couple questions like  do you seek to engage or have you ever engaged in terrorist activities , espionage , sabotage or genocide ? 
   [ ] yes [ ] no and if you answer any of the questions with yes you ca n't enter the us via visa waiver . 
  which means that you have to get a visa before you travel . 
  has a eu citizen that travelled to iraq , iran , syria or sudan after march 2011 committed terrorist acts in the us ? 
  now that i think about that , what eu citizens have committed terrorist acts in the us ? 
  even the 9/11 terrorists were `` just '' eu residents . 
  or both . 
  it 's the balkan nonetheless , so there is a real chance that the country will split itself tomorrow . 
  they are probably running out of parking space down there . 
   see this is why ~ ~ germans ~ ~ southern bavarians are just naturally a terrifying people . 
  fixed that for you . 
  i 'm as german as it gets , and i 've never heard about krampus until last year . 
  we only have knecht ruprecht who threatens naughty children with whippings from a birch and gives them coal as presents . 
  i think international law does n't allow that . 
  but they could change it to crete . 
  there is no such thing as floridian citizenship . 
  if the eu would federalize into the united states of europe , people who live in the state of romania would not require a visa . 
  but it 's about time that reciprocity is used . 
  every single us citizen that enters the eu should be interviewed about his job , friends , family , previous membership in terroristic groups , his drug usage , and all the other things cbp agents are so interested in . 
  fingerprinting and biometric photos must be mandatory too . 
  and like the us , we need a database where we store data about us travelers for 100 years . 
   and some countries did n't even start to pick up the refugees located in italy and greece . 
  what most people do n't realize , the eu relocation plan is not an immediate action , it is planned to happen over the next two years . 
  some countries might need more time to prepare adequate facilities . 
  so what 's different between that proposed rule and the 20 something other rules that already make you exempt from visa waiver ? 
  why would esta itself not `` could trigger legally-mandated reciprocal measures . '' ? 
  if you answer just one question wrong , you are exempt from visa waiver . 
  and now they will just add another question . 
   have you travelled to iraq , iran , syria or sudan after march 2011  [ ] yes [ ] no just in between  do you seek to engage or have you ever engaged in terrorist activities , espionage , sabotage or genocide ? 
   [ ] yes [ ] no and  do you have a communicable disease ; physical or mental disorder ; or are you a drug abuser or addict ? 
   [ ] yes [ ] no, 
  the german position is pretty clear . 
  reduce risks further before sharing liabilities . 
  but it looks like the eu prefers to do it the other way around . 
  first a banking union with shared liabilities , and then we figure out how we reduce risks further and how we can improve insolvency and restructuring rules so the banking union can react in a way that does n't cost the taxpayers . 
  what do you want to achieve by grouping the eu into different tiers depending on economic output ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  the whole uk special treatment discussion is about sovereignty , not about economic capabilities . 
  the eu did n't sanction the energy trade because the eu actually relies on it . 
  even the eu country that hates russia the most continues to buy russian gas . 
  i 've read the article for you :  the european commission has pledged to give $ 80m ( # 58m ) to greece to help house refugees through schemes including an apartment rental programme , hotel vouchers and subsidies to families who will host refugees . 
    the scheme , announced in athens on monday , aims to provide ** 20,000 additional reception places ** to the country on the frontline of europe 's migration crisis . 
  asylum seekers and candidates seeking relocation elsewhere in europe will be eligible . 
  they are not ? 
  the refugee distribution plans were first negotiated in may 2015 . 
  in april 3405 people requested asylum in sweden . 
  in september the eu parliament then decided to resettle more people . 
  in august sweden already received 11270 asylum applications . 
  in september the number had increased to 23735 applications . 
  and that 's where the latest eurostat numbers end . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the numbers for october and november will be at least 10000 higher than in september . 
  [ no ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/betteridge%27s_law_of_headlines ), 
  there is a fuckton of fine print attached to each of these fundamental freedoms .
