  that means setting up a checkpoint at the border to check every car that passes , or checking the passengers in every single train . 
  random checks are allowed , and happen regularly . 
   haha , how long do you think greece could survive if the united states invaded ? 
   in june or july we were around 400k asylum seekers who actually arrived in our country , if i recall correctly , 218,221 people applied for asylum between january and the end of july 2015 . 
  that includes 22,498 subsequent application , that means people request again after their first application was rejected . 
  that means 195,723 came to germany to request asylum the first time . 
  the primary mission of the eu navies that are currently active in the mediterranean sea is to collect information about human trafficking . 
  internet tough guys to the rescue !, 
  pilots bragging about it in local bars . 
   why is n't removing isis on the table opposed to resettling these masses in europe ? 
  because isis is a symptom . 
  as soon as western forces move out of the area , a new terror organization will grow . 
  that 's exactly what happened when the coalition of the willing scaled back their occupation of iraq . 
  the second i of isil stands for iraq . 
  does that ring a bell ? 
  guess what . 
  borders between countries are n't airtight . 
  and an invasion in iraq might lead to the creation of terror groups that then cause havoc in countries like syria . 
  this time it 'll work !, 
  but i think our military stays at home . 
  we 'll stay in `` team asylum '' . 
  and i 'm pretty sure even the uk will use an opt-out from an invasion in syria , iraq and libya . 
  and what `` solution '' do you propose ? 
  violate the un refugee convention ( no , the convention was not made for situations where only a few hundred refugees need shelter . 
  it was made with world war iii in mind ) and send them back to the civil war in libya ? 
  or send them back to turkey because they are somehow more responsible for them than the eu ? 
  poland took part in the invasion of iraq . 
  that 's where isil comes from . 
  but at least they did n't have colonies . 
  -- but i love how `` we want to help them '' became `` we are not responsible for them '' . 
  because that 's the exact attitude i meant . 
  all that talk about helping people outside of europe is just that . 
  talk . 
  a couple days ago a slovakian politician said that it would be good to bring women and children , who really need humanitarian protection , to europe . 
  much better than letting everyone in . 
  guess what . 
  the unhcr would be really thankful if slovakia would offer to host a few thousand women and children . 
  there is already a program in place for that . 
  but nope . 
  just talk . 
  and world citizens settling in different parts of the world are n't immigrants either . 
  no , that 's not what ban ki-moon stated . 
  the original statement : http://www.un.org/sg/statements/index.asp?nid=8938, 
   i actually think there is a vast majority in europe in favour of helping those in need also outside of europe , but there is only a minority that wants to destroy the welfare state and to change their society forever by uncontrolled mass-immigration . 
  and yet the vast majority of the countries that do n't want to host refugees do absolutely nothing outside of europe . 
  on top of that , many eu countries offer family reunification for people that have received asylum ( the real thing , not only subsidiary protection ) . 
  that means , if you fill out a bunch of forms and can prove that your family life can not happen in another country , the immigration agency might decide that you are allowed to bring your family . 
  the family then goes to the next embassy and gets the papers it needs to enter the eu legally . 
  for example by boarding a plane . 
  which is much safer than taking your family on a dangerous trip through countries that are currently in a civil war . 
  this year saxony has 7500 unfilled positions for apprenticeships . 
  at the same time 6200 people in saxony were unsuccessful at finding an apprenticeships . 
  at least in germany we do n't have enough jobs for ourselves because we want to do jobs that are not available , and we refuse to do jobs that are available . 
  next year there wo n't be 7500 unfilled apprenticeship positions . 
  because refugees are very eager to get the chance to learn these trades , even if the german youth sees them as less desirable . 
  read article 13 of the declaration of human rights again . 
  this time interpret it more literal . 
   ( 1 ) everyone has the right to freedom of movement and residence ** within the borders of each state . 
  ** so if you are a legal resident of germany you enjoy freedom of movement inside germany . 
  going to another country is not a human right . 
   ( 2 ) everyone has the right to leave any country , including his own , and to return to his country . 
  but of course it 's a human right to leave slovakia . 
  however , it 's not a human right to come to germany after leaving slovakia . 
  and eu freedom of movement is for eu citizens and holders of certain visas only . 
  how binding are statements from the attorney general ? 
  because they know that almost all european countries offer family reunification for accepted refugees . 
  do n't worry . 
  not even german refugees want to go to eastern europe . 
  we 'll wait in calais instead . 
  a court might fine them for each day they do n't comply . 
  lol, 
  did n't they know that such a huge refugee influx destroys the country ? 
  because almost all of the refugees that enter the us illegally are from safe countries . 
  the us is pretty generous when it comes to unhcr resettlement . 
  in 2013 they resettled 47,870 people from refugee camps all over the world . 
  that 's is literally two thirds of all resettlements that year . 
  and plenty of people leave voluntarily . 
  well . 
  in germany we call the grandchildren of people that migrated to germany half a century ago , turks . 
  we even have a nice derogatory term for people who have the german citizenship but are n't `` real germans '' . 
  friends of mine migrated to the us ten years ago . 
  everybody there sees them as us citizens with german roots . 
  both sides have to be willing to integrate someone . 
  and it seems that europe is quite bad at this . 
  a small safe zone that can host tens of thousand , if not more , people is not longer small . 
  add the distance you need to be safe from mortar attacks and you have a massive area to cover . 
  and keep in mind that you now have to protect the outer perimeter of the safe zone . 
  so you need military units in that zone . 
  which will then be the target of enemy fighters . 
  within a few days you have to leave the safe zone and fight against the enemy . 
  and what do you do if something bad happens outside of your safe zone ? 
  how many kilometers are you willing to move to protect people that want to reach your safe zone ? 
  do you fight against isis if they kill people a kilometer outside of your safe zone ? 
  2 kilometers ? 
  5 kilometers ? 
  at what point is it no longer your problem ? 
  your safe zone will lead to a full invasion pretty quickly . 
  oh and btw . 
  what does assad say to this safe zone idea ? 
  how does he feel if nato stations troops in his territory ?
