  because they have to check these videos and because it irritates other people who will then call the police . 
  and then there 's people who live-tweet police movements so the perpetrators know what to expect . 
  blacking out social media temporarily starts to sound like a viable way to deal with that bullshit . 
   19:25 in stachus centre , multiple wounded have been reported . 
  according to munich police , that has been a false alarm . 
   a lot of these refugees are men . 
  so why are n't they helping women and children to escape . 
  because they know that every eu country offers family reunification for accepted asylum seekers . 
  the issue is that the eu has not been granted ways to act in the refugee crisis . 
  that 's entirely the fault of the member states . 
  frontex has 0 law enforcement officers . 
  they entirely rely on member states willingness to share leo . 
  and the current crisis has shown that member states do n't ( or ca n't ) provide what they pledge . 
  frontex wanted to help greece by moving a couple hundred leo to processing hotspots . 
  member states did n't deliver . 
  member states also promised plenty of finger print reader . 
  guess what , they did n't deliver . 
  so processing of asylum seekers went slower than promised . 
  and who complained about that ? 
  correct , the member states . 
  earlier this month the member states gave frontex a few more competencies . 
  countries are now sanctioned if they do n't permit frontex to operate in their territory in times of crisis . 
  though frontex still did n't get leo that are entirely under frontex ' command . 
  we do n't grant the eu ways to act in a crisis because that would decrease our sovereignty . 
  and then we complain when the eu does n't act . 
  just mention polish death camps . 
  and yet everyone and their mother leaves the polish paradise for hell on earth western europe . 
  wait until he 'll use freedom of movement to migrate to a different country to lead it out of the eu . 
   maybe check our government 's stance on russia . 
  `` do what merkel says '' ? 
  i did n't know that . 
  who are they fighting ? 
  maybe he 's actually sick . 
  and he managed to save 20 $ per month since 2009 for a family vacation . 
  the innocent people should n't have joined daesh . 
  time for eighxit ? 
  a judge can invoke preventive detention if an offender is a danger for society . 
  in that case the offender stays in jail after he has finished his actual prison sentence . 
  every two years there 's a check to figure out if he 's still too dangerous to be released . 
  so even in that cases it 's not `` without parole '' . 
  people in preventive detention also have more freedoms in jail . 
  that and the regular checks avoids strasbourg . 
  there 's no such thing as mental asylum for life . 
  you get committed to a forensic clinic if you are n't criminally responsible for your crimes because of a mental illness . 
  one could argue that islamists are mentally ill , but they are certainly criminally responsible . 
  anyway , that does n't happen for life , a person has to stay in the clinic until they can be considered completely cured . 
  there 's sicherheitsverwahrung , preventive detention . 
  that would be a possibility . 
  but i 'm not so sure that the judge would have invoked that . 
   he would have been sentenced to life without the possibility to get out . 
  because nobody died . 
  in germany a lifelong prison sentence generally requires that the victim dies . 
  he very likely would n't have been sentenced to more than 10 years . 
  but renate k\u00fcnast does n't tweet questions with four questionmarks to every incident . 
  if he 's elected and he does n't explicitly revoke his statement it has already happened . 
  that 's the problem with his statement . 
  he did n't say `` we 'll kick countries that do n't pay out of nato '' or `` we 'll leave nato if others do n't contribute '' . 
  he said `` if a nato country is attacked we might still not help them '' . 
  if he would have said the first , the one pillar of nato ( an attack on one is considered an attack on all ) would still stand strong . 
  by saying the latter he made nato defense conditional . 
  he did n't make nato membership conditional . 
  he made article 5 conditional . 
   combine that along with all the european politicians hoping to make an example out of the uk . 
  all 3 of them . 
  the rest just states a variation of `` no special rules for uk '' and `` we treat them like every other third country ( not to be confused with third world country ) '' , which is already considered hostile by many brits . 
  oh , and there are also many who say that the uk should not delay triggering article 50 because uncertainty is bad for economy . 
  also considered hostility , because `` do n't tell us what to do !, 
  we brits do n't listen to pesky frenchman '' . 
  easier said then done if you have kids and just bought a house . 
   excluding some minor protections for outright defamation . 
  like calling someone `` a-hole '' ? 
   even if the agreement ended britain is well within it 's right to deny people entry and send them back to their point of entry . 
  not if they say the magical words `` i hereby request asylum '' . 
  from this moment the uk is responsible for the asylum seeker . 
  it 's not as easy as you believe to send people back to the country they came from ( in a literal sense , not country of origin ) . 
  that 's why the eu created the dublin regulations . 
   9/11 joke ? 
  all i see are two skyscrapers ... you should update your operating system and/or browser . 
  yet the high skilled people that move from europe to the us can afford a higher standard of life in the us than they can in europe . 
  the us sucks if you are poor . 
  if you can get a work visa you probably get paid enough that you wo n't have problems paying for healthcare and a car . 
  here is top secret bundeswehr document i found in the pockets of a dead bundeswehr officer who was washed ashore on a beach in mallorca :  we so weak . 
  no guns . 
  no ammunitions . 
  our bombers ca n't fly at night . 
  and our helicopters ca n't even cross the channel !, 
  our submarines are all leaky !, 
  and we do n't even have strategic airlift capabilities !, 
  -- britain is safe !, 
  no need to prepare for blitzkrieg !, 
  `` if you want peace , prepare for war '', 
   for defending europe from aggression . 
  and germany is defended at the hindu kush . 
  let 's face it , what happens outside of europe can be very important for european safety as well . 
  and since we are so proud of our european values we should n't watch when human rights are violated systematically outside of our borders . 
  which means we need means of force projection and the willingness to use that in a good way . 
  i for one do n't want a hypothetical eu army to forgo un peace-keeping and peace-enforcing missions just because it 's not a eu country that is affected . 
  many of the syrian and iraqi refugees that arrived in germany before 2015 were better educated than one would expect . 
  back then around 20 % of the people that arrived in germany had a university degree . 
  30 % were skilled tradesman ( or whatever the english word for facharbeiter is ) .
