  that they stay in jail until their trial ? 
  because people do n't know what terms like `` visa free access '' or `` opening a chapter in the turkey accession to the eu '' mean . 
  for many the former means `` free movement '' and starting july millions of turks will move to the eu to take our jerbs . 
  and the latter means `` turkey will join the eu next year '' . 
  just have to make a law that terrorists must cross the border at the official checkpoints . 
  because you are a manly man who can protect her from german and non-german gropers ? 
   shocking . 
  indeed . 
  austria went down the path of implementing sharia law a while ago and literally nobody noticed . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ezadeen_incident https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blue_sky_m_incident and probably a couple more that do n't have their own wikipedia articles . 
  you meme 'd wrong . 
  i fixed it for you :  do n't say anything liberal , that would be racist, 
  pretty much . 
  special sections for women were mandatory according to the german train regulations of 1909 . 
  this is about a regional operator that wants to do this on the route between leipzig and chemnitz . 
  that 's around 80 km . 
  four trains are used on that route , and they keep one in reserve . 
  why do i know how many trains are used on this route ? 
  because the company was all over the local media in december . 
  that 's when they became the new operator of that line . 
  the old operator used modern railcars , the new one uses 30 year old cars from the gdr that got a new layer of paint and new seating . 
  the rest of the trains is like it was in the gdr . 
  no air-conditioning . 
  narrow doors that have to be operated by hand . 
  steep entrance . 
  no displays that show the next stop . 
  local organizations who fight for the right of disabled person where up in arms because of that . 
  i said in in the last thread about this , 99.99 % of the women that use this route would prefer to get the old operator back over these women protection sections . 
  do you believe there is a referendum every time a company does something to five trains ? 
  smoking in trains has been banned since september 2007 . 
   but this is not the type of integration politicians talk about . 
  it 's the integration politicians put into laws and regulations though . 
   tbh i 'd probably deface the ballot paper as a protest vote you could just stay at home and safe yourself a few minutes . 
  nobody cares about defaced ballots with fancy messages . 
  they go into the same bin that holds the ballots of people who are too stupid to vote . 
  that 's while they are in the asylum system . 
  people whose asylum requests are n't decided yet , or people who did not receive asylum . 
  people who have been granted asylum enter the regular welfare system . 
  they will receive the same benefits a german hartz 4 receiver would get . 
  hartz 4 is paid to people who are able to work . 
  asylum seekers do n't get hartz 4 though . 
  but people who have been granted asylum will receive it if they are able to work, 
  hartz 4 is the colloquial term for alg2 . 
  people smuggling business will never be over . 
  there 's just too much money to be made . 
  soon people will pay 4000 euro for a trip from turkey to bulgaria , romania or ukraine . 
  and if there 's something that the chairman of a 1.8 billion euro business cares about , it 's small businesses . 
   germans think of the uk as being about the same as germany we believe that germany is 2 pixel better than the uk . 
  8707 germans moved to the uk in 2014 . 
  5903 germans returned from the uk in 2014 . 
  10796 uk citizens moved to germany in 2014 . 
  9009 uk citizens left germany in 2014 . 
  -- page 153 , 235 , 263 of the migrationsbericht 2014 ( [ pdf , in german ] ( http://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/publikationen/migrationsberichte/migrationsbericht-2014.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ) ), 
  what organization do you work for ? 
   it forced them to open old coal plants which ones in particular ? 
   and import massive amounts of power from france . 
  up 40 % from 2014 . 
  in 2015 we were a [ net importer with france ] ( http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/180862/umfrage/stromaustauschsaldo-deutschlands-nach-partnerlaendern/ ) though . 
  we imported 11 twh more than we did export to france . 
  for comparison so people can see the massive scale . 
  among that 38 twh from solar , and 86 twh from wind . 
   nuclear power is one of the cleanest and safest ways to produce electricity and everyone concerned of the environment should encourage using it . 
  where do we store used fuel ? 
   laugh all that you want , but there is no city in the balkans where soldiers have to patrol the streets and bombs go off in the train . 
  so kfor is no longer needed ? 
  white socks , sandals and a jacket from ~ ~ jack wolfskin ~ ~ engelbert strauss . 
  you are confusing the german society with a local train operator who will implement this concept on literally 5 trains . 
  four of them are used on that route , one is in reserve in case one of the others breaks down . 
  according to a regional operator who implements this concept on literally 5 trains . 
  and one of these 5 is a reserve train if one of the other breaks . 
  sort of unplanned . 
  they could have been conducted exactly as planned , just a couple days earlier . 
  where the funding has to reach mosques via another entity . 
  for example the `` totally not muslim social club of austria '' . 
  or the `` totally not muslim consulting agency that does a lot of contracts with saudi arabia '' . 
  there 's more than reddit . 
  for example the 70 comments on the linked website . 
  because the stuff in the plastic container is not ( only ) butter . 
  i think i was questioned longer than that after i woke up in the hospital after a traffic accident . 
  it might sound harsh , but if this is true , which it probably is , i do n't want the belgians to handle terrorists . 
  it 's time to give europol the authority and the capabilities to handle cases that can potentially affect the whole eu . 
  in other news : iran sues a couple of french companies because the photos on their websites show unveiled women . 
  the iranian grand mufti says that a person 's right to not have to look at unveiled women can not depend on the geographic origin of those viewing the website . 
  or [ japan ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ea/womenscar_keioline.jpg ) . 
  looks like there are basically two reactions . 
  group a believes that this is a right wing idea that targets asylum seekers . 
  group b believes that this is a feminist idea that targets men . 
  pretty much everyone who has used that specific route before december 2015 and uses it now complains about the shitty cars that are used by the new operator . 
  they use 30 year old cars from the gdr that got a new layer of paint and new seats . 
  i guess the marketing department thought they have to show that they care about their passengers . 
  not enough to buy decent railcars , but enough to jump on the bandwagon of protecting woman from german and non-german molesters . 
  maybe lithuania should start to contribute to the anti-isis coalition before calling for a war . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 99.99 % of the women that use this route would go without `` women protection seats '' if they could get the modern trains back that were used by the previous operator . 
  the previous operator used modern railcars . 
  the new one uses 30 year old cars from the gdr . 
  new seating and a new layer of paint , but narrow doors that have to be opened by hand , steep entrances and no air conditioning . 
  and now they implement legislation from 1909 . 
  april 1909 ab . 
   they are relocated because japan can relocate them . 
  and i thought they were relocated because of the radiation dose that they would be exposed to if they would live there .
