  it 's probably true in your country as well . 
  in the uk ( royal mail ) there were [ 3300 dog attacks ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-31147700 ) between april 2013 and 2014 . 
  in the us ( usps ) [ nearly 5600 ] ( http://about.usps.com/postal-bulletin/2014/pb22388/pdf/pb22388.pdf ) postal employees were victimized by dogs in 2013 . 
  one problem is that the postal worker itself reinforces the aggressive behavior of the dog . 
  1 . postal worker comes 2 . dog acts aggressive 3 . postal worker goes away the dog thinks it did a great job scaring the worker away . 
  until the next day . 
  another problem is that postal workers carry more smells than a regular person . 
  during their work they come into contact with many people , some of them dog owners . 
  during each interaction a little bit of smell is transferred to the postal worker . 
  that might tip the balance towards the aggressive side of dog behavior . 
  corruption ? 
  even at retail price 10 tons of dog treats only cost 35000 euro . 
  and we are talking about a brand like pedigree . 
  these 47 bites are a result of thousand of dangerous encounters . 
  primarily they want to prevent these encounters , they are very stressful for the postpeople even if they are not bitten . 
  they do n't pull out the dog treats if the dog is already in the last phase of an attack . 
   offers of free trade so we can continue to flood the african market with cheap agriculture produce so their own farmers can continue to go bankrupt ? 
  it was only last year that the eu stopped all export subsidies on agricultural products . 
  but the option to bring them back still exists . 
  whenever the eu sees need they will ramp up those subsidies again . 
  the truth is we did n't give a fuck about africa in the last few centuries . 
  and we wo n't start now . 
   blood sucking tentacles . 
  and that 's where i stopped reading . 
  too neutral and non-populist for me . 
  they should have used * blood sucking nazi-tentacles * . 
    the reu will be harmed by making trade with the uk difficult . 
   yes , but the uk will be harmed too . 
  that 's easy to say if your country 's trade with the uk is negligible . 
  romania will not feel the impact with more trade barriers between uk and eu . 
  countries like germany , the netherlands , france , belgium-luxembourg , italy , ireland , spain and sweden have a bit more to lose . 
  all of them are among the 10 most important trading partners of the uk . 
  if the uk leaves there will be a trade deal that will be comparable to the single market . 
  how exactly that deal will look like is up for debate , but it will come into fruition rather quickly . 
  the economy of the eu is more important than hurt feelings because the `` abuse '' of free movement by eastern european countries would play a big part in the decision to leave the eu . 
  we recycle internet things from latvia 27 \\ . 
  we do n't even need 28 reasons . 
   are school-boys doing all that ? 
  yes . 
  they are very dangerous . 
  one of them shot his german language teacher dead last year . 
  in the middle of peaceful and muslim-free estonia . 
  that would have never happened in a girl-only school . 
  we should keep europe free of schoolboys !, 
  carlsberg , heineken and budweiser ( us ) . 
  beer snobs hate me . 
  because the eu membership gets more expensive if the second largest ( [ 2013 ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/financialcrisis/11221427/eu-budget-what-you-need-to-know.html ) ) net contributor leaves . 
  greece 's problem is that the final court decision will take at least a decade . 
  they wo n't survive that time without financial help from germany . 
  the whole thing is a populist move to show the greek population that the government does something against almighty nazi-merkel who uses economy to finish what hitler started . 
  my theory is that greece knows that their only option as a default . 
  and they try to create a situation were they can blame the eu for letting a grexit happen . 
  three quarters of it are doped ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  they work the longest times . 
  they are not very productive though . 
  ( but that 's not necessarily the fault of the hard working people ), 
  jeez . 
  just take the case to court . 
  the greece government makes it really hard to not hate that country . 
  is this different from the migration center the eu runs in bamako , mali since 2008 ? 
  i would link to cigem.org but apparently the centre d' information et gestion des migrations missed to renew their domain on time . 
  who is questioning the defense alliance ? 
  if non-defensive acts outside the eu should be a part of the eu military alliance is an entirely different question . 
  and i can easily answer that the eu should stay a defense alliance in its strictest meaning . 
  we do n't need eu bombs in libya . 
  and we do n't have to protect the freedom of ~ ~ germany ~ ~ europe in the hindu kush . 
  that 's not how nato works . 
  you need to invoke article 5 of the north atlantic treaty to get help from other nato members . 
  article 5 is bound to a strict set of rules and you ca n't invoke it just because you want some help . 
  the rules basically say that you have to be attacked in nato territories . 
  nato still exists , and france and germany are still nato members . 
  and both of them rejected an invitation to iraq in 2003 . 
   if the conflcit in the south china sea turns into a shooting war , is nato obligated to join to on the side of the us ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  article 6 of the [ the north atlantic treaty ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/sid-ecae8db0-f591ec88/natolive/official_texts_17120.htm ) :  for the purpose of article 5 , an armed attack on one or more of the parties is deemed to include an armed attack :   - on the territory of any of the parties in europe or north america , on the algerian departments of france ( 2 ) , on the territory of or on the islands under the jurisdiction of any of the parties in the north atlantic area north of the tropic of cancer ;  - on the forces , vessels , or aircraft of any of the parties , when in or over these territories or any other area in europe in which occupation forces of any of the parties were stationed on the date when the treaty entered into force or the mediterranean sea or the north atlantic area north of the tropic of cancer . 
   this video is not available in your country due to a copyright claim by gema . 
  yep . 
  that video basically defines germany . 
  because of dank polandball memes . 
  it makes a lot of sense if you are from a country that would get less asylum seekers because of the quota . 
  you know , like every eu country except uk and eastern europe . 
  the politicians are listening . 
  just not in your country . 
  it 's meaningless because we do n't know the question that lead to these results . 
  vague is understated . 
  it 's absolutely meaningless without more context . 
  the statistics for immigration of skilled workers and unskilled workers will look very different . 
  i would give a visa to every skilled worker who asks . 
  but i would hand out visa for unskilled workers very sparsely . 
  you have absolutely no idea how the asylum process works , have you ? 
  if that guy would have requested asylum in sweden , or anywhere else in the eu , he would have received it . 
  but he did n't . 
  he applied for a temporary visa to speak at a not very relevant event . 
   maybe wikipedia 's incomplete , and it is german ? 
  we would never buy such an excellent piece of hardware . 
  we prefer to create european consortiums between different countries so everything can be developed collaboratively . 
  it 's the only way to guarantee that politics play a more important role than engineering . 
  how else could we make sure that our equipment is more expensive and less capable than already existing alternatives ? 
  our people are now buying your blue jeans and listening to your pop music [ .
