   honestly , how do you expect them to react ? 
  repeat 8th grade so they can learn about the ways to influence policy in a democratic society . 
  but they already do something . 
  did n't you hear that there was one or two ( depending on source ) arrests in heidenau . 
  that 's already a lot for saxony . 
  we usually only arrest people that blockade the annual nazi marches in dresden and chemnitz . 
  here is an extensive list of what gabriel will do next regarding that issue :, 
  do n't forget the problemb\u00e4r . 
  they are neither normalb\u00e4ren nor schadb\u00e4ren . 
  with people they probably mean government officials and politicians . 
  according to my local newspaper there was one arrest in heidenau . 
  that 's less arrests than happened when people peacefully blockaded lignite mining a couple days ago . 
  and the police of dresden still thinks they did n't make any mistakes on friday , the first night of the clashes , when there were totally understaffed . 
  do n't they have ways to know about potential riots beforehand ? 
  openly violent neo-nazis are stupid enough to brag about their crimes to everyone who looks like a sympathizer . 
  should n't be that hard to get some intelligence on them . 
  and of course the interior ministry of saxony continues to pretend that neo-nazis are n't a problem in saxony . 
  like they did the last decade . 
  just isolated cases , nothing to worry . 
  saxony is open-minded and not infested with nazis . 
  and the federal and state governments make the matter worse because there is no advance planning in the refugee situation . 
  `` good day mister mayor , it 's the migration minister from dresden . 
  we want to inform you that the closed hardware store in your town will be a makeshift asylum center . 
  starting two days from now , we 'll send you 600 refugees . '', 
  according to my newspaper that 's literally how it happened . 
  and do n't get me started about the local population . 
  if that makeshift asylum center would burn , i am pretty sure plenty people would applaud . 
  meanwhile , politicians visit these asylum centers , make a couple of pr photos with refugees . 
  then they condemn these neo-nazis . 
  and that 's it . 
  they can apply for citizenship after 6 years , if they are able to support their family from their household income , were not convicted of serious crimes , and pass a language and integration test . 
  sounds like a good deal for germany . 
  please stay home . 
  i prefer to be occupied by the us . 
  as concerned citizens do, 
  they 'll find a way to blame the west for it . 
  welcome to reddit , new user , who is not here to push an agenda . 
  we secretly hope that uk and central/eastern europe start to implement the `` obvious and easy solution that solves the refugee crisis once and for all '' . 
  peace enforcing in syria , asylum centers in libya or the australian solution or whatever pipe-dream is currently the best solution . 
  it 's a bit unfair to criticize countries for enforcing un resolutions . 
  so germany requests the repatriation to the country of entry , then the asylum seekers objects , and a court decides . 
  to which countries do we actually conduct dublin deportations ? 
  to my knowledge courts have stopped deportations to greece , italy and hungary years ago . 
  throwing more money wo n't help . 
  in my social circle the problem is not money , it 's the loss of freedom . 
  children are seen as a hassle . 
  and if we want more kids we have to change that perception . 
  my suggested approach would be to distribute them fairly across the eu . 
  the greek tourist industry will take a huge hit , if you throw hundred-thousands of refugees at them . 
  that would be a very stupid move . 
  then i guess you 'll appreciate that [ racist anti-refugee protesters attack police forces in heidenau ( recorded by themselves ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3i6nv4/racist_antirefugee_protesters_attack_police/ ) was delisted . 
  in this thread the right wing idiots did n't have the upper hand . 
  so your right wing moderator might already be here . 
  what do you know about the needs of the german population ? 
  you may not like it , but a majority of germans wants to accept refugees . 
  so please speak for yourself , and not for germans . 
  nobody from the general population would say it . 
  no matter how strongly you dislike the current refugee policies , that term is not used by the general population . 
  every german knows that this is a neo-nazi slogan . 
  it 's better with actors . 
  these slogans are only used by neo-nazis . 
  nobody from the general population would chant `` nationaler widerstand '' , `` frei sozial und national '' , or `` ausl\u00e4nder raus '' . 
  you can be anti-immigrant as long as you want . 
  go to meetings of the city council and raise your concerns . 
  go to the consultation hours of the politicians that represent you in the state or federal parliament . 
  call or write a letter to your representative and raise your concern . 
  vote for different parties . 
  vote for npd if you insist . 
  you can all do that . 
  if you start to throw stones at refugees , or if you try to burn down asylum centers you are no longer a concerned citizen . 
  you are now a criminal . 
  a criminal that is despised by the majority of people in germany , even by the majority in saxony . 
  it does n't matter what we think about the current situation , its feasibility and the long term effects . 
  these are neo-nazis . 
  and we do n't want them in germany . 
  holy fucking shit . 
  these are literally neo-nazis . 
  please announce the s\u00e4xit an hour in advance . 
  i need 30 minutes to thuringia . 
  i live in fucking germany and neither in south africa nor in the us . 
   if we have a common space with freedom of movement , then it would make the most sense to set-up processing centres at the eu/schengen external borders from the perspective of countries that do n't have external borders it makes sense . 
  for greece and italy it would be a massive hassle . 
  if you throw every single asylum seeker at them , processing speed would be so slow that people stay in these centers for years . 
  and nobody wants to have these centers in the first place . 
  there is n't that much space in greece that is not used for tourism . 
  and refugee centers with hundred-thousand people are not good for tourism . 
  rural east germany would be better suited for such a camp . 
  but the whole process should be distributed . 
  if you request asylum in the eu , a computer randomly picks your host country , then you 'll be brought there and your application is processed . 
  after that time you 'll receive asylum in that country . 
  since the process is random the share of people who need protection should be distributed relatively fair . 
  yes , this is a bit of a logistic effort , but it should n't be that big of a problem . 
  we have enough trains and busses to distribute people . 
  sooner than later refugees figure out that it 's pointless to go to germany if the host country is elected randomly . 
  so they will request asylum in the first eu countries anyway . 
  but we all know that this wo n't happen because certain eu countries think that eu problems are n't their problems . 
  you 're welcome . 
  they do n't have a welfare state . 
  they need these children because it 's the only way to not starve when you are old and ca n't work anymore . 
  these children have to support the elderly with the money they earn .
