  in a justified case of emergency , this obligation may be waived ;  - - ( ii ) it shall have been issued within the previous 10 years ;  - ( b ) they are in possession of a valid visa , if required pursuant to council regulation ( ec ) no 539/2001 ( 25 ) , except where they hold a valid residence permit or a valid long-stay visa ;  - ( c ) they justify the purpose and conditions of the intended stay , and they have sufficient means of subsistence , both for the duration of the intended stay and for the return to their country of origin or transit to a third country into which they are certain to be admitted , or are in a position to acquire such means lawfully ;  - ( d ) they are not persons for whom an alert has been issued in the sis for the purposes of refusing entry ;  - ( e ) they are not considered to be a threat to public policy , internal security , public health or the international relations of any of the member states , in particular where no alert has been issued in member states ' national data bases for the purposes of refusing entry on the same grounds . 
  as you can see there are 5 requirements for entering a country as a third-country national . 
  one of them is having a visa or a residence permit . 
  you still have to fulfil the other 4 requirements . 
  asylum seekers will fail at point c . they ca n't justify their trip . 
  yes , there 's an exeption for people who hold residence permits and do n't fulfil all conditions . 
  but that 's not relevant in that case , because the except only allows transit to their country of residence . 
  by way of derogation from paragraph 1 :   - ( a ) third-country nationals who do not fulfil all the conditions laid down in paragraph 1 but who hold a residence permit or a long-stay visa shall be authorised to enter the territory of the other member states for transit purposes so that they may reach the territory of the member state which issued the residence permit or the long-stay visa , unless their names are on the national list of alerts of the member state whose external borders they are seeking to cross and the alert is accompanied by instructions to refuse entry or transit ;, 
   why not get people who assimilate ? 
  because it 's bullshit . 
  germany does n't want asylum seekers . 
  that 's a laughable idea . 
  as you said , we could just issue work visa to people with actual skills . 
  we could also recruit tons of eu citizens with a fraction of the money . 
  if we pay them travel expenses , a language course and rent for three months it would still be much cheaper than paying for an asylum seeker until they find a job . 
  are you confusing germany and sweden with the three somalis that brought the case to the echr ? 
  or am i missing something ? 
  in the past gaddafi stopped them from entering libya . 
  says the serb . 
  basically every single asylum seeker that used the western balkan route went through serbia . 
  not afraid to be called racis . 
  that 's why they let everyone enter their country via a land border . 
  here people complain about thieves and burglars `` visiting '' from poland . 
  so i 'm sure plenty of people from both sides would agree on the fence . 
  that would miss the point . 
  the point of the australian solution is that the asylum seekers do n't reach australian soil , so they do n't fall under the australian jurisdiction and ca n't request asylum in australia . 
  putting asylum seekers on a greek island means they are covered by greek and therefor eu jurisdiction . 
  they can request asylum in greece , and the echr would tell greece how asylum seekers have to be treated . 
  greek also has ratified the un refugee convention and according to the convention accepted refugees have the right to settle wherever they want inside the host country . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/aa/leopard_2_a6m.jpg the big grating exhausts the engine compartment . 
  the two small circular gratings underneath the big one are the exhausts of the actual engine . 
  well , i agree . 
  we should give it back . 
  but not to the greek government , we should invest it in greek businesses . 
  -- tongue in cheek : if we give it back to the greek government they 'll use it in part to pay back loans , including interest , we gave them . 
  so we 'll end up in an eternal `` germany profiteers from greek debt '' cycle . 
  if only everyone could have effective corporate taxes for multinationals in the 0.005 % to 5 % range . 
  -- for the irish : with emphasis on effective , so if you want to tell me about the nominal tax rate , please do n't forget to tell me about all the exemptions that leads to the situation that you only pay the nominal tax rate on a fraction of your actual profits . 
  you are such a tough guy . 
  you are moving the goal post . 
  you said that the convention was `` not designed for such a massive flow as we are experiencing now . '', 
  and that 's not correct . 
  it simply does n't matter if the asylum seekers are economic migrants or refugee . 
  the un refugee convention does n't stop you from deporting rejected asylum seekers . 
  and when you manage to effectively deport people who do n't qualify , people who do n't qualify will stop to apply . 
  they wo n't pay 1000 $ to a smuggler just to be deported 14 days later . 
  and all that without changing the convention . 
  the realities of performing deportations are another topic . 
  and that 's where work has to be done . 
  not changing the convention which works totally ~ ~ fine ~ ~ as intended . 
  italy was fined because they returned them without processing their asylum application . 
  totally different case from processing asylum applications and then deporting people if they are rejected . 
  australia cooperates with indonesia and papua new guinea . 
  indonesia allows them to return boats . 
  and they can return them because indonesia is not a shithole like libya . 
  and in cases where indonesia does n't allow the return , australia takes the asylum seekers to papua new guinea . 
  here in europe we neither have indonesia nor papua new guinea . 
  and italy stopped returning asylum seekers to libya since the echr forced them to pay a compensation to the asylum seekers they returned . 
  they become legal migrants in italy . 
  italian residence permits are limited to italy . 
  they do n't allow them to move to germany . 
  and as i 've said they do n't even grant travel rights in other countries . 
  but let 's ignore that for a moment . 
  let 's say austria and then germany let them enter . 
  as italian residents they do n't have the right to work in germany . 
  they also can only stay for 90 days , and they wo n't receive welfare during that time . 
  so what 's the end game of italy here ? 
  it surely is that they request asylum in germany . 
  and then the german authorities will realise that they are italian residents . 
  and they will be returned to italy . 
  if it would be that clear the italian prosecutor that accused ngos of cooperating with smugglers would have charged the ngos already . 
  --  an italian prosecutor who has alleged nongovernmental rescue ships in the mediterranean are colluding with migrant traffickers was forced thursday to admit he had no evidence to prove his claims . 
    http://www.thedailybeast.com/italian-prosecutor-i-cant-prove-migrant-rescuers-are-colluding-with-traffickers, 
   the current asylum legislation is simply not build for quick deportations . 
  which specific parts prevent quick deportations ? 
  as far as i know there 's no law that mandates that you have to continue to host rejected asylum seekers . 
  you can deport them the moment their repeal is rejected . 
  you obviously have to give them time to appeal , but that time is measured in days , not in months . 
  that asylum cases take months to decide is also not the fault of the legislation . 
  it 's our self imposed bureaucracy that prevents quick decisions . 
  in germany asylum requests filed at airports have to be decided within 2 days . 
  asylum seekers can then appeal within 3 days , and within 14 days a court will check the appeal . 
  during that time the asylum seeker ca n't leave the airport . 
  that 's less than three weeks until the final rejection . 
  the moment the court has rejected the appeal you can put the asylum seeker in a plane . 
  it 's the realities when dealing with other countries that make deportations difficult and often impossible . 
  not the legislation . 
   it 's no solution to just move the migrants , who ( given their country of origin ) have little chance to be granted asylum , to other eu countries the eu relocation scheme is limited to people who have actually received refugee status . 
  this time it 'll work . 
  not like last time where they were ordered to pay 15,000 $ compensation to the people they deported to libya . 
  and as we 've seen in the first 9 months of 2015 even v4 stronk countries struggle with securing their borders . 
  more than 400,000 people registered as asylum seekers in hungary during that time . 
  then merkel invited everyone . 
  hungary brought all of them to the austrian border . 
  hungary built a fence , never mentioned their asylum seekers again , and suddenly hungary became the saviour of europe . 
  a person that has the intent to ask for asylum is an asylum seeker . 
  period . 
  no matter if he actually qualifies for refugee status or not . 
  though i 'm not sure how this is relevant for the current discussion . 
  legally they are rescuing shipwrecked people .
