  and then we use our military to get rid of unwanted asylum seekers . 
  putin would just love it if the eu too starts to force its will on weaker countries . 
    and we do not generally detain people for their political opinions . 
    depends on the country which country detains people for their opinions ? 
  north korea ? 
  and do n't tell me germany does it with nazism . 
  because it does n't . 
  you can have every opinion you want . 
  being a nazi is not illegal . 
   why is it harsh ? 
  he has entered several countries illegally . 
  the moment a person request asylum they can no longer be treated as an illegal immigrant . 
  that would invalidate the whole un refugee convention . 
  he might be an illegal immigrant in all countries where he did n't request asylum , but at least in germany he 's a rejected asylum seeker , not an illegal immigrant . 
   in some countries where the leader has some balls you get a headshot for entering illegally . 
  which countries would that be ? 
  not even north korea shoots illegal immigrants . 
  that would be a violation of the un refugee convention . 
  let me explain you a bit about its history . 
  the purpose of the un refugee convention is to get people who flee persecution in their home countries into countries that can protect them , so they are n't persecuted or even killed . 
  it was created in 1951 , when they created it the un had the holocaust and the expulsions during and shortly after the second world war in mind . 
  they also remembered the stories where countries told jews that they ca n't come . 
  switzerland infamously rejected jews that tried to leave germany at their border , being law abiding swiss they returned the illegal immigrants to the german police . 
  maybe the swiss just did n't want them , but maybe they did n't have the correct papers , or maybe they did n't have papers at all because the german police took them away . 
  the un has said that this must not happen again . 
  everyone except a few countries agreed , and the un refugee convention was born . 
  and that 's why asylum seekers do n't need valid papers . 
  every single person has the right to ask for asylum . 
  you do n't have to fulfil any requirements . 
  all that is necessary for a person to request asylum in a country is that they have to physically be in that country . 
  that obviously does n't mean that everyone who asks for it has a right to asylum , they just have the right to request it . 
  which then will start the asylum process , during which authorities figure out who qualifies for protection and who does n't . 
  those that do n't qualify can be returned to their home countries . 
  unfortunately that 's not that easy in reality , because shit-tier countries like nigeria , tunisia and morocco do n't want their citizens back . 
  that 's why they make it very hard for our authorities . 
  australia cooperates with indonesia to turn boats back . 
  libya does n't want to do this . 
  if they ca n't return a boat to indonesia they bring the asylum seekers to refugee camps in papua new guinea . 
  there is no country in the vicinity of the eu that wants to host a eu refugee camp . 
  but nice try . 
   the us is n't a model to follow . 
  europe follows that model already . 
  because the us also allows everyone who sets foot on us soil to request asylum . 
  and they will then follow their obligation from that age old refugee convention ( that was created with the holocaust in mind , to prevent that countries can reject people who ask for protection ) to check if the applicant needs protection . 
  and if that 's the case they will issue asylum , in the us that happened 26,124 times in 2015 . 
  if the us would geographically be were europe is they would face the same problems . 
  it 's their geographic position that keeps the asylum seekers out , nothing more . 
  because to reach the us from nigeria you basically have to travel with a commercial airline . 
  and they do n't let you aboard if you do n't have a us visa . 
  and if they let you aboard , the airline is obligated to return you if your asylum request is rejected . 
  europe does n't have that luxury . 
  asylum seekers do n't enter via plane . 
  and no , trump did not abolish the asylum system . 
  as far as i know he did n't even touch it , because that would mean to abolish the un refugee convention . 
  this is about asylum , the right of someone to request protection when they are on your soil . 
  that 's not the same thing as being a refugee who requests protection from outside your country . 
  europe deals a 100 % with asylum cases . 
  unlike the us we do n't have a permanent scheme that allows people to request protection from outside of the country . 
  we resettled a couple ten thousand people from unhcr camps , but these efforts were limited in scope and time . 
  then maybe we should talk about eliminating the pull factors without relying on these strongmen rhetorics about applying existing rules that do n't actually exist . 
  that rhetoric about `` do n't take them in '' just shows that people have literally no idea about how that whole refugee system works . 
  you do n't `` take them in '' , they come to your country and request asylum . 
  and because we ratified the un refugee convention we are now obligated to handle their asylum application , which by itself comes with certain rules . 
  but since we are part of the dublin regulations we could ask for example italy to take responsibility for them , and then italy has to handle their asylum application . 
  the asylum seekers still wo n't go away if you shout `` no right to request asylum !, 
  italy is not first safe country for nigeria ! '' . 
  because that 's actually not true . 
  ask the us , in 2015 they have granted asylum to 26,000 people . 
  rank by country of citizenship : china , el salvador , guatemala , egypt , honduras , syria , ethiopia , mexico , iraq , iran . 
  [ source , dhs.gov , pdf , page 6 ] ( https://www.dhs.gov/sites/default/files/publications/refugees_asylees_2015.pdf ) why do n't they `` not take them in '' ? 
  why did n't they apply the `` first safe country '' rule ? 
  because things work a bit different outside of reddit . 
  so how to eliminate pull factors ? 
  when being a rejected asylum seeker means that you will live in a human-rights compatible `` refugee '' camp in rural brandenburg , people who have obviously no right to asylum will stop coming . 
  and those that come and are rejected , will be incentivised to leave . 
  but that requires a lot more nuance than this sub is capable of . 
  so let 's return to `` do n't take them in !!! '', 
  it get 's even better . 
  trump is not the fastest twitter user and he has n't figured out that one weird trick about composing your tweets in notes and then copy and pasting them into the twitter interface . 
  so he wrote this tweet :  after consultation with my generals and military experts , please be advised that the united states government will not accept or allow ... . then it took 9 minutes until his next tweet . 
  9 long minutes where people did n't know what he 'll tweet next . 
  could have been that one : '' ... that north korea is in possession of nuclear weapons that can reach the us . 
  i just ordered a strike on north korea '' following us politics has never been more exciting . 
  because religion is that one trait that almost all of these random attacks with intent to kill have in common . 
  though it might be hard to see in such threads , but there 's a difference between blaming muslims and acknowledging that the world has a problem with terrorism perpetrated by muslims . 
  being muslim does n't make you a terrorist . 
  but statistically speaking , being a terrorist in this decade most likely means that you are a muslim . 
  one ca n't separate the religion from these attacks . 
  these perpetrators are inspired by religion . 
  unlike the robber they do n't do it out of greed , they do it because they believe their religion wants them to kill people . 
  they want to be devout , that 's why they kill . 
  lmao how does anything work . 
  it 's not a federal court , it 's the administrative court of stuttgart they have n't actually said that they must ban diesel engines . 
  they have said that stuttgart has to get the emission level to an acceptable level as fast as possible . 
  and that they ca n't avoid banning diesel cars , because their other plans ( speed limits , city toll , license plate based bans ( like paris ) ) are n't sufficient to reduce emissions . 
  especially the retrofit of emission filters has been ruled as insufficient . 
  this was the preferred plan of the state government . 
   greece was about to implode under the wave . 
  do n't forget hungary . 
  they registered 400,000 asylum seekers in 2015 before they finished their fence .
