  we are talking about close to , if not more than a million people per year . 
  and more than half of the people that request asylum in the eu have a right to protection , either as refugees or with subsidiary protection . 
  so greece should host half a million refugees , and throw another half million into prison ? 
  that 's not going to work . 
   and to let them drown is wrong because ? 
  human rights bullshit . 
  and international maritime laws . 
  the contingents are for a deal where turkey takes back every single asylum seeker that enters the eu illegally via turkey . 
  so instead of getting asylum seekers in a chaotic fashion we would receive our share in an orderly , predictable fashion . 
  good luck controlling a sea border . 
  because without a way to send people back , you have to let people drown . 
  the whole idea of working with turkey is that the eu gets a way to send people back . 
  according to [ welt.de ] ( http://www.welt.de/print/die_welt/article149425717/eu-will-der-tuerkei-fluechtlinge-abnehmen.html ) germany , belgium , luxembourg , netherlands , austria , sweden , finland and greece participated in the summit . 
  would also help to slow down the economy further . 
   the most concrete info i have is from our pm interview right before the meeting , when he said that it would be up to the commission to determin how much each country is going to pay . 
  very concrete indeed . 
  because we all know that the commission hates eastern europe . 
  even the commission members from eastern europe hate eastern europe . 
  poor eastern europe . 
  always has to foot the bills in the eu . 
   you know why ? 
  yes . 
  because the european criminal databases are not connected to the asylum seeker database . 
  if they would have that connection , greece would have noticed him . 
  after all he did n't sneak in . 
  he announced himself by registering as an asylum seeker . 
  in two countries . 
  the `` religion '' is the architecture of the gothic , and the figure gave the continent its name , europa . 
  you call it fairy tales , we call it history and cultural heritage . 
  so many links , unfortunately the article forgot to link to people who actually argue that women should be spared jail . 
  or who actually argues that revenge porn laws should not be usable against women . 
  but maybe the answer in both cases is really * nobody worth mentioning * . 
  the fun thing is , petry , who is part of the more right leaning group , now fears that the party will be overtaken by an even more right leaning group , lead by h\u00f6cke . 
   meh , they 'll just be unable to introduce meaningful controls to eea migration . 
  so they ca n't implement the referendum . 
  not schengen , they want to limit migration , which requires them to remove freedom of movement for workers of eea countries . 
  and they have to negotiate that with the eu , because if they remove it unilaterally all the single market treaties switzerland has with the eea become void . 
  but they obviously want to keep freedom of movement for goods and services . 
  unfortunately for them , eu basically says : no . 
  their totally awesome direct democracy has brought switzerland into a really shitty situation . 
  it gets even better if you look at the results of the referendum . 
  yes : 50.33 % , no : 49.67 % my guess is that there will be another referendum . 
  [ ] leave single market , or [ ] ignore migration referendum, 
   saudi funded wahhabism is the biggest ideological scourge on the planet at the moment and it seems nobody even tries to tackle that problem . 
  so it 's about the debt . 
  because greece just can not afford no austerity . 
  how would that `` push for grow '' look ? 
  if turkey would run the greek air force , these violations would stop pretty quickly . 
  so what do you suggest ? 
  the rest of the eurozone pays greek debt without conditions ? 
  saving greece how ? 
  paying their debt ? 
  that 's because building furniture is a great excuse to meet friends and drink beer . 
  the company just helps us to convince our partners that it 's too dangerous to assemble alone . 
  subheadline of the article :  laurent fabius says use of government troops will only be an option if and when a unity government without assad is in place, 
  they host a couple eu institutions . 
  yep . 
  culture should be for rich people only . 
  we working-class people are okay with beer and die geissens . 
  october 5 2015 . 
  i was a bit scared that this was an escalation that happened today . 
   leave those european treaties that restrict our ability to enforce our borders so you want to leave the council of europe because you do n't like the human rights regulations ? 
  an organization where even moldova , azerbaijan , turkey , russia and ukraine are part of ? 
  does n't matter . 
  you do n't have to be from a country in war to qualify for asylum . 
  on the other hand , being from a country in war does not automatically qualify you for asylum . 
  if you follow the letter of the law , asylum is for people who are persecuted because of their race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion . 
  that 's basically why the un criticizes that some of the balkan countries only let through some nationalities . 
  because even people from a safe country might qualify for asylum . 
  that 's why the un refugee convention requires that you check every single case . 
  but asylum is not the only protection you can get . 
  in the eu we also have the so called `` subsidiary protection '' , which should protect people who would be at risk of serious harm if they return to their home country . 
  they can stay in the eu too , but they do n't get as many rights as accepted refugees . 
  hitchhiking, 
  mistranslation most likely . 
  it sounds a lot like badly broken english ( or german for that matter ) which lacks basically everything except verbs and nouns . 
  some part of europe will be pissed . 
  if we would house them the same way jordan does , we could easily take 10 million people every year . 
  brandenburg has enough space for refugee camps . 
  because these camps are literally fenced off areas with tents as far as you can see , and a couple sanitary facilities in between . 
  but that 's not what we do . 
  we want to house them in actual apartments , and we want to integrate them . 
  which is expensive . 
  do you seriously suggest we should hand over money to refugees in turkey and lebanon ? 
  so every single person in that area goes to turkey and lebanon so they get paid by germany ? 
  so 16 $ for 3 meals a day in a publicly tendered contract . 
  that 's very different from 20 $ per meal in a rip-off contract that was forced upon the center . 
  and apparently the centers are not even able to provide means to warm the food . 
  so `` the shelter is ** not allowed ** to cook their own food '' is not true as well . 
  we all know that . 
  but they are here . 
  and they wo n't go away if we ask them politely . 
  we ca n't deport them back to turkey , because under eu asylum rules turkey is not a safe third country . 
  and probably more important , turkey wo n't take them back . 
  and please do n't suggest `` do n't let them in '' . 
   one shelter in munich pays 20 $ per meal for a refugee , because there is only one contractor the city ( i guess , maybe it 's bavaria ) pays to cater to the refugees . 
  that food is shit , you would n't pay 3 $ in a cantina or mensa for it if you had the choice . 
  and the worst about it is , the shelter is not allowed to cook their own food ( which would be cheaper and better ) . 
  source on that ? 
  otherwise i call bullshit .
