  define operate . 
  my website operates in saudi arabia ( i.e. 
  it can be opened from there ) . 
  do i have to abide by its laws ? 
   i do n't get the 12 months abstinence , but the 4 month stable relationship make sense to me . 
  as far as i know they combine the blood of multiple donors to one sample that is then tested . 
  which leads to a further dilution of antibodies . 
  so these tests might be able to find enough antibodies after 3 months , if you test a single sample . 
  but if you combine , lets say 10 samples , you only have 1/10 of the number of antibodies . 
  and the same test would not be able to detect an infection . 
  hundreds of people have died after they 've been sprayed with pepper spray . 
  though pepper spray is not the right choice if you actually want to kill one . 
  dangerous dogs can be found anywhere in germany . 
  not at all . 
  merkel talked about the law . 
  which does n't know a limit . 
  sch\u00e4uble talks about practical limits . 
  which obviously exist . 
  we ca n't host 10 trillion people , even if the law requires us to do so . 
  cs gas are legal against humans , and are covered by the weapons law . 
  ownership is possible for people who are 14 and older . 
  pepper spray can not be used against humans , because it does n't have the necessary tests . 
  these tests require testing on animals , which is illegal in the eu . 
  but you can use pepper spray against animals . 
  spray weapons that are used against animals are not covered by weapons law . 
  so everyone can buy and carry ( exceptions apply , e.g. 
  no spray weapons during assemblies ) a spray that was produced and is sold as a defense against animals . 
  the so called tierabwehrspray . 
  and of course , in a real self-defence situation , anything goes . 
  if you only have a pepper spray that you bought to defend against dangerous dogs , go for it . 
  that 's covered by the self-defence laws . 
  in germany ? 
  you go to amazon and order one . 
  in germany pepper spray did not undergo the necessary tests to be assumed safe for humans , so it can only be used against animals . 
  in a real self-defence situation , you are allowed to use any means necessary to stop the attack . 
  so if you are violently attacked , you can use the pepper spray that you have bought to defend against dangerous dogs as well . 
  oh , i must have missed that this thread is for dank anti-british memes . 
  i thought it would be for serious discussion . 
  my mistake . 
  we already have two-speed europe . 
  eu and efta . 
  but cameron 's two-speed europe looks different . 
  europe and uk . 
  and the latter can have an opt-out for every single policy that the former agree upon . 
   in medicine , the window period for a test designed to detect a specific disease ( particularly infectious disease ) is the time between first infection and when the test can reliably detect that infection . 
  in antibody-based testing , the window period is dependent on the time taken for seroconversion . 
    the window period is important to epidemiology and safe sex strategies , and in blood and organ donation , because during this time , an infected person or animal can not be detected as infected but may still be able to infect others . 
  for this reason , the most effective disease-prevention strategies combine testing with a waiting period longer than the test 's window period . 
     examples   - hiv : the window period for hiv may be up to three months , depending on the test method and other factors . 
  modern and accurate testing abilities can cut this period to 25 days , 16 days , or even as low as 12 days , again , depending on the type of test and the quality of its administration and interpretation ( see the wikipedia article on its window period for further information ) . 
    - hepatitis b : during the window period ( or equivalence zone ) of hepatitis b , both serological markers hbsag ( hepatitis b surface antigen ) and anti-hbs ( antibody against hbsag ) are negative ( which is because , although anti-hbs are present , they are actively bound to the hbsag ) . 
  other serological markers , igm ( antibody ) against hbc can be positive at this point . 
   then the self-report is `` wurscht '' until you actually are infected with hiv , and they figure out that it was your blood donation that contained the virus . 
  which they very likely will . 
  at that point lying in that questionnaire makes the difference between no consequences and a criminal investigation . 
   why should the eu help at all ? 
  because its their job . 
  the eu ist the only authority that can set tariffs for imports to a eu country . 
  if chinese steel producers export their steel below production cost , there should be punitive tariffs . 
  easy as that . 
  yes , we get it . 
  the referendum is a real thing . 
  no need to warn us every fucking week . 
  you do n't need english in le towers de ivory [ sic ] . 
  i 'm just sick of this whole refugee debacle . 
  federal government does n't even know what their current stance is . 
  is it `` refugees welcome '' , `` some refugees welcome '' or do we adhere to the german constitution ? 
  and of course they do n't know how to manage the current situation . 
  but well ... they do n't need to . 
  because municipalities manage the crisis . 
  federal government just lets everyone in . 
  they do n't even know how many refugees are currently in germany . 
  meanwhile municipalities have to take loans to be able to host asylum seekers . 
  and of course they only get these loans if the housing that will be created is refugee exclusive for 5 years . 
  and municipalities risk that the federal government changes their mind about asylum and in a couple of years we have plenty of refugee housing and no refugees . 
  but of course the federal government ca n't pay the actual costs of hosting refugees . 
  that would risk the balanced budget . 
  and the rest of the eu is still sleeping . 
  most countries continue to pretend that it 's not their problem . 
  * we are too poor . 
  and we have a fence . 
  we can build a fence . 
  and we will totally build a fence if necessary . 
  we are angry that we are n't allowed to join schengen . 
  and we need a fence right now , because germany might decides that \\ #refugeeswelcome is a thing of the past . 
  * working together as a union ? 
  no way . 
  let 's continue to play hot potato , if we bring the refugees to another country quick enough they are no longer our problem . 
  and everyone hopes that the refugee influx will stop someday . 
  or that they will at least use another route or go to another country . 
  remember when the greek euro crisis was on its peak ? 
  when merkel and all the other leaders had almost daily meetings to find a solution or at least a compromise ? 
  remember when tsipras and merkel wanted to leave and donald tusk said `` sorry , but there is no way you are leaving this room . '' ? 
  that 's what we need right now . 
  we need the eu . 
  we need a eu plan . 
  what should be our refugee policy and how do we want to enforce that . 
  that 's what we have to figure out . 
  but nope . 
  in germany we want to create transit zones that are n't transit zones but work like transit zones .
