  but that was not the case in croatia . 
   now southern eu countries should sue angela merkel for unilaterally suspending the dublin agreement . 
  great idea . 
  then the court rules that they are indeed correct . 
  and then every single asylum seeker and refugee in germany will be returned to these southern eu countries . 
  because according to the dublin regulations these countries would be responsible for handling asylum cases . 
  btw , germany never suspended the dublin regulation . 
  the dublin regulation contains an article that allows countries to voluntarily take responsibility for an asylum applicant . 
  that 's what germany did when they declared in non-legal terms that the dublin regulations wo n't be applied to syrians currently in europe . 
  --  [ regulation ( eu ) no 604/2013 ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/all/?uri=celex:32013r0604 )   article 17 - discretionary clauses   1 . 
  by way of derogation from article 3 ( 1 ) , each member state may decide to examine an application for international protection lodged with it by a third-country national or a stateless person , even if such examination is not its responsibility under the criteria laid down in this regulation . 
    the member state which decides to examine an application for international protection pursuant to this paragraph shall become the member state responsible and shall assume the obligations associated with that responsibility . 
  [dw.com ] ( http://dw.com ) is . 
  great source for english language articles about things happening in germany . 
  quick , without google . 
  what 's the meaning of 84 , 28 , 74 , 828 , 1919 and 311 ? 
  according to focus.de they are banned on austrian number plates because they show nazi ideology . 
   it 's hard to grasp the amount of money wasted without comparison . 
  the gdp of cyprus is a shitty comparison . 
  gdp is already very hard to understand . 
  yet alone the gdp of cyprus . 
  that 's why i mentioned tuvalu . 
  we have tons of things that cost more than the gdp of tuvalu . 
  does n't show you anything . 
   obviously production costs do n't scale proportionally at all . 
  they do if you want to have regional broadcasters . 
  if you go by the ratings they are popular in germany . 
  if you combine the third programs you would find them in the top 3 of tv ratings quite often . 
  i think you are right . 
  i looked up the definition of state media again , looks like direct editorial control is a necessary feature of state media . 
  i wonder where you people are meeting those guys . 
  over the last 15 years i spend many many months in the us , i met hundreds of people who at one point realised that i 'm german . 
  not once was i greeted with the nazi salute , not once was i asked if i voted for hitler in the last election . 
  it was always `` awesome , my great-great-grandmother was from germany '' , `` cool , my dad was stationed in heidelberg '' , `` i always wanted to visit '' , `` oktoberfest !!! '', 
  or something else positive . 
  heck , even the `` i 'm jewish . 
  my family was killed in auschwitz '' guy followed with `` great to see how today 's germany is so different '', 
  apparently shitting swastikas and nazi salutes during sex . 
   much of this video implied that the people who fear mass migration does it because of race . 
  it was a aryan reservation , not a afd voter reservation . 
  i did n't see any people who fear mass migration in that video . 
  and he 's released in sector 18 . 
  we have deutsche welle , which is entirely tax financed . 
  that 's state media , though it 's not a government mouthpiece either . 
  only the intendant of dw decides about the content . 
  there are no consultations with the government about the actual content that is broadcasted . 
   cyprus gpd is only like twice that amount . 
  we basicly fund a small nation to make our news ? 
  can we please leave out these stupid comparisons ? 
  or at least take it to the extreme . 
  tuvalu has a nominal gdp of around 32 million us-dollar . 
  we pay 250 tuvalus for lindenstrasse !, 
  they are public broadcasters . 
  state media would be financed by taxes . 
  that 's actually a big difference . 
  because in the case of the german broadcasters the government neither sets nor collects or pays out the fees . 
  which means the government ca n't threaten to lower , not collect or not pay out the fees . 
  which gives ard/zdf a lot more freedom than tax financed media . 
   i 'm a german , i 'm not emasculated and i 'm not speaking out against this . 
  because you are a dirty foreigner . 
  for someone who is n't involved in the ideology you know the buzzwords very well . 
   the ship got detained in famagusta , occupied cyprus , but is expected to leave soon ( as of 2 hours ago ) : so they found new crew to replace the crew from sri lanka that requested asylum in northern cyprus ? 
   and there is some sort of bots/apps that auto deletes your history btw . 
  please do n't do that . 
  keep making new accounts instead . 
  there 's nothing more annoying than looking at an old ( and i 've seen cases where old means less than 48 hours old ) thread and sitting in front of a wall of `` this comment was removed by my fancy privacy protection script '' . 
  especially if the comments are highly upvoted . 
  considering they ~ ~ are ~ ~ ( were , the article is 5 days old ) moored south of sues my bet would be on the egyptian coast guard . 
   what government ? 
  in your case the uk government . 
  ask them why the royal navy takes rescued asylum seekers to italy . 
  what type of business are you running ? 
   they should be grateful that they were even able to apply for asylum in germany at all as a country that ratified the un refugee convention , germany is obligated to allow them to apply for asylum . 
   seeing as it 's not neighboring the country that they 've fled from that is irrelevant for the right to asylum . 
  nothing in the refugee convention says that you are only allowed to request asylum in neighbouring countries . 
   and that most claimants are economic migrants who have no case whatsoever . 
  to figure out if that 's the case is actually the whole point of the asylum process . 
   if they tried such a thing in china , russia , south korea , they would simply have been thrown out without the chance to apply for asylum . 
  wrong . 
  they might have been thrown out after their application were checked , but not before . 
  since all three countries are part of the refugee convention they all have the right to asylum , and they all actually host refugees as well . 
   hell , china wo n't even accept asylum seekers from neighboring north korea for christs sake . 
  they have something like 50,000 north korean refugees in china . 
  yes , they repatriate many . 
  they do that because they want to be on good terms with north korea . 
   but clearly we have gone too far in the other direction by allowing anyone and everyone who can illegally enter the country to apply for asylum . 
  you can only request asylum if you are physically present in the country . 
  if you could n't request asylum if you entered the country without permit we could just get rid of the refugee system altogether . 
   it wo n't be long before countries just stop processing asylum applications from illegal entrants and enforce a neighboring-country-only policy . 
  has n't happened yet , wo n't happen anytime soon . 
  even refugee-hating hungary processes asylum applications , including the right to appeal . 
  no country wants to be the first country that leaves the un refugee convention . 
  countries actually understand why that convention exists and why it 's important . 
   1 - they were allowed to '' come by their own means '' . 
  nothing was preventing us from shutting the borders and using force to prevent them entering . 
  the un refugee convention basically prevents us from doing that . 
  everyone has the right to ask for asylum in all countries that ratified the un refugee convention . 
  you can request asylum the moment you are denied entry . 
  not even hungary did get rid of that right , they will detain you , and they will send you back to serbia after they 've figured out that you entered via serbia . 
  but they will `` accept '' you , they will process your asylum application and they will also grant the right to appeal .
