  this law includes non-eu schengen members . 
  if you have 22 minutes and 28 seconds , please watch the latest last week tonight about ivanka trump and jared kushner . 
  it explains the `` seem to indicate '' thing very well . 
  the family lawyer said `` if you do n't get paid it 's not nepotism '' . 
  so she does n't get paid . 
  as a president he has not left the us . 
  it 's understandable , very few countries have trump golf courses near the capital . 
  that 's one of the things they can no longer do after brexit is finalized . 
  no matter how hard or soft that brexit will be , the uk will definitely not stay in the eu customs union . 
  when post-brexit uk exports chinese goods to the eu , they will be treated as chinese goods . 
  wo n't stop the chinese though . 
  they just move the base of their scheme to another country . 
   she fulfills a lot of the roles that traditionally are held by the first lady . 
  it makes a lot of sense . 
  after all he said that the thing they have in common is sex . 
  when two entities meet in front of a non-criminal court it is because both believe that `` under xy law '' they are right . 
  otherwise a court date would just be a waste of money . 
  just because someone prefaces their opinion with `` under international law '' does n't make it correct . 
  ivanka trump is serving as an assistant to the president . 
  this time for real . 
  not like last time when immigration was the serious issue that will definitely make switzerland cancel the agreements it has with the eu . 
  protip : do n't become part of the trump administration if you do n't want to be associated with the trump administration . 
  - a 4 ^ th of = 25 % - a 5 ^ th of = 20 % - a 10 ^ th of = 10 % people do n't think he 's worse than putin . 
  he 'll go to the tweeter to write about it . 
  between his complaints about canadian dairy farmers and his ill-treatment by the fake news . 
  in 2 consecutive tweets . 
  15 minutes apart . 
  who knew that it 's that hard to hit the tiny smartphone buttons with such massive hands . 
  cdu was for a slower phase-out until renewables become better , they were n't really pro nuclear . 
  in 2010 the cdu prolonged the lifetime of nuclear reactors , with the intent to bridge the time until renewables become good . 
  back then `` nuclear power is a bridge technology until we have renewables '' was literally their nuclear agenda . 
  they did n't repeal the ban of the construction of new plants . 
  a pro nuclear party would surely act different . 
  and after fukushima the cdu reinstated the initial plan for the phase out . 
  got some source ? 
  maybe i missed it , but as far as i know german authorities banned the rallies , i.e. 
  the public gatherings . 
  they did n't stop turkish ministers from talking to whoever they want in germany . 
  after all there 's a rather large difference between a public rally and a non-public meeting . 
  is n't a 20 percentage point gap i.e. 
  40/60 the prediction since like a month or so ? 
   `` lets try and fine the uk billions for not collecting taxes that we think they should have collected to spend on themselves '' the eu is a customs union . 
  if uk businesses have to pay less taxes and tariffs because the uk uses unreasonable valuation they get an unfair advantage over companies from other eu countries . 
  once the uk is out of the eu they can value imports however they like . 
  because even if there 's a free trade agreement in place imports will go through customs . 
  and those chinese jeans will be treated as chinese jeans . 
  for a start , every single hire would have to be confirmed by the uk . 
  in the future , eu citizens wo n't have the automatic right to work in the uk , so every single person that wants to work for eu agencies in the uk has to apply for a work permit . 
  or imagine if the eu agency wants to invite an expert from a third country and the uk rejects their visa application . 
  if the uk would enter the eea , which includes freedom of movement for workers , one could discuss if it would make sense to keep the agencies in london . 
  it would probably still be a bad idea , but it could work out . 
  with the current red-white-blue brexit hosting a eu agency in the uk would just be ridiculous . 
  german biker gangs have used bombs in the past . 
   a bomb is always an act of terror . 
  nope . 
  examples : using a bomb to open an atm , using a bomb to murder a specific person, 
  terrorism is already illegal . 
  thank you for your service . 
   join the french and the germans and build a better system then . 
  either you join the french and use samp/t , or you join the germans , italians and americans who currently develop meads . 
  http://healthland.time.com/2012/06/07/how-11-new-york-city-babies-contracted-herpes-through-circumcision/  the centers for disease control and prevention ( cdc ) reported on thursday that 11 baby boys in new york city were infected with herpes between nov. 2000 and dec. 2011 following an ultra-orthodox jewish circumcision ritual called metzitzah b ' peh -- or oral suction -- in which the mohel puts his mouth directly on the newborn 's circumcised penis and sucks away the blood . 
    ten of the babies were hospitalized , at least two developed brain damage and two died , according to the new york city health department . 
  we have `` man kann nicht auf zwei hochzeiten gleichzeitig tanzen '' -- `` you ca n't dance on two weddings at the same time '' and `` wasch mir den pelz , aber mach mich nicht nass '' -- `` wash my fur but do n't get me wet '', 
   at the same time just completely opening their markets right away could result in our companies destroying their younger industries . 
  you are so considerate . 
  meanwhile china has no problem to use state subsidies to kill your and our industries . 
  where ` cooperation ' means we get rid of punitive tariffs so china can continue to destroy european industries ? 
  but hey , at least china is n't trump . 
  it does . 
  we want the bank of england . 
  then you can keep the eu agencies . 
  deal ? 
  only 90s kids will remember this . 
   they fit the second definition of expat which is reitrees living abroad . 
  according to whom ? 
  who defines expat like that ? 
  anyway , if the first definition of expat is ' a person who will return home eventually ' and the second definition is ' a person who moved to a country to spend the rest of their life there ' every immigrant is an expat . 
  would be more honest to define expat as ` immigrant from a rich country ' . 
   is n't ` expat ' a word in relation to the home country ? 
  quite literally actually . 
  ex is the latin prefix for `` out of '' and patria is the latin word for `` home country '' . 
   if someone got sent abroad by their company , i would consider them an expat . 
   all those british baristas in berlin that are proud expats where totally send by their company . 
  the usa flip flopped on their position , they now demand that brexit be cancelled . 
  typical usa . 
  totally disregarding their opinion from an hour ago . 
  -- ( where `` the usa '' means the 11 people that participated in the poll as time of writing ), 
  you accidentally pressed the correct answer . 
  the number on your bank account is just a number in a computer system . 
  it does n't have an intrinsic value . 
  there 's neither a bundle of euro notes nor a lump of gold that represents your account balance . 
  so while your account balance wo n't be wiped to zero you generally wo n't get anything from your bank if it goes out of business . 
  and that tends to happen in the aftermath of a sovereign default . 
  and because the country has just defaulted it wo n't be able to get loans to reimburse the part of the money you just lost that was backed by a deposit insurance scheme . 
  and so the polish university controversy was born . 
  the article forgot to mention the most un-german thing that appears in the line after the most german thing . 
  that you can send them a photo ( not larger than 15 megabyte ) as proof . 
  looks like someone from wsj read the press release from february again and clicked on the link that lead to general guidelines about spy devices . 
  because the agency has n't talked about the doll since february . 
  those hurtful words by europhiles are worse than putin 's artillery shellings .
