  the brain drain wo n't stop when romania leaves the eu . 
  the only thing that will stop is the drain of people without brains . 
  romanian doctors and engineers will just receive working visa for the eu . 
  but i want university graduates , preferably atheists , with verifiable criminal records , 50 % women and 50 % men from anywhere in the world . 
  not a majority low skilled workers ( or even just beggars ) with 63 % men ( migrationsbericht 2013 : of 139487 romanians that migrated to germany 87513 were male ) who engage in a lot of crimes ( polizeiliche kriminalstatistik 2014 : 47435 romanian suspects in germany , compared to 83472 turkish suspects . 
  the latter migrant group is way bigger ) oh and about those welfare shoppers . 
  the ecj recently ruled that germany does n't have to pay welfare to eu citizens that do n't want to work . 
  germany was sued by a romanian woman that wanted welfare without trying to get a job . 
  realistically , the only countries that can restrict taking in refugees are countries that are able to funnel them to other countries . 
  let 's hope so . 
  a eu which ca n't work together is pointless . 
  because we resettled 20,000 syrians from unhcr refugee camps in 2013 already ? 
  yes , these are the rules . 
  it 's called the dublin regulations . 
  it just does n't work . 
  i hope their voices are heard . 
  non-muslim terrorists are so complicated . 
  sane policies that are dictated by terrorists that burn buildings and kill children . 
  who needs democracy if you have a sword or a canister with fuel . 
  good . 
  but plenty of people hoped that he was muslim and just one of those `` not real swedes '' that only have swedish citizenship . 
  so we should do what terrorists want so they spare us from their terror acts ? 
   did n't need to know his name so you are not one of the people that thought he would be named mohamed . 
   it was a statement that should be told to people that immigrate and refuse to speak the local language . 
  like eu citizens ? 
  so it was meant for him or her ? 
  so it 's confirmed . 
  everyone in europe speaks german . 
  support of a terrorist organization . 
  so 6 months to 10 years imprisonment . 
   section 129a  forming terrorist organisations   ( 5 ) whosoever supports a group as described in subsections ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) or ( 3 ) above shall be liable to imprisonment from six months to ten years in cases under subsections ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , and to imprisonment not exceeding five years or a fine in cases under subsection ( 3 ) . 
  whosoever recruits members or supporters for a group as described in subsection ( 1 ) or subsection ( 2 ) above shall be liable to imprisonment from six months to five years . 
  beamer = video projector, 
   they should arrest him ( if that was really arrest worthy ) , that would finally show how stupid those laws are . 
  it 's been 70 years now . 
  and if he is n't arrested , maybe the laws are not that stupid . 
   those `` anti-free-speech '' laws can so easily be abused , and suddenly normal people sit in jail cells for criticizing islam , immigration , israel or some such . 
  can you cite a few cases were normal people sit in jail cells for criticizing islam , immigration , israel or some such ? 
  real crimes like being homeless ? 
  to quote the pdf :  in cameron 's november 2014 immigration speech he said : `` we want to create the toughest system in the eu for dealing with abuse of free movement . 
  this includes stronger powers to deport criminals and stop them coming back . 
  and tougher and longer re-entry bans for all those who abuse free movement including beggars , rough sleepers , fraudsters and people who collude in sham marriages . '' and here 's what italy allegedly thinks about this issue :  according to eu law , the uk already has the right to expel eu criminals from its territory . 
  however , the restrictions of the citizens directive mandate that a case by case review is required , and that this measure ca n't be `` invoked to serve economic ends '' . 
  because regulations already exist , this issue has not been at the center of italian political debate , but italy will most likely support the current status quo . 
  sharia will come into effect any day now . 
   deporting people is really expensive as afaik ( western ) governments usually charter planes to do the job and the whole process needs police oversight and everything . 
  that 's the cheap and easy part of a deportation . 
  when eastern europe hosts the 750,000 people that requested asylum in the eu in the [ 12 months before ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/2/2c/first_time_asylum_applicants%2c_q2_2014_\u2013_q2_2015.png ) merkels `` invitation '' . 
  yeah . 
  that was totally a real threat . 
  who would have thought that 500,000 asylum seekers will arrive in 2015 after only 625,000 have arrived in 2014 . 
  nobody could have predicted that . 
  thanks isis . 
  120 years old ? 
  lazy nazis . 
  back in my days they promised that one would be among the first that will be hanged once the great revolution happens . 
  now you have to do it yourself . 
  kim jong un would be so proud . 
  register them , host them and process their asylum applications ? 
  additionally to that they could advocate for a eu asylum system . 
  and guard it with one police officer per inch !, 
  the police union is just doing their job , 
  yep . 
  looking at one single data point is pretty pointless . 
  there 's an incredible amount of mobility in todays world . 
  here are some of the 2013 numbers from germany : - in total 800,000 people left germany . 
  and 1,230,000 people moved to germany . 
  - 190,424 poles moved to germany and 118,742 poles left germany . 
  - 139,487 romanians moved to germany , 86,742 left . 
  - 118,424 germans moved to germany , 140,282 left . 
  - 23,230 turks came to germany , 27,896 left . 
  - 15,215 french came to germany and 10,085 left fun fact : germans and turks are the only major nationalities with a negative migration balance . 
  because the other options are currently available . 
  if the choice is between romania and lebanon , people will choose romania . 
  the smugglers will receive way less money for that trip though . 
   yeah , they do n't want asylum unless it 's in germany or sweden . 
  between q2/2014 and q2/2015 more than 100,000 people requested asylum in hungary . 
  highest per capita in the eu . 
  it 's a stupid proposal anyway . 
  because a fence to austria wo n't cut it . 
  if they can not enter via austria they wo n't go home , they come via czech republic . 
  and once we have a fence there , they 'll come via poland . 
  and then they come via italy-switzerland . 
  and italy-france . 
  and italy-france-benelux . 
  all these countries have no fences and none of them is able and willing to stop a group of asylum seekers that want to go to germany . 
  this needs a eu solution . 
  and the eu is currently still in `` not my problem '' mode . 
   what the article does n't say about this number : it 's the total number of people emigrating from france , even foreigners . 
  it counts the foreign students going back to their countries ( like italians or moroccans ) , illegal immigrants being sent back to their countries . 
  according to the article it 's the number of french that leave france :  the number of french emigrating jumped from 140,000 a year to 200,000 but that 's not necessarily a problem either . 
  because there are plenty of french that move back to france . 
  to compare it with germany : in 2013 ( the latest public numbers ) 140,282 germans left germany . 
  and 118,425 germans came back to germany . 
   i moved to montreal to study last year , and like at least half of the many french students who came along i do not intend to go back to france . 
  so you lived abroad for one year , and all you did was attend university and a side job ? 
  you 're still in the `` grass is greener here '' phase . 
  exhibit 1 :  just look at how the taxi driver union got uber executives arrested http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/montreal/montreal-taxi-bureau-has-seized-40-uberx-vehicles-1.3050713  montreal 's taxi bureau is ramping up its fight against uberx , the car-sharing app which allows drivers without a taxi licence to offer rides in the city . 
    alain rochon , general manager of the montreal taxi bureau , said his association has seized 40 vehicles used by uberx drivers since mid-february with the help of montreal police . 
     `` uberx is illegal and it 's being monitored by the montreal taxi bureau , '' rochon said monday .
