  this is not about immigrants . 
  this is about refugees . 
  and every country that has signed the [ * un convention relating to the status of refugees * ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_relating_to_the_status_of_refugees ) is forced to take refugees . 
  that includes every single eu country . 
  wait until you realize that turkey ( 1.8 million ) , lebanon ( 1.2 million ) and jordan ( 600,000 ) house the majority of the 4 million refugees from syria . 
   the projections talk about half a billion profit each year . 
  do you have a link to these projections ? 
  sounds unbelievable , because half a billion is basically 2/3 of fraports current ebit . 
  do you have examples where the german federal government influenced companies that are owned by the individual states and/or municipalities ? 
  there are thousands of such compan, 
  the common territory is called the eu . 
  every eu citizen has the right to live where ever they want in the union . 
  and every eu citizen has the right to be a candidate in a municipal election ( conditions may apply ) . 
  i do n't see how taking away a city from its citizens , just to fill it artificially with eu citizens would be beneficial . 
  if you do n't want to deport the current citizens of brussels , you at least have to remove their right to vote , otherwise nobody would vote for your danish mayor . 
  your idea is not very democratic . 
  there are other ways to live abroad without feeling like a foreigner . 
   brussels does not belong to the eu . 
  yet . 
  wait until we have the eu army ready . 
  in 2009 somali pirates tried to board the spessart , they most likely have mistaken it for a civilian merchant ship . 
  the german gorch fock ii is n't even that old . 
  launched and commissioned in 1958 . 
  but it is currently in use , it 's not a museum . 
  it 's used as a training ship for officer and nco candidates . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gorch_fock_ ( 1958 ), 
  german democratic republic first the government tried to hide the accident . 
  then they downplayed it . 
  then they whitewashed the consequences by publishing some measured data without context ( i.e. 
  data before the accident ) and a `` everything is good '' message . 
  stores had more vegetables and fruits in stock than usual . 
  because west germany did n't want to buy our produce . 
  west-german tv and radio broadcasts were available to many east germans so the population was not as ill-informed as berlin and moscow had wished . 
  accept them ? 
  you put them on a plane to their country . 
  that 's when they become someone else 's problem . 
  that 's how you deport . 
  no need to ask the country if it wants its citizens back . 
  there is probably a un convention for letting your own citizens into your country . 
  you ask a judge . 
  yep . 
  we have to speed up the process by orders of magnitude . 
  first decision within 48 hours , final decision within a week . 
  that should be the goal . 
  but that takes a lot of money . 
  the normal asylum process ? 
  is the person under real threat in their home country ? 
  is the eu country the first safe country the person set foot on ? 
  if both are answered with yes , they can stay . 
  freedom of movement applies to eu citizens only . 
  refugees are n't eu citizens . 
  there are already certain types of visa that limit freedom of movement . 
  asylum seekers in germany are not allowed to leave a certain area for the first 3 months . 
  that 's not a problem . 
  the un is involved since 1951 . 
  it 's called * convention relating to the status of refugees *, 
  yup . 
  just a week ago * noble jump * ended , an exercise for the very high readiness joint task force of nato . 
  with ~ 1,500 troops from netherlands , czech republic , germany , poland , norway , denmark , hungary , lithuania , croatia , portugal , and slovenia . 
  part 2 of that exercise will be in june . 
  and around september  25,000 nato troops will come together in portugal for the trident juncture exercise . 
  how would a neutral search result ranking algorithm look like ? 
  not much will change . 
  google can run their whole business from the us . 
  things like payments will be much more expensive , but that 's about it . 
  people will not stop to use google just because google has no offices in europe . 
   to solve this , we must provide ways for asylum seekers to apply for asylum outside our borders , and stop all the rest . 
  great idea . 
  now even more people can apply for asylum in a country of their choice . 
  currently more than 4 million people are registered refugees from syria . 
  imagine if all of them could apply for asylum in one of the richer eu countries . 
  the whole idea that you have to be in the country where you want to apply for asylum was made to prevent global refugee streams . 
  refugees should go to the nearest safe country as soon as possible . 
  processing an asylum application takes months , if not years . 
  you ca n't tell the asylum seekers to stay in syria until germany has processed their application . 
   we keep rewarding the ones who make across by letting them stay here yes . 
  it 's called `` following the un convention relating to the status of refugees . '', 
   more and closer cooperation with countries like turkey to try and catch smugglers . 
  why should turkey be interested in such a cooperation ? 
  they currently house almost 1.8 million refugees from syria . 
  and europe complains because 100,000 boat people will ruin their continent . 
  and a drug substitution program is basically austerity . 
  if a heroin addict does n't want to be addicted anymore , society gets them something that works similar . 
  but you are not allowed to take as much as you want . 
  a doctor limits your doses to something that , best case scenario , wo n't make you high . 
  it 's just for relief of pain and withdrawal symptoms . 
  and to be in the methadone program you have to follow very strict rules . 
  you basically have to do whatever you are told , or you are out of the program rather quickly . 
  being in a substitution program is not fun with drugs sponsored by society , it 's hard work . 
  if i judge the greek government by their behavior it looks like the plan is a forced grexit . 
   back where ? 
  back to the country of their departure . 
  which can only be done if that is a safe country . 
  if they seek asylum they should do that in the first safe country . 
  unfortunately there are not many north-african countries left that can be considered safe . 
   so you have a judge determine that they were trying to enter without valid documentation which is an accepted legal reason to return them to their point of departure . 
  this chance disappears once the person in question has requested asylum . 
  which is the first thing the boat people do . 
  people who cross borders in good faith because they believe they are refugees ca n't be prosecuted for entry without permission . 
   does n't matter - industry in the 21st century is powered by electricity rather than coal furnaces .
