   this video is my attempt at turning the tides that is the decline of western civilization , with focus on sweden . 
  -- i.e. 
  : not worth watching because it 's one-sided , lacks every journalistic credibility and is just an opinion piece of some dude who knows how to use a video editor . 
  like many of these videos it will contain statements that were taken out of context , or even outright mistranslations . 
  but the choice of apocalyptic music will be top notch . 
  - approval rate for obama in the us : 47 % - approval rate for obama in ukraine : 49 % fuck off ukraine !, 
  you corrupt appendage to russia !, 
  why do you hate us ? 
  we are the greatest country in the world !, 
  49 % approval for obama is higher than the latest gallop poll in the us , where he reached 47 % approval . 
  if you look closer you 'll see it 's [ this unofficial flag ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/dienstflagge_der_bundesbeh\u00f6rden#/media/file:flag_of_germany_\\ ( unoff \\ ) . svg ) with the bundesadler , and not the dienstflagge . 
  / nitpicking, 
  the 10 billion euro investment wo n't come in the form of cruise missiles , foreign military bases and salaries for western soldiers . 
   the majority are economic migrants . 
  and the last thing that stops an economic migrant from moving is a good economy in their home country . 
   genetics are very important if you plan to have children . 
  for the people that actually value genetics in their choice of girlfriends , you probably have to be 100 % pure . 
  do n't worry , we will continue to hear news about this even after the referendum . 
  no matter the result , it will be such a small difference that people from the losing side will complain for years . 
  and if the uk votes to leave , the number of news articles will increase tenfold . 
  because then both the uk and the eu actually have to come up with a plan for the situation where uk is no longer part of the eu . 
  the uk 's wish to stay part of the single market without freedom of movement alone should create hundreds of `` interesting '' news articles . 
  you will hear many opinions pieces on how the eu punishes the uk for leaving . 
  first they have to bail-in . 
   i am roughly 33 % scandinavian nobody cares about this stuff on this side of the atlantic . 
  it wo n't score you any points in your search for that norwegian wifey . 
  your best chance to find a norwegian girlfriend would be to move to norway . 
  norway is not one of these countries where many women wait for generous men from abroad who will rescue them from poverty . 
  money from the marshall plan , which was officially named the european recovery program , was paid to basically every european country that was n't under communist rule . 
  and the reason why countries under communist rule did n't get any money was because they refused to participate , or better were made to refuse by moscow . 
  west germany ( 1448 million $ ) did n't even receive the largest chunk of it , it came only third after the uk ( 3297 million ) and france ( 2296 million ) . 
  do n't forget the millions that have left romania , poland , bulgaria , hungary and other eu countries to settle in germany . 
  yeah . 
  we are indeed are pretty awesome country . 
  carry a pepper spray and live with the consequences . 
  which is probably exactly what she did . 
  because possession of pepper spray does n't land you in jail . 
  you have to pay a 60 $ fine and be done . 
  not with illegal weapons . 
  because possession of illegal weapons is illegal . 
  or you can do it with illegal weapons , but have to live with the consequences . 
  which in that case is a 60 $ fine , and not life-long imprisonment . 
  if danes want to use pepper spray they have to change the law . 
    pepper spray   illegal weapon   and people call us a nanny state ... 
  is n't pepper spray illegal in the uk as well ? 
  section 5 ( 1 ) ( b ) of the firearms act says :  a person commits an offence if , without the authority of the defence council [ f8or the scottish ministers ( by virtue of provision made under section 63 of the scotland act 1998 ) ] , he has in his possession , or purchases or acquires , or manufactures , sells or transfers --   ( b ) any weapon of whatever description designed or adapted for the discharge of any noxious liquid , gas or other thing ; and --  she 's not carrying it to spray random bystanders in the eyes . 
  she carried it to defend herself from rapists . 
  so i guess carrying a handgun is legal in the uk as well ? 
  because people do n't carry them to kill random bystanders . 
  they carry them to defend themselves from rapists . 
   it 's not entirely clear if the police did use their discretion in this instance because there have been no follow-up stories on whether the girl was arrested or not . 
  nobody is arrested for an offense that carries a # 50 fine . 
  most self defense laws actually authorize you to do whatever is necessary to stop an attack . 
  and if that is an illegal weapon , you are free to use it if you believe it 's the only way to stop an ongoing attack . 
  and if the court agrees with you , you wo n't be charged because you used that illegal weapon in self defense . 
  however , even in the case that the self defense was legal , you will be charged if that illegal weapon was in your possession before the self defense situation occurred . 
   yeah , she had the right to use a gun and kill him , it 's called self defense . 
  indeed . 
  and if possession of a gun would be illegal , she would then be prosecuted because she was in possession of a gun . 
  that 's how it works in every fucking country in the world . 
  she is not prosecuted because she protected herself . 
  she is prosecuted because she was in possession of an illegal weapon . 
  being prosecuted for being in possession of an illegal weapon . 
  should have added the sentence before that as well . 
   `` this is not about stopping or pushing back refugee boats , '' he added . 
  awacs wo n't be used against smugglers , they are for anti-is operations in syria and iraq . 
  in particular the us has requested assistance by nato awacs for the anti-is missions . 
  here 's the german perspective why backfilling makes sense : around one third of the crew aboard nato awacs planes are german . 
  according to our constitution , combat mission have to be approved by the parliament . 
  so if nato awacs would be deployed to syria directly it would create a small problem for germany ; because the nato commitment would be unconstitutional until the parliament approves the operation . 
  nato itself would suddenly be part of the multinational anti-is alliance too . 
  which would probably not be that big of a deal . 
  using nato awacs to backfill national requirements solves both problems . 
  the us , uk or whoever sees need can deploy their own awacs capabilities to syria/iraq . 
  and the nato awacs , with the german soldiers aboard , will be deployed to the us , the uk or other countries to fill the national awacs capabilities . 
  but instead of being part of a combat missions these planes will be used for air policing operations max . 
  so no parliament approval for the german crew is required . 
  -- for the mission against smugglers , whoever is currently part of the standing nato maritime group 2 , will be used for smuggler detection in the aegean sea . 
  according to the nato website , the group currently consists of the flagship [ bonn ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/berlin-class_replenishment_ship ) ( germany ) , [ hmcs fredericton ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hmcs_fredericton_\\ ( ffh_337 \\ ) ) ( canada ) , [ its libeccio ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maestrale-class_frigate ) ( italy ) , [ hs salamis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_frigate_salamis_\\ ( f-455 \\ ) ) ( greece ) , and [ tcg barbaros ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/barbaros-class_frigate ) ( turkey ) . 
  -- and about what happens to detected refugees , stoltenberg avoided directly answering the question during the press conference . 
  so the answer is probably that they will be brought to greece . 
  in the nato press conference it sounded a bit different . 
  the mission target is not to stop refugees that are on the sea already , it 's to stop smugglers . 
   this is not about stopping or pushing back refugee boats . 
    nato will contribute critical information and surveillance to help counter human trafficking and criminal networks . 
  --  question ( wsj ) : mr secretary general , if a nato vessel was to encounter a , a ship of migrants boat of migrants that was sinking , it would have a legal obligation to rescue those people . 
  how do you make sure that the nato mission deters crossings as opposed to encourages them ? 
  and do you have more insight into how nato will attack the smuggling networks to help turkey break them down ? 
    secretary general : the important thing here is that what we will do is that we will provide critical information . 
  by using our capabilities when it comes to surveillance , reconnaissance , and monitoring the situation , and thereby provide high-quality information to the coast guard of turkey , the coast guard of greece , and also to the efforts of the european union . 
    this is important . 
  and i think that just our presence and that we are providing this information will help them and enable them to step up their efforts to cope with the crisis we see in the aegean sea . 
    and as i said , we will also increase our surveillance along the turkish-syrian border , which is also then a part of this broader picture . 
  we will then sit down with the european union and to sort out more in detail exactly how we can support them . 
    but we will start immediately with moving the standing maritime group under german command into the aegean sea , and then to start to collect information , reconnaissance and surveillance immediately . 
  and i feel very certain that this kind of support to those countries in the region which are most affected , and to the european union , is something they highly value and is also a response to a request from greece , turkey , and germany . 
  the eu already has a similar mission , [ eunavfor med ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eu_navfor_med ) . 
  turkey is the reason why nato is involved , not that we are incapable of running military operations . 
  the reason why nato is involved is turkey . 
  because turkey wants to cooperate with the eu ; and nato structures are pretty good for that .
