  western europe should not have rights . 
  eastern european should be allowed to work in uk and take job away from uk citizen . 
  but uk citizen should not be allowed to own land in eastern europe because that takes land away from eastern europe citizen . 
  i do n't know the actual laws and regulations , but that `` for three years '' could hint that this decision is compatible with eu law . 
  in some sectors the eu allows temporarily suspension if there 's an extraordinary situation . 
   as far as i can see , things could be very simple , canada wo n't offer asylum to citizens of eu ( including romania ) because all their rights and freedoms are respected here . 
  canada would still have to check every single application thoroughly . 
  but they can certainly handle that , asylum seekers that enter via the airport are usually put under custody and then their case is decided as quickly as possible . 
   and if someone go there and do something illegal during those 90 days or how much is such trip allowed , or do n't follow the local laws if want to stay over that period , simply send them back ( or arrest them etc , this is what is done regarding any visitors from any eu country anyway ) . 
  canada is not a police state , if you avoid certain situations you can live decades without ever getting checked by the police . 
  how to send someone back if you do n't know where he is ? 
   otherwise they needed to put visas for americans as well are you aware that people from different countries have different risks of overstaying ? 
  the motivation for a us citizen to overstay his visa to become an illegal immigrant is rather small . 
  considering that he 'll earn way less money in his illegal job in canada than he can earn in his legal job in the usa . 
  a romanian with an illegal job in canada might actually be able to afford a higher standard of living than he does in romania . 
  and of course . 
  it 's all the gypsies fault . 
  not once has a true romanian seeked illegal employment . 
  true romanians would never do that . 
  the contrary . 
  they might get visa-free access to canada like all ( or most , not sure about bulgaria ) other eu citizen . 
   it is amazing how we all became united with gypsy problems now we just need a endl\u00f6sung in der gypsy-frage . 
  am i right ? 
  that has nothing to do with a trade deal . 
  the eu has adopted legislation that makes full visa reciprocity mandatory for all countries that have visa free access to the eu . 
  in 2013 they amended that to make it easier to reach that state . 
  there are now deadlines in place that force countries to act . 
  retaliative measures still have to be agreed upon , but now there even is an option to revoke visa-free access for the violating third country . 
  countries and citizen can now complain to the eu commission about lack of reciprocity . 
  bulgaria , croatia , cyprus , poland and romania then made the eu commission aware of countries that do n't offer reciprocity for their country . 
  affected countries were australia , brunei darussalam , canada , japan and the us . 
  and the eu commission then initiated tripartite talks . 
  except canada and the us all countries adopted changes to make full reciprocity a reality . 
  now it looks like canada will work towards reciprocity as well . 
  which leaves the us . 
  they have made some diplomatic statements about continuing to work together to reach full reciprocity one day . 
  but it does n't seem like they plan to actually change anything . 
  the eu commission now has the option to revoke visa-free access for the us . 
  which will probably not happen . 
   it 's their country , they can do whatever they want . 
  they might have to leave the eu for that though . 
  some things are simply incompatible with being a eu member . 
  the death penalty as a prominent example . 
  exceptions apply for art . 
  which should cover transformers 5 . 
  does that mean what i think it means ? 
  i can no longer naturalize in latvia unless i can provide the latvian equivalent of an aryan certificate ? 
  jeez, 
  they are more than welcome to come to germany and put as many swastikas on as many buildings as they want . 
  exceptions apply for buildings that contain memorials , e.g. 
  the bendlerblock ( tom cruise was allowed filming of the execution of stauffenberg there , but no flags with swastikas ) . 
  you probably wo n't get a permit for filming in buchenwald either . 
  but everything else is fair game . 
  g\u00f6rlitz in 2015 , filming of the movie `` alone in berlin '' : http://i.imgur.com/uc7nj6r.jpg berlin , ministry of finance in 2004 , filming of a comedy movie about hitler : http://i.imgur.com/onozz9x.jpg please note the combination of german government flag , the eu flag and swastika flags . 
  euroreich confirmed . 
  same movie , different location in berlin : http://i.imgur.com/4iigxen.jpg, 
  --  \u00a7 86a   ( 3 ) \u00a7 86 abs . 
  of course . 
  and they should have filmed the rest of the movie in germany as well . 
  treaty changes requires unanimous approval . 
  in some countries treaty change requires a referendum . 
  the brits wo n't get a treaty change . 
  should have read that before claiming that the more you know about the eu the more likely you are to dislike it . 
  - 86 % of the people with `` very positive eu image '' had at least 1 answer correct - 92 % of the people with `` very negative eu image '' had at least 1 answer correct but - 41 % of the people with `` very positive eu image '' had all 3 answer correct - 33 % of the people with `` very negative eu image '' had all 3 answer correct, 
  so you know already that the uk wo n't request a prolongation of the a50 negotiations ? 
  because he 's referring to the * treaty on the functioning of the european union * . 
   article 26 ( ex article 14 tec )   1 . 
  the union shall adopt measures with the aim of establishing or ensuring the functioning of the internal market , in accordance with the relevant provisions of the treaties . 
  the internal market shall comprise an area without internal frontiers in which the free movement of goods , persons , services and capital is ensured in accordance with the provisions of the treaties . 
  the council , on a proposal from the commission , shall determine the guidelines and conditions necessary to ensure balanced progress in all the sectors concerned . 
  --  article 27 ( ex article 15 tec )   when drawing up its proposals with a view to achieving the objectives set out in article 26 , the commission shall take into account the extent of the effort that certain economies showing differences in development will have to sustain for the establishment of the internal market and it may propose appropriate provisions . 
    if these provisions take the form of derogations , they must be of a temporary nature and must cause the least possible disturbance to the functioning of the internal market . 
  it 's a populist question . 
   90 % of the people do n't even know the rules for dual citizenship . 
  the uk is still in the eu . 
  that 's why some people want to fast-track the process to get citizenship . 
  for people from the eu or switzerland , dual citizenship is already the default . 
  in all other cases you need a reason to keep your other citizenship . 
  thank you for your service . 
  a general strike like you suggest is very likely illegal . 
  the right to strike is usually connected to things like the conditions in a collective bargaining agreement . 
  where strike is the ultima-ratio , that you can only use legally if you 've exhausted all other options . 
  you ca n't stop working because you feel mistreated by the country and call it a strike . 
  i think the military is one of the areas where trump will have the least influence . 
  if he 's elected he 'll make a statement on nato within a few months of his presidency . 
  where he clarifies that defense inside nato is indeed unconditional , no matter how much you have spent on your military in the 10 years before you invoke article 5 . 
  he 'll push for 2 % spending in all nato partners a bit harder than obama . 
  but that 's probably it . 
  his advisors know very well what would happen if the us backs down in nato , or if nato members lose trust in the mutual defense clause . 
  half of europe will look into the option to leave the npt to arm itself with nuclear weapons . 
  but all these headscarves . 
  these women will white-genocide you !, 
  or as nigel farage would say : mission accomplished . 
  you know that you are in the eu because you make choices not because they make sense , but because they do n't give anyone an advantage . 
  better have us all disadvantaged than giving a member country an advantage . 
  good thinking . 
  you qualify for a position with the eu . 
  hypothetical games would be way less fun if you could n't just ignore the most obvious answer . 
  is this a one hour long advertisement for his book ? 
  at least here ( saxony , 50km from czechia ) people often still use tschechei .
