  it will reflect peoples opinion about the eu in general and current migration from eastern europe as well . 
  or to quote thierry baudet , an author and academic who launched the forum for democracy to campaign for a referendum :  it can be a decisive step , we will put the question of the eu on the agenda with a broad focus on all aspects of the eu . 
  as many , it 's a shitty referendum . 
  you can construct pro and contra arguments about ukraine as long as you want , many people will vote * no * to demonstrate that the eu sucks . 
  and others vote * yes * to prevent that the * eu sucks * crowd wins . 
  there should be a `` does the eu suck ? '', 
  referendum the day before the ukraine referendum . 
  but i guess this would mean that the turnout for the latter would be below 5 %, 
  merkel is one of the least pro-putin politicians in germany . 
  and she wo n't be replaced by cameron or szyd\u0142o , she 'll be replaced by putin-fan sigmar gabriel . 
   what about if he 's not 15 but there is no way to check . 
  [ in dubio pro reo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/in_dubio_pro_reo ) . 
   but considering how we are doing with large public works recently , i 'd say it wont end well . 
  it just should n't be a public project . 
  and if you 're under 14 you can do the same in lithuania . 
  or half of europe for that matter . 
  when i 'm in the us i hide my beer bottle in a head so nobody sees that i 'm drinking in public . 
  when somebody asks why i carry a head around i talk like i 'm really drunk , so people believe i 'm from holland . 
  do what exactly ? 
   poland , uk , france , baltics are not freeloaders , the rest are . 
  you mean greece , uk , estonia and poland . 
  these four and the us are the only nato countries that spent at least 2 % of gdp on defense in 2015 . 
  latvia and lithuania spent even less than germany . 
   as soon as there is negative interest people will just move from banks into cash . 
  which is good for the banks . 
  because they can order more cash from the ecb . 
  which means they have to pay less interest rate for having the ecb deposit their money . 
  right now banks order cash and store it in their safes to avoid the ecb fees . 
  i think it was tagesschau were i read earlier today that bank busting gets more profitable because banks are incentivized to store large amounts of cash in their safes . 
  is lord of the flies banned in finland ? 
  because you have to be 15 to be criminal liable in finland . 
   chapter 3 - the general prerequisite of criminal liability ( 515/2003 )  section 4 -- the age of criminal liability and criminal responsibility ( 515/2003 )   ( 1 ) prerequisites for criminal liability are that the perpetrator had reached the age of fifteen years at the time of the act and is criminally responsible . 
  [ ecb press release  ( http://www.ecb.europa.eu/press/pr/date/2016/html/pr160310.en.html )  10 march 2016   at today 's meeting the governing council of the ecb took the following monetary policy decisions :   1 . 
  the interest rate on the main refinancing operations of the eurosystem will be decreased by 5 basis points to 0.00 % , starting from the operation to be settled on 16 march 2016 . 
  the interest rate on the marginal lending facility will be decreased by 5 basis points to 0.25 % , with effect from 16 march 2016 . 
  the interest rate on the deposit facility will be decreased by 10 basis points to -0.40 % , with effect from 16 march 2016 . 
  the monthly purchases under the asset purchase programme will be expanded to $ 80 billion starting in april . 
  investment grade euro-denominated bonds issued by non-bank corporations established in the euro area will be included in the list of assets that are eligible for regular purchases . 
  a new series of four targeted longer-term refinancing operations ( tltro ii ) , each with a maturity of four years , will be launched , starting in june 2016 . 
  borrowing conditions in these operations can be as low as the interest rate on the deposit facility . 
     the president of the ecb will comment on the considerations underlying these decisions at a press conference starting at 14:30 cet today . 
  530 $ in 14 payments per year ? 
  so 618 $ if calculated in 12 payments like the graph . 
  how many legs does a cow have ? 
  two in the front , two in the back , two on the left side , two on the right side and one on each of its corners . 
  every country under democratic rule of law has these problems . 
  the upside is that the state wo n't build a road through your house just because it 's the easiest option . 
  the downside is that planning for infrastructure projects takes a very long time and many lawsuits . 
   membership to his faction ( of the independents ... ) . 
  ... that consists of staunch monarchists , anti-semites , nationalists , communists , nazis , joke politicians and jean marie le pen . 
  yes , i should have added 30 million malaysians to that list as well . 
   the idea of giving 75 million turks visa free travel in europe makes my blood curdle . 
  why ? 
  what makes 75 million turks worse than 120 million mexicans , 205 million brazilians and 49 million colombians ( provisional ) who all enjoy visa-free travel to the schengen zone ? 
  schengen visa rejection rate for turks was 4.4 % in 2014 . 
  colombia had a refusal rate of 4.3 % , and they gained a provisional visa-waiver a year later . 
   that law was created in different times . 
  ** ones where the refugees were few ** the un refugee convention was created in 1951 . 
  six years after the end of world war ii , that 's what the un had in mind when they created the convention . 
  some estimates state that a total of 60 million europeans became refugees during world war ii . 
  more than a million were still looking for a place to settle by 1951 . 
  because reality is more complicated than you think . 
  how about increasing the minimum wage ? 
  not sure if bush did it , but [ obama certainly did ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k5ur5e61sky ) . 
  tl ; dr/ig ; dr : voters in municipal elections have more than one vote and they can elect candidates from multiple parties . 
  in frankfurt for example you had 93 votes . 
  the initial count only counted ballots that contained a single cross to give all available votes to a party list ( [ picture of such a ballot , 15 votes per voter ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8b/stimmzettel_kommunalwahl_hessen_beispiel_3.svg ) ) . 
  the final count includes more complicated vote patterns as well ( [ picture ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/15/stimmzettel_kommunalwahl_hessen_beispiel_7.svg ) ) . 
  so why the initial higher numbers for afd ? 
  so called protest voters are more likely to give all their votes to a single party . 
  people that actually care about municipal politics often elect candidates beyond party boundaries . 
  no fraud . 
  no conspiracy . 
   britain will forever remain the us 's # 1 ally in europe , they 're family . 
  yep . 
  to quote obama :  $ { country } is the closest and strongest ally of the us . 
  to use a phrase from boxing , it punches above its weight . 
  turkey retains a geographic limitation to its ratification of the 1951 u.n. convention on the status of refugees , which means that only those fleeing as a consequence of `` events occurring in europe '' can be given refugee status . 
   ah , understood . 
  you 're just calling everyone a migrant because calling them according to what they are would make it sound like most of them are not real refugees and just economic migrants and you could n't push your `` oh look photos of children behind fences '' feelgood agenda so easily ? 
  what term would you use ? 
  are male lions evil for killing the offspring of female lions so the male lions are able to impregnate the females ? 
  are widow spiders evil because they eat the male after mating ? 
  like estonia . 
  unfortunately because it 's so small , estonia with its 2 % military spending ca n't police its own airspace . 
  and among others , germany which has almost no army and is a huge burden on nato because it does n't meet the 2 % target , has to do the job for estonia . 
  to outspend poland , the czech republic , romania , hungary , slovakia , croatia , bulgaria , slovenia , lithuania , latvia and estonia in absolute values , germany would only need to spend 0.75 % of its gdp . 
  but germany currently spends more than that . 
  and that would be if eastern europe would spend the 2 % . 
  but they spends way less than that . 
  only estonia and poland meet the 2 % target . 
  hungary , slovenia , slovakia , latvia , the czech republic and lithuania spend even less than germany in relative terms . 
  relative contributions are a lot of fun . 
  unfortunately they are only symbolic if you deal with countries that have economies of such different sizes . 
  how certain are you that the uk will become part of the eea after leaving the eu ? 
  here 's the process for an eea citizen who wants to work in germany : 1 . find a job 2 . move to germany 3 . start working and 1 and 2 are interchangeable here 's the process for people who are n't eea citizens : 1 . get university education 2 . find a job that is in high demand or pays more than 1.5 times the average german wage 3 . convince future employer to go through the hassle of getting a visa 4 . fill out tons of paperwork . 
  employer has to do the same 5 . apply for visa 6 . wait between 3 and 6 months 7 . move to germany 8 . start working 9 . extend visa every few years the process is similar in every eea country . 
  as someone who understands german , the article is about something completely different . 
   such a deal is not without alternatives , registration/detention centers in greece , financed by the eu and supported by frontex , are a viable alternative . 
  why in greece ?
