  that 's the `` beauty '' of it . 
  since we have government officials in these camps , they can be declared safe . 
  and people who currently reside in safe countries do n't qualify for asylum . 
  just need one eu official who sits in a refugee center and denies every application . 
  on the more serious side , let the unhcr select them . 
  they have a vulnerable person resettlement program . 
  they resettle people who need medical attention , are victims of torture and violence , are women who are threatened by things like honor killings . 
  anything more concrete than this :  development and humanitarian assistance to countries of origin and transit of migration : the v4 countries expressed readiness to participate in designing effective and integrated development cooperation strategies based on principles of policy coherence for development and on partnership with countries of origin and transit of migration . 
  the v4 countries are also committed to increase efficiency and effectiveness of bilateral and eu assistance to particularly vulnerable groups in the conflict affected countries and regions . 
  it 's nice that they are committed to do things . 
  but what are they waiting for ? 
  a joint task force from the eu ? 
  why not ask the unhcr what help they need , and then help . 
  be it with money , equipment or even personell . 
  that 's what i 'm criticizing . 
  everyone wants to help , everyone is really really committed to help . 
  yet everybody waits . 
  read the posting i answered to . 
  i quote it for you in full :  which is precisely why instead of housing 1 million asylum applicants inside expensive countries , such as germany or sweden , you could help 4 million refugees , with the same money , in turkey and lebanon . 
  of course it 's not eu 's duty to help them . 
  but then we should not pretend that we want to help them . 
  do n't say shit like `` we could help them in lebanon if we would n't help them here '' . 
  the part of the dublin regulations that germany ignores is not mandatory . 
  a country that is not the first eu country of entry ** can ** request that the asylum applicant is relocated to the first country of entry . 
  but there is no obligation to do that , otherwise germany would have a few thousand asylum seekers and not hundred thousands . 
  i do n't see how it would be beneficial for the eu if germany would dump the 200,000 people that requested asylum in germany last year , and the 250,000 people that requested asylum this year back to italy , greece , hungary or even malta . 
  but greece and italy can always sue germany because it is stealing their asylum seekers . 
   currently they 're running a 7 % trade surplus , but eu regulations stipulate that no country should have a positive balance over 6 % because it would create an imbalance in europe . 
  germany 's not punished . 
  in the 2013 mip scoreboard , germany has a 6.7 % in the account balance . 
  that 's indeed a violation . 
  but denmark ( 6.1 ) , sweden ( 6.1 ) and the netherlands ( 9.8 ) are violating that same indicator as well . 
  and cyprus ( -4.0 ) violates the indicator too , just in the other direction . 
  look at the [ scoreboard ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/indicators/economic_reforms/eip/#/headline/ ) yourself . 
  every gray field is a violation . 
  every single eu country violates at least one indicators . 
  but of course only germany should be punished . 
  `` that 's not a long-term solution . 
  let 's do nothing . '', 
  because today and next month do n't matter . 
  we are not in a crisis right now . 
  we have time to come up with a long term solution that will still work three decades from now . 
  sir , i see your house is burning , but i also see that it 's build next to a river . 
  putting the fire out is not a long term solution , we have to tackle the threat of flooding as well . 
  yes . 
  it is . 
  the eu forces the uk to participate in freedom of movement . 
  the eu forces sweden to participate in a common fishing policy . 
  the eu forces germany to implement co2 targets . 
  the eu forces poland to sell property to germans . 
  the eu forces italy to protect their border . 
  what point does a union have if everything is optional ? 
  there is a democratic process involved , everyone can participate in shaping the policy . 
  but we need a common asylum system . 
  that 's the only option if the eu should survive the next few years . 
  that 's one part of the eu wide asylum policy . 
  now we just need suggestions for the other two dozen parts . 
  starting with a unified policy on who receives asylum and who qualifies for subsidiary protection . 
  we need eu targets on decision time . 
  then we need a unified benefits system . 
  and of course we also need a unified deportation system . 
  and so on . 
  implementing a distribution system without the other parts is nonsense . 
  refugee will just riot until other countries let them continue to the paradise named germany . 
  if asylum in the eu means the same everywhere , then we can talk about a unlimited quota system . 
  no problem mentioning the war . 
  but there are n't many things that are more insulting than saying current germany tries to finish what hitler could n't . 
   i 'm disappointed with german attitude and comments about the other eu countries , specially comments made against hungary , the only country who tried to follow the rules when they could easily just put the migrants in trains and dump them in the german/austrian border . 
  you must be joking . 
  because that 's exactly what hungary does . 
  they received 32,810 asylum applications in q2/2015 . 
  the highest per capita by a 1/3 margin . 
  yet their refugee camps are basically empty . 
  --  hungary is transporting thousands of refugees by train and dumping them on the border with austria , the un refugee agency has said , as eu states scrambled to follow germany 's lead and introduce new controls on their borders . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/sep/14/hungary-refugees-austria-border-clampdown --  vienna ( reuters ) - hungary has unilaterally suspended european union asylum rules that require it to take back refugees who first enter hungary , then travel to other countries , a government spokesman said in a prepared statement . 
  on the european side , it 's mostly private companies that buy gas from russia . 
  they then sell it in the eu . 
  it 's not like the german government imports gas . 
  it 's always you you you . 
  and we we we , which means you you you . 
  where is eastern europe in this crisis ? 
  how has romania helped in lebanon and turkey ? 
  where is the v4 proposal to help relief some pressure from countries that border syria ? 
  the german federal relief agency ( thw ) send teams to refugee camps in lebanon years ago . 
  they assisted the unhcr to build camps where people can actually live , they created infrastructure like water treatment and distribution systems . 
  they also build a bridge over a river which divided a camp in two parts . 
  where were all the countries that always want to help in lebanon ? 
  germany also resettled 20,000 syrian refugees in 2013 and 2014 . 
  that 's the same number the uk wants to resettle until 2020 . 
  and yet , the influx of refugees did n't stop . 
  maybe because in q2/2015 only 21 % of the people that requested asylum in europe were from syria . 
  that 's exactly what we have to do . 
  there is no other solution . 
  according to many people in this sub germany is using money to finish what hitler could n't . 
  let me quote the person i responded to . 
  `` they could n't colonize europe in world was 2 with guns so instead they are doing it with money . '', 
  it makes me incredible sad to read such things . 
  apparently we are once again a threat to the world . 
  and so we should not have means to interfere with the peace , freedom and prosperity of europe . 
  leaving the eu is the first step to that .
