  the us went from having a lng trade deficit of 63 bcf to having a lng trade surplus of 98 bcf within one year . 
   besides , during the cold war germany truly was an occupied vassal state . 
  what damage could it have done back then , and to who ? 
  nato ended at the iron curtain . 
  i should have made that more clear as well . 
  i was not talking about countries that are now part of nato . 
  i was talking about countries that were nato members back then . 
  western europe has been importing oil and gas from russia for a long time . 
  even during the height of the cold war russia has been a reliable source of energy imports . 
  more reliable than other non-european sources . 
  if you 're interested here 's a 1981 cia assessment about the implications of the siberia-to-europe gas pipeline : https://www.cia.gov/library/readingroom/docs/doc_0000500594.pdf not much has changed . 
   or how about eastern european countries focus their financial support on their own population ? 
    or is such a concept lost on you ? 
  did you miss the part where \\ / u/spirit _ inc literally offered italy help in the form of money and specialist . 
  apparently poland has money earmarked for helping italy , but italy does n't want it . 
  so i suggested to give it to the unhcr instead . 
   unhcr works in poland the same way as in any other european country . 
  as far as i know , v4 goverments are funding several schemes helping people in syria . 
  one can always do more . 
  the unhcr is constantly underfunded and understaffed . 
   as for the `` guys talking '' ... well , its a nature of a discussion forum . 
  when people pretend to speak on behalf of their government to offer generous aid packages it 's a circle jerk , not a discussion . 
  `` we totally want to help . 
  we just do n't want to do what your idiot country asked us to . 
  but we 'll totally help in a different way . 
  trust me , i know my government very well . '', 
  so now you are also making germany responsible for the energy security of the rest of the eu ? 
  italy alone imports half the amount germany imports from russia . 
  if you combine all the eu countries that have direct access to the ukrainian pipelines you 'll end up with 2016 imports in the ballpark of 110 bcm . 
  of that germany imported 50 bcm . 
  but that 's imports per country , not actually per pipeline . 
  nord stream already imports gas . 
  non-german countries import more through these ukrainian pipelines . 
  not sure how it 's germany 's responsibility to use the pipelines to keep them open . 
   but do n't want it from germany . 
  so now we have two arguments that contradict each other . 
  eastern europe wants to be part of a pipeline that goes to germany . 
  because then russia ca n't cut the gas supply to eastern europe 2 . 
  when faced with the choice of getting its gas from russia or germany , eastern europe prefers to be connected directly to russia . 
  the fears of being cut off suddenly vanished . 
  so did the brotherhood love for ukraine . 
  because eastern europe do n't even try to convince russia to keep the existing ukrainian pipeline open . 
  on top of that eastern europe also wants that germany stops buying russian gas . 
  which makes total sense if you argue that germany is the only reason the ukrainian pipelines are open . 
  -- but this discussion wo n't take us anywhere , we 'll see what happens . 
  have a nice night . 
  why does n't eastern europe offer more support for the unhcr ? 
  they always need money and specialists that help them run their camps . 
  they are begging for help constantly . 
  but i guess it 's so much easier to offer help on reddit because we all know that a guy from italy talking to a guy from poland wo n't end in anything substantial . 
   without nord stream there 's no need for turkish stream . 
  can you explain that ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  when germany imports its gas through poland instead of through the baltic sea , countries in southern and eastern europe need less gas ? 
  how are both projects connected ? 
   no support is not in favour . 
  one does n't have to be in favour to not cancel a project . 
  the vote will be about stopping the project , not about allowing it . 
    royal dutch shell and omv are involved in the project . 
    we 're not germany , our multinationals are not ministers and all that . 
  congratulations , you are the only country in the world that does n't act in its own economic interest . 
     austria is supportive of the tsi . 
      what 's tsi ? 
    three seas initiative . 
  the thing about supporting , or not opposing things is that it is n't black and white . 
  austria can be for tsi , nord stream 2 and turkish stream at the same time . 
  austrian companies can make money with all three projects . 
  it 's not a zero sum either . 
  you wo n't make more money with whatever infrastructure tsi plans just because you stop ns or ts . 
   because without nord stream there 's no need for turkish stream . 
  should that be `` with ns there 's no need for ts ? 
  the point is , if austria vetoes nord stream , germany will veto turkish stream . 
  maybe germany will veto the three seas initiative too . 
  because apparently infrastructure projects are now all voted upon . 
  nato members have been buying russian gas for decades . 
  it was n't a problem during the cold war , but now that the us has turned from an energy importer to an exporter it suddenly becomes a problem to buy russian energy . 
  there are two choices - you use a pipeline through ukraine , and ukraine will put your energy supply at risk because they might stop paying gazprom and just take your gas - you use a pipeline that circumvents ukraine and you put the energy supply of ukraine at risk because they ca n't take your gas when russia cuts them off i know which one i would pick . 
  but actually there 's a third choice , that nobody ever proposes . 
  - you circumvent ukraine and then build pipelines to ukraine to supply them with their gas needs from the eu poland could build more lng terminals to supply ukraine . 
  that 's how supporting real energy security looks like . 
  not allowing ukraine to take gas that was meant to flow to germany . 
  it 's basically like bild . 
  nobody reads it , yet it has a massive circulation and everyone knows what 's written inside . 
  fast food is trash , yet the stores are often full , and everyone knows what they serve . 
  that support was n't as strong as you believe . 
  not even cdu/fdp got rid of the part that forbids the construction of new nuclear power plants . 
  according to the 2009 cdu election program , nuclear energy was just supposed to bridge the time until renewables are good enough . 
  even the cdu/fdp government that abolished the phaseout of nuclear energy did n't get rid of the part that forbids the construction of new nuclear power plants . 
  i do n't get it . 
  why would merkel be concerned about that ? 
  she might fear that the us uses sanctions against european gas projects to promote us lng exports . 
  she might fear that the three seas initiative will lead to the divide of the eu . 
  she might even be afraid that the three seas initiative causes the stop of nord stream 2 . 
  but concerned about lng imports ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  for the same reason poland pays more for boys underwear . 
   i think many would be more happy with redistribution if the salaries would be equal first . 
  how sure are you about that ? 
  because the number of asylum seekers that would be relocated to a certain country depends on a large part on the economic performance of the receiving country . 
  if they improve their economy , they have to host more refugees .
