  and the german navy did send a frigate to support a french carrier group that participates in bombing runs against is . 
  does romania partake as well ? 
  or do they just tweet about being upset with terror from daesh ? 
   she 's a leader trying to command someone else 's army whether it 's the french , british or the american army . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  do you even know how nato works ? 
  it 's a reference to the current situation . 
  120,882 people , or 27 % of all people who requested asylum in germany in 2015 were from albania , bosnia and herzegovina , kosovo , macedonia , montenegro or serbia . 
  for comparison , 162,510 asylum requests were filed by syrians , and 31,902 by afghans . 
  because serbia charts 6th in the list of nationals who requested asylum in germany in 2015 . 
  26,945 of the 476,649 asylum requests that were filed were from serbians . 
  that number does not include kosovars ( another 37,095 ) . 
   because in that case merkel herself would have to come up with some actual , practical ideas . 
  you mean like passing new legislation like asylpaket i , and just a few days old asylpaket ii ? 
  he won the election because he was the only candidate that was not a member of the npd . 
  such is life in a town with 5000 residents . 
   `` the contract for the purchase of around 350 new italian armored vehicles was signed by the russian federation and italy all the way back in 2011 . 
  that 's a very important detail . 
  according to the eu regulation , entities that have contracts that were concluded before 1 august 2014 can get an export authorization . 
  -----  council regulation ( eu ) [ no 833/2014 ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=uriserv:oj.l_.2014.229.01.0001.01.eng )   article 2   1 \\ . 
  it shall be prohibited to sell , supply , transfer or export , directly or indirectly , dual-use goods and technology , whether or not originating in the union , to any natural or legal person , entity or body in russia or for use in russia , if those items are or may be intended , in their entirety or in part , for military use or for a military end-user . 
    where the end-user is the russian military , any dual-use goods and technology procured by it shall be deemed to be for military use . 
  when deciding on requests for authorisations in accordance with council regulation ( ec ) no 428/2009 , the competent authorities shall not grant an authorisation for exports to any natural or legal person , entity or body in russia or for use in russia , if they have reasonable grounds to believe that the end-user might be a military end-user or that the goods might have a military end-use . 
    ** the competent authorities may , however , grant an authorisation where the export concerns the execution of an obligation arising from a contract or an agreement concluded before 1 august 2014 . 
  **   exporters shall supply the competent authorities with all relevant information required for their application for an export authorisation . 
  the atlantic ocean . 
  it 's hilarious that the author believes that following the unhcr process to figure out who actually qualifies for refugee status is something bad . 
  of course if you only partake in unhcr resettlement you do n't have to reject any applicant . 
  the unhcr only submits people who have a right to asylum obviously . 
  you mean like arson attacks ? 
  you are a couple decades late . 
  you must have a lot of time if you want to read a news story every time someone says some stupid shit at a city council meeting . 
  hey , 6 years ago we whined about being [ invaded by poles ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qinp69q.jpg ) . 
  now we whine about being invaded by non-eu nationals . 
  that 's totally different and it 's totally okay . 
  according to other news reports , the tv station has not released footage of the actual groping . 
  convince as in ` bribe them with support for stationing nato troops in their country ' ? 
  so the church wants to reduce the number of romanians and us citizens that move to germany as well ? 
  and according to police , people are more aware and report more things . 
  even very minor things . 
  one doorman was reported to police because he asked a woman if she wants to kiss him instead of paying the 25 $ admission fee . 
  people are losing their shit about the part of the video that rtbf did not release to the public . 
   the grandfather of a schoolgirl , aged `` under 10 '' , asked bad schlema 's mayor , jens muller , what his plans were to prevent sexual assaults on children , who had already been harassed by newly arrived migrants on their way to school . 
  small correction , the grand daughter of the man who asks the question is in grade 10 , so around 16 years old . 
  i know , understanding saxons can sometimes be hard . 
  how many of the 32 countries that participate in eu freedom of movement for workers have complained about paying benefits to eu workers ? 
  more than one ? 
   `` at first they were just making faces behind me . 
  then a hand landed on my breast . 
  i was was shocked , '' said rtbf journalist esmeralda labye , describing the incident the incident that took place in the alter markt district of town . 
  [ video of the moroccan `` refugee '' wearing whiteface ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxpr-m1fq2q ) ( the groping part was not published by rtbf ), 
  shops that do n't accept high value notes usually do because they do n't have enough change in the register . 
  if a small shop would change a 500 $ note they would be out of money , and other customers wo n't be able to receive change . 
  the court ruling would be pretty predictable . 
  the plaintiff would lose in 95 of 100 cases . 
  guess to which banknote criminals who currently use 500 euro notes will switch . 
  in that case 50 $ should be the highest banknote , because 100 $ notes are not that common either . 
  half of the eu countries impose limits on cash transactions already . 
  germany will probably limit to 5000 $ soon . 
  the 3000 euro you are allowed to pay cash in belgium or the 1000 euro in france can easily be paid with 50 $ notes . 
  even the 15,000 than non-residents can pay in spain are just 3 bundles of 50 $ , total height 36 millimeter . 
  eu : we should create a relocation program to release pressure from greece , italy and hungary . 
  people : nooooooo -- eu : frontex should be able to enforce eu borders against the will of a member state people : nooooooo -- eu : we can reduce the influx of asylum seekers if we cooperate closer with turkey people : nooooooo -- people : eu ca n't deal with the crisis !!, 
  ! 1111 they should just stop the influx !, 
  that has also been suggested by experts countless times . 
  i do n't blame them for that . 
  because we even call third generation immigrants turks . 
  of course they wo n't feel german if we continue to tell them they are not . 
  you will be even more amazed once you figure out that asylum is not for people who live in countries that are at war . 
  asylum is for people who are persecuted because of their race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion . 
  and regardless of safe country status , every single asylum application is handled individually . 
  you have to provide us with your username and password , otherwise we ca n't login into your mail account . 
  seriously , you linked us the yahoo mail interface . 
  you probably wanted to link to this new york times piece : http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/03/opinion/the-west-must-stop-giving-turkeya-free-pass.html?_r=0, 
  we are interested that afghanistan does n't turn back into a complete shithole . 
  bullying does n't sound like the right way to guarantee that . 
  and bribing ? 
  so tomorrow we have to bribe every single country to do what international law requires them to do ? 
   this same happened in pakistan a month ago , when they told them they can not leave the plane and told them to fly back . 
  except it did n't . 
  pakistan told them that people with proper paperwork can leave the plane . 
  and everyone else goes back , because pakistan does n't want to accept people just because the italian government claims they are pakistani . 
   german said all people seeking refuge are welcome . 
  indeed . 
  but nobody said anything about people who do n't qualify for asylum . 
  if an afghan is persecuted in his country he will get asylum and can stay . 
  if he 's not persecuted , he is no longer a refugee and \\ #refugeeswelcome no longer applies . 
  of course not . 
  we just invested billions of euro in that country so it does n't turn totally back into a taliban infested shithole . 
  no need for good relations with afghanistan . 
  nothing bad is going to happen . 
  we all know that taliban wo n't leave the country to commit terrorist acts . 
   there should be some kind of `` axis of deportation '' between countries who want to deport the migrants who will not get granted asylum . 
  the axis of countries who want to deport migrants who do n't qualify for asylum is called `` the eu '' . 
  it 's always funny when people believe that deportations are a total walk in the park . 
  just drop them off , amirite . 
   every homeless person in this country , everyone who relies on basic income must feel like a complete idiot . 
  because they only get a free apartment for themselves instead of having to share a room with others ? 
  - guarantee for a place in a kindergarten ( 1 - 6 year olds ) that opens earlier than 7:00 and closes later than 16:00 . 
  if you want to spend much government money , make that kindergarten visit free - maternity leave with job guarantee - the ability to split maternity leave into maternity and paternity leave - a law that guarantees working parents one child-sick-day each month where they do n't require proof from a doctor ( i think denmark has something like this ) but well .
