  i have n't heard of plans to build another lng terminal in poland . 
  how did germany force that choice on them ? 
  hungary could have build a lng terminal and pipeline with croatia . 
  they already have a lng terminal , so maybe they could just have increased its capacity . 
  hungary could have build a pipeline with romania , who plan to tap new gas reserves soon . 
  i think they have or had plans to build a lng terminal too . 
  but nope . 
  they absolutely have to build a pipeline that goes around ukraine . 
  which in that case is not security relevant , because poland is n't losing transfer fees . 
   based on the latest numbers and calculations on possible economics of scale , yes actually . 
  do you know where i can read about these calculations ? 
  it 's not the lng that 's the threat . 
  it 's the sanctions that are used to promote lng . 
  companies in germany are discussing to build two lng regasification terminals as well . 
  basically yes , among many other techniques . 
  more and more gas stations have a pump that dispenses adblue . 
   but is n't pis goal to have similar solution like used in germany or netherland ? 
  as far as i know that part of the law was not vetoed by the president . 
  so you can have that . 
  just not the parts about purging exiting judges . 
  because neither the netherlands nor germany have that . 
  from ngos or from people not related to ngos who believed they would do the ngos a favour ? 
  i doubt that ngos have a huge network of die-hard supporters all over europe so they can pull things like sabotage or bribing people to request asylum . 
  the right wing just loves to blame ngos for everything . 
  `` ngos ( plural ! ), 
  conspire to falsely accuse us '' sounds so much scarier than `` local activist called the police on us '' . 
  1/10 without an accompanying travel warning by the government people will forget about that within days . 
  back then the main route was the west balkan route . 
  turkey - greece - macedonia - serbia - hungary . 
  in july 2015 the german agency for migration and refugee expected 600,000 asylum seekers in germany in 2015 . 
  that 's when hungary started to build their fence . 
  they sealed their border by mid september . 
  in 2015 , before they finished their fence , hungary registered 400,000 asylum seekers . 
  and that 's only those that they managed to register . 
  when merkel intervened in late august 2015 keleti station in budapest was already a defacto refugee camp . 
  the crisis was already on full steam when merkel `` invited everyone '' to europe . 
  people seem to forget that . 
  in hindsight merkel should have acted differently . 
  we should have teamed up with austria to block their border with hungary without further notice . 
  fences work , as hungary would say . 
  so predictable . 
  it 's always the fault of soros and his network of ngos . 
  the c-star initially did n't want to sail to northern cyprus . 
  do ngos have die-hard agents that are willing to bribe people in all countries , or did they fly ad-hoc to northern cyprus for their mission ? 
  and how could these agents identify the sailors ? 
  somebody should ask the authorities in northern cyprus if the sailors in question have had airline tickets . 
  because i honestly doubt that . 
   i 'd suppose because the royal navy ca n't guarantee their safety in libya . 
  of course , that 's the reason why no one takes them back to libya . 
  but only the ngos are criticised for that . 
  and all of that is the fault of the italian government anyway because they do n't close their ports to ngos . 
  eu navfor med has rescued more than 30,000 people in 2016 . 
  all of them were brought to italy . 
   my understanding is the royal navy withdrew from refugee policing in the med as it became too contentious . 
  they 're no longer a significant actor in this issue . 
  they are still part of eu navfor med . 
  if they receive a distress call in their vicinity they 'll rescue migrants . 
  and they 'll bring them to italy . 
   if you especially feel like throwing some mud at the uk op is british . 
  if op would have been belgian , french , german , portuguese , slovenian or spanish i would have used another country . 
  so ngos should bring people back to libya but the belgian/french/german / portuguese/slovenian/spanish / uk navy can bring them to italy ? 
  i never said they should take them to the uk . 
  but why not to libya ? 
   this ship is not going to be picking any refugees up or taking any back . 
  the crew from sri lanka just requested asylum in northern cyprus . 
  so only half of your statement is correct . 
  they wo n't take any asylum seekers back . 
  to make it more ironic , it looks like the men from sri lanka paid the captain of the ship . 
  so the captain of the ship that wants to document the cooperation between ngos and people smugglers is literally a people smuggler . 
  safe country of origin . 
  if we 're talking about safe third countries , treatment of asylum seekers and refugees will be taken into account too . 
  as a eu member greece has that status by definition . 
  regardless many courts have ruled that greece has systematic problems with guaranteeing the rights of asylum seekers . 
  that 's why dublin relocations were no longer allowed for some time . 
  or to be more precise , courts ruled in individual cases that the applicant ca n't be returned . 
  which lead to the defacto ban of these relocations . 
  authorities simply stopped requesting relocations because they believed that the applicant will appeal and the court will rule against the authority anyway . 
  greece fixed these problems , so countries have started returns again . 
  that 's your argument ? 
  that dw.com is available via tcp , which technically only supports one-to-one connections ? 
  dw.com is created by deutsche welle . 
  dw.com publishes content from deutsche welle tv . 
  dw.com has a livestream of the various deutsche welle tv channels . 
  dw.com is deutsche welle . 
  i do n't have satellite tv , but i 'm pretty sure that you can receive it via satellite in germany too . 
  in the context of asylum procedures safe country does n't mean what you think it means . 
  but do n't fret , most countries have started dublin returns to greece again . 
  let them complain and protest . 
  they 'll stop eventually . 
  we will never be able to stop the influx of economic migrants if they can chose their host country . 
  i should have said airline instead of carrier , because i meant that definition of carrier . 
  take a map . 
  now measure the distance between libya and the italian coast and nigeria/bangladesh and the german coast . 
  and no , bringing them by plane would be stupid . 
  because we detain every asylum seeker at the airport until their cases are finally decided . 
  by law their asylum application is decided within 2 days . 
  then there 's time to appeal . 
  it takes less than 14 days until a final decision , then the airline that brought them to germany is asked to return them . 
  the ruling is just about general applicability of the dublin regulations . 
  courts can still rule differently in circumstances that will actually lead to violation of the rights of asylum seekers if they are send back .
