  i just read that taylor swift donated 50,000 $ for a cancer fundraiser for a little girl . 
  that would never happen in countries with socialized healthcare . 
  bake sales and internet fund raisers for everyone . 
  the point is that they do n't receive benefits in germany , and wo n't block the asylum process or asylum facilities . 
  if they think the life of an illegal immigrant in germany is better than the life of a legal asylum seeker in poland , they are up for a surprise . 
  freedom of movement is for eu citizens . 
  refugees are not eu citizens . 
  but nobody is stopping france from investing in greece . 
  so at least they got what they paid for . 
  they would n't do it if it was risk free . 
  but only 5 hospitalizations and no gorings ? 
  we should find a way to make that whole thing more dangerous . 
  where 's the joy if nobody is killed ? 
  how can people prove that they are manly man if all they can face are cuts and bruises ? 
  which does n't make sense either . 
  because 73.1 % of that debt was written off . 
  the truth is probably somewhere in between . 
  since greece does n't seem to write off a lot of debt , the debt could carry over to the next year . 
  so after 10 years of writing off 1.6 % of the debt , greece has still open invoices for 85 % of the taxes that were n't paid during that time . 
  another one of these statistics that do n't mean anything if you do n't know the exact context . 
   and 1000 from camps from territories outside eu ( ? ) . 
  sounds like unhcr resettlement . 
  they usually pick families with children over single males . 
  i live next to a couple unhcr quota refugee families from syria . 
  they are very nice people , very grateful and modest . 
   and some will probably refuse being transfered to poland . 
  i doubt that . 
  they are currently living in refugee camps under conditions that make poland look like paradise . 
  and even if some refuse , there are a couple million people in these camps . 
  and `` collected '' means the tax authorities have written a strongly worded letter ? 
  in table 6.18 you can see how many tax debt was written off as uncollectable . 
  in 2010 for germany that number is 73.1 % of the debt inventory . 
  for greece it 's 1.6 % . 
  so from the 1.4 % of not disputed and not paid taxes in germany , 73.1 % were written off . 
  which means `` debt collected '' of table 6.17 can not mean `` debt was actually paid '' . 
  [ the dublin regulations ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=oj:l:2013:180:0031:0059:en:pdf ) are the mechanism . 
   article 18   obligations of the member state responsible    1 . 
  the member state responsible under this regulation shall be obliged to :  ( a ) take charge , under the conditions laid down in articles 21 , 22 and 29 , of an applicant who has lodged an application in a different member state ;  ( b ) take back , under the conditions laid down in articles 23 , 24 , 25 and 29 , an applicant whose application is under examination and who made an application in another member state or who is on the territory of another member state without a residence document ; --  poland ca n't keep its own citizens from moving to western part of eu ... poland does not want to keep its own citizens from moving to western part of eu . 
  because that would violate eu rights . 
  you do n't officially object against the taxes that were calculated by the tax authority . 
  but you do n't pay them . 
  at least that 's how i understand the term . 
  they wo n't receive benefits outside of poland . 
  and if they are found in another country they will be deported back to poland . 
  so maybe you should not shorten quotes then . 
   `` i am not afraid to say that political islam should be part of the picture . 
  religion plays a role in politics -- not always for good , not always for bad . 
  ** religion can be part of the process . 
  what makes the difference is whether the process is democratic or not . 
  if we can have a * christian democratic union of germany * , we can have a * muslim democratic union of germany * as well . 
  the percentage of gdp target itself sounds rather strange . 
  today we need 100 tanks to defend ourselves , if our gdp shrinks by 10 % we only need 90 tanks . 
  if our gdp increases 10 % we suddenly need 110 tanks to be able to defend ourselves . 
  at the same time the armies of our potential enemies stayed the same size . 
  but well , we have agreed on 2 % so we should achieve 2 % . 
  instead of unilaterally deciding to not meet that target , we should discuss if 2 % are necessary , inside nato . 
  sounds like external account balance , i.e. 
  export -- import . 
  i do n't have numbers for 2014 , but in the [ 2013 mip scoreboard ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/indicators/economic_reforms/eip/#/headline/ ) , germany has an account balance of 6.7 % and the netherlands 9.8 % . 
   hanefi ayd\u0131n , the turkish caterer of the christian democratic union ( cdu ) event , told daily h\u00fcrriyet that merkel has been doing it for the past years . 
  `` ** our ** chancellor 's continued interest in d\u00f6ner makes us proud and contributes to the sector , '' he said . 
  feels good to hear things like that from people that migrated to germany . 
   if greece , spain , italy , portugal and cyprus were to leave , germany would basically get handed the entire eurozone debts ( more than $ 10tn - from sovereign debt , insolvent banks and derivatives ) . 
  so they would not only leave the eurozone , they would also default on 100 % of their debt ? 
  yeah , that will totally turn these countries into economic powerhouses . 
  their cases are checked , they are almost always denied . 
  the asylum seekers appeal that decision . 
  the cases are finally rejected . 
  the asylum seekers get a letter that tells them they have to leave . 
  they get a deadline until which they can leave voluntarily , if they do n't leave they might actually be deported by force . 
  in the latter case they are not allowed to enter the schengen area within the next 5 years . 
  but the whole process usually takes a year or more . 
  for kosovo we enacted a legislation that speeds up the decision process significantly . 
  since february 2015 the cases should be finally decided within 14 days . 
  which means the asylum seekers are still in the first reception facilities , and can be deported immediately . 
  and it looks like that has actually worked , i think applications from kosovo are down a bit . 
  -- there are many criminals that take advantage of the people in the balkan countries . 
  until they left voluntarily , i was living next to a family from kosovo . 
  a distant relative told them that they should come to germany to request asylum . 
  he told them that they would receive asylum , a nice apartment , lots of money and a job , children would be able to get an apprenticeship . 
  and if they work hard they can afford a nice bmw soon . 
  basically paradise . 
  for a couple hundred euro he would set them up with people that would help them . 
  these people wanted even more money , but not problem you can pay later . 
  the reality was quite different , they spent the first months in a shared sleeping hall with something like 30 others . 
  then they were given a nice apartment . 
  a whopping 110 square meters in a soviet style apartment block . 
  only problem was that they were 12 or so people . 
  and the working opportunities they were promised ? 
  well , asylum seekers are n't allowed to work . 
  since language and integration courses were over capacity they did n't receive them either . 
  which meant their kids were not able to attend kindergarten and school . 
  the money they received was enough to survive , but not much more . 
  but they still had to pay the people that brought them ... really sad story . 
  certainly . 
  but it helps nonetheless . 
  if we have a capacity for 1000 asylum seekers , and 1200 apply , it does n't matter if the 200 we resettle to other countries are muslims , christians , or non-religous . 
  at least for us , the refugee crisis is primarily a capacity and cost problem . 
  and with that good cop , bad cop game , greece will accept measures they would not have accepted if they would have been proposed by germany . 
  thanks france , i guess .
