  the eu commission did n't just ask the us for visa reciprocality yesterday . 
  they have done so since 2014 . 
  the us have declined . 
  they want to apply their rules for all countries equally . 
  no matter if they are part of the eu or not . 
   the e.u really needs to go back to a well funded mare nostrum , and not just make italy foot the bill this time . 
  what 's wrong with operation triton and eunavfor med ( operation sophia ) ? 
  where `` to act '' can mean to organize more tripartite meetings to try to solve the issue . 
  they are n't even in europe !, 
  reply more to receive more facts about australia , brunei , canada , japan and the us . 
  japan was pretty much a non-issue , because they applied a temporary visa-waiver for romania . 
  japan now has a permanent visa-waiver for romania too . 
  they achieved full reciprocity with all eu countries in december 2015 . 
  not sure how the debate about temporary ( non-biometric ) passports was settled . 
  japan does n't want to issue visa-waivers for holders of temporary romanian passports because of security concerns . 
  romania did n't like that and complained to the eu commission . 
  japan argues that romania issues these passport too often . 
  japan believes they should only be issued in real emergency situations . 
  if that would be the case , japan would grant a visa-waiver . 
  but as i said , not sure how this was settled , and too lazy to look it up . 
  i read on reddit about the safety in portugal . 
  was very impressed . 
  i guess he did n't watch this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pbtmxsfiyk `` the one thing i regret is , i did n't knock him on his arse when i met him '', 
  no more d\u00f6ner for you !, 
  preferably american mustard . 
   anyway why would a european even consider eating fries with ketchup ? 
  because they like the taste . 
  odd concept , i know . 
  when real incomes double there 's a good chance that cost of living doubles too . 
  equivalised income , the 1032 $ are for the first adult person in a household . 
  if a child under 14 becomes involved your household is poor while having a net income of less than 1340 $ . 
  if it 's 14 or older you are poor with less than 1550 $ . 
   on the other side you have the eu saying that they are demanding the debts to be immediately be paid . 
  what ? 
  this year greece has to pay back loans to the imf , private investors , treasury bill holders and the ecb . 
  they have to pay back 15 billion euro to holders of treasury bills alone . 
  the eu is not involved in those . 
  even the ecb is independent from the eu . 
  instalments for loans given from eurozone governments do n't become due until 2020 ( 0.8 billion $ ) , starting 2021 greece is expected to pay 0.7 billion $ four times a year . 
  until 2041 , when the last installment becomes due . 
  nobody expects that greece finds 300 billion euro somewhere so they can pay back their debt immediately . 
   do you call everyone who says something you dont like a racist ? 
  only if they said racists things like `` blacks can never be european '' . 
  which brings us back to the age old question if it makes sense to define poverty as having less than 60 % of the national median equivalised income . 
  median equivalised net income in germany was 20644 $ per person per year in 2015 . 
  so if you live in germany and have a net income of less than 1032 $ per month you are poor . 
  the combination of both gets you pommes schranke , superior to both . 
  romanian , hungarian , estonian flair . 
  as the other guy said :  this kind of stuff has happened way too many times for us not to realise a pattern . 
  eastern europe seems incompatible with the values we have in the west . 
  in that case they are prisoners of war . 
  and killing them , which is probably the punishment op had in mind , would be a violation of the geneva conventions . 
  it would also be very stupid to do . 
  because then germany becomes responsible for the literal welfare leeches as well . 
  we are selfish . 
  that 's why being able to run your household without welfare payments is one of the more important requirements to gain citizenship . 
   if you have a residence permit within the eu the rule does n't apply for the simple reason you already have residency within the eu i believe ? 
  there 's no such thing as eu residency . 
  residence permits are per country . 
  but eu members ( sans denmark and uk probably ) issue longterm residence permits ( people become eligible after 5 years and more ) that gives you similar rights as eu citizen regarding free movement . 
  but you still would need to apply for a new residence permit if you want to stay in another eu country for more than 90 days . 
  but with that longterm residence permits they usually rubberstamp your residence request . 
  90 days rule still applies . 
  for the sole reason that you are n't a eu citizen . 
  freedom of movement is limited to eu citizens and their families . 
  no one else has that right . 
  since you have a residence permit of the uk you do n't even have a schengen visa yet . 
  so if your citizenship does n't qualify you for visa free access to the schengen zone , you even have to apply for a tourist visa . 
  -- from the eu immigration portal :  ### moving between eu countries during my long-term stay -- more than three months   when you stay in an eu country for a long stay , usually for more than three months , you will generally be issued with a national long-stay visa and/or a residence permit . 
    if your long-stay visa or permit has been issued by a schengen area country , you can travel to another schengen area country for three months per six-month period . 
  you must :   - justify the purpose of your stay ;  - have sufficient financial resources for your stay and return ;  - not be considered a threat to public policy , public security or public health . 
    you can also pass through other schengen area countries on the way to your host country . 
    to move from one schengen area country to another for more than three months , you will need a long-term visa and/or a permit for that country . 
  if you wish to work , study or join your family in the second country , you may have to fulfil more national conditions . 
  to travel to a country that is not in the borderless schengen area , you must get a separate national visa and meet all the necessary conditions . 
    http://ec.europa.eu/immigration/who-does-what/what-does-the-eu-do/already-in-the-eu_en#morethan, 
  that 's why poland recently introduced the concept of ` flexible solidarity ' . 
  which roughly translates to `` solidarity as long as it fits my interest '' . 
   a single entity that controls all facets of a states policies , both internal and external . 
  so germany is n't a single country because the federal government does n't set all facets of internal policies ? 
   do n't see why this has to be so complicated . 
  because countries refuse to take back their citizens . 
   except it does n't affect visas that are already issued . 
  so it 's completely different from trumps executive order . 
   i 'd rather have some european solidarity nowadays than visa-free travel to the us . 
  poland has taught me to embrace the concept of flexible solidarity . 
  so i prefer being able to travel visa-free to the us . 
   hopefully the uk will introduce them as soon as we can . 
   at least for romania and bulgaria . 
  wo n't happen . 
  since 2010ish the eu officially has a shared visa policy . 
  you wo n't get visa-free access to the eu if you do n't grant visa-free access to all eu countries . 
  the us visa policy is just getting grandfathered , because it existed since before the accession of countries that do n't have visa-free access . 
  new visa agreements will be 100 % reciprocal . 
  small correction . 
  to produce electric energy , estonia burns the oil shale directly , they do n't extract the shale oil and then burn the oil . 
  burning oil shale directly is much worse for the environment because of the all non-oil components , like limestone which releases co2 when it 's heated . 
   i 've used a 90 day tourist visa for 9 months with no problems . 
  that might change when you use the same passport to travel to the schengen area again . 
  because schengen just means that there are no systematic checks .
