  america can into eastern european peasants . 
  the i in pigs already stands for one of the big four . 
  if you fulfill certain criteria ... 
  customs union means you are n't allowed to negotiate your own trade agreements . 
  that 's the part where the eu sets external tariffs . 
  norway , switzerland , iceland and liechtenstein are n't members of the eu customs union . 
  the european union does n't have a mandate to reinforce the borders of member states . 
  the eu ca n't do things if the member states do n't allow it to do things . 
   i do n't even know why did n't they reject the application outright . 
  because you need a carrot if you want to apply ` carrot and stick ' . 
   a bit harder is changing the very european mindset that the only global significant language is english ( it 's not even the case within the us ) it is the most significant language . 
  what language would you learn if you want to communicate to people in china , indonesia , japan , brazil , mexico , us , canada , finland , france , germany , egypt and south africa ? 
  nato article 5 does not require the use of the military . 
  can you show me locals who are happy that the us army leaves a base ? 
  because here in germany the locals complain when a foreign base is closed . 
  because these army bases provide plenty of jobs for locals . 
   or move towards western eu countries ? 
  work permits are per country . 
  if you have a work permit in poland , you ca n't go to work in another eu country . 
  i doubt that there is a significant number of ukrainians that work illegally in western eu . 
   marine helicopters that rust when flying over salt water . 
  what are you on about ? 
  that the sea lions would n't be allowed to operate over water north of the 45th parallel if they would be used commercially ? 
  that 's like saying that the bundeswehr ca n't defend berlin because the leopard 2 does n't get a green pollution badge and is therefor not allowed to enter the inner city . 
   nato has more than enough military power to deal with russia . 
  hell , nato countries are so armed , that no one would ever think of attacking a nato country . 
  because a few nato countries have significant militaries . 
  guess what happens to nato if us , uk and france leave . 
  would still no one ever think of attacking a nato country ? 
   we need disarmament one sided disarmament is rather stupid . 
  you ca n't include gdp increase and exclude inflation . 
  and ** european defense contractors benefit the second most from nato ** countries that build military tech benefit from armies that invest in new military tech . 
  more news at 11 . 
  because back then these capabilities were n't needed . 
  the only relevant enemy was waiting right at the other side of the german-german border . 
  times have changed . 
  now we need international capabilities , it will be too late if we wait that the enemy crosses the german border . 
  the point continues to stand , nobody asked germany to disarm in the last 60 years . 
   - direct or indirect neighbours like poland , the uk and in the near future maybe even france who will crucify us in the media for becoming the big old fat nazi again as soon as we build up a more powerful military that persecution complex . 
  we are all in nato . 
  we have all agreed to do more . 
  france has asked us multiple times to increase our engagement in un missions . 
  basically everyone begs us to become more involved in defence . 
  we 're fighting on the same side now . 
  `` our nato partners do n't like it if we spend more on defence '' is nothing more than an excuse . 
   how well do you think that would go down with the brits and the french ? 
  very well . 
  you might have missed it , but we are n't nazi germany anymore . 
  we 're now fighting on the same side . 
  even fucking poland ( previous government ) has asked germany to increase its defence spending . 
   do n't forget german disarmament was a top priority for over 50 years after ww2 . 
  you mean 5 years . 
  in 1950 nato decided that contingents of german soldiers could become part of a european army . 
  in 1951 the us supreme commander eisenhower issued a declaratio honoris to wehrmacht soldiers , which basically made it possible that the german army could enlist them into a german army . 
  1955 germany joined nato . 
  in the same year the bundeswehr was founded , and it was supplied with weapons by the us army . 
  being on the front lines to warsaw pact made rearmament a top priority . 
   i do n't think he 's against nato the way you think he is-times have changed since trump came to power . 
  not in regards to nato . 
  the security situation is exactly the same . 
  since then the us army has started to survey former british military bases in germany which are near ports so they could reinforce nato troops in europe more effectively . 
  trump did n't order the us army to do as little as possible for nato . 
  trump will be gone in 4 years max . 
  there 's even a good chance that he 'll wo n't make it into 2018 . 
   we know have someone in charge of the biggest army that is best buddies with vladimir putin , one of the biggest enemies of the nato . 
  they are n't best buddies . 
  trump was a tool for putin to prevent clinton . 
  trump is n't controlled from moscow . 
  anyway , do you want to build an european army that could win if trump and his alleged best buddy gang up on europe ? 
  good luck with that . 
   also , how is beeing against operations in the middle east ignorant ? 
  it is because the attacks on new york have shown that terror does n't know borders . 
  if we leave al qaida and isis unchallenged , they 'll plan the next attacks against the west . 
  fuck their right to live in peace , fuck their right to self-determination if that means that they can attack us whenever they want and we are not allowed to hit back . 
   do you like the drone strikes ? 
  kids , families and other innocent people are killed pretty much on a daily basis by drones . 
  the us would n't stop their drone strikes if we abolish nato . 
  the us would n't stop their drone strike if they had to form a coalition of the willing to go into afghanistan . 
   i do n't agree with that . 
  i wish we would 've intervened in syria back in '14 by establishing a no-fly zone , which would 've ended assads power quite fast . 
  but obama was scared of political backlash and decided to leave it to the russians . 
  obama was scared because of ignorants who constantly spout shit about seizing oil , securing pipelines and killing innocent children with the sole purpose of financing the military industrial complex . 
  then pick a row where you do n't have to face someone . 
  these seats are great for groups and families . 
  and for people who want the larger table and do n't mind sitting face to face with someone . 
  back then i did n't know that it 's ` definitely ' a burqa . 
  according to an [ article ] ( https://www.zacks.com/stock/news/253235/g20-meet-begins ) by zacks equity research they are china and india . 
   if a dutch politician had been refused entry to attend some gig in istanbul , what would western commentators have made of that ? 
  what did western commentators make of the german politicians who were not allowed to visit the german soldiers in incirlik ? 
  not much besides `` it 's political posturing '' . 
  certainly not a holy war . 
  europe consists of more countries than france and germany . 
  even the uk is still part of europe . 
  and europe does n't exist in a void either . 
  we are all dealing in a global context . 
  but back to europe . 
  how can i communicate with someone from finland if german and french are the only two languages i speak ? 
  they speak finnish and swedish , or finnish and russian . 
  how is not being able to communicate at all better than finns and germans learning english as first foreign language ? 
  speaking a different language than the uk and the us just because its a different language could n't be more stupid .
