  of course it is . 
  the question is if the discrimination in this particular situation is punishable . 
  and if someone will take them to court for it . 
  i doubt that these countries will stop muslims from requesting asylum in their country . 
  but this is about resettlement of people that requested asylum in another country already . 
  that resettlement is a voluntary process . 
  so these countries say that they will accept 1000 people if they are christian . 
  and if they are not christian they will accept 0 people . 
  if a muslim feels like he should have the right to be moved from austria to slovakia , he could try to sue slovakia in front of the european court of human rights . 
  but i doubt that this will happen . 
  they just hate muslims . 
  they just move . 
  because there are no enforced borders . 
  she dug out the channel with her bare hands . 
  that 's not even edgy, 
   it 's just harmless passport checks . 
  if you are surrounded by water and your only way out is a ferry , a tunnel or a plane . 
  for countries that share a land border abolishment of schengen leads to way more inconvenience . 
  i live near the czech border , i sometimes go on bicycle trips where i cross the border on an agricultural way or just in the middle of a forest . 
  without schengen that would be illegal , because even if there is no fence you are not allowed to cross a border outside of official border checkpoints . 
  are you a criminal that wants to alter his face ? 
  or why do n't you want to cross a real border ? 
  yeah . 
  this time it will be much easier than the mission in afghanistan and iraq . 
  the libyan government is currently busy with a civil war . 
  yeah . 
  out of sight out of mind . 
  let 's just bribe a dictator . 
  who cares what happens to the asylum seekers . 
  european values . 
  and why should they agree on turning their country into a refugee center for rich europe ? 
  tunisia does n't even cooperate to take back their citizens that requested asylum in germany . 
  because these two are shitholes that do n't give a fuck about human rights . 
  good question . 
  after skimming over the [ regulation ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/html/?uri=celex:32003r0343&amp;from=en ) i think that 's not the case . 
   article 10   1 . 
  ** where it is established ** , on the basis of proof or circumstantial evidence as described in the two lists mentioned in article 18 ( 3 ) , including the data referred to in chapter iii of regulation ( ec ) no 2725/2000 , ** that an asylum seeker has irregularly crossed the border into a member state by land , sea or air having come from a third country , the member state thus entered shall be responsible for examining the application for asylum . 
  ** this responsibility shall cease 12 months after the date on which the irregular border crossing took place . 
  southern europe can not secure its sea borders without violating at least one international convention . 
  we do n't lose freedom of movement by abolishing schengen . 
  you just have to show your passport or national id at the border . 
  if you are an eu citizen you can cross without more hassle . 
  the uk does not participate in schengen , but as a eu citizen you can just move there . 
  -- but of course schengen is important as well . 
  i 'm pretty sure the talk about abolishing schengen are just threats . 
  if something happens it will be temporarily suspended . 
  which is bad enough , but not the end of the world . 
  who will be europe 's papua new guinea ? 
   they 're not theirs according to the dublin regulations they actually are . 
  ( yes , the dublin regulations are pointless and stupid , and should be abolished . ), 
  they are not . 
  actually quite the opposite . 
  thanks to schengen a poor country at the border could just say fuck it and let everyone in . 
  because that country knows all the illegal immigrants wo n't stay anyway . 
  so they would cross the next schengen-border and be gone . 
  and because of schengen the other country ca n't do anything about it . 
  the idea behind the dublin regulations was to make sure countries that have an eu-external border actually protect their border . 
  because according to the regulations , they are responsible for everyone that slips through . 
  but apparently the dublin regulations do n't really work . 
  they were made for a few thousand illegal entries per year . 
  not hundred-thousands . 
  italy and greece would leave the eu rather quickly if the dublin regulations would be used to their full extent . 
  because that means that almost all of the asylum seekers that end in france , germany or sweden could be returned to italy or greece . 
  dublin is n't really used anyway . 
  and regarding the australian model , who is going to be europe 's papua new guinea ? 
  because libya is not indonesia . 
  the latter is a safe country , libya is n't . 
  have you actually read the wikipedia link to the dublin regulation you have posted ? 
  the dublin regulations basically mean that the country of first entry into the eu is responsible for an asylum seeker . 
  in the current situation that means primarily italy and greece . 
  so if an asylum seekers is found in germany , he would be send back to italy if he entered the eu via italy . 
  in theory . 
  in practice basically all eu countries have stopped dublin deportations to italy and greece because both countries are overwhelmed with refugees and ca n't provide for them in a manner that does not violate human rights . 
  the thing that prevents push-back is the un refugee convention . 
  how do stronger borders help ? 
  what do you do with the boats in the mediterranean sea ? 
  do you ignore the un refugee convention and tow the boats back to libya ? 
  these call-in polls are always interesting . 
  according to these polls the afd would reach the absolute majority in the last elections . 
  only idiots pay 0.50 $ to have their opinion appear in the fucking videotext . 
  especially after the criticism he received for it . 
  last year in switzerland , italians were the largest group of foreign suspects . 
  and then came portugal , romania and germany . 
  these 4 countries make up 30 % of the crimes that were committed by foreigners . 
  so i guess they should cancel the treaties they have with eu . 
  source : polizeiliche kriminalstatistik 2014 ( in german ) http://www.bfs.admin.ch/bfs/portal/de/index/news/publikationen.document.191708.pdf, 
   usually it 's not one single train , as the trainrails are different in europe/russia/china , so containers have to be transferred to different trains . 
  [ or they just exchange ~ ~ axles ~ ~ bogies . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/18/bogies-exchange.jpg ), 
  lol ? 
  this is about suspending schengen not about getting rid of freedom of movement . 
  how many muslims have you talked to in real life ? 
  i 've heard that before . 
  i think it was james watt who said it . 
  that one line from his whole speech that was quoted by the telegraph . 
  something along the lines of `` i understand that there are tensions because you all live so close together , but tearing apart a quran is not acceptable '', 
  the legalities are quite easy . 
  if you follow the un refugee convention , a refugee can only loose his right to asylum if he has committed a crime against peace , a war crime , a crime against humanity ; a serious non-political crime outside the country of refuge prior to his admission to that country as a refugee ; or if he has been guilty of acts contrary to the purposes and principles oft he united nations . 
  in other words : no , the people involved in the riot do not lose their right to asylum . 
  but you can charge them for the crimes they committed .
