  it has nothing to do with migration from eastern europe . 
  the `` polish plumber '' rhetoric was just a friendly banter . 
  the situation varies between different countries a lot . 
  in whole eu , in [ q1 2015 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/e/ec/first_time_asylum_applicants_in_the_eu-28_by_citizenship%2c_q1_2014_\u2013_q1_2015.png ) , 29,100 of the 184,815 asylum seekers were from syria . 
  if we ignore the 48,875 people from kosovo that 's the biggest group . 
  in comparison , 7295 were from iraq and 3415 asylum applicant were from somalia . 
  does it come with a 150 $ fee ? 
   `` i am not afraid to go back to lebanon , '' said 36-year-old aldees maher because he knows that europe is just a boat trip away ? 
   new immigrant have to take integration and german language courses if they want stay here and/or have access to welfare . 
  ask your local charity about the waiting list of the language and integration course . 
  two years ago they were already over capacity . 
  not many additional teachers have been hired since then . 
   it is also not about tax , also in the us there is no common sales tax , it differs per state ( if i am right ) . 
  in the us the buyer is responsible for paying vat if he orders from a company that is not in his state . 
   the eu should find new markets for the eu milk . 
  cheap agriculture exports from the eu destroy farms all over the world . 
  which is pretty stupid , because functioning economies would be a good incentive so africans stay in africa . 
  if we produce too much milk we have to stop producing . 
  maybe the average price of a bottle of water is $ 1.50 if you include fancy arctic glacier water and water that was bottled by artisan monks in a french monastery . 
  i pay 0.29 $ for 1.5 liter of water . 
  back then germany was criticized for being against sanctions . 
  and now sanctions are a evil plan of germany to destroy europe . 
  we should not jump to conclusions because of misbehavior on a train ride . 
  i do n't understand that . 
  do people have the desire to talk to people who are not willing to learn their language ? 
  they are at a loss if they ca n't talk to anyone outside of their community . 
  they are the ones that are ashamed if they have to bring their children to translate . 
  honestly i could n't care less about the language someone speaks . 
   this is the same amount of refugees the british prime minister david cameron has said the u.k. will receive in the next five years . 
  topkek, 
   i wonder if there 's any good excuse for it ? 
  the size of the trash bins in the train . 
  once they are full a pile of trash accumulates in front of them . 
  the first puts his empty water bottle next to the trash bin . 
  the next one puts a couple dirty diapers next to the empty water bottle . 
  and soon you have a huge pile of trash . 
  here is how german trains look like when football fans travel : http://i.imgur.com/2zjjkiq.jpg http://i.imgur.com/njftvbp.jpg http://i.imgur.com/mg9vkty.jpg looks like the refugees are already well integrated . 
  for consumers , the single market of the eu is pretty much an illusion . 
  you have high shipping costs and huge language barriers on the consumer side . 
  and different taxes depending on buyer location , so sellers are unwilling to sell to people from different countries in the first place . 
  what we need is a merger of the major shipping company in each country to create a pan-eu shipping company . 
  add a common sales tax policy on top of that and your problems will be solved . 
  or find a niche in your country and create your own import business . 
  good enough for what ? 
  to provide them with the minimum to survive ? 
  probably . 
  money wo n't be enough to stop the incentive to go to europe . 
  they do n't go to europe to get a free flat screen tv . 
  they want to come to europe to have a future . 
  and that 's something no amount of money can buy if you live in a refugee camp . 
  we have to realize that there is no solution . 
  all we do is to relief strain from the system . 
  or maybe your government has realized that bringing people back to libya is a violation of the un refugee convention . 
  in that regard we have maneuvered us in a really shitty situation . 
  if we stop the sanctions now , putin can take the moral and the economic high-ground . 
  if the biggest economy of the world backtracks without russia giving in to any demands , ratings in russia will go through the roof . 
  and the russian people might believe that russia can get away with anything . 
  the problem is that farmers are only united when they burn barricades or dump shit on the streets . 
  when they leave brussels it 's back to undercutting prices of other farmers . 
  is n't that the whole point of posting a news article that is now over a month old ? 
  turkey has already agreed on taking back illegal immigrants that enter via turkey in return for the prospect of getting visa free travel . 
  http://www.aljazeera.com/news/europe/2013/12/turkey-eu-sign-immigration-agreement-20131216141923651609.html not sure why this does not happen . 
  maybe turkey is actually angry because some eu countries scream muslim invasion because a fraction of the refugees turkey took try to enter the eu . 
  i assume austria has no money ? 
  yeah . 
  the refugee situation was very calm before the german government stated that they wo n't enforce the dublin regulation on syrians two weeks ago . 
  until two weeks ago there was literally no refugee coming to europe . 
  greece had no problem with refugees at all . 
  all was calm . 
  and then merkel invited them all and hell broke lose . 
  if they enter the eu to request asylum , you can call them asylum seekers . 
  if you are talking about syrians or other nationalities where pretty much everyone is eligible for asylum you can call them refugees too . 
  no matter how many safe countries they have crossed , they are still refugees . 
  a refugee is a person that can not return to his home country . 
  if you are talking about people from safe countries you can call them economic migrants . 
  if you are talking about ukrainians that flee from war zone you can use the term `` internally displaced person '' . 
  of course you can call everyone that moves between countries migrant as well . 
  but keep in mind that eu citizens that move to other eu countries are migrants too . 
  spend some time in \\ / new and you will notice that not only posts from one side of the discussion are removed . 
  pro asylum threads and positive threads about immigration are removed as well . 
  and postings that are n't about immigration are removed too . 
   afaik germany has jus soli , so all they have to do is to find one stupid woman in a club , make a baby and they wont be able to be deported , because `` human rights '' jus soli only for children of legal immigrants . 
   also there is the fact they can import their entire family to eu . 
  is something gon na change on that ? 
  germany will not ignore eu directives . 
  family reunification exists in every eu country . 
  do n't blame it on us . 
  we invaded everyone . 
  that 's the problem . 
  if you do n't resettle all that want to come to europe you will not be able to `` fix '' the problem . 
  because the one that are n't picked have still the incentive to go to europe themselves . 
  there are 4,000,000 people in these refugee camps . 
  in 2020 , after the uk has resettled these 20,000 there will probably be 6,000,000 people in these camps . 
  it 's a nice gesture , and it 's really important for the 20,000 that get resettled . 
  but nobody should believe that this would be a solution , or even a part of the solution . 
  even if the whole eu would do the same and the whole eu accepts 120,000 ( uk gdp is roughly 1/6 of eu gdp ) people till 2020 , that 's just 24,000 people a year . 
  today there are 4,000,000 in the camps , and many of them want to come to europe . 
  tomorrow there are only 3,976,000 people in these camps , and many want to come to europe . 
  what difference does that make ? 
   turning the boats around to their points of origin and destroying them disrupts the people smugglers and helps save lives .
