  suddenly the imf found some decade old rule that allowed greece to bundle their payments . 
  i 'm sure that they will find a rule that allows to delay payments for 30 days if a solvent party ( i.e. 
  eu/ecb ) vouches for it . 
  did you test the airbag in your car ? 
  to be safe , do it with 80 km/h instead of 230 km/h . 
  no , it 's trolling . 
  do you have wife and kids ? 
  because i do n't . 
  not sure why this would make me a lesser refugee . 
   you ca n't really compare legal migration from eastern europe , to asylum seekers from africa . 
  legal migration ? 
  between 1985 and 1995 hundreds of thousands people from eastern europe requested asylum in western european countries . 
  in 1992 in germany 23.7 % , or 104,000 applications came from romanian citizens . 
  7.2 % or 31,600 applications came from bulgaria . 
  not comparable ? 
  and zimbabwe . 
  everyone is a quadrillionaire , but the economy is still shit . 
  create a civil war in the usa 2 . 
  put redditors in charge of italy 3 . 
  swim across the atlantic 4 . 
  request asylum and tell them you are from the us 5 . get send home 6 . stay alive long enough so you are able to sue step 1 and 2 are the most important . 
  otherwise you will be deported without getting paid or you wo n't get deported . 
  if their deportation was unlawful . 
  for example because you bring them to an unsafe country . 
  or if you do n't check if they fall under the un refugee convention . 
  if a country checks an asylum application , denies the right to asylum , grants the asylum seeker the right to appeal , denies the request again , and makes sure that the asylum seeker is not under threat in the target country , they can deport without fines and penalties . 
  i agree with him . 
  we host tons of people who are not under immediate treat . 
  and people from the balkans still think they can receive asylum in germany . 
  last year it was people from kosovo , this year it 's albania . 
  they just take up space in the refugee centers . 
  basically all of them wo n't get protection . 
  and i do n't see why we should give families special treatment . 
  we still host plenty of families from the balkans . 
  as soon as someone turns 18 we send them back . 
  if the country is safe for an 18 year old , it 's safe for families . 
  i 'm not advocating to blindly destroy the lives of people that are here . 
  but it 's time to examine the people that are here without needing protection . 
  if they contribute to society they can stay , if not we bring them home . 
  we have to become harsher on the cases that do n't need protection . 
  otherwise we risk to run out of capacity and political will to help people that actually need protection . 
  we need 110 % obviously, 
  i did nazi that coming . 
  ^ ^ actually ^ ^ i ^ ^ did, 
  it smells like referendum in here . 
  the eu/ecb vouches for the 1.6 billion imf payment and greece gets 3 months to have re-elections or a referendum . 
  and greeks can decide if they want to adapt the troika-plan or if they want to leave the euro . 
  the rule is often that civil servants are not allowed to strike , everyone else can . 
  in germany there are a couple of occupations where some people are civil servants and others are n't . 
  so if teachers or kindergarten personell is on strike , only the ones who are n't civil servants strike . 
  the nurses would probably be very happy if you make them civil servants . 
  * crickets *, 
  or the ground work to justify the lose-lose compromise that will be found the last minute ? 
  `` we know we broke our principles , but it was the right thing to do . '', 
  after like a dozen occasions were time was running out , it 's hard to believe anything . 
  i only believe in a grexit when i see it . 
  all this talk looks like scare tactics from the eurozone . 
  they know that the greek government was elected under the promise that greece stays in the euro . 
  and they certainly know that it would be better for greece if they can pull of a surprise-exit . 
  if everyone in greece knows that greece defaults in 2 weeks , it 'll turn greece into a bigger chaos than necessary . 
  greek banks must be really busy these days . 
  i stay with my opinion , it 's all part of the negotiation game . 
  greece wo n't leave the euro in july . 
  they learned from the communists . 
  democratic people 's republic of korea lao people 's democratic republic german democratic republic, 
   now , if italy were to change its policy and ask for help in returning them or stopping their crossing the mediterranean in the first place , it might get a great deal more support . 
  italys policy ? 
  you mean obeying international law and human rights ? 
  i know it 's very hard to understand . 
  but there is no legal way to send them back without checking their cases . 
  and there is no legal way to stop their entry . 
  we ca n't try the australian model , we do n't have a papua new guinea in europe . 
  and we ca n't ignore the sovereignty of libya without a un resolution , we would lose our case in ukraine . 
  the only way to solve this problem is to turn north african countries back into a functioning society . 
  which takes years if you are okay with a dictator who occasionally kills people . 
  if not , we are talking about decades . 
  the problem can neither be solved with military force nor with money . 
  otherwise it would already be solved . 
  you mean putin . 
  we can play the what-if game all day . 
  but greece wo n't leave the euro . 
  the eurozone does not want to lose greece . 
  and greece wants to stay in the eurozone . 
  these are the two important points . 
  now they just have to figure out how greece can stay in the euro . 
  greece will give in and accept the measures of the troika 2 . 
  troika will give in and accept the proposals of the greece government 3 . 
  everybody will give in a bit and a compromise is found . 
  troika pledges for the imf payment and greece holds a referendum so greeks can decide if they want grexit or austerity . 
  if you ignore the first two , all the media appearances of politicians in the last few days look a lot like they are meant to make the greek population compliant . 
  do n't leave the euro , or your country will turn into a violent hellhole . 
  `` what 's better ? 
  austerity or not being able to buy medicine for cancer patients ? '', 
  redirecting a quarter of foreign aid is a great game . 
  until you realize that you will make matters worse for many people in other countries . 
  people always request that we `` fix africa '' . 
  foreign aid tries to do exactly that . 
  there is a good chance that there will be more migrants in the long run if you slash foreign aid by 25 % just to build a utopia . 
  it 's a good sign that the eurozone started to pretend that a grexit is a viable option . 
  notice how often politicians have emphasized that in the last week or two ?
