  the eu members that have proposed the quota system have already said that the number of refugees that have been taken previously will be taken into account . 
  i guess that 's the reason why france will ( i read that somewhere , do n't quote me on that ) support the quota . 
   can they speak estonian/latvian ? 
  teach them . 
  that 's how we do it in germany . 
   spread the people out and you have a few ten thousand people who do n't speak the language all alone in a foreign land with no idea what to do and no way for the government to help them as any resources earmarked for them will be so scattered as to be useless . 
  if refugees do n't even speak the language a little bit it 's probably the fault of the host country . 
  my municipality does something similar to what you describe . 
  works pretty well from what i can see . 
  i have 3 refugee families living in my apartment building . 
  two families from syria and one from kosovo ( who actually should not be here . 
  but that 's a different story ) . 
  a friend of mine volunteers for an organization that helps refugees , so i have a little bit insight from the other side as well . 
  the asylum seekers are first assigned to a central refugee center of the district , where among other things they learn basics of the language . 
  once they leave that center they are distributed to different municipalities . 
  an organization rented dozens of cheap apartments throughout my city , refugees are placed in these apartments . 
  they usually take the number of people that could live comfortable in that apartment and double or triple it . 
  once or twice a week a social worker visits and checks if they are okay or need anything . 
  and obviously they have a list of emergency contacts where they can reach someone who can help if there is a problem . 
  during their first weeks a small bus picked them up daily to get them to a language course . 
  once the kids are sufficient in the language they will attend kindergarden and school . 
  of course together with all the german and non-german kids . 
  which in turn will improve the integration of the whole family . 
  and it will improve their language skills too . 
  and to be honest , some of these refugee kids already speak better german than a couple of german kids that live here . 
  you know what 's the best part ? 
  plenty of their german and non-german neighbors offered their help in case the refugees need anything . 
  that would never happen if there would be a central housing project with hundreds of asylum seekers inside . 
  the same people would probably demonstrate against that project because they fear the negative things that come with these project . 
  so there is not much nimby syndrome because you do n't have massive housing projects with hundreds of people . 
  and the refugees prefer the situation as well because they come into contact with the local population and they do n't have to suffer under the tensions ( e.g. 
  no privacy , violence , drugs ) that is usually an integrated part of central housing . 
  decentralized housing is most likely the better solution . 
  and if eastern europe is a little bit like east germany there should be plenty of empty and cheap apartments in small and medium cities where the refugees can live a happy life . 
  if countries are not willing to share the burden of asylum seekers there is no european unity anyway . 
   so you are saying the un forbids sovereign countries from controlling their own border ? 
  lol . 
  yes . 
  un conventions are binding . 
  countries that have ratified the un refugee convention are obliged to protect refugees that are on their territory . 
   there is no way eastern europe can justify these expenses . 
  america started the mess in the middle east . 
  they should take care of these people . 
  most eastern european countries were part of the multi-national force in iraq . 
  including bulgaria . 
  it would obviously grow if more asylum seekers enter the eu . 
  just assign them to a housing project where they can live rent free . 
  if they want to leave they have to find a way ( working is prohibited ) to get enough money so they can rent their own place . 
   who will determine the total number of refugees ? 
  that 's not the goal of this system . 
  and that would be a violation of the un convention . 
  unfortunately we ca n't ask the 20000 jews that were denied entry into switzerland during the holocaust . 
  they could probably tell you why it 's not a good idea to limit the number of refugees you want to take . 
   asylum seekers are n't idiots , they know that both wealth and their distant relative that they could use for help are located in sweden , germany , nl , etc. 
  and would head straight to the bus/train station on their first night . 
  they would not have access to all the german wealth if they are registered in hungary . 
  no legal work , no social benefits , no money , no health care . 
  nothing . 
  just a cell in a deportation centre were they can wait for the next bus back to hungary . 
   do you think that germany should `` redirect '' or redistribute 85 % of all the foreign educated and uneducated workforce that enters germany yearly to other eu countries ? 
  yes please . 
  we actually do n't need all those cheap workers from eastern and southern europe . 
  maybe russia still has some kind of separation of powers in place . 
  did you take into account that the written numbers in the original graph are kind of deceptive ? 
  for example germany does n't have 11 late transpositions and 63 incorrect transpositions . 
  they have a total of 63 open cases , and 11 of them are because of late transposition . 
  the quota just manages how the asylum seekers that reach the eu are distributed among the member states . 
  this is not about limiting the number of asylum seekers . 
  because that only works if you are a country like canada ( thousands of miles of water and a country that does not produce refugees around you ) . 
   anyway this is your issue hungary is just an enter point no one wants to be here anyway they all go straight to western europe and we will send them back to hungary . 
  and hungary pays for the transfer . 
  you just have to work for three months ( that 's the time the asylum seeker spends in a [ reception center ] ( http://www.deutschlandradiokultur.de/media/thumbs/6/603523bad309f102dca2744ba24aa025v1_max_635x357_b3535db83dc50e27c1bb1392364c95a2.jpg ) ) . 
  after that you can get hartz 4 as long as you want ^ conditions ^ apply . 
  which means 399 $ and a free apartment . 
  which is better that being an asylum seeker . 
  single persons who apply for asylum do n't get apartments , they live in central housing with shared bedrooms . 
  families get apartments ; i have such a family in my house . 
  12 people in a 120m ^ 2 apartment . 
  today he says things like `` 27 million russian soldiers lost their lives fighting against the fascist germany '' and `` russia has never attacked a western country '' . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/-fbdpxdtjlk?t=3m55s ), 
  and a refugee will work even cheaper than the eu citizen from eastern europe . 
  and he will complain even less about the violation of labor and safety laws . 
  and of course if refugees would be allowed to work , rich countries would get even more asylum seekers . 
  if you undercut the price of a citizen you should do it in a rich country with high wages . 
   you ca n't make them stay where you put them !, 
  of course not . 
  but we do n't have to provide permanent housing for them if they are illegal . 
  this alone would ease the situation in germany a lot . 
  and we do n't have to give them money and food stamps . 
  we can use that saved money to arrest them . 
  then we put them into deportation detention , until their bus leaves to their assigned host country . 
  rinse and repeat . 
  let 's see who gives up first . 
  once they figure out that they will be deported quickly they stop coming back . 
  that already worked for the asylum seekers from kosovo . 
   it would be better to just send them back and maybe set up camps in the middle east for genuine refugees . 
  that idea is so good that it is already happening . 
  naturally . 
  because most people ca n't afford to flee to europe . 
  around 250,000 syrian refugees came to europe .
