  please be at the subway station 90 minutes prior the departure of your 15 minute trip . 
  -- and then the terrorist places a bomb on the train tracks . 
  you ca n't prevent terror attacks . 
  that 's the unfortunate truth . 
  we do n't need more security theater in our daily lives . 
  and another new account . 
  how many accounts do you create per day ? 
  maybe the pilot is an immigrant . 
  now it 's 110 % relevant . 
  you do n't want them in their country ? 
  process their applications and deport them . 
  problem solved . 
  if it 's so easy why is n't the uk doing this ? 
  process , deport , repeat . 
  that 's the whole point of this quota . 
  you wo n't be forced to grant them asylum . 
  you can deport as many as you want . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3hy3up/antiimmigrant_sweden_democrats_still_the_third/ ? 
  and now ? 
  so how many accounts do you have ? 
   i just wonder where this perception of paradise comes from . 
  from people that offer to bring them there . 
  i was living next to a family from kosovo . 
  a `` distant relative '' asked them why they do n't go to germany . 
  they would receive asylum . 
  and with that they get a free apartment in a nice big city ; father gets a job where he would work hard and earn good money ; the children would attend kindergarten , school and soon university . 
  but it 's complicated to go to germany alone . 
  so the distant relative referred them to a friend . 
  for only a couple hundred euro per person he would bring them to germany . 
  they were kind of surprised after they 've arrived in a small town in east germany and they were told that their chance for asylum is less than 1 %, 
  if reddit was amazon we would see this in the sidebar : users who downvoted this post , also upvoted [ anti-immigrant sweden democrats now the biggest party , according to poll ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3hty3a/antiimmigrant_sweden_democrats_now_the_biggest/ ? ), 
  ~ ~ 130 $ ~ ~ 143 $ in germany is pocket money . 
  no matter how little net income a family in bulgaria has . 
  the minimum subsistence level obviously depends on the country , not on the amount of money . 
  if you buy things in germany you have to pay german prices . 
  and you have to buy plenty of things . 
  contrary to popular believe refugees do n't get that many freebies . 
   as you may not know we lost a lot of teritorry and population in the wwii you started great argument . 
  i have to agree . 
  since we started wwii everything we do is literally holocaust 2.0 . 
  even if we do the same things as poland . 
  individuals might be at risk . 
  but there wo n't be religious cleansings . 
  isis does n't round up all christians in these camps to kill them . 
  if i were the unhcr i would make a simple deal that helps everyone . 
  if you take twice the amount of people you can choose the religion . 
  a recent phenomenon that started 50 years ago . 
  yes , it can probably be reversed . 
  you just have to find the thing the motivates people to change their conscious decisions . 
  many people have searched for it . 
  but i can guarantee you that neither fear of extinction nor the phantasy of the muslim-infested `` new germany '' is that magic bullet . 
  does canada go into the battlefield to pick up people ? 
  because i think they receive refugees that are chosen by the unhcr for resettlement . 
  and these refugees currently live in refugee centers in relatively safe countries . 
  nobody faces literal extinction in these centers . 
  if what you say is true i do n't understand why all the eastern and central european countries oppose the asylum quota . 
  obviously everyone would go back west anyway . 
  truth is that this would be more than enough help . 
  the refugee that is registered in estonia is not a burden on our social system . 
  that 's the most important thing . 
  they wo n't receive financial benefits . 
  they wo n't receive housing . 
  they wo n't receive integration courses . 
  and we can use all these resources to cater for refugees that are registered in germany . 
  and if the refugee is checked by the police they will be deported back to estonia . 
  because immigrants and refugees do n't have freedom of movement . 
  freedom of movement is limited to eu citizens . 
  no it 's not a taboo . 
  this is a topic since decades . 
  but germans do n't have children because they do n't want children . 
  source : am 30 year old german , know how few people in my social circle want children . 
  i see . 
  if poland gives a free apartment to ukrainians it 's okay . 
  and of course in this case it does n't matter that someone from eastern ukraine is not a refugee according to the un refugee convention because the western part of ukraine is safe . 
  but if germany gives free apartments to refugees it 's the cause for all the deaths . 
  the goods refugees receive are mostly donations from other people . 
  old clothes , third-hand bikes and other shit . 
  refugees have to buy stuff they need from their own money . 
  in germany someone who has received asylum can apply for citizenship after 6 years . 
  requirement for that is that you pass a test about german language and german culture , called the integration test . 
  you need to be able to support yourself and your family , i.e. 
  you can not live of social benefits , you actually need a job that pays for your whole family . 
  and the money they receive is ... wait for it ... pocket money . 
  130 $ per person . 
  if you think that 's more than their whole life earnings you have n't seen much of the world . 
  and these people live in germany , they have to pay german prices . 
  maybe it 's time to create two teams . 
  team `` asylum '' that hosts asylum seekers . 
  and team `` actual solution '' that implements the solution that will solve the crisis once and for all . 
  and what does that mean ? 
  how do we end the crisis ? 
  sharing the burden is the only thing that is realistic . 
  erecting safe zones in libya or peace enforcing in syria are pipe-dreams . 
  did the 300,000-400 ,000 ukrainians apply for asylum ? 
  but discrimination does . 
  not inside schengen . 
  there is no systematic border control . 
  border police has the right to stop suspicious people on the way to or from the border . 
  but there are n't any checkpoints where a border guard looks at every person that crosses the border . 
  a couple days ago someone posted an article with great pictures of borders inside the schengen area : [ europe 's disappearing borders by valerio vincenzo ] ( http://www.amusingplanet.com/2015/08/europes-disappearing-borders-by-valerio.html ),
