  if china closes all factories that produce for us companies for a one-day safety inspection , the us stock market would take a deep dive . 
  he does that for a reason . 
  because eu is supranational , and they have a high priority on a fair market and equal treatment . 
  if you want to build a nice golden hotel that violates some rules , it 's way easier to convince the national authorities to change or ignore the rules than it is to convince the eu to do so . 
  in front of the national authorities you can argue that your project will be good for the economy , that you will create jobs , and that the government will make money . 
  you wo n't be able to do this in front of the supranational body that prioritises a fair and equal market over monetary gains in one country . 
  if i had to guess : for one of his projects he asked for things that are considered illegal state aid in the eu . 
  without the eu , the government could just give these subsidies . 
  that 's why , in his eyes , the eu has to die . 
  it values fair treatment of market participants over shady back-room deals . 
  germany has a higher net migration rate of eu citizens than the uk . 
   eu really should have given britain an opt out on freedom of movement considering how popular the uk was as a destination and how very few brits ever wanted to live elsewhere in europe . 
  what a great idea . 
  it would only take 27 years and there would be no freedom of movement at all . 
  because one eu country will always be the most popular destination . 
  and btw , you would n't even be first in that list . 
  germany has a higher net migration rate of eu citizens than the uk . 
  we should organise a minute of standing ovation . 
  that will please the trumpster . 
  and it will be `` america first , the consortium second '', 
   the receiving state is not obliged to give reasons to the sending state for a refusal of agr\u00e9ment . 
  and these deals ca n't be used for blackmail because ? 
  probably talking about the possibility to restrict freedom of movement for the first 7 years after a new country joins the eu . 
  the total budget of the eu asylum , migration and integration fund is 3.137 billion euro for the period 2014-20 . 
  so something like 450 million euro a year . 
  -- the latest list of awarded grants the eu has published is from [ 2014 ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/home-affairs/sites/homeaffairs/files/what-we-do/networks/european_migration_network/docs/list_of_2014_awarded_grants_to_the_european_migration_network_national_contact_points.pdf ) . 
  many people in germany will think that you mean thousand dollars when you write t$ . 
  they did . 
  and the municipalities also had to spend their own money . 
  many municipalities had to take loans to build accommodation . 
  they now have the problem that they have to pay back the loans , but they do n't get money from the state/federal government because the accommodations are no longer necessary . 
  to be fair , the large media presence we give loudmouths like farage make it sometimes hard to distinguish between certain politicians and the uk . 
  if we 're smart we keep the us americans out of this , trump lost the popular vote by 2.8 million votes . 
  if he 's a real ambassador his sending is covered by the vienna convention on diplomatic relations , so the eu has to accept him before the us can appoint him as ambassador . 
  the host government can also declare them a persona non grata , and the sending nation must recall them . 
  a host nation is by no means required to accept an ambassador that shows hostilities to the host nation . 
  after all embassies are a way to promote friendly relations between countries . 
  -- related articles of the convention :  article 4   1 . the sending state must make certain that the agr\u00e9ment of the receiving state has been given for the person it proposes to accredit as head of the mission to that state . 
   2 . the receiving state is not obliged to give reasons to the sending state for a refusal of agr\u00e9ment . 
   article 9   1 . the receiving state may at any time and without having to explain its decision , notify the sending state that the head of the mission or any member of the diplomatic staff of the mission is persona non grata or that any other member of the staff of the mission is not acceptable . 
  in any such case , the sending state shall , as appropriate , either recall the person concerned or terminate his functions with the mission . 
  a person may be declared non grata or not acceptable before arriving in the territory of the receiving state . 
   2 . if the sending state refuses or fails within a reasonable period to carry out its obligations under paragraph 1 of this article , the receiving state may refuse to recognize the person concerned as a member of the mission . 
  four years form now trump wo n't set the tone anymore . 
  but there 's a good chance that by then we have destroyed the us-eu relationship long term if we answer hostilities of trump and his swamp with hostilities against `` the anglos '' . 
  trump lost the popular vote by 2.8 million votes . 
  it 's safe to say that trump does n't speak for the american people . 
  as far as i know an ambassador has to be approved by the host government . 
  i should buy some popcorn to be prepared for the tweet storm that will break loose when the eu rejects that guy . 
   the uk is much like the usa the countries that make it up have been united for centuries . 
  because nobody listened to people like you centuries ago . 
  \\ / u/intense \\ _ wizardry \\ _ in 1750 : kingdom of great britain is shit because it has n't existed for centuries !, 
  for the eu-turkey deal germany has to contribute 428 million euro until 2019 . 
  fluchtursachenbek\u00e4mpfung covers basically everything that was done outside of germany . 
  according to the actual [ report ( pdf , german ) ] ( http://www.bundesfinanzministerium.de/content/de/monatsberichte/2017/01/downloads/monatsbericht-2017-01-deutsch.pdf?__blob=publicationfile&amp;v=5 ) another 2.3 billion euro were spent in syria , part of the contributions that were agreed in the syria conference in london . 
  but that broad term covers basically everything that was done outside of germany . 
  resettlement from italy and greece is covered by that . 
  the payments for the turkey deal ( total of 428 million $ until 2019 ) . 
  the syrian refugee resettlements from turkey to germany as part of the same deal . 
  germany also still does resettlement of syrians from other countries . 
  the thw that builds refugee camps is also part of that number . 
  material that is send to refugee camps is counted as well . 
   and believe that europe would be stronger without such an organisation and why would europe be stronger that way ? 
  22 of the 28 eu members are in nato . 
  austria , finland , ireland and sweden do not only exercise with nato , they deployed units for nato-led isaf in afghanistan , and they are part of nato-let kfor in kosovo as well . 
  eu members that are n't part of nato also participate in the eu battlegroups where they exercise and work together with other member countries . 
  the coca cola i 'm drinking right now is made in germany , but is it a german product ? 
  the macbook i use to type this is made in china , but is it a chinese product ? 
  in my opinion both are american products . 
  otherwise the bmw x3 that my neighbor drives would be an american product because it was made in usa . 
  keep in mind , we 're not talking about tariffs and duties here , but about a boycott . 
  boycotts are usually done by some sort of `` country of ownership '' rules instead of country of origin rules that we use to determine tariffs . 
   that way you 'll get only more killers . 
  should be easy to find this out . 
  the european prison systems are all based around prevention and rehabilitation . 
  while the prison system in the us is based around prevention and punishment . 
  homicide rate in europe should therefor be much higher . 
   how exactly does an individual with such a criminal past find decent work ? 
  you do n't tell your future employer that you are a convict . 
  there 's no legal requirement to tell them , and most jobs just do n't ask for your criminal record . 
  your employer is also not allowed to ask in a generic way if you were convicted . 
  since that 's a illegitimate question you are allowed to lie . 
  they are however allowed to ask about specific convictions if a conviction would make you unsuitable for the job . 
  for example if you want to become a truck driver , they are allowed to ask if you were convicted of a traffic related crime . 
  or if you want to become a cashier and the employer asks if you were ever convicted of a property crime . 
  in that case you have to answer and are not allowed to lie . 
   air travel if you insist on flying british airways . 
  lufthansa and aer lingus have direct service to frankfurt , air france has direct service to paris . 
   what is the eu supposed to do about it ? 
  threaten to start issuing blocks ? 
  ban public entities and businesses from storing data in the us . 
  that 's basically what we had between the collapse of the safe harbor principles and privacy shield was created . 
  nobody enforced it though . 
  because the majority of american things that are sold in europe are made in europe or china . 
  not buying american things will be incredibly hard . 
  maybe he means the years before hungary joined ? 
   the european union is a pretty exclusive club . 
  with minimum standards in regards to democratic principles . 
   or are we saying that in a club of equals , some are more equal ? 
  the motto of the eu is literally `` in varietate concordia '' , in english : `` united in diversity '' .
