   we 're a transit country for the new pipeline project ? 
  i thought it would connect hungary to turkish stream via bulgaria and serbia ? 
   so we do n't really care if the gas comes from russia , mediteranean ( cyprus or israel ) or caucasus ( some country ending in stan ) . 
  if hungary has the choice and does n't care , why is it pursuing the project together with gazprom ? 
  hungary is in v4 , so one would expect that gazprom is the last choice if there are multiple partners available . 
   could you tell the same about germany and ns2 ? 
  nope . 
  unlike hungary , germany did n't throw a dice to figure out to which country the pipeline should connect . 
  we made the deal with gazprom because they offer cheap gas , and have been a reliable partner for decades . 
   was it hungary calling for countermeasures against us or germany and its lapdogs ? 
  because hungary knew that germany would call for countermeasures ? 
  if it comes to a vote hungary will vote like germany . 
  you know , because both projects would violate the us sanctions . 
  how am i proving your point ? 
  eastern europe joined the eu at a time when it was already forseable that a project like nord stream will happen on way or another . 
  that either means that it was n't a problem for them back then , and that whole spiel about solidarity started much later . 
  or it means that their ow callous interest was more important than the security of eastern europe . 
   so what you are saying is that canceling ongoing projects with russia because they annexed crimea is out of the question . 
  that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  but that ongoing projects are n't stopped was a requirement for many countries . 
  for example italy had an ongoing deal about selling military transport vehicles to russia . 
  they completed that deal under the sanctions . 
  without that grandfathering of existing deals there would have been no eu sanctions . 
   interesting . 
  so at what point canceling them would be okay ? 
  stopping energy trade ? 
  never . 
  basically everyone in the eu buys russian gas . 
  if the energy trade would have been part of the sanctions the eu would not have sanctioned russia . 
  nope . 
  but since both our countries want to build new pipeline projects , what about hungary ? 
  the hungarian project would be violate the us sanctions as well . 
  italy may oppose nord stream 2 because they think it will have a negative impact on their economy . 
  but judging by their interest in the turkey-greece-italy interconnect which will connect them to turkish stream they do n't oppose gazprom projects on principle . 
  and as far as i know the us sanctions do n't mention north stream 2 . 
  they mention all new pipeline projects that help russia export gas . 
  which would include the interconnector . 
  heck , not even the v4 are speaking in one voice . 
  in early july hungary announced that they 'll pursue a new pipeline project to connect them to russian gas . 
  i doubt that they 're ready to give up on these plans . 
  in january sweden announced that they would allow the constructions vessels access to the harbours of karlshamn . 
  not the actions of someone who strongly opposes a pipeline either . 
  the eu is way more divided than most people believe . 
  it 's not germany vs. 27 others . 
  not at all . 
  maybe it 's the flag of the eu-15 . 
   check your facts well said . 
  a project to deliver gas from russia to northern germany was planned long before eastern europe joined the eu . 
  if the north european gas pipeline would have been so problematic for eastern europe they should have made the abolishment of the project part of their requirements for joining the eu . 
   north transgas oy was formed in 1997 by neste ( later fortum ) and gazprom to plan , construct and operate the north european gas pipeline from russia to northern germany across the baltic sea . 
    https://www.fortum.com/en/mediaroom/pages/fortum-sells-its-stake-in-north-transgas-to-gazprom-.aspx --  the original pipeline project started in 1997 when gazprom and the finnish company neste ( in 1998 merged with imatran voima to form fortum , and 2004 separated again to fortum and neste oil ) formed the joint company north transgas oy for construction and operation of a gas pipeline from russia to northern germany across the baltic sea . 
  [ 7 ] north transgas cooperated with the german gas company ruhrgas ( became later part of e.on ) . 
  a route survey in the exclusive economic zones of finland , sweden , denmark and germany , and a feasibility study of the pipeline was conducted in 1998 . 
  several routes were considered including routes with onshore segments through finland and sweden . 
  [ 8 ]   on 24 april 2001 , gazprom , fortum , ruhrgas and wintershall adopted a statement regarding a joint feasibility study for construction of the pipeline . 
  [ 9 ] on 18 november 2002 , the management committee of gazprom approved a schedule of project implementation . 
  in may 2005 , fortum withdrew from the project and sold its stake in north transgas to gazprom . 
  as a result , gazprom became the only shareholder of north transgas oy   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nord_stream#history, 
  we 're talking about international waters here . 
  russia does n't need a pipeline as an excuse to put a vessel into international waters . 
  and about sweden : https://www.euractiv.com/section/energy/news/sweden-ready-to-provide-port-for-nord-stream-2-construction/, 
   security concerns should have a higher priority than business . 
  so how many of the `` thirteen eu member states have protested against the nord stream project , ** saying it will divert trade and transit revenues away from them ** and increase european dependence on russian gas for decades to come '' have concerns about security and how many just fear that they make less money ? 
  and if we 're talking about energy security , one has to decide between security for germany and security for ukraine . 
  the two are basically mutual exclusive . 
  the ukrainian security to have access to gas consists of taking gas that was supposed to go to germany out of the pipeline . 
  which is a risk to german energy security . 
   not eu . 
  stop saying this lie . 
  germany is not whole eu . 
  and germany is not the only country that is interested in building pipelines that help russia to export gas . 
  nord stream 2 itself is a multinational project of german uniper and wintershall , english-dutch shell , austrian omv and french engie . 
  recently hungary announced that they also want a new pipeline with russia . 
  italy and greece have an interest in the turkey-greece-italy interconnector which would connect both countries to turkish stream . 
  hungary and austria have signed a memorandum on the construction of the tesla pipeline , which should connect turkish stream to austria . 
  then we should top the gas trade completely . 
  apparently the only problem is to build a new pipeline . 
  if we increased imports through the existing pipelines everything would be fine and dandy . 
   hungary did you miss the news that they want to build a new pipeline with russia too ? 
  how much schnaps do i have to drink so `` russia provides 40 % of germanys gas '' rhymes with that ? 
  how sure are you about that ? 
   \u00a7 3 agg   ( 3 ) harassment shall be deemed to be discrimination when an unwanted conduct in connection with any of the grounds referred to under section 1 takes place with the purpose or effect of violating the dignity of the person concerned and of creating an intimidating , hostile , degrading , humiliating or offensive environment . 
  sounds like the sign could be covered by that . 
   safety of the members inside is not a good thing ? 
  if safety would be their concern they would check every person that wants to enter the gum . 
   i lock my doors for the night , is that discriminatory to my neighbors , i do n't want them in my home uninvited after all . 
  what a stupid analogy . 
  as a private home owner you can totally reject entry to everyone with a migrant background . 
  a business ca n't reject customers because of their ethnicity . 
  and if you lock your door you want to keep your german and your non-german neighbours out . 
  where 's the discrimination ? 
  do you think it would be discrimination when the gym just closes forever ? 
  i ca n't find an actual listing of the actual 11 rules , but here 's what ansa says about the rules :  the first rule is the `` absolute prohibition '' for humanitarian ships to enter libyan waters , which can only be reached `` if there is a clear danger for human life at sea '' . 
   the ngos are then asked not to make phone calls or send luminous signals to facilitate the departure and the embarkation of boats carrying migrants , with `` the obvious intention of not facilitating contacts with traffickers '' . 
   among the other obligations is that of not transporting migrants on other ships , be they italian or belonging to international organisations , except in an emergency situation . 
   and after rescues the ngo ships `` will have to complete the operation by taking the migrants to a safe port '' . 
   they are further asked not to hinder search and rescue ( sar ) operations by the libyan coast guard , to make known the funding sources for their rescue activities , and to notify their flag-flying country 's maritime coordination centre of the intervention , `` so that this state is informed on the ship 's activities and can assume responsibility also for the purposes of maritime safety '' . 
    http://www.ansa.it/english/news/politics/2017/07/17/italys-migrant-ngo-code-of-conduct-ok_6255c72b-281e-4f18-9acd-fc1c9a95a575.html, 
   etc. . . allowed 400,000 asylum seekers to enter the schengen area before finishing the fence , made 400,000 asylum seekers leave to austria , very successful in wasting tax money on a stupid referendum , likes to spend taxes on anti-soros and anti-eu posters , manages to built a gas pipeline with russia without getting criticised by poland, 
  only if you are into the paying compensation to rejected customers business .
