  it 's a stupid reality show about asshole teenagers who are sent to a family that is supposed to change their attitudes by showing them how to follow rules and how to do hard work . 
  in the two cases i linked they are sent to some poor family in rural romania . 
  a lot of cringe is involved . 
  it 's a version of the british [ the world 's strictest parents ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_world%27s_strictest_parents ), 
  horrible . 
  i 'm getting raped by a migrant as i 'm writing this . 
   not an area of expertise , but i do n't understand why db going under results in the euro ending . 
  all that talk about the new favorite doom scenario of everyone , is based on some false understanding of how all that stuff works . 
  somehow the hypocrisy of germany would cause massive trust issues in the eurozone because apparently rules do n't apply if they involve germany . 
  and without trust in the eurozone , the euro will end . 
  but that 's not based on reality . 
  if italy wants to bail-out its banks they can do that . 
  but italy has to do a bail-in first . 
  which means that the holders of specific assets will lose money . 
  unfortunately in the case of italian banks that includes many pensioners , because these banks sold them banking products that are n't covered by the deposit insurance ( which protects the first 100,000 euro in your bank account ) . 
  that 's why italy does n't want to do that bail-in first . 
  but doing that is a prerequisite for a bail-out . 
  but it 's not germany that stops them from doing that . 
  they are stopped by an eu regulation that had to be transposed into national law until 2016 . 
  germany has also transposed that eu regulation into national law . 
  and if there 's a bail-out of deutsche bank , it will only happen after a partial bail-in of asset holders . 
  the bail-out can then be done in a way that neither violates german law nor eu rules . 
  and it does n't cause trust issues with the euro either . 
  the eu regulation was n't created by complete idiots who believed that no bank will ever need a bail-out again . 
  it was created to prevent that banks rely on too-big-too-fail . 
  the goal of the eu regulation obviously was n't to destroy economies and the eurozone . 
   can you please explain to everyone here how the german government plans to raise $ 217.321 b in cash in under 5 days ? 
   by issuing bonds that do n't have negative rates . 
  i doubt that these bonds would be available for more than a few hours . 
  the eu legislation that only had to be transposed into national law until the beginning of 2016 ( germany has similar legislation since 2010 ) , says that banks have to bail-in first . 
  at least partially . 
  once that has happened bail-outs can happen . 
  and begging spain and italy does n't void german laws . 
  bailing-out deutsche bank without a bail-in violates german law . 
  period . 
  we are n't talking about rules like they exist under the stability and growth mechanism . 
  we are talking about an eu regulation that was transposed into national law . 
  and afd would have a field day suing the government if they ignore these laws . 
  but bailing-out deutsche bank after a partial bail-in neither violates national law nor eu rules . 
  italy 's problem is that their banks basically lied to their customers so they thought they were buying banking products that are covered by the deposit insurance scheme . 
  but they are n't covered . 
  unfortunately for these investors , many of them pensioners , these products would lose some or even all of their value in a bail-in situation . 
  i believe deutsche bank does n't have that problem . 
  i doubt that there are many regular people that will suffer from a bail-in plan for deutsche bank . 
  hilarious , is n't it . 
   i hate this shit , we are not vampires yep . 
  you 're gypsies . 
  ^ ^ ^ \\* duck & cover \\*, 
   they should have a scared straight program where benefit `` queens '' and `` kings '' from western countries get sent to a small town in romania for a month , where they play a game to see what it 's like to work yourself to exhaustion for http://www.kabeleins.de/tv/strengsten-eltern-der-welt/videos/2-vorschau-die-strengsten-eltern-rumaenien-clip http://www.sat1.de/tv/die-strengsten-eltern-der-welt/video/59-terrorzwillinge-in-rumaenien-clip asshole teenagers are sent to `` the strictest parents in the world '' . 
  romania is also included . 
  trash docutainment vom feinsten . 
   the financial statements are audited . 
  if you have some knowledge the rest of the market do n't know ... then please let us all know . 
  or at least use it for personal gain and invite us all on a trip to mexico . 
   at this point in time the final goal was planned to be the deportation of all jews from the annexed territories to a territory at the eastern border of poland . 
   the concentration camp victims were just waiting for their deaths which was a huge psychological torture , indeed , but at least they would n't be worked to death extermination through labour was a big part of the holocaust as well . 
   or made to bear -40 celsius . 
  in auschwitz and other camps they used people for medical experiments . 
  people were infected with diseases . 
  surgeries without anesthesia . 
  various poisonous substances that were injected into your body , your blood , your eyes or your genitals . 
  you might have heard about mengele . 
  he had a lot of things in his mind that make freezing in -40 celsius look like the better way to die . 
  if the czech republic would have the economy of germany it would work for them as well . 
  but someone who decides to move abroad for work generally does n't pick the czech republic if they can earn more by simply moving a few hundred kilometers further away . 
   it only really works for english speaking countries given most peopels second language is english . 
  and yet germany has the highest net migration rate of eu citizens in the whole union . 
  eurostat uses the exact same method to calculate unemployment rate in every country . 
  this method is often different from the method the national government uses . 
  they could decide what to print on the banknotes . 
   deutsche bank shares continue to be almost entirely in free float . 
  around 99 % of the bank 's shareholders in 2015 were private investors . 
  at the end of 2015 , retail investors held 19 % ( 2014 : 20 % ) of the share capital , while institutional investors held 81 % ( 2014 : 80 % ) of the subscribed capital of $ 3,530,939,215.36 . 
    https://www.db.com/ir/en/shareholder-structure.htm, 
  are you at least 1/64 mexican ? 
   they should be free to go where they want to . 
  that is their humanitarian right . 
  except when they want to go to the eu . 
  then they should be kept in turkey . 
  at least if they are n't highly skilled . 
  the idea behind the un refugee convention is n't that the host country gets a cheap migrant workforce . 
  if germany wants a cheap migrant workforce they can easily recruit them from poor parts of the eu . 
  if we look at the easy-system , which distributes asylum seekers among the german states upon their first contact with authorities : - 91,671 entered in january 2016 - 61,428 in february - 20,608 in march - 15,941 in april - 16,281 in may - 16,335 in june - 16,160 in july - 18,143 in august total : 256,567 keep in mind that there more registrations in the easy-system than there are actual people . 
  the 1.1 million number was also from the easy-system . 
  and in which instances is that cost not reimbursed by the person who benefits ? 
  when i order something on amazon a tiny part of the price is for the road toll that is paid by the shipping companies . 
  when i hire a plumber , he 'll include the road toll he has to pay in his price calculations . 
  and so on . 
  everyone with a car registered in germany gets a vehicle tax rebate . 
  because everyone has to pay toll . 
  no matter how often you use the autobahn . 
  the license of your car is void if you do n't pay the toll . 
  for electronic systems the eu actually works to make the systems compatible . 
  the initiative is called the european electronic toll service . 
  [ toll collect ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/toll_collect ) , the german toll system for trucks can use gps . 
  trucks that have an on-board-unit get automatically billed for the driven distance on toll roads . 
  they hoped that they can export that system to other countries . 
  but that did n't happen . 
  i think in germany having radiators in tap water systems is against the rules . 
  we would n't risk to contaminate tap water with a radiator .
