  do n't blame the eu that you brits ca n't read . 
  until yesterday juncker was merkels puppet , and he pushed the franco-german agenda . 
  today juncker is merkels archenemy that hinders germany 's conquest of europe , so he must be replaced by a puppet that will push the franco-german agenda . 
  2.6 liters per 100km would be better than 99.9 % of the brand new cars that are currently sold in europe . 
  17 mpg is 13.84 liters per 100 km 15 mpg is 15.68 l / 100 km for comparison : 2.6 l / 100km would be 90 mpg, 
  the port of hamburg is looking forward to non-eu netherlands . 
  i also love that another politician who wants an exit to control migration uses norway and switzerland as examples of successful countries outside the eu . 
  germany and the netherlands want to use the dutch support ship karel doorman together . 
  germany does n't have one , and the dutch ca n't ( or do n't want to ) afford the one they have . 
  the eu is collapsing `` in two years '' since its formation . 
  it 's basically the apple of the political unions . 
   but it turns out he meant there are n't any next to the border on the finnish side . 
  almost everyone forgot about that poem by now . 
  thanks for reminding us that it exists mister erdowahn . 
   the way to go would be to work towards normalising relations and get rid of the boycotts . 
   no problem . 
  if russia and ukraine implement the minsk agreement the sanctions will be gone . 
  if the uk is no longer in the eu it becomes harder to keep both . 
  but as long as the uk is in the eu they can generally keep both . 
  that plan is to respect the decision of the british voters . 
  there were countless voices that pointed out these lies . 
  people actively decided to ignore these voices . 
  they were called fearmongering . 
  yep , it 's all a franco-german conspiracy . 
  the brits never wanted to have a referendum . 
  and they never wanted to leave the eu . 
  they also do n't dislike the eu . 
  now they are kicked out of that oh so wonderful eu by france , germany and juncker . 
  the franco-german-juncker agenda prevails . 
   the uk has the advantage and disadvantage of speaking english . 
  it would he harder for immigrants to move to many other countries in the eu simple because of language . 
  everyone seems to learn english . 
  yet germany has a higher net migration rate from eu citizens than the uk . 
  nobody cares about the language . 
  it 's all about the economy . 
  the usa . 
   the eu does n't even manage to protect it 's outside borders . 
  so individual countries have to protect their own borders again . 
  and why is that ? 
  because individual countries did n't give the eu a mandate to protect borders . 
  as a reminder , the actual number of law enforcement officers frontex has : 0, 
  the sanctions matter . 
  but apparently north stream is n't covered by the sanctions . 
  the eu does n't have a full embargo on russia . 
  did the soviet union have an equivalent to eu article 50 ? 
  be aware , they communicate in english . 
  but he will be able to enjoy freedom of movement . 
  i thought germany profits from a weak euro ? 
  german law does not allow marriage between two partners of the same sex . 
  how should gay couples that have been legally married in the netherlands or in ireland be treated by the german law ? 
  should we consider them married or not ? 
  more fire power basically . 
  article 42.7 teu  if a member state is the victim of armed aggression on its territory , the other member states shall have towards it an obligation of aid and assistance by all the means in their power , in accordance with article 51 of the united nations charter . 
  this shall not prejudice the specific character of the security and defence policy of certain member states . 
    commitments and cooperation in this area shall be consistent with commitments under the north atlantic treaty organisation , which , for those states which are members of it , remains the foundation of their collective defence and the forum for its implementation . 
  nato does n't `` assert dominance '' , it defends members when they are attacked in nato territory . 
  here 's the [ nato treaty ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/official_texts_17120.htm ) . 
  read it and find that passage about `` defense at the border '' . 
  the situation in ukraine is not a threat to nato , so nato should n't get involved . 
  it would be something different if russia would have a military campaign in ukraine so they can reach poland . 
  but that 's not what is happening . 
  nato is a defense pact . 
  invoke article 4 or 5 and convince nato that the situation is a threat to you ; or find your own coalition of the willing and go to war . 
  fuck the eu !, 
  correct . 
  the first part at least . 
  uk -  germany 9.8 % of uk exports germany -  uk 7.1 % of german exports uk -  france 5.7 % france -  uk 7.3 % uk -  nl 7.2 % nl -  uk 9.7 % lets use the not-going-to-happen scenario . 
  that trade falls to 0 . 
  germany would lose 7.1 % of its export market . 
  france would lose 7.3 % of its export market . 
  the netherlands would lose 9.7 % of their export market . 
  and the uk ? 
  they would lose 22.7 % of their export market . 
  who suffers more ? 
  the uk economy makes up roughly 17.6 % of the eu economy . 
  if trade between the uk and the rest of the eu decreases , it 'll almost always be the uk that suffers more . 
  not in absolute values , but relative to the economy . 
   if germany would spend according to the guideline , it would have the biggest military in europe . 
  it goes without further explanation why this is not wanted . 
  no it does n't go without further explanation . 
  because all these countries that would be oh so scared of world war iii germany have begged germany to spend more on its military . 
  nato is a mutual defense alliance . 
  it 's purpose is to defend nato members . 
  why the fuck should we start to defend countries that are n't nato members ? 
  if you want to fight in ukraine , convince your parliament to send its own military . 
  ask poland and the baltics if they want to participate . 
  nato is a collective and mutual defense alliance . 
  it defends its members from attacks . 
  or to be more precise , its members defend other members . 
  ukraine is not a nato member . 
  hence , no defense from nato . 
  would be funny if the uk leaves the jurisdiction of the echr . 
  the list of european countries that do n't participate would read like this : - belarus - vatican city - kazakhstan - uk, 
   ukraine is not part of visegrad four . 
  as far as i remember it is not part of eu yet . 
  ukraine , turkey , norway and macedonia participate in eu battlegroups without being eu members . 
  https://www.premier.gov.pl/en/bratislava-declaration-of-visegrad-group-heads-of-government.html  we will continue with preparations of the v4 eu battlegroup to be on standby in the first semester of 2016 with participation of ukraine . 
  -- thanks for making me search , wikipedia was lacking a bit and only showed one standby battlegroup per semester . 
  the eu has the complete list : http://data.consilium.europa.eu/doc/document/st-9872-2016-add-1/en/pdf - 2016-1 : pl , cz , hu , sk , ua - 2016-1 : el , bg , cy , ro , ua - 2016-2 : uk , fi , ie , lt , lv , se , ua - 2016-2 : de , at , cz , ie , hr , lu , nl, 
   but with so much refugees within your borders you now at least have some kind of leverage .
