  a standing army of 1 million . 
  lol the bundeswehr ca n't even fill all the currently open positions . 
   because of the ww2 terms of defeat germany is limited to 200 000 troops no . 
  [ two plus four treaty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_on_the_final_settlement_with_respect_to_germany ) . 
  and the limit is 370,000 soldiers . 
  in 1985 the bundeswehr had 495,000 soldiers . 
  which was pretty close to the 500,000 limit that was agreed in the [ bonn -- paris conventions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bonn\u2013paris_conventions ) ( signed 1952 ) . 
  many do n't realize it , but kfor continues to be a thing . 
  there are around 4600 international soldiers under un mandate in kosovo to prevent that these tension turn into something worse . 
  indeed . 
  human decency is . 
  but france and the uk , and many others , are actively searching these wasters as well . 
  and guess where they bring the asylum seekers . 
   what did isis say in may ;   `` ramadan , the month of conquest and jihad . 
  get prepared , be ready to make it a month of calamity everywhere for the non-believers . 
  and by that they meant `` do your terror acts it in the months that are n't ramadan '' ? 
   it is said the `` swat counter-terror police '' are prepping to storm the place . 
  the `` swat counter-terror police '' is the [ sek ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/special_deployment_commando ) . 
  the sek is a subdivision of the state police . 
  according to wikipedia the berlin sek units are used 500 times a year , in north rhine-westphalia they have 900 operations per year . 
  they obviously do a lot of things that are n't related to terror acts . 
  like serving arrest warrants if the suspect could be dangerous . 
  of course they get involved in cases that involve a gunman . 
  if people who like green would be oppressed , harassed and marginalized by state and non-state actors , and if countries would deny rights red-likers have to green-likers such demonstrations would be totally justified . 
  these parades will stop once homosexuals have the exact same rights , and once homosexuals are n't harassed and be taught that `` love and sex should be private ( if they involve gay people ) '' . 
   call me homophobic or a grumpy northerner easterners , we call you easterners . 
  everything else is implied by that . 
  and as a german defense minister once said , the security of germany is defended at the hindu kush . 
  and the netherlands are most affected by it . 
  from the article :  `` i will work to ensure that the dialogue with turkey does not occur solely via megaphones and microphones and cameras . ''   `` there is no alternative -- even if it is difficult in these times -- but to return to a direct dialogue with turkey . ''   `` i am focused on how to manage the relationship with turkey in this difficult situation and what we can do for those who have been arrested . '' sounds very rational . 
  stop blaming the eu for failures of your corrupt government . 
  the eu wo n't block the uk from joining eea anyway . 
  it 's the easiest solution for the eu . 
  because nothing changes in regards to trade and worker rights . 
  but eea membership is coupled to conditions . 
  like freedom of movement for workers . 
  no it does n't . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jus_soli  ## unrestricted jus soli   - no eu country in that list    ## restricted jus soli   - france : children born in france ( including overseas territories ) to at least one foreign parent who is also born in france automatically acquire french citizenship at birth . 
  children born to foreign parents may request citizenship depending on their age and length of residence ( see french nationality law ) . 
   - germany : an exception to the increasing restrictiveness toward birthright citizenship , germany , prior to 2000 , had its nationality law based entirely on jus sanguinis . 
  ** now , children born on or after 1 january 2000 to non-german parents acquire german citizenship at birth if at least one parent has a permanent residence permit ( and had this status for at least three years ) and the parent was residing in germany for at least eight years . 
  **  - ireland : on 1 january 2005 , the law was amended to require that at least one of the parents be an irish citizen ; a british citizen ; a child of a resident with a permanent right to reside in ireland ; or be a child of a legal resident residing three of the last four years in the country ( excluding students and asylum seekers ) ( see irish nationality law ) . 
   - portugal : a child born in portuguese territory to who does not possess another nationality is a portuguese citizen . 
  also , a person born to foreign parents who were not serving their respective states at the time of birth is a portuguese citizen if the person declares that they want to be portuguese and provided that one of the parents has legally resided in portugal for at least five years at the time of birth . 
   - spain : a child born in spain to foreign parents may acquire spanish citizenship jus soli if either one of the parents is a permanent resident and legally domiciled in spain at the moment of the child 's birth . 
   - united kingdom : since 1 january 1983 , at least one parent must be a british citizen or be legally `` settled '' in the country or upon the 10th birthday of the child regardless of their parent 's citizenship status ( see british nationality law ) . 
   because right off the bat you got a family member with the nationality that 's not how it works in germany and most of europe . 
  you asked who would do it . 
  i thought we are going to be business partners . 
  any reason for posting an article from 02 feb 2016 ? 
   and for example slovakia wo n't give even tiny bit of damn about german car industry 's needs . 
  considering that 41 % of the industrial production in slovakia comes from the automotive industry , their needs are pretty much aligned with germany in regards to the car industry . 
  slovakia is also the number one in produced cars per capita . 
  worldwide . 
  - plan a is to be dependent on the goodwill of turkey . 
  - plan b is to be dependent on the goodwill of morocco . 
  what 's plan c if morocco decides they want visa free travel ? 
   there would be pogroms in northern europe under these conditions . 
  according to their very own graphic , in all polled eu countries except the uk the majority is neither for a favorable nor an unfavorable deal . 
   what feels so idiotic about trump ? 
  he does n't think before speaking . 
  that makes him an idiot . 
  why would morocco agree to that ? 
  the unhcr regularly begs for money . 
  the eu member states are very good at ignoring that . 
  in 2015 the unhcr had a 1.6 billion us-dollar funding gap for their help regarding the situation in syria . 
  so they were not able to provide for all syrian refugees in an adequate manner . 
  1.6 billion dollar . 
  that 's 0.01 % of the eu gdp . 
  and then we wonder why refugees do n't want to stay in unhcr camps . 
  the sad truth is that the eu and its member states do n't care about refugees until they set foot on eu soil . 
  greece would be quite thankful if we would deter asylum seekers by resettling them to the eu country with the lowest hdi . 
  bulgaria would be pissed though . 
  the trick is to host them in a way that guarantees their human rights and dignity but not more . 
  do n't give them money , not even pocket money , give them shelter and everything they need . 
  while their applications are checked they are detained and ca n't leave the premises of the refugee center . 
  those without valid claims will be deported right away . 
  those with a right to asylum get mandatory language and integration courses and if they pass tests for these courses they get a work permit . 
  but they do n't get access to the non-contribution welfare system . 
  if they do n't have a job , they have to live in the refugee center . 
  no free apartment and no money for the newest smartphone . 
  but free shelter , food , clothes and education . 
  and suddenly being an asylum seeker in the eu is no longer that attractive . 
  and suddenly it no longer matters where in europe you are because if you do n't have a job you will just get the basics that are the same union-wide . 
  but nope . 
  better we destroy greece so we can save money that we would n't have to spend if we would n't shower anyone who reaches our countries with money . 
  in that case we should relocate them to a eu country with a lower standard of living than greece . 
  and soon everyone who does n't work in a supermarket or in the agricultural sector gets fired . 
  yes , refund . 
  that 's basically how it works , at least in reputable establishments . 
  though it would be more honest to say that 's how it works in theory . 
  as you said , not every prostitute can afford to reject clients . 
  but my old ladies cunt licking business would work on that principle . 
  there 's a difference between being handsome and neglecting personal hygiene . 
   because refugees are not boxes that you shift around at will . 
  works pretty well in germany . 
  i live in bumfuck , saxony and i doubt that any asylum seeker would choose this town instead of going to berlin . 
  yet there are plenty here . 
  almost like asylum seekers are self-loading boxes that can be shifted around at will . 
  it would work on a eu level as well .
