  and if police asks you for your papers you are put into a jail cell until your plane to portugal leaves . 
  once an asylum seeker is registered in portugal they wo n't receive any help in any other eu country . 
  outside of portugal they are an illegal immigrant who ca n't benefit from all the wealth around them . 
  their only options are basically prostitution and crime . 
  so what 's your suggestion ? 
  there is no other way without trampling on human rights and the un refugee convention . 
  we could try to turn africa and the middle east back into european colonies , this time because of humanitarian reason . 
  but i doubt that this will be cheaper than processing asylum requests and hosting legitimate refugees . 
  according to the article he applied for a visitor visa to speak at a mostly irrelevant event . 
  he did not apply for asylum . 
  those `` shitty radical immigrants '' are actual asylum seekers . 
  you ca n't deny their requests , because they do n't apply for a visa , they request asylum . 
   yeah ... turns out maybe blogger dude had a good reason of wanting to gtfo ... maybe he should have stated that . 
  instead he applied for a visa to speak at an event . 
  do they check your schengen visa before boarding a plane to europe ? 
  otherwise he could have boarded a plane to europe . 
  once you are in europe you can apply for asylum . 
  people are just looking for someone to blame . 
  these murderers would have just killed him two weeks later , after he returned from that event . 
  if his intention was to apply for asylum requesting a visa to speak at an mostly irrelevant event was a dumb idea . 
   give up what ? 
  the protection offered by nato ? 
  as far as i know having active military is a requirement for being part of nato . 
  ( iceland is exempt because of their strategic position ) nato is definitely the more reliable defense partner . 
  eu will still debate if estonia is worth saving while nato forces are already deploying to estonia . 
   and also , how fast do you think nato would be able to bring in enough forces to counter the aggression ? 
  how many are enough ? 
  the nato very high readiness joint task force aims to deploy 5,000 troops within 48 hours . 
  they should be able to keep the enemy back until the 30,000 troops of the nato response force arrive . 
  maybe we should go all-in on craziness and try to build the hundreds of meters wide granite cylinders that are lifted 100 meters out of the ground . 
  `` instead of pumping the water uphill , we pump the water below the hill and we lift the hill '' https://youtu.be/m3p_daudvi8?t=8m10s, 
   nobody gives a damn where the energy comes from , if a country decides not to sell to country c , country c will buy from country b which buys from the first country . 
  if we would have a power network that could handle these kinds of loads . 
  unfortunately we do n't have that . 
  that 's what i meant when i said that we need a true interlinked network that makes it impossible to cut off countries . 
  we already have a power network all over germany . 
  in theory the northern most point is directly connected to the southern most point . 
  yet we still need a huge power line to connect the souther energy consumers to the northern energy producers . 
  because the regular distribution network in the middle of germany is not designed to transport all energy that is needed in the south . 
  not until you can guarantee that the energy germany imports from portugal ( or any other country for that matter ) wo n't be used as a bargaining measure during the next financial crisis . 
  if you can control the energy of a country , you control the whole country . 
  so i guess until we have a true integrated european power network that ca n't be abused to cut off countries we prefer to be self-sufficient . 
  i 'm not implying that portugal , or italy , or spain , would have threatened to cut us off . 
  though i 'm not so sure about the other country with high solar potential . 
  they have used worse threats in the past few months . 
   what is needed is a campaign that shows how deluded those people are in expecting that will be able to build a life in europe . 
  and the people smugglers will tell them that we lie to them to so we do n't have to share our wealth . 
   2 ) minimal wage in germany is iirc 8,5 euro/hour so if you get there and somehow get work , then you will get your investment back in 945 work hours ( 118 work days 8 hours each ) , and after that it 's pure profit . 
  the `` somehow '' part is the hard part . 
  nobody employs an illegal immigrant with a fake visitor visa if they can employ a eu worker ( there are plenty of eastern europeans that would love to work in germany ) for exactly the same wage . 
   our migration office ( tax payers money ) just paid 46 000 sek ( ~ $ 5000 ) a month for an apartment to house a refugee . 
  how do they justify that ? 
   additionally in switzerland we ca n't send refugees back to italy because they ca n't provide even a minimal protection to these refugees . 
  that should be the situation in germany as well . 
  and italy is not alone , same is true for hungary and greece . 
  courts have ruled that these countries are not able to provide for refugees in a way that does n't violate human rights . 
  which is a `` great '' way to avoid the quota . 
  treat your refugees like shit until courts rule it would violate human rights to assign a refugee to your country . 
  it 's weird . 
  i read that the number is not taken into account in the same source where i read that the number of asylum seekers will be taken into account . 
  currently it looks like the media is reporting different things . 
  let 's wait until we get a primary source for the proposal . 
  so process their applications , deny their request , deny their appeal and deport them . 
  yes , that 's possible . 
  and each country can use their own judgement as long as it does n't violate the un refugee convention . 
  but the work itself would be illegal . 
  companies who hire them can be charged up to 500,000 euro . 
  the number of companies who are willing to do that was already quite low because we now have access to plenty of eu workers who are willing to work hard and cheap . 
  those were the people that were hired illegally before the east european countries received freedom of movement . 
  now we have minimum wage , which requires a tremendous amount of paperwork which will be checked thoroughly . 
  because of the minimum wage , the authorities have increased the number of on-site inspections as well . 
  all those illegals that think they can get a part of the german wealth will be disappointed . 
  you do n't understand . 
  you share the same culture of `` not being in the eu '' . 
  so there ca n't be `` deculturation '' . 
  all these refugees clearly should be in turkey . 
  the uk social safety would collapse with 70000 extra people ? 
  holy shit . 
  sounds like a default is imminent . 
  you better delete your post before moody 's and s&p see it . 
   the truth is it 's because they cause problems that certain people refuse to admit until they are forced to face up to it . 
  let me guess . 
  islamic extremism . 
  right ? 
  in reality the problem is much easier . 
  taking refugees cost money . 
  a lot of money . 
  easily in the tenthousands per refugee and year . 
  i 'm pretty sure italy does n't have much spare change to house all refugees that come to the eu by boat . 
  asylum is an all or nothing problem . 
  either you have ratified the un refugee convention or you have n't . 
  if you have ratified it ( like all eu countries ) you have to protect refugees . 
  to be able to deny refugee status to people who are not under threat you have to figure out who is a refugee . 
  to do that in a way that does n't violate the un convention you have to offer initial protection for everyone who claims to be a refugee . 
  once they are safe you can process their applications , and you can send everyone home who is n't under threat in their home country . 
  refugees are not eu citizen , they do n't have the right of free movement . 
  hungary could grant each asylum seeker citizenship if they guarantee to leave the country . 
  but i doubt that they will do that . 
  the eu would probably not use that particular system . 
  the system from the op is what is currently used in germany to distribute asylum seekers to the different german states .
