  like that terrorist who drove the truck into the crowd in berlin . 
  the terrorists are already among us . 
  if people turn into terrorists just because we put them into a european prison , we should get rid of them even faster . 
  i doubt that many non-extremist people will turn into terrorists if you imprison them . 
  our prisons are n't guantanamo , they wo n't be tortured . 
  they will be put into jail until they cooperate with authorities . 
  the majority will decide to do so within the first week . 
  morocco is n't that bad if your alternative is a jail , even if that jail is in germany . 
  -- if you do n't pay your debt , and you refuse to state your wealth and income to the court officer , a judge can order to put you into jail until you give your statement . 
  same can be done if you refuse to give a witness statement in front of a court . 
  not sure why it ca n't be done if you refuse to cooperate with authorities that want to identify you . 
  many of the first reception centers could be turned into detention centers rather easy . 
  no need to put them into actual prisons . 
  an asylum center they ca n't leave should have a similar effect . 
   how exactly do you ensure they do n't come back ? 
  hire some boarder guards that prevent unregistered entry ? 
  that company no longer exists . 
  sad . 
  according to the [ finnish defence ministry ] ( http://www.defmin.fi/en/tasks_and_activities/resources_of_the_defence_administration/finances/share_of_defence_budget_of_gdp ) , they spend 1.37 % of their gdp on its military . 
   i 'd rather see the member states spend 1 % exclusively on nato than 2 % on the military in general . 
  what does `` spend exclusively on nato '' mean ? 
  might have something to do with the water . 
  as long as we do n't have to pay for it ... 
    european governments must be clear : if the us wants to pursue unilateral trade or tax policies that threaten our companies , jobs and tax revenues , then we will change our trade policies and corporate tax rules in response . 
    this is backward , trump seeks to * respond * to your protectionist policies . 
  you started this shit . 
   can you elaborate ? 
  you ca n't remove trump from the equation . 
  if obama would be on his third term , we would n't even have to ask the question . 
  because it was not necessary to make concession to the us to have good relations with them . 
   die linke voters prefer a leftist candidate over a conservative , oh the tone of surprise . 
  except if it 's merkel against gabriel . 
   because we sure as hell wo n't accept more loss of sovereignity and that 's the reason why there wo n't be a fiscal union . 
  nobody wants it . 
  the would-be receivers do n't want to give up sovereignty , and the would-be contributors do n't want to pay without co-determination . 
   maybe spending according to the extent of the territory that has to be defended would be a more reasonable approach . 
  so spain has to spend more than germany on defence besides having roughly a third of its gdp ? 
  and poland has to spend more than the uk while having roughly a fifth of its gdp ? 
  how is that more fair than spending 2 % of their gdp ? 
  since we are talking about spending money , a percentage of gdp is a very reasonable metric . 
  as the child of poor and uneducated people i find this reproductive elitism highly offensive . 
  if only we had a common entity that could create common rules for such things so people could use the same environmental sticker in germany , france , denmark , austria , the czech republic and all the other countries that will come up with the idea . 
  good thing there 's also another nato target that countries agreed upon . 
  to spend 20 % of the defence budget on equipment . 
  for me trump does n't seem to be an emperor guy . 
  more like someone who placards his office walls with as many certificates and awards as he can get . 
  most likely trump wo n't even run for a second term . 
  he already has the title president , no need to do more work than necessary . 
  many of these jobs will be killed by automation the day they are returning to the us . 
  a business that is forced to return to the us because of punitive tariffs , will not build a factory for human workers if they have the choice . 
  trump likes to state that he is responsible for the return of businesses to the us . 
  but that 's not true , many businesses have been playing with this idea for quite some time . 
  in the us , in germany , and basically in all other developed countries . 
  made in america sells products , and if you can replace 10,000 chinese factory workers with 100 workers and a dozen automated assembly lines in the us you might be able to offset the additional costs with more sales because you suddenly have a better image . 
   remind me , how many days are left of his term ? 
  https://howlonguntiltrumpleaves.com just 208 weeks , 12 hours and 50 minutes . 
  - do n't make inauguration crowd size your number one agenda for the weekend - do n't make inauguration tv ratings your number two agenda for the weekend - do n't make your staff ~ ~ lie ~ ~ present alternative facts to the media , do n't threaten the media - learn some diplomacy instead of stirring up hostilities with other countries - solve your conflicts of interest - do n't compare your intelligence community to nazi germany - watch some hollywood movies to learn about the cia memorial wall - do n't act like a insecure narcissist , and leave your claqueur squad at home and for fucks sake try to not look like someone who hates the job from day one, 
  they wo n't question or explain anything . 
  the_donald is a safe space for trump fans . 
  if you question trump you 'll be banned . 
  no matter if you were the biggest trump fan a week earlier . 
  they 'll continue to make awesome memes . 
  and if they ca n't meme something good about trump , they 'll make negative memes about everyone else . 
  according to the article member states should set their own minimum wages . 
  but they should be reasonable when doing so . 
  good . 
  i 'm sure we 'll see each other in the relevant thread . 
  100 $ that they wo n't be dropped in 2017 if russia does n't implement minsk ii . 
  you might have missed my question last time you were ranting about german schools where history lessons basically consist of german guilt and nothing else : which specific curriculum are you talking about ? 
  what state and which school system ? 
  because we basically learned about all that stuff that you want to see in history lessons . 
  we learned about communist gulags , we learned about atrocities during the colonial times , we learned about the internment camps for japanese in the us . 
  granted , we skimmed over many of these things , for obvious reasons none of that was handled as extensively as the third reich . 
  in ethics lessons we spend a couple hours were we tried to distinguish between guilt , shame , and the responsibilities of post-war germans . 
  we had a critical look at the victim complex that many germans adopted after the war . 
  we discussed if germans were the first victims of hitler , we discussed if germany was defeated or liberated . 
  we tried to figure out if it was plausible that germans did n't know about the holocaust . 
  the options to prevent a third reich were part of social lessons , where we learned how the grundgesetz was shaped and discussed things like censorship and party bans in the context of the `` wehrhafte demokratie '' concept . 
  maybe i had really good teachers in a really good school in a really good state . 
  but without looking at specific curriculums we wo n't have a solid basis for discussion . 
   fillon told the newspaper , arguing instead for an economic partnership and the convening of a security conference once russia respects the minsk peace accord for eastern ukraine . 
  so does that mean `` economic partnership now . 
  and security conference after minsk ii is implemented '' or `` economic partnership and security conference after minsk ii is implemented '' . 
  because the latter has been merkels stance from the beginning . 
  the sanctions will end and russia will be back to the table once minsk ii is implemented . 
  and the quote is from merkel . 
   the german chancellor has meanwhile only spoken publicly of mr trump once , when she said shortly after his election victory : `` we europeans have our fate in our own hands . '', 
  `` by reddit regular ''  just devalue your currency !, 
  is this part of their strategy of `` targeted provocations '' ? 
  i doubt that they will win many voters with such proposals , i mean , provocations . 
   what country would n't place backdoors in its licensed/leased technology ? 
  how sure are you that you will be able to hide that backdoor from the intelligence community ? 
  if they discover that backdoor , you might have to pivot your weapons exports to north korea . 
  pension funds , insurance funds , individuals and businesses , and of course banks . 
  even you could lend your government money by buying government bonds . 
  yeah . 
  i 'm sure he is one of the big profiteers from that tax avoidance scheme . 
  similar to how you and i have profiteered from vw 's emission cheating . 
  crime statistics are derived from actual criminal cases . 
  to get statistics that are comparable between countries you need harmonised criminal law .
