  but that 's beside the point . 
  the usa has an even bigger trade deficit with germany . 
  and they do n't get special eu privileges for that . 
  that 's the point . 
  punished as in `` treated like any other country that is n't a eu member '', 
  canada had the right idea of having a massive ocean between them and the countries of origin of most asylum seekers . 
  it 's not the voluntary resettlement that prevented an asylum seeker influx to canada . 
  sweden and many other eu countries participated in voluntary resettlement of women , families and ( real ) children as well . 
  that did n't stop anyone from coming to sweden on their own . 
  there 's a reason you linked zerohedge instead of eurostat . 
   about 500k ukrainians for start . 
  how many of them received asylum ? 
   we need to make sure that the people that we negotiate with will be the same all throughout the process . 
  if we assume the negotiation process takes 2 years that means the uk will never leave the eu . 
  there 's no 2 year period where no important eu country has general elections . 
  - france , germany 2017 - italy 2018 - eu 2019 - uk 2020 - germany 2021 - france 2022 - italy 2023 - ... to just name the largest economies . 
  what 's stopping you from moving to scotland or the uk ? 
  sounds like a lot of work that can be circumvented by going to `` the internet '' to order a burkini from a eu country that is n't france . 
   but she could time it to trigger article 50 at a time where the eu is being pounded by crisis after crisis ( migrants , greek economy tanking , eastern ukraine flairing-up , etc ) , where the eu 's attention would have to be divided . 
  and because the eu is the most stupid institution in the universe they will say `` uk , we trust you , do whatever you want . 
  we 're busy so you can write the deal yourself '' instead of `` we will halt negotiations for now '' . 
  there is no magic `` the more prepared partner takes it all '' clause . 
  there are no default options . 
  the uk wo n't get a better deal if negotiations stall . 
   whereas the eu would be playing catch-up . 
  or the eu says `` we 're not ready to start negotiating yet '' , and the 2 year minimum negotiation time will run out without any actual negotiations . 
  because india , pakistan and nigeria are the most populous members of the commonwealth of nations . 
  it 's naturally to come up with those . 
  way more natural than thinking canada , australia and new zealand when talking about the commonwealth . 
  days ? 
   for the same reason that you ca n't walk into any store with a balaclava/skimask . 
  in germany , no law is stopping you from doing exactly that . 
  but that would be illegal !, 
  and why shops generally are n't allowed to open on sundays . 
  it 's also why the tax authorities of germany collect taxes for the churches . 
  fun fact : according to the german agency for asylum and migration , 18 poles requested asylum in germany in 2014 . 
  [ migration report 2014 ( pdf , german ) page 204 ] ( https://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/publikationen/migrationsberichte/migrationsbericht-2014.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ), 
  the same elements that waived the penalties for violating eu debt rules a couple weeks ago ? 
   the whole plan of saving french and german banks would not work . 
  and why would that be ? 
  from the perspective of the currency system what 's the difference between `` giving greece money so they can give it to french and german banks '' and `` giving money to french and german banks without giving it to greece first '' . 
   the easiest way to get rid of dual citizenship is for countries to do what some countries do : extraterritorial taxation ( like the united states ) or military conscription . 
  germany 's problem are n't dual citizenship germans who live abroad . 
  the problem are people who have turkish ( to name the largest group ) and german citizenship , live in germany but feel a stronger connection to turkey than to germany . 
  except it 's not . 
  budget surplus ! = account surplus . 
  the former is about the money the government earns ( i.e. 
  taxes ) and spends . 
  the latter is about trade . 
  there is no rule that forbids a budget surplus , regardless how large it is . 
   also i find it sad that in an european subreddit , not a german one , the most upvotted comment praises a repeated violation of the rules that deeply hurts the peripheral economies of the eurozone . 
  there is no rule that forbids having a budget surplus . 
  because both `` stories '' are part of the new civil defense concept that the interior ministry will present today . 
   during demonstrations, 
   illegals passing through switzerland will just go italy -  austria -  germany instead . 
  border controls between austria and germany have been tightened since last year . 
  and everyone else switches to engelbert strauss . 
  let 's ask nato . 
  [ nato press release -- defence expenditures of nato countries ( 2009-2016 ) ] ( http://www.nato.int/nato_static_fl2014/assets/pdf/pdf_2016_07/20160704_160704-pr2016-116.pdf ) estimated defense expenditures 2016 : - usa : 664058 million us dollars - canada : 15395 million us dollars - uk : 60374 million us dollars - nato total : 918298 million us dollars . 
  us , uk and canada spend literally 80 % of the nato total . 
  but not in the way that they are proposed in germany . 
  where the police officer can decide when it 's time to turn them on or off . 
  they must be always on , and there must not be a way to delete the recorded footage . 
  because as we 've learned in the last year , there is no way for someone who wants to request asylum in the eu to move from turkey to greece . 
  the border between the two countries is basically impenetrable . 
  how do we call the 1 million people that left germany in the same time ? 
  an exvasion ? 
  1.2 % of your country actually moved to germany in 2015 . 
   article 3 of the [ treaty on the final settlement with respect to germany ] ( https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/treaty_on_the_final_settlement_with_respect_to_germany )   ( 1 ) the governments of the federal republic of germany and the german democratic republic reaffirm their renunciation of the manufacture and possession of and control over nuclear , biological and chemical weapons . 
  they declare that the united germany , too , will abide by these commitments . 
  in particular , rights and obligations arising from the treaty on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons of 1 july 1968 will continue to apply to the united germany . 
    ( 2 ) the government of the federal republic of germany , acting in full agreement with the government of the german democratic republic , made the following statement on 30 august 1990 in vienna at the negotiations on conventional armed forces in europe :   ** `` the government of the federal republic of germany undertakes to reduce the personnel strength of the armed forces of the united germany to 370,000 ( ground , air and naval forces ) within three to four years . 
  this reduction will commence on the entry into force of the first cfe agreement . 
  within the scope of this overall ceiling no more than 345,000 will belong to the ground and air forces ** which , pursuant to the agreed mandate , alone are the subject of the negotiations on conventional armed forces in europe . 
  the federal government regards its commitment to reduce ground and air forces as a significant german contribution to the reduction of conventional armed forces in europe . 
  it assumes that in follow-on negotiations the other participants in the negotiations , too , will render their contribution to enhancing security and stability in europe , including measures to limit personnel strengths . '', 
    the government of the german democratic republic has expressly associated itself with this statement . 
   just answer me this , why are germany building hardware and expanding it 's forces right now ? 
  because other nato members have begged germany to do so for years . 
  among them , poland . 
  the current limit , which was set in the two plus four treaty , is 370,000 soldiers . 
  in 1985 the bundeswehr had 495,000 soldiers . 
  which was pretty close to the limit of 500,000 soldiers , which was agreed upon in the bonn -- paris conventions in 1952 . 
   they will sell the turbines to some offshore company , and that company will sell it back to russia . 
  that would be against the law and the companies would be charged . 
   even the us gave up , as evident by the fact that both visa and mastercard can be used in crimea again . 
  because transactions using visa and mastercard were transferred to processing through russia 's newly created national payment card system . 
  the banks that formerly handled visa and mc payments in crimea no longer do that . 
  so the us sanctions against these banks are no longer effective . 
  there is basically a full embargo in place against crimea . 
  no eu business is allowed to do business with crimean entities . 
  these are different from the sanctions against russia . 
  which are about the implementation of the minsk agreement , and do n't contain anything about crimea . 
  siemens is not run by the german government . 
  believe it or not , you do n't need the permission of the german government to do business with russia . 
  power plant equipment is not covered by the sanctions against russia . 
  do n't forget to tell them that you have many social media followers , and if they do n't respond asap you will tweet about it . 
  germany : siemens is not a state-owned company . 
  since the reunification the limit is 370,000 . 
  before the reunification it was 500,000 for the western part of germany .
