  but i 'm sure that the other coalition troops appreciated the presence of the irish explosive ordnance disposal teams . 
  the 1997 agreement clearly says that there wo n't be permanent stationing of troops in eastern europe ... in the current and foreseeable security environment . 
  the latter has changed after putin decided that ukraine is up for grabs . 
  i do n't understand why my government still opposes such a nato base . 
  it 's right in the agreement . 
  `` we do n't start shit and you do n't station troops east of the former german-german border '' . 
   it does n't help that we are n't legally allowed to send them to their actual destinations due to eu regulations . 
  that has n't stopped greece in the past . 
  just do it . 
  because greece is incapable of not violating human rights of asylum seekers , dublin deportations to greece were stopped years ago . 
  how many poles requested asylum in germany and other western countries between 1945 and 1990 ? 
  okay . 
  i 'll try a more serious answer . 
  the problem in germany is that 1 . we are too slow to process asylum applications , 2 . we get too many asylum seekers that do n't require protection , 3 . we do n't enforce the existing laws , i.e. 
  there are very few actual deportations , 4 . we are way over capacity . 
  there is n't even enough housing for the asylum seekers . 
  let alone language and integration courses . 
  proposed solutions are pretty straight forward . 
  get faster with processing . 
  stop asylum seeker influx from the balkans . 
  more deportations . 
  more investments in infrastructure . 
  as usual it 's a bit more complicated to actually implement the solutions . 
  we do n't have enough personnel . 
  several states currently try to convince retired public officials to come back and help . 
  there is a massive backlog of applications that have to be processed . 
  with an increasing number of application it 's basically impossible to speed up the process . 
  because at the same time we are committed to help people that actually need our help . 
  so applications are of course checked very thoroughly . 
  since february this year the federal government requires that applications from kosovo are finally decided within 14 days . 
  which is next to impossible . 
  the idea was that fast rejections will decrease the number of people who try it . 
  judging by the numbers of applications from kosovo that has n't really worked . 
  for some reason the west balkan countries went crazy in the last months . 
  the number of applications from these countries went through the roof . 
  approximately 40 % of the asylum applications germany currently gets are from these countries . 
  the protection quota for these countries is less than 0.5 % . 
  so basically everyone is denied asylum or subsidiary protection . 
  some politicians think that they come here to pocket the ~ 130 $ pocket money each asylum seeker receives per month . 
  so there are proposals to not pay money and hand out coupons instead . 
  which might be a good idea if you think they are motivated by money . 
  but it might also be a bad idea because people will be even more bored if they do n't have any money to spend . 
  but basically everyone agrees that we have to stop people from the west balkan to request asylum . 
  which brings us to the third problem . 
  deportations are complicated ( the receiving country has to cooperate ) and usually very sad and often inhumane . 
  especially if people have to wait for a year or more until their case is finally rejected . 
  contrary to popular believe , plenty asylum seekers integrate into the society ; they make new friends , send their children to kindergarten or school and so on . 
  so we do n't have many deportations . 
  if you do n't leave voluntarily there 's only a little risk that you will be forcibly returned to your home country . 
  but it appears that this is currently changing . 
  since we are way over capacity we can no longer afford to let people stay if they do n't require protection . 
  and from personal experience i have the feeling that even people who are very much in favor of asylum , move to a position where people that do n't require protection are deported as fast as possible . 
  because they prevent that people who actually need protection , get that protection fast and efficiently . 
  which brings us to the last problem . 
  we do n't have enough space to house more refugees and asylum seekers . 
  we do n't have professional personnel that can care for that number of asylum seekers . 
  we do n't have enough teachers that can help asylum seekers learn the language . 
  and now more people have to live in a room or apartment . 
  asylum seekers receive less frequent visits by caretakers . 
  and language and integration courses are basically reserved for people who will stay long term . 
  we basically have to make the live of every asylum seeker miserable because some people try to exploit our generosity . 
  but we do n't have to blame anyone else than ourselves . 
  as usual it 's primarily a problem of money . 
  in germany the states and counties are responsible for the asylum process . 
  like everywhere , states and counties do n't have a lot of money . 
  and now plenty of that money they did n't have , has to be spend on asylum seekers . 
  for a long time the federal government ignored requests to give money to increase the budget of states and counties . 
  as it looks now we are in the process of implementing a two-tiered system . 
  both de facto and de jure . 
  people with a low chance to receive asylum officially will be treated different than people with high chances to receive asylum . 
  i expect that before the end of the year , the low-chance tier will receive coupons instead of money . 
  other proposed changes are to lessen the limitations ( e.g. 
  no work permit until protection is granted ) for people that will most likely receive asylum . 
  if we would do that it would n't be that important to decide their cases within a few months . 
  so we have more capacity to deny the applications by people who do n't need protection . 
  -- i could continue with at least the same wall of text . 
  but nobody wants to read that much anyway . 
   we should not be paying for the failure of middle eastern states and their corrupt islamic culture . 
  correct . 
  it 's enough if we pay for the failed attempts at meddling in the middle east and north africa . 
  if you bomb dictators away and leave afterwards , others will take their place . 
  who would have thought . 
  and do n't forget to applaud the arab spring . 
  the people have spoken . 
  democracy has prevailed . 
  we burn down asylum centers and write angry comments on facebook . 
  so germany gets a new copyright law that includes fair use ? 
  awesome . 
  we are full . 
  we just do n't have space for people that helped to keep our soldiers safe . 
  ^ ^ / s i guess that 's what happens when you trust the west . 
  we lied to every single one of these people . 
  * we * being at least us , uk and germany . 
  but i 'm pretty sure other countries that were involved in afghanistan or iraq have similar cases . 
  it 's not failing , at least not in europe . 
  people that require asylum or subsidiary protection receive that protection . 
  they are not turned away because `` we are full '' or some other shit . 
  the un refugee convention was made to protect people who are in danger . 
  it was not made to make the people in the host countries happy . 
  that many people try to abuse the refugee system is not the fault of the un convention .
