  they have asked to disturb the reunification celebrations !, 
  and a lot of `` wessi , du weeest doch garni worums geht . 
  in response to other commenters . 
  some years ago indeed . 
   wilhelm , von gottes gnaden deutscher kaiser , k\u00f6nig von preu\u00dfen , that leftist regressive asshole decided that everyone who has german citizenship is a german . 
  the context is important . 
  doing that is not compatible with being a participant in the eu single market . 
  that 's why germany , to stay with the example , would violate single market rules if it would favor locally produced cars . 
  as long as switzerland is part of the single market they can neither discriminate against goods originating in the single market , nor can they discriminate against workers with citizenship of a country in the single market . 
  they can discriminate against workers from outside the single market as much as they want . 
  and once they 've left the single market they can do whatever they want . 
  yep . 
  and instead of attacking a more prominent mosque , they go for dresden with its small and [ unimpressive ] ( http://i.imgur.com/j6wwqbv.jpg ) mosque . 
  probably because isis changed their strategy from `` telling everyone that we are responsible '' to `` making everyone believe that this was caused by local neo nazis '' as well . 
  `` we ca n't leave because we promised turkey to join the eu . 
  but for that we have to be part of the eu . 
  brexit will therefor be postponed until turkey is a eu member . '', 
  you skipped the important part . 
  it 's right in the headline `` germany ratifies paris climate agreement '' . 
  without changing its terms . 
  the pink elephant in the room : do the smugglers accept payment with these cards ? 
  do n't worry , golden showers are perfectly legal over here . 
  flexible everything !, 
  maybe it does . 
  if you ca n't beat them , join them . 
  but if you ca n't beat them and are n't allowed to join them ... 
   look , the only socially ( barely ) acceptable use for military force since 1945 is strict and no-ifs-no-buts self-defense . 
  3500 bundeswehr soldiers are currently deployed on 14 missions all over the world . 
  none of these countries respectively the groups these missions target came at us with a meat cleaver . 
  reasonable but not compatible with being a participant of the single market . 
  imagine if countries do this for goods . 
  germany prioritizes german cars over foreign cars . 
  if you want to buy a foreign car you have to prove that a german car does n't suit you . 
  that 's also very reasonable , because it helps local businesses . 
   is n't it time that ireland had a similar group to look after its interests , both within the eu and beyond ? 
  the th3 . 
  consisting of the netherlands , luxembourg and ireland ? 
  signature tax avoidance strategy : double irish with a dutch sandwich, 
  `` these people have views that are n't compatible with europe '' . 
  `` we should let them homeschool their children . 
  or they could organize small groups and ask the local imam for help , the saudis will pay for it '' . 
  the right to life does n't prevent you from dying . 
  and the right to work does n't prevent you from being unemployed . 
  i hope not before 2100 . 
  honestly i do n't see what the eu would gain from adding these piss-poor , unstable countries with very differing values . 
  maybe they could join efta and the eea instead . 
   wonder why they wanted to join in the first place ? 
  when they joined solidarity in the form of money transfers to poorer regions was n't yet flexible . 
   an inner ` fast-track ' eu with more solidarity and integration and an outer ` slow lane ' for the nations that want something else . 
  the slow lane is called `` not being part of the union '' . 
  you want free trade and nothing else ? 
  then join efta and the eea . 
  you can even keep free movement of people !, 
   slovakia is ready to help and is actually helping . 
  honest question , how are they actually helping ? 
   how were the brits forced to show solidarity with ee and what solidarity are you talking about in the first place ? 
  read the post i 'm replying to . 
  i 'm talking about that `` solidarity pre-approved by everyone ( such as the distribution of eu funds ) '' . 
  just have to look at the rescue missions in the med and around libya . 
  every military vessel that picks up asylum seekers off the coast of libya brings them to italy . 
  and then these countries back out off responsibilities by closing their borders for the asylum seekers that are in italy . 
  it 's italy 's fault that they are be overwhelmed with asylum seekers . 
  could have build their country somewhere else . 
   first off , nato and the eu are two separate institutions so flexible solidarity is only a good thing if it involves the eu . 
   secondly , other eu countries have offered greece to help patrol their seas . 
  greece declined . 
  because as we see in the help eu countries do in the med , they would only bring asylum seekers to greece . 
  the british government could have . 
  for obvious reasons there was no referendum about the accession . 
   aside from that other countries should n't needlessly suffer because of the unfortunate geography of greece and italy . 
  and now please station some troops in eastern europe , because poland has such unfortunate geography . 
   there is difference between solidarity pre-approved by everyone ( such as the distribution of eu funds ) and solidarity that is forced unto you . 
  i doubt that for example the brits pre-approved anything for eastern europe when they held the referendum about joining the eu in 1975 . 
  many were forced to show solidarity with eastern europe . 
  that 's too much flexibility . 
  the flexible plan for immigration should only be about refugees . 
  and maybe about the rules for posted workers . 
  but we ca n't broaden that to a flexible plan for things that eastern europe wants . 
  she tore down these fences at the external schengen borders all by herself !, 
  hungary had to rebuild a fence because of that traitor !, 
   she totally flip flopped on nuclear energy she did n't . 
  she just accelerated the phase-out by a couple of years . 
  the cdu did n't undo the important parts of the nuclear phase-out which was introduced by the spd/greens . 
  the fate of nuclear energy in germany was sealed way before she became chancellor . 
  they thought it could be a bridge technology until renewables are ready . 
  that 's also why the cdu never changed the law that prohibits the construction of new nuclear power plants . 
  and with fukushima merkel listened to the electorate . 
  but that was back then when merkel was criticized because she only does what the electorate wants . 
  you know , teflon merkel without a vision for germany . 
  nowadays she 's criticized for not doing what the loud parts of the electorate want . 
  diktator merkel . 
   has a csu member ever been the union 's candidate yes . 
  edmund stoiber in 2002 . 
  economic reasons ? 
  the southern part has twice the gdp per capita for example . 
  everyone knows that the only thing thats stopping someone from entering the eu illegally is the absence of visa-free access . 
  especially if you are in turkey . 
  the greek-turkish border is basically impenetrable . 
  very easy . 
  eu should only grant rights to eastern europe .
