  you have a uk passport that has european union written on its cover . 
  your passport does n't grant you any rights in regard to the eu . 
  it 's your citizenship of an eu member that does . 
  see also article 20 of the treaty on the functioning of the european union :  1 . 
  citizenship of the union is hereby established . 
  every person holding the nationality of a member state shall be a citizen of the union . 
  citizenship of the union shall be additional to and not replace national citizenship . 
  once the uk is no longer a member state of the eu you are no longer a citizen of the eu . 
  you wo n't be able to enjoy freedom of movement post-brexit just because your passport is still valid . 
   well , there are better ways to solve situations like this , no ? 
  they would have totally stopped genociding if we would have sent a strongly worded letter . 
  the eu treaties in regards to the uk will automatically cease to apply at the end of march 2019 . 
  no more voting rights . 
  no more customs union . 
  and a lot of other things , but these two are already a defacto brexit . 
  at least they gave you internet in these camps . 
   but we could just be open about it and admit that there 's an upper limit . 
  and if that limit is reached , the refugees need to try other parts of the world . 
  how would that work in practice ? 
  let 's say germany agrees to take 100,000 people . 
  what happens with person 100,001 ? 
  and if that 's so easy , why do we let in people that are n't refugees at all ? 
  because the upper limit for economic migrants is already 0 . 
  i would have expected that negotiations start the day article 50 is invoked . 
  they already waited months to invoke a50 . 
  and they still were n't prepared to start negotiations ? 
  and now they are still preparing ? 
  realistically negotiations have to be finished in october 2018 , so the involved parties have enough time to ratify the agreement . 
  that 's not a lot of time . 
  it has become a real problem here . 
  these 6.8 % are basically full employment if you do n't have to offer 20 $ white collar jobs . 
  my local butcher has to close end of the month because he ca n't find someone who wants to work or do an apprenticeship . 
  friend runs a small lumber yard , with two employees , they often have to work 10 and more hours a day because they ca n't find reliable employees . 
  another friend hires for a logistics company , the vast majority of germans stop coming to work a week later because they realise that getting up at 2 am is not the right thing for them . 
  half of the workers on the floor are already from eastern europe . 
  and do n't get me started about construction . 
  when 70 % of the construction workers retire in 10 years we 'll have a massive problem . 
  i guess you 'll have to wait 5 years to get your roof remade . 
  i would n't have much problems to get 10 motivated people into jobs by monday . 
  there are enough offers for training in it . 
  university is basically free . 
  you can do an apprenticeship in it . 
  if you ask your job center agent you can attend occupational retraining . 
  heck , go on the internet and learn yourself . 
  if you do n't want to work for bosch or siemens you can totally get by without a formal education . 
  the point is , everyone with an interest in it already did that . 
  the rest wo n't become employable workers in that field . 
  it 's a waste of time and money to teach things like programming to people who do n't want to work in this field . 
  we already tried these `` forced '' it trainings in the 2000s . 
  only very few of them were able to keep jobs in that area . 
  this job requires a certain kind of motivation . 
  if you ca n't be arsed to find yourself some training and you are waiting for the job center you are lacking that intrinsic motivation that is necessary to become an employable it worker . 
  nobody will hire it people that will stop learning the moment they leave the training center . 
  and sadly that 's what the vast majority of the people that were force retrained in the 2000s did . 
  mainly people with unneeded skills who refuse to work for less than 15 $ . 
  i 'm from saxony , we have 6.8 % unemployment in my county . 
  the cleaning service in my town ca n't accept new clients because they ca n't find people who are willing to mop floors for 10 $ an hour . 
  only requirement is a driving license and the ability to behave like a normal human being . 
  fun fact about that :  at the drafting of article 5 in the late 1940s , there was consensus on the principle of mutual assistance , but fundamental disagreement on the modalities of implementing this commitment . 
  the european participants wanted to ensure that the united states would automatically come to their assistance should one of the signatories come under attack ; the united states did not want to make such a pledge and obtained that this be reflected in the wording of article 5 . 
    http://www.nato.int/cps/cn/natohq/topics_110496.htm#, 
   i love how eastern europe is so vehemently against immigration maybe they are afraid that somebody will take away their job in western europe . 
  deep inside i 'm an optimist as well . 
  basically just snap elections . 
  but at least it 's a red , white and blue wobbler . 
   i would rather get rid of people than rights . 
  so you just want to get rid of rights for certain people . 
  you are such an optimist . 
  i would expect at least two more snap elections within the next 365 days . 
  no rush . 
  take your time . 
  there are still 16 months until the deal should be finished so everyone has enough time to ratify it till march 2019 . 
  that 's more than enough time to hold three more snap elections and still negotiate a good deal . 
   which i 'd bet it will have to be the case , two years would have been a very short time to hammer out all the details even if the uk had not wasted so many months in aimless posturing . 
    ultimately , a deal is in the interests of everyone involved . 
  do n't underestimate aggrieved feelings . 
  while a deal is in the interest of everyone , there are a lot of countries that in the end would be okay with a hard brexit . 
  uk included . 
  i 've said it before . 
  if the uk would have triggered brexit the day after the referendum the remaining eu members would have been totally in favour of prolonging the negotiation period until a good deal is completed . 
  at that time everyone understood that leaving the eu is totally new , that such negotiations are complicated , that the uk was n't prepared to actually leave , and that the uk wants to continue their good relationship with the eu . 
  but the uk decided to go into shit slinging mode with that whole `` we 'll start negotiations when we are ready . 
  we do n't care what you continentals want . 
  we are the ones setting the pace . '', 
  and a lot of `` uk strong . 
  we buy your cars and your prosecco . 
  now do as we say . '', 
  rhetoric , both by their elected and not elected politicians . 
  in the end that will lead to a hard brexit end of march 2019 . 
  they are aiming for prolongation of the negotiate period out of pity . 
  yes . 
  if the 28 involved countries do n't actively prolong the negotiation period the uk will exit the eu end of march 2019 . 
  here 's a graph of the results from the same series of poll : http://www.infratest-dimap.de/typo3temp/_processed_/csm_folie25_03_cd42747570.png usa went from 59 % trust to 22 % within one poll . 
  in between these two polls trump was elected . 
   its not just trump . 
  same series of polls : http://www.infratest-dimap.de/typo3temp/_processed_/csm_folie25_03_cd42747570.png usa went from 59 % trust to 22 % within one poll . 
  what changed ? 
  trump was elected . 
   well the netherlands is germany 's biggest trading partner for one . . you mean germany is the biggest trading partner of the netherlands . 
  the largest trading partners ( export + import ) of germany are : 1 .
