  that show by that club is a total non-topic in germany . 
  nobody talks about that `` provocation '' . 
  who is upset ? 
  got some quotes ? 
  will you take the uk based ngos that do these things with you ? 
   also the fear that there can be terror attack in poland and that polish authorities do not want this to happen is racism nope . 
  but using terror attacks to justify attacks against innocent people is . 
  has nothing to do with schengen . 
  uk is not in schengen , yet you could move there right now you get freedom of movement when you are a citizen of eu/eea/switzerland . 
   so it 's used incorrectly if olive oil is made out of olives , is baby oil made out of babies ? 
  nothing to see here . 
  just dank right wingers pretending to be dank left wingers . 
  it 's a bit more complicated than just adding the price of all the things you ca n't sell to the other country . 
  let 's say i buy gas from russia . 
  i buy 1 cubic meter of gas per year . 
  i have to pay 1 euro for that . 
  due to sanctions i can no longer do that . 
  so i have to buy 1 cubic meter of gas from quatar . 
  but since the process of transporting it to me via lng is much more complicated than pumping gas through a pipe i have to pay 2.50 euro for the same amount of gas . 
  in the end i have to pay 1.50 $ more than previously , which translates to a loss of 1.50 $ . 
  while russia loses 1 $ . 
   more than 100 billions which fucking ridiculous because russia would have been on its knees if that was true . 
  in 2014 russia had a gdp of 1405 billion euro . 
  that went down by more than 300 billion euro to 1082 billion euro in 2015 . 
   did you take a special strawman argument training class or something ? 
   ) it 's hard to tell with extreme left wingers . 
  if my hate for people that justify attacks against innocents makes me an extreme left winger , i 'm an extreme left winger . 
  but i have to admit , the extreme left winger that hates the spitting eastern european freedom fighter is simply the best strawman . 
  would be ridiculous to give that status to fsm . 
  after not giving it to scientology . 
   it 's almost as if they would n't have anybody to grant settlement rights to if the general impression were that poland is a xenophobic society that hates all foreigners . 
  bureaucrats that decide about allowing people to immigrate have a list of objective rules in front of them . 
  if the candidate meets the required rules he 's allowed to enter . 
  they are bureaucrat after all . 
  and who claimed that poland hates all foreigners ? 
  the article says that these attacks are on the rise . 
   which based on the 3 apparently isolated cases you highlight , it totally seems to be . 
  i showed these cases because you claimed that only muslims are targeted by these attacks . 
  implying that this would be totally justified . 
  the only thing that prevents muslim school girls from committing a terror attack is if you spit on them . 
  that 's because we are allergic to nukes . 
  it has absolutely nothing to do with politics . 
  and we clearly do n't have nukes because we are not as technological advanced as pakistan . 
  it has nothing to do with political will . 
  yep . 
  the only thing that stopped that vietnamese guy from committing violence was the cap gun in his back . 
  it 's almost as if the bureaucracy that allows these people to settle in poland is not xenophobic . 
  maybe it 's the general population that becomes more xenophobic ? 
   it 's almost as if polish society seems to have a huge problem with only a certain group of immigrants . 
  from the article :  a man held a pistol to the back of a vietnamese man and screamed `` get out of poland ! '', 
  or are you talking about the group of `` people that are n't poles '' ? 
   three students from turkey and bulgaria were cursed at by young men on a tram earlier this month in bydgoszcz , a city of nearly a half-million people in northern poland . 
  they were told to get out of country because poland is for poles . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/poland-racism-on-the-rise/a-36812032 ) or maybe a polish professors and a german researchers ? 
   over the summer , a polish professor and a visiting german researcher were verbally and physically assaulted while conversing on a warsaw tram in german . 
  because it 's like the most useless statement one can imagine . 
  as technological advanced nations we are capable of doing almost anything . 
  the meme is that a solution would be implemented already if there was enough political will . 
  which is true for basically everything . 
  we have the technology to do a lot of questionable things . 
  which means all that 's stoping us from using these things is the political will . 
  with enough political will we could nuke the middle east like right now . 
  technically we could totally do that . 
  they do ? 
  how much reparations is israel getting ? 
  or are you talking about the compensation that is paid to individual families ? 
  that 's available for poles as well . 
  got some quotes ? 
   similiar like people did pre-ww2 , just try to silence whoever has opinion you disagree with . 
  downvoting is like the holocaust . 
  but worse !, 
  i demand reparations from reddit !, 
  -- disclaimer : i did n't downvote you . 
  i only downvote shitty posts . 
  yours is n't one . 
  the requirement is to not become a burden on the society . 
  and that 's the case in all eu/eea/switzerland . 
  the freedom of movement thing is actually called freedom of movement for workers . 
  the workers part is important , it 's not meant for welfare tourists . 
  each eu/eea/swiss citizen has the right to reside in any eu/eea/swiss country for 90 days with no further requirement than being in possession of a valid id . 
  if you intend to stay longer you need sufficient resources and health insurance to prevent that you become a burden for the country . 
  so if you are n't working , and are n't self-employed you better be rich . 
  only after they have worked a significant time in the country eu citizens become eligible for welfare . 
  for benefits that are paid on top of your income the rules are different . 
  working eu citizens have access to things like child benefit , or housing benefit as well . 
   so it 's hard to say we agreed to give up reperations when it was decision made by soviets . 
  in that case poland should ask the successor of the soviet union to compensate for the lost reparations poland could have gotten from germany if it were n't for the actions of the soviet union . 
  not sure how germany can be hold responsible for the actions of the soviet union . 
  hence ` ponders demanding ' instead of ` demands ' . 
  i think setting up a business in another country does n't make a lot of sense for a freelancer . 
  as a freelancer you have no employees and very few expenses . 
  so i think the only way to lower your personal tax obligations in your home country would be to park a part of your revenue on the bank account of the foreign company . 
  but what do you do with that parked money ? 
  if you buy something for yourself that money becomes your personal income and it has to be taxed . 
  you could buy something for the company . 
  but as a freelancer you can already deduct business expenses from your income . 
  i do n't really see a benefit . 
  do you already have a tax adviser ? 
  in basically all countries most people are legally obligated to report their income to the tax authority . 
  in some countries your employer does that on your behalf .
