  that 's what they will most likely do , they have done that in the past . 
  then europe west of ukraine will complain that the pressure is too low . 
  russia/gazprom will denounce ukraine for stealing gas . 
  then they increase the pressure to make their other european customers happy . 
  that 's when they will find a deal with ukraine and officially continue gas supplies . 
  a newspaper botched the translation , he said something along the lines of `` europe should not take as many refugees '' . 
  hotel matignon , the official residence of the french pm has confirmed that . 
  indeed , you do n't require german citizenship to stay in germany . 
  i checked again . 
  everyone born after 1990 that has gained german citizenship with their birth ( because one parent is german , or because at least one parent has lived in germany legally for 8 years ) can keep their two citizenships . 
   ask the german-turks if they identify themselves as germans . 
  i guess they identify as german-turks . 
  because that 's how we call them . 
  but children of migrants who have lived legally in germany for more than 8 years continuously do n't have to request naturalization . 
  they receive citizenship automatically . 
   also , you do no need german to pass the naturalisation test ... 
  it just means you have to stay in germany for longer period ( 8-years ) passing the einb\u00fcrgerungstest `` leben in deutschland '' is mandatory . 
  if you attend an integration ** course ** you can lower the waiting period to 7 years . 
  there 's an exception for turks that were born in germany . 
   interesting , so the su-24s vectored north a bit after entering the turkish airspace ? 
  i 'm not sure what the bbc is smoking , but they mixed that m ( whatever it means ) from the turkish radar image into the flight path of the plane . 
  in the imagery that was published by the turkish ministry of defense you can clearly see that it 's a m , similar to the one with the green border , and not a trip up north . 
  https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cukbwtuuaaalpfl.png:large maybe i 'm the one who 's wrong , but i doubt that the m is the crazy ivan of the russian air force . 
  -- edit : and it looks like they have realized their mistake : [ updated bbc graphic ] ( http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/624/cpsprodpb/141c7/production/_86857328_russian_plane_shot_down_624.png ), 
   and if they really want to , can apply again after a little while ( no passport so no way to confirm they did n't already apply 3 months ago ) . 
  the eu has a database named eurodac and every single person that requests asylum in the eu gets an entry in that database . 
  fingerprints included . 
  yes . 
  it 's very different . 
  because the police actually has to interact with refugees . 
  it 's totally unacceptable for police to act that way , in democratic countries police has to be political neutral . 
  if you were a refugee , would you trust police officers that say shit like `` all refugees are murderers and rapists '' ? 
   ( and when they do , they will have no choice but to grant  80 % eu citizenship ) bullshit . 
  first of all way less than  80 % receive asylum , which is a requirement to receive citizenship . 
  between january and october 2015 39.7 % of the decisions ended in asylum . 
  to get citizenship they have to pass a language and integration test . 
  they must not have criminal convictions . 
  they have to pledge to follow the constitution , and they have to renounce their old citizenship . 
  but most important , they have to be able to support their household with their job alone , without any welfare payments . 
  do n't worry , we actually want that the people we grant citizenship stay in germany . 
  sorry , but that 's too subtle . 
  should n't have asked a fancy advertising agency to create that campaign . 
  only the russian violations make it into the news . 
  because nobody really cares if a eu country violates the airspace of another eu country . 
  but between 2011 and 22 september 2015 , germany violated swedish airspace as many times as russia . 
  and they could n't have waited another 17 seconds to see if the jets actually turn or leave the turkish airspace on the other side ? 
  were the turkish f-16 running out of fuel or what ? 
  but here 's the background story nonetheless : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/attacks_on_parachutists  attacks on parachutists , in term of the law of war , is when pilots , aircrews , and/or passengers are attacked while descending by parachutes from disabled aircraft during a war . 
  ** this practice is considered by most militaries around the world to be inhumane , barbaric , and unchivalrous , that it is unnecessary killing ( i.e. , they would eventually become prisoners of war if parachuted over enemy territory ) , that it is contrary to fair play , and that military pilots have to be held to a higher standard . 
  ** attacking people parachuting from an aircraft in distress is a war crime under protocol i in addition to the 1949 geneva conventions . 
  however , it is not prohibited under this protocol to open fire on airborne troops who are descending by parachutes , even if their aircraft is in distress . 
  the eu quota plan is still about the distribution of 160,000 refugees that are currently in italy and greece . 
  not more . 
  and it 's certainly not about redistributing refugees from germany . 
  so will denmark help 30000 or more in refugee camps ? 
  russia does n't have bombs with face detection . 
  the rebel groups in that area will receive heavy bombing soon , no matter if a face was visible or not . 
   obviously , they did n't forget to film and boast with it on the internet to get more they might have to do that , at least the filming part . 
  here 's what i found as a source in the wikipedia article to the bgm-71 tow :  the most notable form of direct american support to the syrian opposition has been the supply of bgm-71 tow tube launched , optically-tracked , wire-guided anti-tank missiles to rebel groups , vetted by the u.s. central intelligence agency . 
  the missiles themselves most likely come from saudi arabia 's stockpile , although by law the supply of american-made weapons to a third party must be approved by the u.s. reports indicate that the tows are handed out to groups by the northern and southern moc ( military operations command ) based in turkey and jordan respectively , that are run by western and arab intelligence agencies . 
  ** groups apply for missiles for specific operations , and small batches are supplied by the moc as needed . 
  no more than a handful are given to a group at any time . 
  in order to prove the rebel groups are not selling them or giving them away , each launch must be recorded and spent casings returned to the moc . 
  ** it is due to these requirements that there is such a wealth of knowledge regarding which groups have been supplied with and fielded these weapons . 
  different times , different weapons . 
  if japan had nuclear icbms that were able to reach the us , the us would not have dropped the two bombs . 
  in that case turkey should start to shoot down planes outside of its airspace too . 
  laser guided bombs have a range that is larger than the width of that plot of land . 
  where would that be ? 
  of course . 
  and they did . 
  but they were n't very successful . 
   if this is true , how the hell did turkey even manage to warn russia `` 10 times '' before shooting ? 
  they warned them not to enter turkish airspace , before they violated the airspace . 
   do they want to start ww3 ? 
  because this is how you start ww3 :( that 's not really how you start ww3 . 
  if russia would send a cruise missile to istanbul as retaliation , that would start ww3 . 
  but russia wo n't do that . 
  they will just drop more bombs on factions in syria that are supported by turkey . 
  the us-supported rebels that destroyed the russian helicopter in that area will probably cease to exist very soon . 
  you warn them before they actually enter your airspace . 
  yes . 
  ze evil germans are behind it . 
   also was that a german army cross on the weapon in the video ? 
  that one ? 
  http://i.imgur.com/up3kywj.png looks like a display for calibration . 
  there is a vaguely visible green dot in the middle of the cross . 
   even though the pilot could not see the russian plane , not even on radar , he is sure that the downed plane flew over turkey . 
  `` the turkish f-16s never headed towards syria , so they fired at the russian in turkish airspace '' , he says . 
  `` there is no other option than that the russian plane deliberately violated turkish airspace , because there was no lack of turkish attempts for contact . '', 
  the turkish ministry of defense published this radar imagery : https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cukbwtuuaaalpfl.png:large cyan line is the border between turkey and syria . 
  red line is the russian jet . 
  according to [ my approximation ] ( http://i.imgur.com/j1fbp9e.png ) in google maps , the path inside turkish airspace is around 2.5 kilometers long . 
  pretty short distance for that certainty by the airline pilot . 
  is there a chance that the dutch pilot might still be influenced by mh17 ? 
  so how does it work ? 
  is there an international frequency that every single pilot listens to ? 
  because if a russian air force pilot monitors different frequencies than a dutch airline pilot that story does n't tell us much . 
   perhaps they would have stayed closer to home that 's what people mean when they want to eliminate pull factors . 
  countries like turkey , lebanon and jordan should deal with the crisis alone .
