  bulgaria reported that their supply was also falling and that transit to turkey , greece and macedonia was affected . 
  two days later the czech republic and turkey reported drops in pipeline pressure . 
  starting on january 7 , several countries began to report a significant drop in gas supplies from russia . 
  ** throughout the crisis many countries were unprepared and had been left without supplies for days , leading to significant economic and humanitarian consequences ; bulgaria was forced to stop production in some of its important industrial plants , while one country , slovakia , declared a state of emergency . 
  ** the most severely effected countries were in southeastern europe , most of which rely completely on russia for gas and at the time did n't have sufficient alternative energy sources . 
  however north-west europe was n't much effected by the cutoff and none of europe 's major markets came close to cutting off customers . 
  many european countries had made investments since the 2006 crisis which put them in a better position . 
   i am . 
  isds is madness and does not exist in eu . 
  it does in some sectors . 
  see for example the case of vattenfall v. germany , where vattenfall sued germany because they did n't agree with the environmental regulations for a coal power plant in hamburg . 
  https://icsid.worldbank.org/apps/icsidweb/cases/pages/casedetail.aspx?caseno=arb/09/6 or another case , where vattenfall sued germany because germany decided to expedite the nuclear phase-out in 2011 . https://icsid.worldbank.org/apps/icsidweb/cases/pages/casedetail.aspx?caseno=arb/12/12, 
  have they employed that 4chan guy ? 
  i thought it 's because leftists love their bicycles . 
  exomars is a project of esa and roscosmos . 
   this is exactly what i was thinking . 
  if wallonia does n't want our trade goods then i do n't want to force them , but we really would like free trade with the uk , germany , finland , etc. 
  not possible as long as germany and wallonia are in the same customs union . 
  the eu imposes a common tariff for goods that did n't originate in the eu . 
  just have to switch it on only after the connector is fully inserted and off before disengaging the connector . 
  flash is indeed very offensive . 
  a week later she 'll announces that she wants veto rights for all eu decisions . 
  there 's probably a reason for that . 
  maybe you should post less bullshit ? 
  that number also does n't take into account the germans that returned to germany during that time . 
  between 2004 and 2014 net emigration rate for germans was 409,000 ( if we ignore the immigration of sp\u00e4taussiedler , ethnic germans from ex soviet republics . 
  otherwise it would be even lower ) . 
  source [ migrationsbericht 2014 , table 3-35 , page 106 ] ( https://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/publikationen/migrationsberichte/migrationsbericht-2014.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ) net emigration rate in 2015 was 18,000 . 
  138,000 germans left germany , and 121,000 germans returned to germany . 
  rounding errors are responsible for the discrepancy . 
  this includes 4,215 sp\u00e4taussiedler who moved to germany . 
  good old zerohedge . 
   data from the german statistics agency , destatis , shows that 138,000 germans left germany in 2015 . 
  two lines above that 138,000 number in the [ statistics ] ( https://www.destatis.de/de/presseservice/presse/pressemitteilungen/2016/07/pd16_246_12421.html ) you can see that 121,000 germans returned to germany in 2015 . 
  fun fact about dichter and denker . 
  it most likely comes from this piece from 1828 , which has a negative connotation :  \u201e die deutschen thun nicht viel , aber sie schreiben desto mehr . 
  das sinnige deutsche volk liebt es zu denken und zu dichten , und zum schreiben hat es immer zeit . `` --  the germans do n't do much , but they write the more . 
  if a citizen of the coming centuries looks back at the present time of german history , he 'll see more books than men . 
  he will be able to walk through the years like they are repositories . 
  he will say , we slept and dreamed in books . 
  we have become a nation of writers , and instead of the double eagle we can put a goose in our coat of arms . 
  here , the feather governs and serves , works and pays , fights and nourishes , delights and punishes . 
  we let the italians have their heaven , the spaniards their saints , the french their deeds , the englishmen their money-bags and sit with our books . 
  the thoughtful germans love to think and to write , and they alway have time for writing . 
  -- tl ; dr : germans prefer ( over ) thinking over doing . 
  pretty spot on actually . 
   why stop there , pay eastern eu workers eastern salaries in germany . 
  but not a single cent more . 
  we should pay them so little that they ca n't afford to live in germany . 
  as you see , your suggestion makes a lot of sense . 
   as if the place you do the sales should be the place your profits are taxed - that 's just knee jerk populism that would backfire on the eu . 
  and that 's not part of the proposal . 
  multinationals will pay corporate taxes in countries where they have subsidiaries . 
  do n't want to pay corporate taxes in germany ? 
  then do n't open a subsidiary here . 
  if you do n't use german infrastructure , you do n't have to pay corporate tax in germany . 
  if you use german infrastructure to make money , you better pay taxes . 
  pretty easy concept . 
  amazon could handle their whole eu business without national subsidies from ireland . 
  they could turn ireland into a massive shipping and logistics hub . 
  if they want low corporate taxes they should do exactly that . 
  ireland would profit if multinational companies decide to do more business in ireland than simply opening a headquarter . 
  but doing everything from ireland comes with downsides . 
  downsides that allow companies that are willing to pay taxes in germany to take marketshare away from amazon . 
  vat distribution will most likely be one of the more important factors that will be used to calculate corporate tax distribution . 
  as far as i understand the proposal , it does n't really matter if an entity contributes to profit `` generation '' . 
  if there 's a subsidiary in a country , that country will get a part of the corporate tax . 
  so what does  the visas should n't have been there in the first place . 
  mean , if not `` the eu should have threatened canada and the us to give visa free travel to countries the moment they joined the eu '' ? 
  people from outside eu/efta need a university degree and a job offer that pays at least 49,600 $ to be eligible for a eu blue card in germany . 
  if you work in a field with a shortage of workers , this covers engineers , doctors , scientists , mathematicians , or it workers you only need a job that pays at least 38,688 $ . 
  if the choice would have been to abolish the travel agreements with north america or to enlarge the eu , there 's a good chance that the travel agreements would have won . 
  the eu did exactly what it was supposed to do . 
  hold tripartite meetings to improve the situation . 
  fun fact : around 60 % of the us wood pellet exports go to the [ drax power station ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/drax_power_station ) in north yorkshire , england . 
  next year when all three planned units are converted to bio mass ( i.e. 
  wood pellets ) the plant is estimated to use 7.5 million tonnes of wood pellets per year . 
  for the average person `` partial asylum '' is just more understandable than `` subsidiary protection '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/subsidiary_protection, 
  the working visa for qualified indians ( and all others ) already exists , the eu blue card . 
  unfortunately for the eu , qualified indians ( and all others ) are also eligible for us working visa . 
  such simple logic does n't really work for price finding . 
  prices you pay in the store have a lot to do with what you are willing to pay , and very little with `` we need this amount of profit '' . 
  it 's not coincidence that almost all prices end in a 9 . 
  if they increase prices they risk losing customers . 
  which might actually lead to the situation that they make less profit after taxes than they would make if they would keep the prices the same . 
  in 2015 the eu regulation for vat on digital goods came into effect . 
  until then apple , amazon , google and almost all others sold their digital goods from luxembourg , to profit from the low vat rate , which they paid in luxembourg . 
  since 2015 , vat has to be paid at the rate and to the country of the buyer . 
  but prices for digital goods did n't increase . 
  according to eu law , amazon already charges the vat rate of the customers country . 
  but amazon has subsidiaries in many countries too . 
  since they have all these logistics and fulfillment centers which are run by subsidiaries they probably have much more subsidiaries than apple . 
   how do germans feel in general about losing prussia to poland and russia and the area around strasbourg to france ? 
  in general , nobody cares . 
  haha , how does math work ? 
   it 's going to be difficult to say where a sale actually happens sometimes . 
  if someone is buying online or on the phone the buyer , sales agent and distribution point can all be in separate countries . 
  where are digital goods produced ? 
  not that difficult , because everyone who sells in the eu already has to figure that out . 
  for sales that do n't happen in brick and mortar stores , the sale happens in the home country of the buyer .
