  no muslims that will behead you . 
  it 's true . 
  the question is if it 's less productive than leaving the eu customs union . 
  would the country gain enough from individual trade deals that they could offset the losses from leaving the eu customs union ? 
  in case of the netherlands the answer is a clear no . 
  according to your country 's status of forces agreement they will leave your country within a year after you 've noticed them that they are no longer welcome . 
  the colonies did n't have that option . 
  lotus notes user detected . 
  @realdonaldtrump : fake news !, 
  here is list of underreported drawings by me !, 
  but he voted because of the cringe and the rigging . 
  not because of political agenda . 
  calling people nazi is not political correct at all . 
  inciting violence against them even less so . 
  samsung sold the company to hanhwa . 
  so everything is safe again . 
  if you let them use your credit card . 
  compete in what ? 
  being isolationist ? 
  that 's what the us was before pearl harbor . 
  i 'm too lazy to look the specific article up . 
  but there a part of the dublin regulation that says that countries can voluntarily take responsibility for an asylum case . 
  germany never actually suspended the dublin regulation . 
  they just made use of an article that is basically unknown . 
  people and the media believe that the dublin regulation means `` the eu country someone enters first is responsible '' . 
  but that 's not the whole picture . 
  there 's a whole set of rules to determine which country is responsible . 
  copy paste error ; the germany should be [ country ] too . 
  i was confused about this too . 
  so it 's not okay for 99.999 % of the muslims that migrated to europe ? 
  that 's something they have to answer before the election . 
  if they do n't rule it out , i 'll vote cdu . 
  would be a first in my life . 
  but the left in its current state is incapable of holding a governing position , even as one of the two junior partners . 
  too many hardliners and extremists . 
  too little willingness to compromise . 
   this thing permanent ? 
  of course not . 
  two months are planned . 
   think it ruins the overall image of the square with a third world touch but whatever that 's the point . 
  it turns location based geo-blocking into residence based geo-blocking . 
  but i guess it 's a start . 
   and you can not force refugees and migrants to stay in those countries . 
  of course you can . 
  do n't give them anything if they are outside their assigned country . 
  do you think asylum seekers came to germany to live in bumfuck , brandenburg ? 
  they want to go to berlin . 
  but they wo n't get anything in berlin , so they stay in bumfuck . 
  uk government , yes . 
  and basically all other eu governments support it as well . 
  but the people are very likely against it . 
  and how much of all eu citizens support an accession of serbia ? 
  less than 25 % ? 
  do n't worry , nobody is actually expecting any contribution from eastern europe . 
   surely that would mean maintaining a security presence , something european countries like germany have n't exactly embraced in the past . . well , recent past , anyway . 
  except in kosovo , afghanistan and mali . 
  but why us ? 
  we have eastern europe for that . 
  they always wanted to help refugees in their countries . 
  they always liked the idea of safe zones . 
  now is their chance to give back to the eu . 
  he already watched it . 
   [ @realdonaldtrump ] ( https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/828939235499638784 ) : i do n't know putin , have no deals in russia , and the haters are going crazy - yet obama can make a deal with ** iran , # 1 in terror ** , no problem !, 
  because there are only two options . 
  you either suppress minorities , even if they are your neighbours . 
  or you let trillions of people live in your village . 
  i call my own shots , largely based on an accumulation of data , and everyone knows it . 
  some fake news media , in order to marginalize , lies !, 
  if a submission contains terms like ` migrant ' , ` asylum ' or ` refugee ' it has to be approved by mods . 
  if there 's one that will trigger the donald , it 's this one . 
   no such minorities live there and that 's precisely what they want to preserve according to the article at least 2 muslims live there . 
  i also can guarantee that there are closeted homosexuals in that village as well . 
  everyone who says that is n't pure coincidence is fake news !, 
   except for the `` because we live here \\* '' clause . 
  \\* does not apply to the targeted minorities that live there too, 
   it seems confirmed that the media has ignored or covered up these incidents . 
  yep . 
  sean spicer , kelly dingsbums and the donald said so . 
  that means it 's confirmed by 3 sources . 
  it 's true . 
  it 's new polish concept . 
  flexible pact . 
  they already have experience with that . 
  v4 is a union that disagrees about everything that is n't about keeping muslims out of the country . 
   he suggested that poland would be willing to provide help for refugees near their countries of origin . 
  and what 's stopping poland to do that ? 
  the problem is that greece wants more money . 
  they want debt relief so they can borrow again . 
  if france and germany would have bailed out their banks directly , greece would be even more fucked . 
  that 's how debt works . 
  he has nothing interesting to say anyway . 
  on average it takes 5 sentences and he starts to tell how biased media hates him . 
  the same old story he has been telling for months . 
  very boring . 
  it 's true . 
  he 's saying that facebook should actively check every contribution to make sure it is n't a photo which connects him to illegal activities . 
  so did it work ? 
  kek, 
  it 's from a news program for kids . 
  that particular part is from [ july 2015 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u3wkccnvkqq ) .
