   i would have more faith in modern germans personally . 
  bild is the most read newspaper in germany . 
   also if people ca n't understand the consequences of a referendum result how can they understand the consequences of a parties manifesto ? 
  they ca n't . 
  the majority of voters could n't repeat even a handful of points from the election manifesto . 
  but a vote for a party does n't have as much influence as the vote in a referendum . 
  especially in countries that have safe guards against too much influence by the winning party . 
  as an example , in many countries you need something like a 2/3 majority in the parliament and the upper house to change the constitution . 
  if you would hold a referendum  50 % of the votes would very likely be enough . 
  referendums can easily lead to a ` tyranny of the majority ' situation . 
  just ask the people that were to young to vote in the brexit referendum but have to live with the results for decades . 
   if we had had referendums on each major eu treaty and on any expansions we would n't be at this point . 
  because there would n't be an eu . 
  1950 : germans , are you willing to increase cooperation with france ? 
  no cooperation with the erbfeind !, 
  1970 : germans , do you want to reconcile with poland ? 
  first we want the stolen territory back !, 
  ca n't argue with that . 
  or the habit of a nun . 
  i do n't understand why these companies still have subsidies in europe . 
  if these companies would be us only the only option for the eu would be to build a chinese style firewall . 
  the `` may/trump era '' will end sooner or later . 
  and as you already said , english is important globally . 
  if you learn a second foreign language you can already pick french in germany . 
  though many find spanish , russian , polish or even latin more useful . 
  forcing people to learn french as first foreign language would be ridiculous . 
  besides analysing situations in foreign countries , what should a foreign intelligence agency do ? 
  yes , makes sense . 
  for a moment i forgot that they could just overstay their visa-free travel . 
  a lot of brexiteers wo n't be happy if you tell them that you 'll continue to let in those murderers , rapists and other criminals from eastern europe . 
  but yes , makes sense . 
  if you can overstay your visa-free travel , it 's not necessary to go through the ri-ni-uk shenanigans . 
   what 's to stop this system being implemented to avoid that ? 
  it does n't scale . 
  which means it does n't work for commercially shipping . 
  that 's why italy does n't use it for that purpose . 
  as i said , italy has an enforced customs border with switzerland . 
  if the mobile check system would work so good they would n't need to have that enforced customs border . 
   the irish are a far more tax compliant culture than the italians , a lot more people would self declare and pay excise before these mobile officials had to get involved . 
  what about italians that are on vacation in ireland and buy goods in the uk ? 
   goods between the britain and ireland can still be checked at hard borders it 's just the ni border that we 're worried about here . 
  pointless . 
  here 's the problem explained in a real example : china exports steel . 
  eu has anti-dumping tariffs on that steel . 
  post-brexit uk has n't . 
  - china exports steel to mainland uk - northern irish company buys that steel and transports it to its warehouse . 
  same country so potential customs checks between ni and mainland uk are irrelevant . 
  - irish subsidy of vw buys that cheap steel ( 30 % cheaper than eu steel ) from the northern irish company and transports it to its factory in the republic of ireland - irish vw builds cars with cheap chinese steel - irish vw then exports cars to mainland eu - french peugeot can not buy cheap chinese steel . 
  because they do n't have a subsidy in ireland which means that french peugeot has a disadvantage over irish vw . 
  eu does n't like that . 
  french peugeot might also decide to open a factory in ireland , because then it can profit from uk tariffs . 
  ireland and uk would love that . 
  the rest of the eu would n't . 
  that 's what i though . 
  it 's a system to detect smuggling . 
  these mobile customs units are a way to find goods that eluded regular customs handling . 
  italy does n't use that system to clear all goods that enter italy via it 's ports , airports and via the land border with switzerland . 
  italy has an enforced customs border with switzerland . 
  it also has hard borders at its international airports and ports . 
  how will the uk prevent that non-irish eu citizen migrate to the uk via ireland ? 
  how do you prevent that non-irish eu citizen enter mainland uk via ireland ? 
  italy 's border with whom is enforced like that ? 
  and where do you get the stamp that shows that you went through customs if there are no customs at the border ? 
  the requirement for a hard border is one of the things that is necessary for being in a customs union . 
  ca n't apply the common external tariff without a customs border . 
  that 's how it works in every customs union . 
  the only thing that has to do with the eu is that the eu is a customs union . 
   the uk does n't want to put up checkpoints on their boarder with ireland . 
  so the uk would be okay with uncontrolled immigration as long as all the people enter the uk via ireland ? 
  i guess i should have said `` most realistic '' . 
  for comparison ? 
  the uk is part of the data . 
  the oecd calls it gbr . 
  but can you provide a source for a 10 % decrease in real wages ? 
  - merkel was actually wiretapped by obama - trump was not wiretapped by obama see the difference ? 
  it does n't matter that all would prefer a solution without a border . 
  because they wo n't be able to find a solution that can be agreed by all . 
  every country has a red line somewhere . 
  for the uk that red line will be staying in the common market and the eu customs union . 
  also to turn northern ireland into a zone that is juridically eu customs territory . 
  customs checks between mainland uk and ni , ni has to pay taxes and duties on imports from mainland uk . 
  for the eu that red line will be an uncontrolled customs border where goods from the uk and from all countries that have a free trade agreement with the uk can enter the eu customs union unchecked . 
  in the other direction that will also a red-ish line for the uk . 
  they also do n't want non-irish eu migration in the uk . 
  for ireland ( and to a lesser extent the eu ) that red line will be a one-way customs border for exports that move from ireland to the eu . 
  it 's a shitty situation that is basically impossible to solve . 
  easiest thing would be if northern ireland joins the republic . 
  in case you want to make it in germany , the government has prepared a handy website for you : http://www.make-it-in-germany.com/en, 
  not sure if i 'm understanding you correctly . 
  so northern ireland would juridically be a eu customs territory ? 
  and people in northern ireland have to pay taxes and duties on the stuff they import from the uk ? 
  does n't sound like something ni/uk would want . 
  i do n't see how a border without border checks is possible as long as ireland stays in the eu customs union . 
  with the uk outside of the customs union ireland has to enforce the customs border . 
  they have to check goods that enter the eu and apply taxes and duties . 
  nobody cares about passport checks though . 
  it 's the same situation as with switzerland or norway . 
  they are not part of the customs union , so goods have to go through a customs check . 
  but they are both part of schengen ( in the case of ireland that would be the common travel area ) , so persons who have nothing to declare can cross the border wherever they want . 
   take into account though it is possible the west part of germany could have a higher gdp before 2000 than the east part of germany .
