according to [ this deterrence video ( in german ) ] ( http://www.bmi.bund.de/shareddocs/videos/de/05-migrationintegration/rueckfuehrung-westbalkan/rueckfuehrung-westbalkan-deutsch.html;jsessionid=a9d1997d46592d7c3f6f01f1f55ca1b1.2_cid295 ) from the interior ministry , by plane . 
  many planes . 
  actually , the idea is that people leave voluntarily . 
  forceful deportation is expensive for the deported , and it comes with a schengen ban . 
  you talk to government authorities in nigeria and pakistan . 
  then you arrange a deportation , like the actual flight . 
  countries will actually cooperate to take back their citizens . 
  in theory . 
  any source for judges being fined because they did n't `` pass '' ( whatever this means ) enough cases ? 
  only if you started reading news a month ago . 
   i just wonder how those parties will affect me in the future . 
  in germany ? 
  not at all . 
  these parties will not get enough influence to affect anyone . 
  wake me up if the russian ambassador of an important country , or even better , putin himself , says something like that . 
  ** realistically **, 
   btw , there was nothing about sharing shit west created in any treaty as definition of solidarity , right ? 
  list of countries in the coalition `` multi-national forces -- iraq '' : - ... - slovakia - ... 
  list of countries that were part of the international security assistance force : - ... - slovakia - ... 
  i assume germany should stop selling to the middle east , so france could sell even more ? 
  [ between 2010 and 2014 , 38 % of france arms exports went to the middle east . 
  in these 4 years 12 billion euro worth of french weapons went to saudi arabia . 
  ] ( http://www.defensenews.com/story/defense/policy-budget/industry/2015/06/02/french-arms-exports-best-years/28367351/ ), 
  i am pretty sure that your country limits private ownership as well . 
  otherwise infrastructure projects would be an even bigger nightmare . 
  you ca n't build railroads , roads or transmission lines if private property is sacred . 
   i though that private property is sacred in the west ... thankfully it 's not . 
  our constitution puts limits on private ownership . 
  `` ownership entails obligations . 
  its use shall also serve the public good . '', 
  owning empty apartments while people are homeless is contrary to the public good . 
   once they enter the job market with such a permit , employers are legally bound by the minimum wage of 8,50 $ / h. 
  yet . 
  the ifo institute has already said that the minimum wage should not apply for refugees . 
  because it hinders integration . 
  where are the 110,000 people that requested asylum in hungary between q2/14 and q2/15 ? 
  if hungary respects the law they should still be in hungary . 
  in q2/15 hungary decided on 600 or so asylum cases . 
  they should be called asylum seekers . 
  migrants is too broad . 
  in 2013 more than 1.2 million migrants came to germany . 
  less than 10 % of them were asylum seekers . 
  but that 's what hungary is doing for years ?!, 
  where are the 110,000 asylum seekers that requested asylum in hungary between q2/14 and q2/15 ? 
  news from 3 months ago ... 
  you seem to believe that syria is a middle aged country . 
  it 's not , they have things like schools there . 
  and believe it or not , even internet . 
   the hungarians were one of the few people in this whole invasion crisis to have some common sense and to step up to protect the indigenous people of the eu from merkel 's poor decision . 
  between q3/2014 and q2/2015 more than 110,000 people requested asylum in hungary . 
  how many of them were deported by hungary ? 
  hungary protects hungary . 
  nothing wrong with that , but if you let everyone pass to austria you ca n't claim to `` protect the indigenous people of the eu '' . 
  to clarify , that 's the procedure that is in place already . 
  if you request asylum in the eu , you get your fingerprints registered in the asylum seeker database named eurodac . 
  these are n't surface-launched missiles , these are weapons that will be launched by german tornados . 
  does poland even have bombers that are compatible to us nuclear bombs ? 
  and does polish air force personell have the required training to use us nuclear bombs ? 
   why not cut it with cheap bread flour ? 
  because that 's easy to detect . 
   well , asking from greece to allow turkey to patrol its waters is kinda in bad form . 
  who proposed something like that ? 
  eu , not germany . 
  germany is just making a suggestion . 
  pretty simple concept . 
  and yes , that would most likely run under the label frontex . 
  but for that , the mission of frontex has to be widened by a lot . 
  frontex has to be turned from an agency that does coordinate border protection agencies from different countries to an agency that runs border protection missions themselves . 
  viktor orban suggested the same a few days ago . 
   hungary 's prime minister viktor orban blamed greece for the refugee crisis in his country and said that the eu needs to deploy forces to greece 's borders . 
    `` if greece is not capable of protecting its borders , we need to mobilize european forces to the greek borders so that they can achieve the goals of european law instead of the greek authorities . 
  that 's the beauty of refusing to call refugees refugees . 
  `` we issued 300,000 work permits '' suddenly is equal to `` we host 300,000 asylum seekers '' . 
   after all turkey is a safe country . 
  according to the eu asylum procedures , it 's not ( yet ) . 
  refugees from hungary ? 
  they were moved to austria weeks ago . 
  in the eu hungary receives the highest number of asylum applications per capita . 
  yet they do n't want quotas . 
  guess why , they found their own solution , just send everyone to austria . 
  poland should have a welfare system . 
  if they are poles nobody is stopping them from moving to poland . 
  quick quick . 
  now that they cross through croatia , you can select all the qualified workers and enforce the eu asylum rules on them . 
  according to these rules they are not allowed to go to germany . 
  that 's your chance . 
  do n't worry . 
  we pay for the invited ones ourselves . 
  the eu pays for the 450,000 that requested asylum in germany in the two years before merkels `` invitation '' . 
  can we make a deal ? 
  we take the ones that entered the eu after merkels `` invitation '' . 
  the eu relocates the 450,000 that requested asylum in germany since 2014 . 
  i do n't get it . 
  if they are poles they do n't need to request asylum , they could just move to poland . 
  refugees do n't automatically gain citizenship . 
  if they are allowed to apply for citizenship it usually involves some integration and a job . 
  in germany they need to be able to speak german and they need a job that can support them and their family . 
  and besides that , eu citizens do n't have a legal right to welfare in other eu countries . 
  they can choose between getting some benefits in country x and getting no benefits and being illegal in all other countries ? 
  no need for a gun , nobody is forcing you to stay in the eu .
