  not sure what their policy on attempts is , but they could kick someone out of the program if they want . 
  but they can not tell the police about it . 
  the key point is consent . 
  a child can not consent to a sexual relationship with a pedophile . 
  homosexuals over the age of consent generally can . 
  and more rights for the police . 
  the ability to search everyone without probable cause is needed to protect germany from refugees !, 
  maybe . 
  to keep the number of asylum seekers that will be dumped on austria low , i would suggest to not let everyone in that is send by eastern europe . 
  because everything the police union says will be implemented by the government ? 
   ( all of them transported to austria ) which transports them to germany . 
  i really love this fucking union . 
   seehofer we could easily finance these 45 billions with a road toll for non-bavarians . 
   an insane situation created by their chosen leader . 
  yep . 
  the refugee influx into germany literally started late august . 
  no refugees before that . 
  and the federal office for migration and refugees did n't estimate the number of arrivals to 800,000 two weeks before merkels `` invitation '' either . 
  it 's all merkels fault . 
  yep , it would be used way to little if germany controlled the eu army . 
   why ? 
  both countries are part of the schengen system . 
  there are no border checks . 
  there are no systematic border checks . 
  but there are random checks . 
  and in that case it might be a good idea to have a valid id . 
  poland , not austria . 
  about you, 
  if you ca n't guarantee anonymity no one will seek help . 
  hehe . 
  the furthest right is most likely npd . 
  part of their party agenda is to reunite germany . 
  did you declare anything to customs ? 
  or were you stopped by customs so they could check your belongings ? 
  if not you could have kept it in the original box as well . 
  -- i bought a macbook in the us in 2010 . 
  in 2013 i was stopped while going through the green exit . 
  had to prove that the macbook was properly taxed , which i could n't do , so i had to pay taxes and was accused of an attempt of tax evasion . 
  that criminal proceeding was later discontinued because i paid a couple hundred euro . 
  would have been cheaper to either buy it in germany , or properly declare it on first entry . 
   however if it exceeds that value just unpack the product out of it 's box before you enter the plane and you should n't have to pay taxes . 
  custom officials are not that stupid . 
  they just check the serial number of the device . 
  or in case of a laptop they will see the us keyboard layout . 
  and if you ca n't show them an invoice they use google to determine its value . 
  which might be more than you actually paid . 
  and keep in mind that ** you ** have to be able to prove that an item was properly taxed . 
  they have advertisements that run on tv too . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ck3uocywb50 ( with english subtitles ) older ones : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vsvrdjoh2dc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuj4erzq90i, 
  for that turkey needs to be declared a safe country . 
  why this might not be a good idea is written in the article :  but safe country status is one of the more controversial issues , human rights organisations have warned , as it would effectively bar any turks or kurds from applying for asylum in germany at a time when it is coming under increasing attack for its deteriorating human rights record . 
  it would also trap refugees in turkey , a country without a stringent refugee policy , in exchange for the eu effectively turning a blind eye to the country 's increasingly dismal human rights record . 
    `` the eu must be dreaming . 
  how could turkey be considered a ` safe country ' , '' cengiz aktar , professor for eu relations at istanbul 's bah\u00e7e\u015fehir university told the guardian . 
  `` besides all the other human rights issues at the moment , turkey does not even have a full-fledged refugee policy . 
  they still apply geographical limitations and do n't consider syrians to be refugees in turkey , but ` guests ' . 
  this is why so many syrians want to leave in the first place , '' he said . 
  -- of course it would solve all our problems if we declare every single country in the world safe . 
  because then we do n't have to accept any refugees . 
  but that would clearly be against all these european values . 
  these articles are supposed to bring in ad revenue for yahoo . 
   can we still remove greece from the eu ? 
  i have a different proposal . 
  we return to eu15 and you do your own thing . 
   although i would keep the fine and the probation you realize that probation is only possible if the convict was sentenced to jail time ? 
   somehow i doubt they will be with literacy rates only somewhere around 80 % visiting school is mandatory in germany . 
  there is no such thing as a 80 % literacy rate in second generation immigrants . 
  most multinationals pay above minimum wage anyway . 
  minimum wage affects small businesses the most . 
  restaurants , small hotels , hairdressers and the like . 
   or maybe the bombs of mighty russia finished already ... 
  if they were in nato they could do what uk and france did when they ran out of bombs for libya . 
  if it 's so easy to deport them , why does n't the uk let them in to deport them themselves ? 
  just let 100 or 200 people through at a time . 
  no army needed . 
  since i do n't seek contact to asylum seekers i can only say things about my neighbors . 
  i like my syrian neighbors , and am a bit sad that some of them move to a different city soon . 
  they are always polite and speak pretty good german . 
  they asked me a few times if i could help them fix their bikes , the father from one of the families is still thanking me because two years ago i gave his son a couple tools for his bike . 
  they also have two lovely little girls who always run around the neighborhood to shout `` hallo '' at everyone . 
  i am pretty neutral to my current west balkan neighbors . 
  they throw trash from their balcony and use the window to dry their clothes , which is annoying because i always think it starts raining . 
  but at least they do n't make much noise . 
  i outright hated my former west balkan neighbors . 
  they threw even more trash from every window they had . 
  they were very loud and went on nightly trips to collect furniture and other shit from the bulk trash . 
  and once a month they were visited by a guy from kosovo who picked up all the nice things they collected . 
  which was fucking annoying , but apparently not something that requires action by police or the aid group that looked after them . 
  -- reaction of the community is complicated . 
  there are a couple very vocal people who are outright hostile . 
  as a whole it 's probably neutral to afraid . 
  my german neighbors were afraid to live next to refugees as well . 
  now their biggest problem is that the refugees do n't understand proper trash separation . 
  i think all the talk about refugees and the big numbers makes it easy to forget that these are actual people . 
  people with very different backgrounds and very different character traits . 
  some of them are nice , some of them are assholes , some of them are criminals . 
  good news . 
  ca n't wait until spitf , which is a very nice acronym for spain , italy and france take over the lead in the eu . 
   do n't forget that we adopted ius soli not too long ago . 
  for children of parents who are legally in germany for at least 8 years , if these parents have an unlimited residence right .
