  then just move to fucking sweden and get a job . 
   and why should a country be welcoming to migrants ? 
  because they are signatories of the un refugee convention ? 
  i know , i know , following treaties you have signed is for losers . 
  to beat people up , yes . 
   he did not explain what the problem of a falling population is . 
  the pension and health care system . 
  a population decrease would n't be a problem if it would happen in all age groups equally . 
  but that 's not what happens . 
  the number of young people decreases and the number of old people increases due to longer life expectancy . 
  and young people work to finance pensions and health care for old people . 
  the more old people the more money has to be paid by young people . 
  the less young people the more money has to be paid by each individual . 
  so you really believe that the first asylum seeker will be moved to rural germany right now ? 
  tens of thousands of asylum seekers already live in towns and villages that you 've never heard about . 
  lol sure thing . 
  they will leave their accommodations which are at least heated to live under bridges . 
  so where exactly would they move ? 
  to a comfy bench in the park or what ? 
  along the lines of `` this is wheat , nothing more . 
  but do n't put the container with the wheat in the sun , it might explode if it gets too hot '', 
  good idea . 
  as an alternative to military conscription . 
  which , considering the current state of the so called union , should be brought back immediately . 
  that 's what happens if you force people with incompatible values into a peaceful society . 
  it 's a natural reaction . 
   what should be the procedures to transport people unwilling to go to a place ? 
  handcuffed in a bus . 
   how should refugees be treated if they do not want to go to hungary or poland or romania ? 
  hungary has to figure that out . 
  they are responsible for these asylum applications . 
  that option is covered by the second part of my answer . 
  naive and desperate . 
  people smugglers tell them about the german paradise . 
  and desperate people want to believe . 
  that opinion would change if other eu countries would send back the [ 100,000 people that requested asylum in hungary between q2/14 and q2/15 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/2/2c/first_time_asylum_applicants%2c_q2_2014_\u2013_q2_2015.png ), 
   stop accepting boats so should greece violate turkish waters to tow these boats back ? 
  i do n't think turkey would like it if the greece navy operates in their territory . 
  and what do you do if they send a distress call and sink their boat ? 
  do you violate plenty international treaties and betray everything europe stands for , or do you rescue them and bring them to greece ? 
   after we are residents we would like to get married . 
  too bad homosexual people ca n't get married in germany . 
   there is no point , just let them walk out and leave . 
  yep . 
  that 's basically how the uk handles refugees . 
  let them go wherever they want . 
  the french make sure that they wo n't enter the uk . 
  that you ca n't take a nap on them is another plus for the cities . 
  there 's a not so new trend to make public seating as uncomfortable as possible for homeless people . 
  the majority wo n't receive welfare because they are too young . 
  up until 25 you are expected to receive support from your parents , respectively live with your parents if you ca n't afford your own household . 
  most of them will have another problem . 
  in germany it 's mandatory to go to school for 12 years until you are 18 . 
  young people who did n't find an apprenticeship will soon receive a letter that asks them how they plan to fulfill their compulsory education . 
  because i 've just read the relevant article in my local newspaper : there are currently 1700 apprenticeship positions still open in saxony . 
  683 young saxons that want to do an apprenticeship are still without one . 
  the deadline for starting an apprenticeship this year has just ended . 
  these 683 could have gotten one of the 1700 open positions , but they did n't . 
  wrong location , wrong company , wrong job , wrong qualifications . 
  the reasons are many and varied . 
  but the point is that 1700 positions could n't be filled . 
  in saxony alone . 
  so the hospital should give the blood to the private practice for free ? 
  there is one thing that stops them from entering europe . 
  the smuggler that wants to be paid . 
  if you remove the entry fee the influx will increase . 
  we could do that . 
  but 50 % of them have to be brought to the usa . 
  not according to eu asylum rules . 
  turkey is a safe country of origin , but not a safe third country . 
  syrians do n't receive asylum , according to un rules , in turkey . 
  do n't forget to ban conventional lighting , candles , every type of electronics and stupid people . 
  all these things are potential ignition sources that can turn a venue into an inferno.a lamp that is positioned too near to a curtain , faulty electrics , a unmindful performer who throws his shirt over a floor spot , or just an idiot guest who thinks that it 's cool to celebrate new years with his own fireworks . 
  unfortunately there is no sane way to ban all potential ignition sources . 
  if ignition happens , flame retardant and non-smoking materials make sure that even in the worst case you still have enough time to evacuate the venue . 
  fires will happen , there 's no way to really prevent that . 
  what can be prevented is that a small fire lights up the whole room in a matter of seconds . 
  if that club would have used proper flame retardant materials , the incident would n't even be national news . 
   they can communicate in german , but it is not the same german as natives speak so like saxons ? 
  so you are allowed to commit violent crimes if you are unhappy and were n't consulted about something ? 
  i 'm looking for a us citizen who i can attack because i was n't consulted about the bnd-nsa cooperation . 
  are you available ? 
  shut up , putin . 
  i do n't even want to imagine how many teens would follow him . 
   why giving refugees citizenship then ? 
  accepted refugees can get citizenship once they are in germany for 6 years and : 1 . are able to communicate in german 2 . have knowledge about our society , our laws and what you do if you are n't pleased with the current situation ( voting , demonstrating , no beheadings , no riots , no arson ) 3 . pledge to follow the german constitution 4 . have a clean criminal record , and most important : 5 . do n't require welfare to finance their household so refugees can get citizenship if they have jobs and are at least somewhat integrated . 
  why should we send those home ? 
  these are the refugees every country wants . 
   * spyros galinos suggests that refugees should be brought safely accross the aegan with ferry ships . 
  other greek politicians want to open the border with turkey . 
  *   to keep them from drowning in the sea , the mayor of the greek island of lesbos has demanded that ferries bring refugees directly and securely from turkey to greece . 
  spyros galinos told the athens newspaper kathimerini , as long as the eu does not exert pressure on turkey to control the influx , there is no choice other than to bring the people to registration in lesbos with a ferry . 
  the morgues of the island are full of victims . 
  `` we have to end this crime '' , galinos said . 
    greek youth and community organizations even urged the government in athens to open the country 's border with turkey along the river evros . 
  then the refugees would no longer undertake the dangerous crossing from the turkish coast to the greek islands . 
    the party youth of the left syriza governing party suggested that a ten-kilometer-long fence was to be torn down on the turkish-greek border . 
  the regional governor of the islands of the north aegean , christina kalogirou of the conservative opposition party new democracy , called on the government to think about the opening of the 200-kilometer land border with turkey . 
    to date , the government of prime minister alexis tsipras rejects a border opening . 
  deputy minister ioannis mouzalas , responsible for migration said this is currently not possible for technical reasons .
