  saturation level : 11, 
  i wish it was already 5 years after voting day so everything would finally be over . 
  no matter how the referendum ends , we 'll continue to see daily pieces about if for years . 
  do n't expect too much from that . 
  we have a similar system , since 2005 you can sign petitions on a government website . 
  we also need 50,000 signees , so relatively it 's a lower threshold than denmark . 
  if you reach the threshold the creator of the petition is invited to speak in front of the parliament . 
  the parliament will then discuss the proposal . 
  we had petitions about cannabis legalization , basic income , the improvement of the education system or things like adding an article about protecting the german language to the constitution . 
  since 2005 , one law has been changed because of a petition . 
  the parliament made bullbars on cars illegal . 
  a few months later , germany transposed an eu directive into law that also made them illegal . 
  contrary to popular believe , germany is an asshole when it comes to asylum policy . 
  a slow asshole , but still an asshole . 
  if your family is still tolerated in germany , a couple weeks before your 18th birthday you will receive a letter that ask you to leave the country once you are 18 . 
  even if you were born in germany and never visited the ex-yugoslavian countries . 
  that often makes the whole family leave `` voluntarily '' . 
   i still do n't understand the purpose of these policies . 
  in the 80s we had the ethiopian famine and we sent millions / billions in aid to help . 
  we had wars across africa and we sent aid . 
  because it was obviously crazy to just invite them to be taken care of/trained/housed / fed etc here in europe . 
  and yet now we see this exact policy . 
  we did n't do this during the first gulf war , or the 2nd . 
  but now it 's syria , now we do . 
  being from a country that has a famine is still no reason for asylum . 
  and being from a war zone is also not a reason for asylum . 
  the asylum seekers come to europe . 
  nobody invited them . 
  and nobody gives them asylum if they do n't qualify . 
   you do n't just abandon your life and move to another country unless you have to . 
  and they have to . 
  because refugee protection ends once the reason for it no longer exists . 
  but several countries allow refugees to get citizenship after 5 and more years , if they are able to support themselves and are at least somewhat integrated . 
  in fact , only being from an area of war does not qualify you for asylum . 
  if we would have had the refugee convention during ww2 , a german would not have qualified for asylum . 
  but a german jew or a german communist would have . 
  in the eu , people who are fleeing wars can get subsidiary protection . 
  but that gives you less rights than asylum . 
  and countries can say `` we 're full '' much easier for people who require subsidiary protection . 
  frontex was never supposed to do actual law enforcement . 
  they are like europol , they just coordinate law enforcement agencies of the member states . 
  when `` frontex sends 100 border guards to greece '' , they do n't actually do this . 
  they ask the member states to provide 100 border guards , and frontex coordinates their deployment to greece . 
  but if member states do n't supply enough officers , frontex ca n't do that . 
  and then you 'll read in the news that `` frontex only sent 20 of the 100 officers it has promised '' . 
  and then people blame the eu . 
  the german government is n't investigating anything . 
  we have separation of powers . 
  here 's the number of law enforcement officers frontex has : 0 good luck enforcing borders with that . 
  as someone else said , frontex just coordinates between national law enforcement agencies . 
   there is also an argument that article 28 of the 1969 `` treaty of vienna '' states that treaties can not be retroactively dismantled . 
  article 70 . 
  if the vienna convention is the reason why eu workers wo n't be deported , the uk citizens in france have a problem . 
  because france is not part of that convention . 
  but since the uk is part of it , the uk ca n't deport the french . 
  but freedom of movement is not an acquired right anyway , so it 's not covered by the convention . 
  people have freedom of movement because they are citizens of a eu country . 
  if a german resigns their german citizenship because he took the us citizenship , they lose their right to freedom of movement . 
  if you do n't have eu citizenship , you have no freedom of movement . 
  the uk and the eu will obviously negotiate treaties to allow residence rights for a temporary period . 
  but i would n't rely on all the brits that say that eu workers wo n't be deported . 
  nobody knows how these treaties will look like . 
   we wo n't expel any eu workers already in the uk should we vote for a brexit . 
  who says that ? 
  are there official statements ? 
   the law clearly states that this applies to non-eu migrants . 
  obviously . 
  the law would violate eu laws if it would n't say this . 
   a new law would have to be introduced so it applies to eu workers . 
  and what stops the uk from doing exactly that ? 
  the uk needs a lot of new laws regarding eu workers anyway . 
  extending the 35k rule to eu citizens is a great way to guarantee that the `` anyones '' from the eu leave while the skilled workers from the eu stay . 
  are there official statements that eu workers wo n't be affected by the 35k rule ? 
  aka the civilized version of hitting back . 
   i still do n't get why people have such a hard-on for the eu when all it should exist for is ensuring free trade . 
  countries that do n't want to be part of the eu , but want to participate in free trade can join efta , the european free trade association . 
  prominent members are iceland , liechtenstein , norway and switzerland . 
   it should never have delved beyond facilitating free trade and streamlining travel . 
  that 's called efta . 
  that 's exactly what the eu is doing . 
  i explained it here why this is currently a topic : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4e0tzm/european_union_to_consider_reimposition_of_visas/d1war7k tl ; dr : on 12 april 2014 the eu commission has published a list of countries that do n't offer full visa-free travel reciprocity for citizens of eu + schengen -- ireland -- uk . 
  after that a couple of tripartite meetings ( eu commission + affected eu member state + violating third country ) where held to discuss ways to improve the situation . 
  by eu regulations the commission has to propose to the eu parliament to stop visa-free travel for countries that do n't offer full reciprocity 2 years after the initial report . 
  that 's next week . 
  -- all violating countries have already said that their end goal is to offer visa-free for all eu citizens . 
  two ( brunei , japan ) of the five violating countries have established full compliance with the rules . 
  australia has significantly improved the number of auto-granted travel permits . 
  canada will or already has introduced visa exemptions for people who have travelled to the us or canada in the last 10 years . 
  the us did n't do much yet , but they 've reiterated the goals that are stated in the [ eu-us joint statement on `` enhancing transatlantic cooperation in the area of justice , freedom and security '' ] ( https://www.dhs.gov/sites/default/files/publications/privacy_eu_us_joint_statement_oct_2009.pdf ) of 2009 . 
  the situation is not as terrible as redditors from both sides of the pond think . 
  that 's also why the eu parliament will not pass visa restrictions . 
  continuing to work together productively just makes more sense . 
  iceland and norway are in schengen . 
  you would need a visa for them too . 
  when they say `` european union '' they actually mean `` countries that are part of the schengen area , or part of the eu , but not ireland , and not the uk '' . 
  ireland and the uk have a final opt-out from the schengen area . 
  other eu countries that are n't currently in the schengen area are obliged to join eventually , so they are covered by these rules too . 
  ireland and the uk could see increased tourism . 
  they would probably turn into a business meeting hub for the eu too . 
  but it wo n't happen .
