  combined air and land exercises commenced during 2011 with a view towards developing a full capability . 
  the cjef is also seen as a potential stimulus towards greater interoperability and coherence in military doctrine , training and equipment requirements . 
   germany and the netherlands , sweden and finland ... this is just delaying the inevitable eu army . 
  if these cooperations between two countries are a sign of an eu army , what are eu battlegroups , eurocorps , european air transport command and the european gendarmerie force ? 
  none . 
  because they made deals with safe third countries , namely papua new guinea . 
  they do n't stop people from entering , they bring them to other countries after they have entered . 
  without such deals they would not be able to stop the influx of people who have the right to asylum . 
  not even australia would tow a boat back to libya . 
  so who is going to be europe 's papua new guinea ? 
  because germany implements a eu directive ? 
  not everything is about refugees , even if media likes to paint it that way . 
  http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_statement-14-123_en.htm http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=celex:32014l0092, 
   everyone in greece gets registered in eu controlled camps and than transport in which ever country has space . 
  done . 
  now you just have to convince the 23 eu countries that are n't italy , greece , austria , germany and sweden to participate in such a quota system . 
  good luck with that . 
  turkey would surely love if the greek navy enters turkish waters to return asylum seekers . 
  if the tech companies would stand together telekom could request whatever they want . 
  guess what 's more important for the customer . 
  being with telekom or using whatsapp , facebook , youtube , spotify and the like ? 
  but they wo n't . 
  spotify already pays telekom . 
  and others will follow . 
  only regulation can solve that . 
  who in the eu has the balls to stop an ~ ~ abduction ~ ~ extraordinary rendition by the cia ? 
  he should stay in russia . 
  eu countries would do what they did during previous cia ~ ~ abductions ~ ~ extraordinary renditions from eu territory . 
  cover them up . 
  if the us want him they do n't care about requesting an extradition . 
  they just get him . 
  where will greece build its fence ? 
   they would immediately start towards germany again . 
  and will be stranded in austria because they wo n't be allowed to enter germany . 
  let 's look at the 10 point plan . 
  merkel says `` we are full '' it 's very possible that something like this happens as soon as next week . 
  i can guarantee that bavaria will push for that during the emergency meeting between seehofer and merkel that 's going to happen this weekend . 
  do n't let asylum seekers enter germany to fuck up austria ? 
  not in my union . 
  austria is the safe country that almost every single asylum seeker passes on their way to germany or sweden . 
  which means they all would strand in austria . 
  stop asylum seekers from entering the eu how ? 
  with deadly force ? 
  because harsh words wo n't suffice . 
  we have to realize that we can not stop these amounts of people without shooting at them . 
  we need the ability to turn them back , once they entered the eu . 
  which requires a deal with turkey , lebanon and the like . 
  then we could close the balkan route . 
  the hungarian fence works because there are routes that are not fenced off . 
  but short of deadly force you wo n't be able to stop thousands of people that storm your fence . 
  and then there 's the libya-med route . 
  which is orders of magnitudes harder to secure . 
  while a deal with turkey might be questionable because they do n't grant refugee rights for syrians , a deal with libya would be a clear violation of everything the eu stands for . 
  restriction of family reunification it is already restricted . 
  the restrictions that are in place will very likely be enforced more in the future . 
  abolishing of family reunification wo n't happen , because that would violate eu rights . 
  mandatory residence that is currently in place for asylum seekers and tolerated people . 
  but a few years ago some states increased the size of the area where they can travel . 
  all states except saxony and bavaria allow them to travel state wide . 
  in those two states people are limited to the administrative district . 
  the un refugee convention requires that accepted refugees are not limited in their right to residence in the country . 
  so germany can not do what hanning suggests without violating the un refugee convention . 
  so not going to happen . 
  a program to build accommodations for refugee . 
  both in germany as well as in the middle east . 
  refugees should help build them . 
  more financial help for the middle east so refugees can return . 
  for germany such a program exists since mid september . 
  the kfw bank was ordered to issue interest-free loans so municipalities can construct or renovate buildings for asylum seekers . 
  there wo n't be more than that . 
  hosting asylum seekers is a task for the states respectively the municipalities , not the federal government . 
  and i 'm not sure why and how refugees should help to build these accommodations . 
  at least not in germany . 
  he probably does n't realize how useless someone without proper education is on a construction site . 
  but increasing financial help is always a good idea . 
  but sending money wo n't stop isis . 
  so a bit more is necessary . 
  employment programs and mandatory integration and language courses for migrants first one is a good idea . 
  but depends on implementation , we have to make sure to not destroy the market by making minimum wage exceptions or similar things . 
  eu citizens first should stay the mode of operation . 
  and about language and integration courses ? 
  already mandatory . 
  the problem is capacity . 
  it 's outright impossible to give every asylum seeker access to these courses . 
  migration meeting between federal government and the states we just had one of these meetings . 
  but sure , have another one . 
  talks between federal government and representatives of businesses . 
  these talks currently happen on a state and municipal level . 
  i 'm not sure if the federal government could improve anything . 
  hire more police . 
  hire more people with migration background who know the culture and speak the language of the asylum seekers already happening . 
  well . 
  the job openings are there . 
  now we just need more applicants who are fit for the job . 
  during the first 3 months no asylum seeker is allowed to work . 
  when asylum seekers are recognized and receive protection as refugees they are allowed to work . 
  people who got their asylum request rejected but are tolerated are basically ( employer has to prove that there is no eu citizen available for the job ) not allowed to work for 18 months total . 
  people who got their request rejected and are required to leave are not allowed to work at all . 
  and once they are allowed to work they enter the employment statistics and are treated like every other resident . 
  if they want to receive welfare and do n't have a medical condition that prevents them from working , they have to look for work .
