  that 's how it has works for physical vat since decades , and that 's how it works for vat on digital goods since last year . 
  nobody is stopping the not-disgusting german providers to lay fibre . 
  but for some reason they do n't want to do that . 
  because they want to let telekom do the work , then they cry monopoly and want access to the lines that were paid by telekom . 
  and then everyone blames telekom because they do n't want to invest in new technologies . 
  the stupid regulation in germany hinders innovation . 
  not telekom . 
  and here i am with my ~ ~ up to 16 ~ ~ 2 mbit dsl for 29.99 $, 
  they should pay the same percentage of profit as a small to medium-sized entity has to pay . 
  why ? 
  because everything else is not fair for smes . 
  yes , you are getting this wrong . 
  under this proposal businesses that have a revenue of 750 million euro or more , have to pay taxes in eu countries in which they have entities registered . 
  not where they do sales . 
  example : apple has registered entities in almost all eu countries . 
  apple germany runs the apple stores in germany . 
  apple ireland works as their head company . 
  right now all apple entities in the eu move most of their profits to ireland . 
  under the new proposal each entity calculates its profit under the same harmonized corporate tax rules ( rules , not tax rates ) . 
  there will be a formula to distribute the taxable income to all countries where apple has an entity . 
  and apple has to pay the local corporate tax on that part of the income . 
  : - apple france makes 1 billion euro profit - apple germany makes 1.5 billion euro profit - apple ireland makes 0.5 billion euro profit today ( oversimplified ) : - apple transfers these 2.5 not-irish billions to ireland , and they pay the irish corporate tax on 3 billion euro profit . 
  with this proposal : - allocation formula is calculated according to sales tax ( much harder to cheat on this ) , or whatever factor they choose . 
  let 's assume they come up with 40 % for france , 50 % for germany , 10 % for ireland - apple transfers these 2.5 not-irish billions to ireland . 
  and then they pay to the german tax authority the german corporate tax on 1.5 billion euro , france gets the french corporate tax on 1.2 billion euro and ireland gets the irish tax on 300 million euro . 
  we have minimum wage , so the very cheap labor from romania and poland is as expensive as the very cheap labor from nigeria or morocco . 
  i know , i know , they are supposed to work illegally , below minimum wage . 
  a year after introducing minimum wage , the german government came up with that genius plan to bring wages down . 
  yeah . 
  because the v4 countries were so active in finding actual solutions . 
  remember when orban traveled through africa to discuss repatriation ? 
  me neither . 
  do you realize that hungary let in ten-thousands of asylum seekers into the schengen zone before they built their fence ? 
  merkel did n't tore down the previous fence . 
  hungary saved themselves , no one else . 
   i wish there was a eu wide referendum into accepting turkey as a member . 
  it would show our politicians they are severely misguided , that turkey has no place in the eu . 
  only if we can have retroactive referendums about previous eu enlargements as well . 
  the eu is not waiting at all . 
  but they know that threats wo n't work , so they use regular tripartite meetings to discuss how visa policy can be improved . 
  you know , trying to get to a solution in a constructive way . 
  threats to force countries to implement changes that undermine their national sovereignty do n't even work in the eu . 
  they wo n't work in canada and certainly not in the us . 
  the visa policy of the schengen area covers the schengen area and all eu members except ireland and the uk . 
  since romania and bulgaria are obliged to join the schengen area the visa rules concern them too . 
   seems to me like it 's a consideration , not a rule . 
  that 's probably one of the reasons why the eu has clarified that in [ regulation ( eu ) no 1289/2013 ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=oj:l:2013:347:0074:0080:en:pdf ) i wo n't bother with the law changes , but :  whereas :   ( 1 ) the reciprocity mechanism to be implemented if a third country listed in annex ii to council regulation ( ec ) no 539/2001 ( 2 ) applies a visa requirement for nationals of at least one member state needs to be adapted in the light of the entry into force of the treaty of lisbon and of the case-law of the court of justice of the european union on secondary legal bases . 
  in addition , that mechanism needs to be adapted to provide for a union response as an act of solidarity , if a third country listed in annex ii to regulation ( ec ) no 539/2001 applies a visa requirement for nationals of at least one member state . 
    ( 2 ) upon receipt of a notification from a member state that a third country listed in annex ii to regulation ( ec ) no 539/2001 applies a visa requirement for nationals of that member state , all member states should react in common , thus providing a union response to a situation which affects the union as a whole and subjects its citizens to differing treatment . 
    ( 3 ) full visa reciprocity is an objective which the union should pursue in a proactive manner in its relations with third countries , thus contributing to improving the credibility and consistency of the union 's external policy . 
  sch\u00e4uble did n't suggest to replace individual armies with a single one . 
  france and germany do n't need to have the same foreign policy if they , as eu members , can agree on a common foreign policy for the eu . 
  and the result is called the `` common foreign and security policy '' . 
  so yes , it 's needed . 
  but it exists already . 
  the eu already undertakes overseas military operations . 
   the eu should have reciprocated the visa requirement for the citizens of the us and canada long ago eu wide . 
  only if romania compensates the other members for the economic losses that are caused by abolishing visa-free access between north america and the eu . 
   it says so in the treaties . 
  it does n't . 
  it says that future travel agreements need to have full reciprocity . 
  and it says that existing agreements should have full reciprocity . 
  and it says that the schengen area ( which includes future members ) can revoke visa-free access for the violating country . 
  but nowhere does it say that the schengen area has to do that . 
  neither canada nor the us will comply because the eu threatens them with the removal of visa-free access . 
  so there 's just nothing to win . 
  but a lot to lose . 
  there are regular tripartite meetings between the violating country , the violated country and the eu to improve conditions . 
  that should be enough . 
  generally , i do n't see why canada and the us should have to face consequences because we decided to enlarge the union . 
  canada and the us had visa-free access to the eu long before romania joined . 
  offering `` bilateral support to eu members ** outside the eu budget ** '' sounds very much like a bribe . 
  we have similar requirements in germany . 
  a porn site needs a proper age verification system . 
  which is a bit more complicated than clicking the `` i 'm over 18 '' button , or checking for valid id card numbers . 
  so you have to register and pay at sites like x-check . de or ueber18.de , which are the most widely adopted age verification system in germany . 
  to get your id you basically have to verify your identity . 
  but people just use porn sites from the us , which have a `` i 'm over 18 '' button or no ` protection ' at all . 
  because providing porn to people under 18 is illegal ? 
  what rule is that ? 
  council regulation ( ec ) no 539/2001  article 1    the purpose of this regulation is to determine the third countries whose nationals are subject to , or exempt from , the visa requirement , on the basis of a case-by-case assessment of a variety of criteria relating , inter alia , to illegal immigration , public policy and security , economic benefit , in particular in terms of tourism and foreign trade , and the union 's external relations with the relevant third countries , including , in particular , considerations of human rights and fundamental freedoms , ** as well as the implications of regional coherence and reciprocity . 
  ** but the eu is in fact working to achieve visa reciprocity with canada and us , and other violating countries . 
  does this have a reputable source ? 
  reputable as in : not only piggybacking on the name `` herald tribune '' . 
   we would also only get people who are valid for asylum . 
  and a lot more of them . 
  do you realize that 38.4 % of all asylum decision that were made in 2015 in the eu ended in asylum ? 
  the eu refugee quota for syrians is easily above 80 % . 
  that 's how the swiss thousands separator looks . 
   i recall people who said eu should help remotely were accused of racism , xenophobia , intolerance and whatnot . 
  got some quotes ? 
   yes now there a new rules , this is true , and by the new rules germany could n't have saved its own banks which is a bit ironic . 
  how is that ironic ? 
  the eu members decided that such bailouts are not good for the banking system , so they made them impossible . 
  and those rules were n't forced upon germany by the eu . 
  germany had similar legislation way before that . 
   i do n't want sanctions against germany , in fact italy never required them and yes there is a disparity of treatment among the states , there are countless examples , these are just a few . 
  if there are countless examples of germany ignoring laws , name a few where germany actually violates laws . 
  the mip procedures are the same for every country . 
   this is just not true it is .
