  disregarding things like the 2 years warranty you get in the eu . 
  it took like 2 years until prices were back at pre-flood level instead of the initial projection of 1 year . 
  one reason for the delay was that manufacturers did n't just fix their production lines , many of them took the opportunity to upgrade to newer technologies . 
  which took additional time . 
  it 's highly unlikely that price fixing was involved . 
  what a stupid conspiracy . 
  as if a company is required to put all their stock onto the market . 
  apple simply does n't sell any spare parts on the free market . 
  maybe for the better . 
  here 's what he wrote in the guestbook of the yad vashem holocaust museum :  it is a great honor to be here with all of my friends . 
  so amazing + will never forget !, 
  regular software updates is pretty much the opposite of `` planned obsolescence '', 
  that 's what putin said . 
  we 'll have a hard time to argue that russian actions in ukraine are a violation of the law while doing the same to other countries . 
  nafta would cease to exist the moment canada joins the eu customs union . 
  countries inside a customs union ca n't have individual trade agreements . 
  it would be extremely stupid for canada to become part of the eu customs union . 
  they would have abolish their trade agreements with the us . 
  and 74 % of the canadian exports go to the us , and 54 % of the canadian imports come from the us . 
  they will never be able to offset the loss of trade with the us with trade in the eu . 
  my bottles do n't end up in the ocean . 
  people in other countries wo n't stop throwing their bottles away if i stop buying plastic bottles . 
  and good luck keeping them for more than a year . 
  most of the people that require active recruitment to leave a southern european country will dislike the weather , the mentality , the language or something else in their new country so much that they 'll return home . 
   why is natural water carbonated ?? 
  does n't taste stale when kept at room temperatures . 
   and you could not find silent water in a hospital , out of all the places . 
  in the two hospitals i have experience with they had a machine that dispensed either tap water or carbonated tap water . 
  mostly 1.5 liter bottles . 
   i still do n't understand why the eu as whole does n't work together on this . 
  they do . 
  should cap their work hours at the national average too . 
  the echr has fined italy before . 
  confession time . 
  i drink around 1000 liters of bottled carbonated water per year . 
  nobody is denying that there are jobs that have specific requirements that ca n't be fulfilled by certain disabled people . 
  the vast majority of jobs do n't have these requirements . 
   black , because ist burned down . 
  and because sandstone develops a dark patina over time . 
  the new brighter stones will eventually darken too . 
  and we ca n't find the healthy and willing among the 5.7 % unemployed in my county . 
  the local cleaning service in my small city does n't accept new clients because they ca n't find people who are willing to mop a floor while behaving like a normal being . 
  i know , i know , if they would offer 25 $ per hour instead of 10 $ they would find them . 
  \\ #magabut ^ ^ ^ \\ #makeamericagreatagainbyundoingtrump, 
  you must be very young . 
  only in the mind of an edgy teenager . 
  just for 5 or so more years . 
   dresden lost its main anti-war memorial right in the city center . 
  and turned it into its main reconciliation memorial . 
  my bet is still on a time limited temporary membership in the single market until a trade agreement has been finalised . 
  cold war west, 
  i even heard about the `` when under threat of persecution or compulsion '' part . 
  they are playing the long con of population replacement . 
  if all the germans are gay , muslims will be the majority even earlier . 
  less relevant if the aggressor itself is part of nato . 
  especially if the aggressing country is more relevant for nato for example because of its geostrategic location . 
  if turkey would n't have been part of nato in 1974 there 's a very good chance that we would n't have a divided cyprus right now . 
  with turkey in nato there 's a good chance that aggressions will end in `` calm down . 
  just a bunch of uninhabited islands , not worth to risk turkey aligning with russia '' . 
  we had the similar system [ bildschirmtext ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bildschirmtext ) . 
  the uk had [ prestel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prestel ) . 
   having an armed population on the other hand would give the population a better chance against terrorists until the police arrive . 
  i would say it causes a lot more trouble for the police . 
  because suddenly not everyone with a gun is a potential terrorist . 
  when we look at the latest terrorist incidents we 'll notice that there are almost always false reports from more terrorists respectively heard gunshots from other parts of the city . 
  what happens if a brave man draws his gun in such a situation ? 
  another brave man might use his gun in self defence to kill the supposed attacker . 
  of course . 
  the extent of the migrant crisis would n't have been possible without countries like hungary who let in hundreds of thousands into the schengen area . 
  in 2015 , before merkel supposedly invited everyone , hungary already registered 400,000 asylum seekers . 
  guess how many people would have tried the balkan route if their final destination would have been greece ( which defacto is not part of schengen if we 're talking about land borders ) or serbia instead of the schengen area . 
  with schengen it pretty much is . 
  as long as they are officially married in their home country . 
  and it has been like this for quite some time . 
  see also the whole controversy about germany recognising child-marriages that would not be legal in germany . 
  and have a job that can pay for your whole household . 
  i doubt that emigrating will solve your problems , it will probably make them worse . 
  but as a eu citizen , you can live and work in every eu country and in iceland , norway , switzerland and with some limitations liechtenstein . 
  without asking for permits and without applying . 
  neither merkel nor juncker have external schengen borders , they ca n't let in people into the schengen area . 
  orban on the other hand ... ... let in more than 400,000 people before merkel invited them all . 
  per my google-fu : richard i of england , also known as richard the lionheart . 
  the building is a museum , and the poster advertises an exhibition that starts in september . 
  hehe . 
  foreigner does n't want to move to germany because there are too many foreigners . 
  and let 's face it , for the vast majority of germans sp\u00e4taussiedler are just foreigners with a right to citizenship . 
  the news reappeared slightly differently . 
  last july they changed the law to limit responsibilities of wifi operators . 
  in september the european court of justice ruled that wifi operators can not be held responsible for violations of users , but operators can be forced to stop reoccurring copyright violations . 
  as far as i remember the court did n't clarify or limit the ways to stop these violations , so things like password protecting their hotspot , or by making their hotspot only available to registered users were on the table . 
  which lead to new insecurity among hot spot operators , because they believed rights-holders will just force them to password protect their hotspot , which would basically shut them down . 
  this change now clarifies the nullification of liabilities further , and clarifies that wifi operators do n't have to limit general access to stop reoccurring violations . 
  instead they have to block certain websites if the rights-holders ask them to do so . 
  in that case the rights-holders can not bill the operators . 
  in civilian law you can claim a lot of things . 
  law offices will continue to go after people who download content illegally . 
  it 's up to you to convince the court that you actually run a legitimate hotspot and do n't just use that as an excuse to download basically everything . 
  the excuse of being technically inept and accidentally running an open hotspot is nothing new for these law firms . 
  oh and according to the new law rights holders can force you to block specific sites in your hotspot . 
  germany is an attractive destination because we have jobs .
