  if you have next to nothing you might be able to double your income if you find a euro on the street . 
  killing your own children and killing your own children is not related just because the two murderers do n't have the same religion ? 
  and bulgaria , and many others , followed their calls for war in the middle east . 
  showing the eu flag and wishing the far right luck is just slightly less ironic than poles with the flag of silesia who do the same . 
  i wish i were as smart as you , but i 'm not . 
  so please tell me . 
   put their application on hold while they sit in prison awaiting trial . 
  what 's the point of this ? 
  according to the un refugee convention , which is the base for asylum laws in the eu , only very few crimes void the right to asylum . 
  you basically have to be a war criminal to lose that right . 
  exchanging a few punches during lunch is not such a crime . 
  so even if you hold the application for 10 years , if the person qualifies for asylum they will receive it after that time . 
  and during the waiting time you still have to host them , because according to the same laws , people need to be protected until you have proven that they are not persecuted or otherwise threatened . 
  on the other hand , if you do n't hold their application and the person does not qualify for protection , you can deport them earlier . 
  only a few unique news articles a day when there are million of refugees in europe ? 
  or the fact that right wing ~ ~ media ~ ~ bloggers have to falsely label incidents as refugee problems , even if these incidents happened years ago and are not at all related to refugees ? 
  that does n't make much sense . 
  western courts are used to it . 
  but we call these cases extended suicide or family drama instead of honor killings . 
  just last sunday two kids ( 4 year old girl and 5 year old boy ) died in an attempt of suicide by car , because their father ( he survived ) decided that the family should commit suicide after his wife left him . 
  german source : http://www.mdr.de/sachsen/bautzen/unfaelle196_zc-95ff19c4_zs-3f933f6c.html these cases do n't even make national news . 
  i ca n't stop laughing either . 
  until a few weeks ago , when john oliver primarily talked about us issues like health care , police militarization , the prison system , or nuclear weapons he was a true hero for us europeans . 
  putting the finger in the wound of failed us policy . 
  now he 's just a leftist asshole that is pushing propaganda . 
  what 's the german identity ? 
  when you walk around , you see more obviously foreign faces . 
  that 's basically it . 
  because she wrote her dissertation in 1991 ? 
  this time it 'll work !, 
   how come they have access to irritant gas ? 
  because they went to a shop and bought it . 
  or maybe they ordered it on amazon . 
  cs gas is like 5 $ a can . 
  the un refugee convention , which is the foundation of all the refugee laws in the eu , does not allow to reject asylum because of such offences . 
  short of committing a war crime people will receive asylum . 
  in reality it would just be against the laws that every eu country implemented . 
  namely the un refugee convention . 
   article 1   [ ... ]  f . the provisions of this convention shall not apply to any person with respect to whom there are serious reasons for considering that :  ( a ) he has committed a crime against peace , a war crime , or a crime against humanity , as defined in the international instruments drawn up to make provision in respect of such crimes ;  ( b ) he has committed a serious non-political crime outside the country of refuge prior to his admission to that country as a refugee ;  ( c ) he has been guilty of acts contrary to the purposes and principles of the united nations . 
   i just feel like most europeans would n't act the same . 
  are residents of the west balkan countries europeans ? 
  the second largest group of people who officially requested asylum in germany in 2015 were from albania . 
  third largest group was from kosovo . 
  sixth largest group from serbia . 
  9th largest group from macedonia . 
  each year hundred-thousands of eu citizen leave their country for economic reasons . 
  asylum seekers pick their host country for the very same reasons . 
  once you leave your country , it does n't really matter if you move 500 km or 5000 km . 
  if you have to start a new life you could very well do it in a country that allows you to earn or get a lot of money . 
  if it was so obvious , why did you argue against it instead of agreeing to relocation ? 
  orban and kaczynski could have told countless stories about ungrateful refugees who left their countries after their countries opened their hearts and wallets for them . 
  and according to donalds , the elections are no longer rigged . 
  while they were still voting there was voters fraud everywhere . 
  and the minute trump got the lead the elections were unrigged . 
  even according to the one and only donald , who quickly deleted his tweet from 2012 where he complained about the election system because the guy with fewer votes won . 
   why on earth would any non-nato eu country sign up to a military pact with other countries who already have military obligations through another pact ? 
  they already have . 
  the eu mutual defence clause is very similar to article 5 . 
  an almost 24 hour delay . 
  how long did it take your media to report on cologne ? 
  it 's only democracy if the party you favour wins . 
  donald trump has since deleted his `` the phoney electoral college made a laughing stock out of our nation . 
  the loser one ! '' tweet from 2012 . 
   it 's not about estonia being able to defend itself in isolation though . 
  if we are talking about countries paying for defence of other countries it is . 
  no matter how many nato countries spend 2 % , the us still has to spend money on canadian/european defence . 
  every nato country has outsourced a part of their defence to the us . 
  that 's undeniable . 
  every country that continues to stay in nato would increase defence spending if the us leaves . 
  the us would not do that if a country leaves nato . 
  considering that there were years where us has spend more than 5 % of their gdp on defence i also do n't see how 2 % is an equal share . 
  even when they are back at 3.61 % ( [ 2016 estimate ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/news_132934.htm ) ) now . 
   we do n't care about what that mid-level bank clerk has to say about us at all . 
  so that 's why you are very active in this thread to tell everyone how shitty their opinion is . 
  and force frenchfriesinanus to change his username to freedomfriesinanus, 
  now that the donald has won the usa , his supporters spread out so he can win the world !, 
  time to rename french fries and the german chocolate cake !, 
  2 % is not the actual cost of defence for many countries . 
  it 's just an arbitrary nato target . 
  estonians 2 % do n't allow them to have peace-time air policing . 
  all countries you have mentioned would increase their defence spending if the us leaves nato . 
  where `` as long as they could '' was less than a day . 
  because people that agree with the article do n't feel the need to state `` this article is correct '' in the comments . 
  nato covers its members in north america and europe . 
  neither ceuta nor hawaii or the falklands are covered . 
  a us vessel which is attacked in the south chinese sea , is n't covered by nato either . 
   if anyone wants to comment on the bail-outs greece received just remember , that money mainly went to financial institutions . 
  not this shit again . 
  the money from these financial institutions went to greeks before the financial crisis . 
  that 's why these financial institutions needed a bail-out after greece was unable to pay the loan instalments . 
  that 's how loans works . 
  you do n't take a loan from a bank and then complain that the bank is stealing your money when they want you to pay back that loan . 
  greece also received a haircut that was larger than what europe received from the marshall plan . 
  you should make you own union . 
  with serbia and turkey . 
  flatrate over the lifetime of the digital book ? 
  so the library pays 10 $ per month for `` 50 shades of grey '' , until the author has been dead 80 years ? 
  that kills libraries , because they will eventually have ten-thousands of books on their digital shelves . 
  the other option is that the library will reduce its digital inventory to the top 100 bestsellers each year . 
  it 's either initial purchase compensation , which then limits the model to `` one copy , one user '' , or per user compensation .
