  how ? 
  it 's not greece that keeps these 50,000 asylum seekers in greece . 
   it also would help many countries because they could release their local armies - after they gained some trust - and invest this money somewhere else . 
  so even less military spending and even more reliance on nato ? 
  i doubt that the us would approve that . 
  eu citizens enjoy freedom of movement in switzerland and norway . 
  nobody in the eu will stop the uk from joining the eea on norway 's terms . 
  but considering that freedom of movement seems to be the most important argument of brexiters , i doubt that the uk would choose that route . 
  so basically the eu battlegroups ? 
  currently soldiers from the polish led visegr\u00e1d battlegroup ( poland , czechia , slovakia , hungary , ukraine ) are ready to be deployed . 
  in the second half of 2016 a german-czech-austrian battlegroup ( austria , germany , belgium , czechia , ireland , luxembourg , croatia ) will be on standby . 
  why would anyone visit / r/all ? 
  the uk wants to leave the eu to have full control over its border . 
  but they still want france to do the actual border policing . 
  did i understand that correctly ? 
  they are all jealous !, 
  eu exporters sell to many countries that are not part of the single market . 
  so who pulls the strings ? 
  if you leave the eu , which gives you access to the single market , you will no longer have access to the single market . 
  who would have thought . 
  nobody will veto if the uk decides to join norway in efta . 
  but then they have to adopt freedom of movement again . 
  which would be pretty hard considering that the abolishment of freedom of movement is the most important thing for most brexiters . 
   `` it would require the country to abide by the rules of a club from which it currently wants to withdraw . 
  if the majority in britain opts for brexit , that would be a decision against the single market . 
  in is in . 
  out is out . 
  one has to respect the sovereignty of the british people . '', 
  scot-free means `` without consequences '' , not `` without scotland '' . 
   they 're not only `` pointing out the consequences '' they 're also implying that deals that other countries have , like norway , switzerland , ... 
  the article disagrees with you . 
   paris and other eu capitals hope that britain would adopt norway 's model of trade with the union , under which it accepts all eu regulations including the free movement of workers in exchange for access to the single market . 
  yes . 
  the principle of supply and demand stays in effect in the foreseeable future . 
  but currently the population of germany is increasing . 
  even if you exclude non-eu migration . 
   syria ( 24 % ) , albania ( 17 % ) , kosovo ( 14 % ) , serbia ( 11 % ) , afghanistan ( 11 % ) , iraq ( 9 % ) , eritrea ( 4 % ) , macedonia ( 4 % ) , pakistan ( 4 % ) and nigeria ( 2 % ) . 
  24 + 17 + 14 + 11 + 11 + 9 +4 + 4 + 4 + 2 = 100 what statistic is that ? 
  here are some numbers from the official crime statistics ( [ pks 2015 , german ] ( http://www.bka.de/nn_229440/de/publikationen/polizeilichekriminalstatistik/pks__node.html?__nnn=true ) ) : - country : suspects including crimes against auslg - without auslg - syria : 134,177 - 14,349 - afghanistan : 61,097 - 10,032 - serbia : 33,561 - 26,921 - romania : 52,531 - 51,997 auslg covers things like entering germany without valid papers . 
  -- and if you want to dig deeper : of 7096 non-german people who were suspected of `` theft by burglary of a dwelling '' ( 244 abs 1 nr 3 . 
  stgb ) : - 505 were from albania - 184 from algeria - 210 from bosnia and herzegowina - 158 from bulgaria - 455 from georgia - 197 from italy - 299 from kosovo - 237 from croatia - 119 from lithuania - 191 from morocco - 500 from poland - 769 from romania - 804 from serbia - 563 from turkey - 312 unknown i left out countries with less than 100 suspects , but for completeness - 72 from syria - 33 from afghanistan - 2 from eritrea - 44 from iraq - 2 from nigeria - 13 from pakistan, 
   it 's mostly due to gangs crossing borders after the eastern expansion of the eu . 
  do n't forget visa-free entry into the schengen zone for albania and serbia . 
  you guys started two world wars !, 
  those damn lying statistics !, 
  in the end , nationals have more rights than eu citizens . 
  if you take things like brexit into account citizenship will also remove a lot of uncertainty . 
  for eu citizens dual citizenship is generally possible . 
  so you might even get two passports for a little bit of paperwork and a fee . 
  open borders and lacking ( inter ) national cooperation reduce the chances of getting caught . 
  once the police report is filed , the culprits have already moved to the next region . 
  combine that with poverty and high unemployment in some european countries and you get burglar gangs that enter the schengen zone , break into offices and houses , sell the stolen goods and move on . 
  because in the eu , countries do n't control the economy . 
  this particular statistics only includes eu citizens who have been in germany for more than 90 days . 
  you only gain the right to permanent residence after having lived 5 years in a eu member country . 
  until there 's an official statement by the uk government , everything can happen . 
  and to the surprise of no one , these statements do not exist . 
   i borrow from someone . 
  i lend to someone . 
  oh , that 's why writing these sentences felt wrong . 
   meanwhile how many are moving to germany in 2014 , we had a net migration of 339,309 eu citizens ( excluding germans ) who made use of freedom of movement . 
  in the first 9 months of 2015 , we already had a net migration of 321,920 eu citizens , or 14.5 % more than in the first 9 months of 2014 . 
  source : [ bamf freiz\u00fcgigkeitsmonitoring ( german , page 11 ) ] ( https://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/publikationen/broschueren/freizuegigkeitsmonitoring-jahresbericht-2015.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ) for comparison : according to [migrationwatchuk.org ] ( http://www.migrationwatchuk.org/statistics-net-migration-statistics/#create-graph ) the uk had a net migration of 174,000 eu citizens in 2014 , and 184,000 eu citizens in 2015 . 
  considering that the eu did n't reject the polish , lithuanian and latvian memberships , it probably would n't . 
  the eu ca n't control its border because it does n't have the mandate to control its borders . 
  eu members have limited frontex in its capabilities to a point where frontex is a statistics agency that knows the phone numbers of border agencies of all eu members . 
  as a reminder , the actual number of law enforcement officers frontex has : 0 -- the eu does n't have an immigration policy either . 
  that 's also a responsibility of eu member states . 
   pretty much guaranteed so not guaranteed ? 
  or is there an official government statement ? 
  you borrow money to germany , and germany will pay you back in 10 years . 
  with negative yields in 10 years you will get back less money than you have borrowed to germany . 
  that 's in nominal terms , ignoring inflation . 
  fun fact : eu membership of a country requires approval by every single eu member . 
   in theory everyone in spain can move to malta . 
  those are the rules . 
  do you think malta would allow for that ? 
  if they would n't allow it they would violate eu treaties and they would have to live with the consequences , i.e. 
  sanctions . 
   several countries have imposed temporary controls when they feel threatened . 
  which eu country has done that ? 
  it 's also ridiculous to compare malta to the uk and to construct `` every single person '' scenarios . 
  as if the uk was a tiny island that would get billions of immigrants every year . 
   the same could happen in britain no it wo n't . 
  there is no way that the eu unanimously decides to abolish freedom of movement . 
  if they want to limit immigration from eu countries they have to leave the eu and the single market . 
   or pushing it regardless for everyone while they should n't be basically the international version of `` according to a judgement from lg hamburg in 12 . 
  may 1998 , i have to tell you that i am not liable for links on my website '' . 
   but doing that because you ditched nuclear energy because of some emotional reaction about a nuclear disaster that happened on the other side of the earth , in a seismically active area , is just idiotic itself . 
  germany would have phased out nuclear energy anyway . 
  that was put into law in 2002 . 
   `` whilst colloquial terms like ` grexit ' or ` brexit ' have obviously made it into the public discourse , in the commission services we prefer using accurate terminology , '' said commission spokesman alexander winterstein . 
  `` but we do n't do language policing here , and our commissioners are certainly free to use any term they want in their political communication . '', 
  neither eu nor nato want such a mad man in their club . 
  so going north korea ? 
  great idea . 
  but what happens if these allies say : leave the npt , and we will kick you out of nato . 
  nobody in the world wants more nuclear armed countries . 
   some w. european countries wo n't have balls to support that , most likely it would be german government . 
  it will be literally every government in the world that opposes the idea that the baltics get nuclear weapons .
