  first of all , the eu fiscal government would be placed in athens . 
  so they can see what they have to solve with their own eyes . 
  and the fiscal parliament members would be elected by all eu citizens . 
  a bunch of seats will be filled by greeks . 
  maybe that 's enough to stop fears of colonial style misbehavior . 
  one can only dream ... 
  i think that 's the logic that is actually used . 
  we already see that in the eu . 
  countries that are net-contributors have stronger anti-eu movement than net-receivers and payments are a very big part of their arguments . 
  we also see this in germany on a truely federal level . 
  the number of bavarians who think that bavaria should leave germany has grown a lot since bavaria turned into a net-contributor . 
  if the eu would be a federation these money flows would be much bigger . 
  i would bet quite a bit of money that bavaria would try to leave the eu federation and the german federation rather quickly . 
  it 's greece vs. germany since years . 
  it 's nazis vs. eurocaust victims since years . 
  it 's smart economists with nobel prizes vs. the idiot in the wheel chair since years . 
  nothing has changed . 
  just that twitter took a break from \\ #bringbackourgirls , \\ #blacklivesmatter , or whatever the hot topic is that we can support by hitting the retweet button enthusiastically . 
  by the end of the week they 'll find another hashtag , and everyone has forgotten the eu flags with the swastikas that they retweeted . 
  i said it before . 
  germany has to leave the eu to join eea as a passive member . 
  no more manipulation . 
  no more euro-supremacy . 
  no more world war 3 - economy edition . 
  we are obviously too dangerous for the world . 
  so we should move ourself into a position were we do n't have any say . 
  we should get rid of our military as well . 
  for the safety of our neighbors . 
  let the eu live in prosperity without the constant threat of crisis manipulation . 
  well ... we might just have a willing guinea pig in the eu . 
  i wonder under what circumstances greece ( that would obviously need a referendum ) would agree to hand over all fiscal power to a newly created eu ministry that is independent from all nation states . 
  something like fiscal union lite as an experiment for 10 years . 
  as compensation greece receives a generous debt restructuring and money transfers . 
  it ca n't be worse than the 10 years that will come anyway . 
  next final deadline is july 20 . 
  this time for real . 
  just people who love to retweet dank eu flags that have little swastikas instead of stars . 
   `` give away '' ? 
  first , it 's a loan . 
  and greece would never ask for debt restructuring . 
  the alternative was that each country bails out it 's own banks directly if necessary . 
  the alternative was not to let the banks collapse . 
  because that would have destroyed the national banking system . 
  bailing the banks out directly would have been a problem for at least greece , portugal and spain . 
  so their banking systems would have collapsed . 
  which would have taken down their economies even more . 
  capital controls and instant austerity would have been next . 
  followed by leaving the eurozone a few weeks later . 
  kfw is pretty much a regular loan bank . 
  i have an account with them , for my student loan . 
  someone who owns a house might get a loan from the kfw to upgrade to environmental friendly heating . 
  if you found a business you might be able to get a loan from the kfw as well . 
  greece can always say oxi to the bailout plan . 
  that 's the difference to germany post-ww1 . 
  we should create a fund that is owned by the institutions that contribute to the bailout . 
  it 's not like germany gets the townhall of athens anyway . 
  the assets would be sold . 
  and money is easily dividable . 
  but i thought the fund will actually sell the assets . 
  so it 's not a collateral anyway . 
  i agree . 
  that 's why i propose that germany leaves the eu to join efta instead . 
  we have to stop the euroholocaust before it 's too late . 
  who says that germany gets the assets ? 
  do you know how a fund works ? 
  the fund would be controlled by the troika and greece . 
  sch\u00e4uble made a suggestion how the fund could work . 
  because there is already a fund that is run by the kfw . 
  if latvia has a reliable bank that can handle a 50 billion euro fund they could run that fund as well . 
  apparently people are amazed that they discovered that little secret of the kfw . 
  yes i do . 
  otherwise you risk that countries only stay as long as its beneficial for them . 
  as soon as a `` country '' switches from being net-receiver to net-contributor they might leave . 
  * i promise to be true to you in good times and in bad , in sickness and in health . 
  * and other than in a marriage you need a war to collect alimony . 
  i 'll call sch\u00e4uble . 
  if it 's trending on twitter he will change his opinion . 
  let 's hope people did n't create a change.org petition already . 
  it 's the troika that would take over , not germany . 
   because not paying and letting greece go bankrupt , will cost you and everyone else in the eu more than paying . 
  based on what calculation ? 
  that we already sunk 300 billion ? 
  better stop now before it 's 385 billion . 
  because the argument for the next 100 billion bailout will be that we already sunk 385 billion . 
   poor countries like greece need to print more money or the banks will go bankrupt . 
  so you prefer a grexit as well . 
   if there is no flow of currency from richer countries to poorer ones , euro does n't work and these countries are doomed . 
  no taxation without representation . 
  if i have to pay for greece i want to have a say how the money should be spend . 
  i 'm not willing to work until 70 so i can finance the 65 year retirement age in greece . 
  i 'm not willing to pay for an overblown military either . 
  and i want that the tax collection officers are at least as good as they are in germany . 
   what is happening today though is germany wants to acquire greece . 
  yeah . 
  so we can pump even more money into greece . 
   more recently the term sunk cost fallacy has been used to describe the phenomenon where people justify increased investment in a decision , based on the cumulative prior investment , despite new evidence suggesting that the cost , starting today , of continuing the decision outweighs the expected benefit . 
  it would n't help greece if the eurozone restructures the debt greece owes . 
  these are low interest loans that do n't mature until after 2020 . 
  if the eurozone restructures debt greece owes to the imf , the ecb and to private t-bill holders it is de facto a bailout . 
  poland ?
