  both . 
  and it does n't need a conspiracy , just prejudices and the natural behavior to stick to your own people . 
  lets kill all the sheep so the wolfs can no longer kill the sheep !, 
  if article 5 is invoked we will . 
  proof : the only time article 5 was invoked . 
  but if the us think they should go to war because war is fun , we 'll watch from the sidelines . 
  uk and eastern europe will happily join the coalition of the willing . 
  too much asbestos . 
  in that case we germans are very lucky that asylum seekers did n't get very angry after the german man abducted mohamed . 
  the eu decided that slovakia should host 2287 asylum seekers from italy and greece . 
  then slovakia complained about all the muslims and said that they only want to host christian refugees . 
  i would have been impressed if they would have asked the un to resettle 2287 threatened christians . 
  that would have been a strong signal . 
  we are willing to help , but we would like to help christians first . 
  but 25 families ? 
  it 's hard to not be cynical about such numbers . 
   six killed as ` ukrainian ' helicopter crashes in slovakia  ukraine helicopter ` may have been human smuggling ' bbc quotation marks are so weird . 
  in 2013 13,635 of the very few , and i mean , very very few portuguese that would migrate to germany migrated to germany . 
   whole christian villages burnt down in syria , it 's crazy . 
  hopefully they do n't have more than 25 family in these villages . 
   with this said , you are still right if you say german politicians fucked us all over and enacted many policies at an european level that favored germany at the expense of peripheral economies . 
   i would like to use the opportunity to thank german mep 's for lowering the beetroot sugar quotas in favor of sugar cane which we must import from brasil . 
  where can i read more about that ? 
  considering that germany ( 22.8 million tons in 2013 ) behind france ( 33.6 million tons ) is the second largest producer of sugar beets in the eu i would guess there is a bit more to that than fucking over the peripheral economies . 
   what is the reaction going to be when they turn around and start more civil wars in these countries ? 
  we arm the other side as well . 
  but since they are real countries they have to pay for the weapons . 
  $ . $ on a more serious note , it 's a tough choice . 
  if you do n't supply them with weapons they die and isis will just get stronger . 
  so we give weapons to the people in the southern part so they can fight against the occupational force ? 
  sounds like a really great idea . 
  let 's say i 'm a prisoner who is not allowed to see visitors . 
  but i 'm allowed to make phone calls , so i invite some friends for a little party . 
  they go to the prison and the guard lets them through . 
  who do you blame ? 
  and then look at [ this map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4a/schengen_area_labelled_map.svg ) . 
  hey , we are just the biggest economy in the world . 
  we ca n't handle as many refugees as jordan . 
  have you been to `` the continent '' lately ? 
  [ here are some nice photos of our borders ] ( http://www.valeriovincenzo.com/borderline-frontiers-of-peace ) but okay , let 's just ignore the lack of borders in europe . 
  so i 'm a german citizen and i have worked the last 3 years in ireland . 
  now i get fired , so i can go to the irish unemployment office , and they pay me jobseekers benefits while i 'm looking for a new job . 
  my sister is also german , and she has been working for 3 years just on the other side of that totally invisible hence non-existant border . 
  she gets fired , goes to the british unemployment office to ask for jobseekers benefits , but they tell her that you have to be in the country for at least 4 years to receive benefits . 
  should n't it be the same because that border is totally non-existant ? 
  you know , like it is today ? 
  because today both me and my sister would get jobseekers benefits . 
  but the uk wants to change that . 
  because all these migrants from eastern europe `` abuse '' the welfare system by receiving in-work benefits ( yes , jobseekers benefits count as in-work benefits when you get fired from a job that you 've worked for a significant time in that country ) . 
  the uk already can cut benefits for people who have n't worked or do n't want to work . 
  but that 's not enough , they want to cut benefits for people who actually work or have worked and got fired . 
  yeah . 
  it 's literally worse than ww2 . 
  sure thing . 
  the problem is that asylum seekers who are currently in sweden do n't disappear when you send money to refugee camps . 
  maybe you should ask the countries that do n't host many asylum seekers why they do n't give more money to the unhcr . 
  and the answer is `` because we do n't have a non-discrimination agreement with the world '' . 
  you can put it however you like , fact is that the uk no longer wants to honor the law that says that you ca n't discriminate against eu workers . 
  that proposal itself is already against the idea of the eu , but now the uk even wants to treat eu citizens different depending of their nationality . 
  14070 of 331000 is 4 %, 
  the uk wants to cut in-work benefits for eu citizens . 
  that requires treaty change . 
  that 's why the uk proposed a treaty change . 
  if it 's not discrimination against eu citizens why does it require a treaty change of the eu free movement of workers rules ? 
   there are many many irish people living in the uk , and i doubt many of them are on benefits . 
  so why is it necessary to create a three tier system ? 
  why not just distinguish between uk citizens and eu nationals ? 
  if only very few irish are affected it 's incredibly stupid to take the discrimination against eu nationals to the next level . 
  good . 
  that tremendously reduces the chance of getting that proposal through . 
  it 's one thing to distinguish between nationals and other eu citizens . 
  but treating citizens of your favorite eu countries like nationals while discriminating against the rest of the eu wo n't have a chance . 
  a strong lobby and the natural lack of trust in unnatural things like chemicals ( politicians are humans , so they have a fear of chemicals too ) . 
  in germany gps can bill more money per patient if they prescribe homeopathy . 
  if you do n't believe in homeopathy it 's really hard to keep a straight face during the long anamnesis that every patient gets so the homeopathist can pick the right sugar pill . 
  the problem is that ~ ~ the vast majority ~ ~ many of the gps who prescribe homeopathy do n't see it as placebo . 
  they see it as a vital alternative for conventional treatment . 
  do n't worry , once the balkan route becomes harder , malta and lampedusa will get their illegal migration back . 
  that 's what you call focus ? 
   what do i want to happen , i want to see syria back under control , iraq back under control that 's the goal , but how would you reach it ? 
  yep . 
  the difference between the us fence and any eu fence is that you wo n't stay in the us if you make it through their fence . 
  the eu-28 acceptance rate for asylum decisions in q2/15 was 45 % . 
  since there are more syrians among them , the acceptance rate for current arrivals will be even higher . 
  but if just 45 % of the mexicans that make it into the usa could stay legally , the only chance to protect the us-mex border would be lethal force . 
  people love their fences but do n't realize that a fence alone is not effective . 
  a good wire cutter and your fence has a hole . 
  you either need a way to return all people that enter , or you must be able and willing to use lethal force . 
  us border guards do n't shoot at people that are on the other side of the fence . 
  it 's more like `` we caught you crossing the border , you are under arrest . 
  mexico is a third safe country , you have no right to asylum . 
  you will be deported tomorrow morning . 
  you will stay in this cell until your departure . 
  here is something to drink . 
  have a good night . '', 
  the fence between mexico and the us would not work at all if 45 % ( quota of positive asylum decisions in q2/2015 in eu-28 ) of the people that make it through the fence could stay in the us . 
  in that case the remain-supporters would merely be catching up . 
   bahar mustafa , despite supporting hate speech laws and trashing people who supported her , got support for her hate speech . 
  by a german court or a german public prosecutor ? 
  do you have any citations ?
