  how good that can be enforced is debatable , because many of these people wo n't be employable . 
  so even if they look for work , they wo n't find any . 
  and the employment agency can only issue sanctions ( i.e. 
  cut welfare ) for wrongdoing . 
  so if the agency hands over a list of open job positions , and the refugee refuses to apply for these jobs they can issue sanctions . 
  they can also send people to language courses and other trainings , and if the person refuses to attend , they can issue sanction . 
  but they obviously ca n't issue sanctions because someone is not fit for a job position . 
  these are the rules , enforcement obviously depends on the case worker and the local branch of the unemployment agency . 
   i see small countries like ireland become more and more irrelevant . 
  an independent ireland would be even more irrelevant on a global scale , would n't it ? 
   i was was given the chance rejoin the uk i would vote in favour of it in a heartbeat . 
  how relevant would ireland be in the uk ? 
  more relevant than scotland ? 
  because i think they do n't feel that relevant . 
  it 's understandable if the fifth largest economy of the world wants to leave the eu to use their global relevance for their own good . 
  but ireland ? 
  an economy that is currently about the size of chile or pakistan ? 
  and because croatia is a law abiding member of the eu , the other 269,990 were fingerprinted and properly registered in eurodac too . 
  if there is one country that has a right to bring asylum seekers to italy it 's italy . 
  but why does the royal navy bring refugees they rescue to italy instead of bringing them to libya ? 
  cameron has said that it 's stupid to let in refugees . 
  so why does the royal navy let in refugees ? 
  it 's so easy and of course totally in accordance with human rights to bring people to libya , yet nobody does it . 
  would love to hear the complains if germany closed the borders and enforces the rules for every single asylum seeker . 
  100,000 people are brought back to hungary where they were registered first . 
  100,000 back to greece and italy . 
  the people that were never registered , which are probably in the 300,000 s are send to austria , because that 's the safe country we know was on their route . 
  and that 's just the people that came in the 12 months before merkels `` invitation '' . 
  we would obviously handle all the invited people who came between late august and let 's say end of november . 
  one spouse and only children under the age of 18 . 
  neither 20 spouses , uncles nor parents . 
  like the eu directive about family reunification requires it . 
  family reunification can already be limited to families where the part that is currently in germany does not need welfare payments to support the whole family . 
   however i do n't think germany should hand out citizenship so easily recognized refugees can get citizenship once they are in germany for 6 years and : 1 . speak german 2 . have a job 3 . are able to provide for their household from household income alone ( i.e. 
  do n't receive welfare ) 4 . have a clean criminal record these people will not leave germany . 
  yes . 
  we beat tajikistan !, 
  they believe that all humans are equal and have the same rights . 
  they did include slovenia . 
  but no company made it into the `` fast 50 '' ranking . 
  plastika skaza got one of the `` big 5 awards '' . 
  the big 5 are too big to compete with , so they are n't part of the `` fast 50 '' . 
  and brihteja from slovenia received a rising star award . 
  which is for companies that are high-grow , but too young to be part of the `` fast 50 '' . 
  as far as i see , estonia and latvia are the only eu country that did n't win any award . 
  the law disagrees with you . 
    ( 3 ) \u00a7 86 abs . 
  that 's why they are put on a commercial flight . 
  it 's low cost . 
  if you want to deport two people you buy tickets for them and two police officers . 
  done . 
  but airlines do n't like people that are screaming . 
  the problem is that deportations are managed by the states . 
  if saxony has a handful of people to deport to tunisia it 's not feasible to charter a whole plane . 
  i said it before , deportations should be managed by the eu as a single entity . 
  the bigger scale would make things easier . 
  so schengen countries bordering non-schengen countries wo n't let them in , according to the schengen rules . 
  they build them in places that are already owned by the municipality , and ideally have infrastructure like electricity . 
  but yeah , they are basically asking to be burned down by concerned arsonists . 
  we should hide these , so the nazis do n't find them . 
  because the only thing that stops a german from burning refugee facilities is if he ca n't find it . 
  the ones in mali seem pretty operational . 
  so you would charter a whole plane to fly 2 people back to nigeria ? 
  the west balkan countries see these chartered planes , because they deport a whole plane worth of people at that time . 
   the eu agreement requires refugees to be registered in the countries where they apply for asylum and ** allows ** bloc members to send back those that have been registered elsewhere . 
  you are not violating the law if you do n't do something that the law allows you to do . 
   by 2020 it 's very courteous from the irish government to wait long enough so tax experts can find other loopholes . 
   but will they be returned to libya ? 
  of course not . 
  they will be brought to italy . 
  saying `` taking in refugees is a stupid idea '' is much easier than actually violating their human rights by bringing them back to libya . 
  that will be fun . 
  sounds like we finally start to play * hot potato - refugee edition * . 
  to which country will we bring the asylum seekers austria brings to germany ? 
  will it be france ? 
  or the czech republic ? 
  maybe denmark ? 
  or maybe we take them back to a different part of austria ? 
  find out next week . 
    not really . 
  thousands of people and businesses went bankrupt in germany this year and essentially had their large debts written off . 
    and guess what , all their assets are seized to pay it off . 
  would you be comfortable with greece being forced to sell everything ? 
  and in the case of people , each month the creditors get 70 % of the income above 1074 euro ( single person , without obligation to pay alimony ) . 
  for six years . 
  they will get it directly from your employer , if you work in a small company you will receive a lot of dirty looks , because sooner rather than later everyone knows that you did n't pay back your debt . 
  and during that time your credit rating is destroyed . 
  if you are looking for a new place to live you will have a lot of problems to find a landlord who is willing to risk that you do n't pay on time . 
  nobody will deliver anything that is more expensive than a pizza to you without upfront payment . 
  no credit cards , no paying by invoice , no payment by installments , no overdraft on the bank account . 
  and you wo n't even be able to get a contract for a cellphone . 
  nobody simply walks away from his debt . 
  if that would be the case , more people would just stop paying their debt . 
  i 'm wondering what kind of poster that was . 
  the kids wanted to sell it to a junk dealer . 
  so it must have been something bigger than the things you put on lampposts . 
  that 's most likely the maximum penalty for `` insulting the turkish president '' . 
  you do n't pay corporate taxes where your manufacturing plant is . 
  you pay them where your business entity is registered . 
  which in the case of apple are various eu countries .
