  to be honest , if one of our direct neighbors invades us , i would be okay with that . 
   the us is certainly never short on volunteers . 
  because they want to fight for their country , or because they like the benefits that come with military service ? 
  looking at the migration statistics , they already do . 
  and they formed an axis with romania . 
  it 's shameful . 
  while the potential frontline went through germany , nato support was much higher . 
  because back then it was actually germany that benefited from the guarantees nato offers to its members . 
  now that the frontline has moved outside of germany we are rediscovering our pacifism . 
  let 's pussy out quickly before we actually have to fight to reciprocate for the guarantees nato offered us since 1955 . 
  * first the grub ( lit . 
  `` eating like animals , gorging '' ) then the morality . 
  how did germany support the 2003 iraq war ? 
  the `` bicycle mind '' of the netherlands . 
  no love for asylum seekers/refugees/economic migrants ? 
   contacting by phone is the best option only if they say how many responded with `` sorry , not interested . 
  because that 's what i did the last 10 times someone called me for a `` survey '' . 
  scare quotes because sometimes these surveys are just prologue for a sales pitch . 
   `` if russia got into a serious military conflict with one of its neighbouring countries which is a nato ally , should our country use force to defend it ? '', 
  it 's even more confusing if i read that question verbatim and think what a `` nato ally '' is . 
  do you distinguish between nato member and nato ally ? 
  because initially i did . 
  there is currently a ukraine crisis i thought nato ally means countries that are allies of nato , but not members of nato . 
  sweden , finland , australia , israel and ukraine . 
  nope . 
  apparently `` nato ally '' means `` nato member '' . 
  that 's why polls suck . 
  someone calls you , interrupts whatever it is what you are doing . 
  and then you have to talk about geopolitics . 
  `` on a scale from one to ten . 
  how much do you support nato ? '', 
  vladimir putin also said that there are no russian soldiers in crimea . 
  you mean us citizens . 
  germans ! = german government . 
  and it would n't change much . 
  because there is no referendum before article 5 gets invoked . 
  maybe that one helps http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/germany-concerned-about-aggressive-nato-stance-on-ukraine-a-1022193.html, 
  i mean germans as well . 
  nato offered protection to germany as a country , germany accepted . 
  we were just very lucky that nato never needed to respond to an attack on germany . 
  if there is one thing that is guaranteed , it 's that nato would have acted , if germany would have been attacked during the cold war . 
  of course it 's easy to forget about nato , now that the frontline has moved to a country outside of nato territory . 
  germany is no longer at risk of being a battleground , so we can pussy out of defense treaties . 
  if you look at these three , the 2003 invasion of iraq comes to mind . 
  france and germany publicly opposed a us lead invasion from the very outset . 
  besides russia those two probably were the biggest opposers . 
  and i think italy still has the world record for the biggest anti war demonstration in history . 
  three million people were in rome to demonstrate against the invasion of iraq . 
  truth is , you ca n't ignore the usa while talking about nato . 
  that 's in no means assistance . 
  he acted upon the mutual guarantee the us and other countries gave to germany in 1955 respectively 1990 ? 
  to quote nato :  allies can provide any form of assistance they deem necessary to respond to the situation . 
  this assistance is not necessarily military and depends on the material resources of each country . 
  each individual member determines how it will contribute and will consult with the other members , bearing in mind that the ultimate aim is to `` to restore and maintain the security of the north atlantic area '' . 
   nobody is really expecting countries like germany , italy etc to honor the article 5 . 
  we honored article 5 in 2001 . 
  if nato general breedlove could have his way , nato would do a lot . 
   a mixture of political argumentation and military propaganda is necessary . 
  but for months now , many in the chancellery simply shake their heads each time nato , under breedlove 's leadership , goes public with striking announcements about russian troop or tank movements . 
  to be sure , neither berlin 's russia experts nor bnd intelligence analysts doubt that moscow is supporting the pro-russian separatists . 
  the bnd even has proof of such support . 
   but it is the tone of breedlove 's announcements that makes berlin uneasy . 
  false claims and exaggerated accounts , warned a top german official during a recent meeting on ukraine , have put nato -- and by extension , the entire west -- in danger of losing its credibility . 
    there are plenty of examples . 
  just over three weeks ago , during the cease-fire talks in minsk , the ukrainian military warned that the russians -- even as the diplomatic marathon was ongoing -- had moved 50 tanks and dozens of rockets across the border into luhansk . 
  just one day earlier , us lieutenant general ben hodges had announced `` direct russian military intervention . '', 
    senior officials in berlin immediately asked the bnd for an assessment , but the intelligence agency 's satellite images showed just a few armored vehicles . 
  even those american intelligence officials who supply the bnd with daily situation reports were much more reserved about the incident than hodges was in his public statements . 
  one intelligence agent says it `` remains a riddle until today '' how the general reached his conclusions . 
  their support of military servicemen often ends when it costs more than a bumper sticker and a 2 dollar donation on veterans day . 
  how many homeless veterans are there ? 
  where were all the eastern european countries that are so proud because they actually have a military and do n't need to use broomsticks ? 
   considering germany barely has a functional army would the same germans want other countries to defend germany based on article 5 ? 
  germany already fought a war because nato article 5 was invoked . 
  one could even say that germany fought in all of the wars that happened because of article 5 . 
  that will not change in the future . 
  does n't matter what people in opinion polls say . 
  and now continue with your jokes about broomsticks . 
   though of course it only works if the country in question actually honors its agreements . 
  we did last time article 5 was triggered . 
  nobody will ask the population if the german army should defend latvia , poland or whoever . 
  east germany was not occupied estonia . 
  it was n't even poland . 
  compared to the other countries in the soviet `` circle of influence '' , east germany was pretty rad . 
  if you did what the government expected from you , life was easier back then . 
  i know plenty of people who would love to go back into their gdr life . 
  a reasonable paid job , a cheap apartment , more social life and vacation on the baltic sea . 
  now they have unemployment , high rent , ca n't afford to go out , and have n't been on vacation for 15 years . 
  i would love to see the numbers from 2002 . 
  i 'm pretty sure support for nato was as low as it is today . 
  germany will not leave nato . 
  us air force general breedlove . 
  supreme allied commander europe of nato, 
  the main reason is that certain nato members appear to be very eager to turn the ukraine crisis into a proxy war against russia . 
  people like breedlove would love to turn ukraine into an even bigger battlefield . 
   they do have a choice to honor it there is no referendum before article 5 comes into effect . 
  the government and the military will honor article 5 . 
  there was not much support for the one use of article 5 , that triggered germanys involvement in afghanistan , either . 
  ever tried to argue with someone from pegida or npd ? 
  they could n't care less about facts .
