  and for their class 4 transport vehicle procurement the bundeswehr is already testing the [ wisent ] ( http://www.army-guide.com/eng/product4739.html ) and the [ grizzly ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kmw_grizzly ) . 
   there is a special provision that overrides eu law , which bans german citizens from acquiring property for permanent residency as well as farmland in poland . 
  that provision banned all eu citizens from buying these properties . 
  if that would have been about germans , poland would probably not be in the eu . 
  discrimination against individual eu countries is against the principles of the union . 
  the restriction on property sales to eu-citizens was created with a similar thought that other eu countries used to restrict freedom of movement for polish citizens . 
  eu citizens were restricted from buying residency properties for 5 years after poland joined . 
  this time is now over . 
  the sale of forests and farmland to eu citizens requires a permission for 12 years . 
  so in may 2016 there wo n't be any restrictions left . 
  sources : https://www.justlanded.com/english/poland/poland-guide/property/permissions in german : http://rechtsanwalt-polen.de/immobilie-polen-grundstueckserwerb.html#gesetzliche-grundlagen, 
  any specific examples of muslim traditions that have been adopted in formerly christian countries ? 
   prisoners usually do get , and should take , any job they can manage . 
  as long as they work for the government . 
  or as long as the private company pays the same wage for a prisoner as they would pay for a regular employee . 
  otherwise the government is indirectly subsidizing private businesses . 
  in germany all prison labor is to the benefit of the state . 
  prisoners build furniture for administrative offices or toys for public kindergartens , they repair cars for municipalities and they build things that are sold by prison-owned shops . 
  that 's okay because 100 % of the work done by the prisoners benefits the state , who pays for the prisons and training . 
  lending cheap prisoners to private construction companies is a totally different case . 
  because most of the cost reduction that can be achieved by using prisoners benefits the company . 
  once you start to go down that road you soon end in a fully private prison system . 
  and the lobbyists of your prisons will lobby for a legal system that produces plenty new prisoners . 
   where were the investors before the crisis ? 
  in countries that do n't require fakelaki for every administrative step . 
  where did you get that impression ? 
  because of ttip german exports will grow at an even higher rate . 
  it 's not the us that force the german government to be so strongly pro ttip . 
  it 's the corporations , with the car industry leading the way . 
  the question is how much sovereignty we want to sacrifice for that increased export . 
  wait until germany decides to use the budget surplus to research a way to keep her head alive in a jar . 
   uh pray tell me , what is the threat that 1.5 million active eu soldiers with high-tech equipment can not handle ? 
  libya . 
   less than a month into the libyan conflict , nato is running short of precision bombs , highlighting the limitations of britain , france and other european countries in sustaining even a relatively small military action over an extended period of time , according to senior nato and u.s. officials . 
    the shortage of european munitions , along with the limited number of aircraft available , has raised doubts among some officials about whether the united states can continue to avoid returning to the air campaign if libyan leader moammar gaddafi hangs on to power for several more months . 
  [ nato runs short on some munitions in libya ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/nato-runs-short-on-some-munitions-in-libya/2011/04/15/af3o7eld_story.html ), 
  making proposals that are presented at an eu summit in june is indeed democratic . 
  cameron will present his proposals at the same summit . 
  i doubt that hr is involved when it comes to selecting board members . 
  maybe the us are not as paranoid as their vegetable sniffing dogs at the airport make it seem ? 
  your country is giving money to the not so rich countries so they can improve their economies . 
  mid and long-term that will make them less poor . 
  which eventually leads to the situation that they are rich enough to buy the shit your country makes . 
  you are paying for infrastructure and subsidies in poland so that the grandchildren of the poles that were just born all drive around in fancy german cars and work on machinery engineered and produced in germany . 
  germany is playing the long con . 
  as soon as everyone around us is wealthy enough to buy our expensive stuff we will cash in . 
   that they ca n't figure out how to spend free money seems like a sign of ineptitude . 
  yep . 
  they have a lot to learn from other eu countries . 
  they could easily create a couple of overpriced projects that nobody needs . 
  maybe another golf course in the middle of other golf courses . 
  or a luxury airport with a handful of landings a day . 
  or how about a sauna for horses ? 
  maybe they could build a stupid and overpriced watch tower right next to the autobahn ? 
  make it look artsy so you can spend eu money on it . 
  the eu helps turkey to cope with the refugees from syria . 
  both financially and with material and expertise . 
  one of their newest projects is a [ education center ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/echo/news/eu-children-peace-new-education-centre-turkey-syrian-children_en ) for refugee children from syria . 
  and turkey hopes to get even more help from the eu . 
  and if you ask me , they should get a lot more help . 
  because romania has higher wages than the us ? 
   i 'd love to as optimistic as you . 
  sadly experience has shown that low labour standards , low benefits and low wages win in terms of competition , they cost less = products are cheaper . 
  is that an argument against free trade in the eu ? 
  last time i looked eastern europe has massively lower wages . 
   i wonder why china requires western companies to set up partnerships with chinese companies to do business . 
  could it be because free trade between unequal partners does n't automatically benefit both sides ? 
  so the chinese get access to all your trade secrets . 
  they do n't do that so they can impose strict laws and regulations on your business . 
   however , all the big european car companies do n't have trouble getting past that barrier , they 're selling more than enough cars in the us to justify the additional expense . 
  and yet eu car manufacturers are among the biggest supporters of ttip . 
  because they do n't want these additional expenses . 
   the us is in the same camp as china , there : people are driving lots of domestic cars , but virtually noone outside of the country wants to have them . 
  ford currently fights with renault for rank 2 of the most sold car brand in the eu . 
  in april 2015 ford sold 84,417 cars in eu . 
  in the same month mercedes-benz , vw and bmw ( these are the top 3 imported brands in usa ) combined sold 88,913 cars in the us . 
  virtually noone ... http://www.statista.com/statistics/264031/top-selling-car-brands-in-europe-by-number-of-new-registrations/ http://www.statista.com/statistics/243596/vehicle-sales-of-european-car-brands-in-the-united-states/, 
  many eu companies , and because of that many eu countries , would profit from ttip as well . 
  ttip is not something that is forced on the eu . 
  just look at car manufacturers , currently they have to develop and certify many parts two times because the regulations differ a lot . 
  if the regulations would be harmonized they save a lot of money . 
  the ideas behind ttip are generally not that bad . 
  harmonized regulations are a great idea . 
  are cars in the us safer than cars in the eu ? 
  no , they are n't . 
  yet there are two sets of totally different regulations . 
  the question is how much sovereignty the eu and the us should sacrifice for more trade with the us , respectively with the eu . 
   this is not as simplistic as ` merica bad vs. europe good . 
  one has to pay a lot of respect to the eu countries and their corporations that they were able to coin exactly that picture . 
  it always appears as ttip is forced on the eu by the almighty usa . 
  in reality eu corporations and eu governments love ttip as much as the us corporations and government does . 
  especially german car manufacturers were suspiciously silent about ttip for a long time . 
  they would probably be among the companies that profit the most from ttip . 
  just because they do n't have to develop and certify many parts two times if the regulations are harmonized . 
  want some fun facts about candles ? 
  613,313 tons candles were consumed ( production + import - export ) in the eu-28 in 2013 . 
  they are valued at 1.6 billion euro . 
  on average each eu citizen buys around 1.2 kg candles each year . 
  the danes are on top of that list , with something like 6kg . 
  around 85 % of the candles that are consumed in the eu are produced in the eu .
