  we also do n't want ukraine interfering in our gas supply . 
  and we want to pay less transfer fees . 
  but we 'll be freezing is not one of the reasons for the project . 
   what would be a reasonable alternative for germany ? 
  - do n't increase the amount of russian gas we 're reselling in 2016 germany used 80.5 billion cubic meters gas . 
  around 40 % of that came from russia in 2015 . 
  the existing nord stream pipelines have a capacity of 55 bcm , it 's not running on full capacity right now . 
  not sure what 's the capacity of the exiting pipelines via poland , but it surely is more than 0 . 
  so we should be safe for quite a while . 
  - lng build half a dozen large regasification terminals . 
  for example spain has a theoretical lng regasification capacity of 69 bcm gas per year . 
  that would be enough to stop importing gas from russia completely . 
  yes , that will cost us . 
  that germany values its own economic interest higher than independence from russia is kind of the point of the discussion . 
  the paris agreement was discussed and agreed by consensus of 196 parties at the unfcc summit in 2015 . 
  the us already talked about it . 
  175 of the 196 parties then signed the agreement in 2017 . 
  why does trump believe that he can change the terms of the agreement ? 
  because his voice is more important than the voice of the 175 other parties ? 
  trade is not a matter that germany can control . 
  the sole responsibility for frameworks and rules relating to trade is in the hands of the eu . 
  apparently trump still does n't know that . 
  wow since sanctions are also the sole responsibility of the eu , nobody actually asked that the us consult germany . 
  germany wants to build a pipeline with russia that circumvents ukraine . 
  hungary wants to build a pipeline with russia that circumvents ukraine . 
  both projects will be threatened by us sanctions . 
  looks like `` hungary this '' is pretty relevant . 
   trump went to merkel wanting to talk about trade and she outright refused to talk . 
  what would be the point ? 
  trade is a eu matter . 
  should merkel go to california to talk about trade ? 
   he then asked to talk about the terms of the paris agreement and was again outright refused . 
  the paris agreement has been discussed by 196 parties on the 2015 unfcc summit in paris . 
  it was then adopted by consensus among these members . 
  the us talked about the terms of the paris agreement already . 
   in the meantime ns2 is estimated to increase the capacity to :    `` in 2011 , nord stream ag started evaluation of an expansion project which would include two additional lines ( later named nord stream 2 ) to increase the overall annual capacity up to 110 billion cubic metres ''   dude , fuck off - it 's like a vampire complaining that mosquitoes also suck blood !, 
  that 's what happens if you have a larger economy . 
  we have a 3500 billion usd gdp . 
  hungary has 125 billion usd gdp . 
  it does n't matter that your pipeline is totally irrelevant and will only be able to provide hungary only with almost 100 % of its gas needs . 
  it connects to russia . 
  it is therefor threatened by sanctions . 
  not sure what you are trying to argue . 
  for comparison 110 bcm is 137 % of germany 's annual gas consumption, 
  the italian persecutor should have requested that evidence from frontex . 
   worse though is russia using armed fighter jets to harass our unarmed spy planes over international airspace . 
  one incident a few years ago and one from earlier this year . 
  where 's the problem with that ? 
  that 's exactly what nato does with russian planes over the baltic sea . 
  but we do n't call it harassment , we call it air policing . 
  here 's how that looks from inside the interceptor aircraft : http://i.imgur.com/asty6bz.jpg http://i.imgur.com/utmymoe.jpg here 's one of the german eurofighters that was stationed in estonia to intercept russian planes . 
  obviously with air-to-air missiles under its wings as well : http://i.imgur.com/jzznjul.jpg, 
  i do n't think that these results can be applied in the case of pedophiles . 
  while there are many ways to have sex without becoming a sex offender for normal people , there are n't any for pedophiles . 
  would you be okay with fucking a doll for the rest of your life ? 
  probably not . 
  not even the most unattractive people are willing to do that . 
  most people will prefer prostitutes over sex dolls . 
  and pedophiles do n't have the urge to engage in sexual activities with things that look like children either . 
  their desire are real children . 
  to prevent that they become offenders they need a lot of self-control . 
  they have to embrace that having sex with children is wrong . 
  fucking a sex doll that is modelled after a child will probably not help with that . 
  but without scientific studies we could argue about that for the rest of our lives . 
  it 's a completely different argument though . 
  violent video games are n't exclusively used by people who have the desire to kill people . 
  nobody would argue that people who have the desire to kill people should play violent games to release some of that frustration in hopes that it would maybe help prevent them from going on a killing spree . 
  the many pedophiles that do n't become offenders prevent themselves from abusing children by an tremendous amount of self-control . 
  they try to embrace the idea that having sex with children is wrong . 
  not sure how fucking a doll that is modelled after a child could help with that . 
  screaming ` fake news ' is such a powerful argument . 
  maybe the people that do n't want to be part of schengen are n't the people that cry when they do n't get preferential treatment . 
  even the netherlands import russian gas . 
  it 's flexible solidarity . 
  that 's what the v4 asked for . 
   transit : like in gas flows via bulgaria and serbia before us ???? 
  the pipeline will provide hungary with russian gas . 
  hungary made a deal with russia about gas delivery . 
  you do n't have to believe me . 
  [ reuters ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-hungary-gas-iduskbn19q1ye ) :  budapest ( reuters ) - hungary signed a deal with russia 's gazprom ( gazp.mm ) to link the country with the turkish stream pipeline by end-2019 on wednesday , a day ahead of president donald trump 's trip to poland , where he is expected to promote u.s. lng exports . 
    `` this will improve hungary 's energy security a great deal , so it is in our strategic interest for this cooperation to start , '' state news agency mti quoted foreign minister peter szijjarto as saying . 
    [ ... ]   szijjarto , who is in moscow , told mti by phone that he had agreed with gazprom ceo alexei miller to ** join turkish stream with a link that could enable hungary to import 8 billion cubic meters of gas a year , close to the country 's total consumption . 
  ** --   because hungary knew that germany would call for countermeasures ? 
    yeah sure , orban the allmighty you do n't have to be almighty if you can think logically and occasionally watch news . 
  germany has said for weeks that they will ask for countermeasures if the us sanctions threaten nord stream 2 . 
    if it comes to a vote hungary will vote like germany   probably , but that 's because you are a bully . 
  dude . 
  you are ridiculous . 
  hungary will vote that way because the us sanctions threaten your pipeline project . 
  the sanctions do n't exclude projects that are `` just transit '' . 
  neither do they exclude projects where it `` does n't matter to which country it connects '' . 
    you know , because both projects would violate the us sanctions . 
    fun things that few seem to realize - the us sanctions do n't depend so much on gas companies but on banks . 
  the sanctions target businesses that helps russia to increase its energy export . 
   unrelated : so who is russia 's bitch - hungary or germany ? 
  the world does n't work like a us prison . 
  hungary and germany are countries that pursue their own economic interest . 
  sometimes that interest is aligned with russia . 
  countries buy russian gas because it 's cheap , reliable and contains a lot of methane . 
  not because they love russia .
