  he is . 
  that poem was already a reaction . 
  they made a song [ `` erdowie , erdowo , erdogan '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2e2yhjc_mc ) about erdogan . 
  that video was published on 17 march 2016 . 
  on 29 march erdogan ordered the german ambassador in turkey to explain the song . 
  for your convenience i marked ( roughly ) that date in the youtube view statistics of that song . 
  http://i.imgur.com/gtall1y.png b\u00f6hmermanns poem was a reaction to erdogan who said that the song was insulting and illegal . 
  so b\u00f6hmermann wanted to show what was legal ( the song ) and what was n't legal ( the poem ) . 
  we got that covered , during a50 negotiations , germany will insist that the english need visa to visit the eu . 
  that 's a nice one too , about the eastern enlargement : http://www.spiegel.de/spiegel/print/index-2004-18.html, 
  not so optimistic in 1999 https://magazin.spiegel.de/epubdelivery/image/title/sp/1999/12/300, 
  and in what category does that article fall ? 
  according to the imf everything is great . 
  the referendum has n't caused any problems :  the international monetary fund has predicted the uk will be the fastest growing of the g7 leading industrial countries this year and accepted that its prediction of a post-brexit-vote financial crash has proved overly pessimistic . 
  yet :  but while the washington-based imf said britain would comfortably avoid recession with growth of 1.8 % in 2016 , it stuck to its view that the economy would eventually suffer from the shock eu referendum result and said expansion next year would be just 1.1 % -- lower than it expected in the immediate aftermath of the brexit vote . 
   german system is always better , is n't it ? 
  that 's why i brought up an argument why fee based public broadcast financing is better than tax based financing . 
  if you disagree , you are free to bring up a counter argument . 
   whatever are the formal details they produce the same tasteless , biased pulp i thought we were talking about government influence . 
  you know , regular news and pis-news . 
  the eu never advocated to distribute asylum seekers . 
  it was always about people who have already received asylum . 
  i doubt that . 
  if ireland joins schengen the border to northern ireland will turn into an actively enforced border . 
  not just a customs border that does n't really care about people ( like switzerland-eu ) , but an active border where every person has to be checked . 
  i 'm not sure what advantages ireland could get out of schengen membership that make that worth it . 
  at least in germany health insurance only pays if the abortion is medically necessary , a crime was involved or if you have a net income of less than 1000 $ . 
  yes . 
  very different . 
  since the german government neither sets nor distributes tv fees , their influence is pretty small . 
  the government ca n't decide to lower the money zdf gets because their satire shows like to make fun of merkel . 
  like in every media there 's obviously some political influence , but the fee systems keeps that influence small . 
  compared to systems where public tv receives tax money and the government has full control over that money . 
  the republic of ireland is part of the eu customs unions . 
  and northern ireland wo n't be . 
  so there must be a border ( in the legal sense , no need for actual border barriers ) with border checkpoints . 
  the common external tariff has to be enforced by ireland . 
  they also have to collect import taxes . 
  look at switzerland . 
  they even are a schengen member . 
  but they are n't in the eu customs union . 
  so there are border checkpoints that target goods . 
  because of schengen , if you have nothing to declare they are n't even checking your passport . 
  the common travel area is in it 's current form not compatible with ireland being in the eu while the uk is n't . 
  the common travel area might be older , but it does n't trump eu law . 
  but the problematic part is restricted to the movement of goods . 
  and that could be solved like the switzerland-eu border . 
  official border points at the main roads that enforce tariffs and taxes but do n't check persons . 
  and the rest of the border has no fences , just signs that tell you that you are n't allowed to enter outside of manned checkpoints if you have something to declare . 
  since ireland is n't in schengen they can have free movement with the uk . 
  they can also hand out passports to everyone who asks , citizenship is the sole responsibility of the member states . 
  yes , the eu is a nazi prison camp . 
  britain is the bravest man in the world . 
  he wants to file papers to escape that prison !, 
  that courage . 
  there is n't much standing anyway . 
  there 's less than 2km left of it . 
  originally there were 106km concrete segments around west berlin . 
  that 's a lot of concrete to turn into marble sized chunks . 
  italy [ did that already ] ( https://www.hrw.org/news/2009/09/23/italy-libya-connection ) a couple years ago . 
  did n't stop anyone from trying back then . 
  because people believe they 'll make it through without being detected , or without being returned . 
  -- italy was then fined by the eu court of human rights , so they stopped returning asylum seekers . 
  move to libya . 
  it 's a safe country . 
  i actually feel similar . 
  not depressed . 
  but a bit disappointed . 
  not sure if that 's even the right word . 
  hard to describe . 
  but well . 
  life goes on . 
  maybe 25 years from now we 'll both be happy that uk and eu parted ways . 
  that explains the difference in number of people voting for the npd . 
  all other differences are a bit more complex . 
   many eastern germans feel left behind and excluded from the economic prosperity in the west . 
  but some western germans have accused their eastern neighbors of complaining without being willing to embrace change . 
  the 90s have called , they want their cliches back . 
   the streetlamps used in west germany were much more environmentally friendly , reflecting the emergence of the western german environmental civil movement in the 1970s and 1980s . 
  since when are mercury-vapour lamps much more environmentally friendly than sodium-vapour lamps ? 
  and then came maps that everyone has seen countless times . 
  jeez . 
  they still talk about the fucking npd . 
   a first version of this post was published oct. 31 , 2014 . 
  it was updated oct. 3 , 2016 . 
  oh really . 
  wrong thread ? 
  this one is n't about italy rescuing asylum seekers on the libyan coast . 
  we 're talking about afghanistan . 
  with just one government , and a large allied military force that trains afghan authorities to cope with the taliban and other terrorist groups . 
  afghanistan is pretty safe . 
  and if these man that love western values so much that they want to come to europe would join the afghan army , they could probably exterminate the taliban within a decade . 
   because poland is more scared of russia so they forgot molotov -- ribbentrop and history repeating itself by asking for a strong germany to keep a strong russia down . 
   and the us and france are n't exactly led by competent governments at the moment . 
  of course not . 
  everyone 's a fool . 
  except myself . 
   plus , you ca n't seriously say history is n't starting to repeat itself with the afd on the rise . 
  the afd does n't even want the eastern territories back . 
  and most afd voters probably do n't even want to kill muslims .
