   i do n't think germans truly understand how massively they benefit from the brain drain everyone understands . 
  contrary to popular believe it 's not the uk that has the highest net migration rate of eu citizens , it 's germany . 
  there 's a reason not a single serious party in germany complains about that . 
  and the only thing they can agree on is immigration . 
  sounds like an awesome leadership for a project like the eu . 
  because it might be `` not possible '' to invoke it in the next 43 years . 
  damned if you do , damned if you do n't . 
  that only happens if you are the sole leader of something . 
  every bad thing that happens in europe happens because of germany . 
  either because it did too much , too little or simply the wrong things . 
  i for one am very sick of that and would prefer a seat on the sidelines . 
  where you can freely criticize and blame others without making any decision . 
  and germany never wanted that role in the first place . 
  finally . 
  now if some other country would please stand up to take over that infamous `` leading role '' in the eu . 
  please ? 
  makes sense . 
  instead of not writing about the poll at all , they obfuscate it . 
  and then these smart bastards used the worlds best obfuscation technology :  some 48 percent said they did `` not agree at all '' only a genius could figure out that this is almost 50 % , which in unobfuscated terms means `` half '' . 
  turkey never invoked article 5 . 
  it made use of article 4 and requested consultations in june 2012 . 
  on 21 november 2012 turkey requested that nato augments turkey 's air defense capabilities . 
  on 28 november 2012 , a nato team visits turkey to find possible locations for enhancing turkish air defense facilities . 
  on 4 december 2012 nato 's north atlantic council authorizes its supreme allied commander europe to cooperate with turkey and nations willing to contribute patriot missile systems . 
  on 21 december nato announced that it deploys patriot batteries to kahramanmaras , adana and gaziantep . 
  in the first days of january 2013 deployments started , until the end of january the batteries provided by germany and the netherlands were declared operational . 
  by mid february the us provided batteries joined operational state . 
  but feel free to leave nato if you feel betrayed . 
   `` a nato member is being attacked . '', 
  when did turkey invoke article 5 ? 
   whenever west asked for something , we , as a nato member , did it to help you . 
  whenver turkey needed something to benefit itself , nobody came . 
  short memory ? 
  i hope poland will deploy troops to western europe so we can feel safe . 
  according to the article it 's done because alcoholics need alcohol to function . 
  regular businesses ca n't employ people on 1 euro jobs . 
  these jobs have to be additional , i.e. 
  without that job the work would have either not be done at all , not be done to that extent or only done later . 
  they have to be in the public interest . 
  and they are only allowed if they do n't displace regular businesses or regular workers . 
  the latter policy basically failed . 
  the australian model includes plenty of outsourcing as well . 
  australia works with indonesia to prevent smugglers from leaving . 
  australia works with indonesia so they take back asylum seekers . 
  and then australia works with papua new guinea and nauru so they host people who requested asylum in australia . 
  australia has literally the same problem as the eu . 
  the only option to protect your sea borders without watching people drown is to have a deal with other countries . 
  you should check the timeline of merkels `` invitation '' . 
  at that point 200,000 asylum seekers had already requested asylum in hungary . 
  in fact without the situation in hungary , merkel would n't have said anything about refugees . 
  like she did in the years before . 
   in fact , firefighter volunteering exists because firefighting used to have a shortage of firefighters . 
  once the volunteers started showing up , governments stopped caring about having the state fund firefighting where volunteers work . 
  in what country is that part of the history of firefighting ? 
  there is n't even an embargo in place against russia . 
  a few sectors were sanctioned , and then russia retaliated with sanctions . 
  that already hurts the eu economy . 
  and now people suggest to go full embargo against turkey . 
  eu is also the biggest import market of turkey . 
  because the eu exports more to turkey than it imports from turkey . 
  in 2015 the eu imported goods worth 61.6 billion euro from turkey , and it exported goods worth 79.1 billion euro . 
  good luck using trade and tourists as a weapon . 
  only germans are allowed to serve in the german army . 
   eesti they can roll them out of their an-2 biplane . 
  do greece , bulgaria and romania even have planes that are capable of delivering these nuclear bombs ? 
  are you still in spain , or already back in america ? 
  there will be four counter-demonstrations right in cologne . 
   nowadays we pay taxes for that shit no we do n't . 
  the stra\u00dfenbaubeitrag continues to be a thing . 
  if the municipality adds value to the road in front of your property , they may ask you for a contribution . 
  depending on state and municipality . 
   but raising the natives ' birthrates is racist because it is exclusionary . 
  do you have some quotes ? 
  every single major political party has one or most often multiple points on their party program that are aimed to increase the number of children people have . 
   sadly a german politician suggested something called `` babies welcome '' and it was argued against `` for being racist '' in their parliament any links ? 
  so it 's like tschenstochau . 
  at least it 's exaggerated to the fullest . 
  i was detained in secondary questioning as well , because the entry officer suspected me of seeking employment in the us . 
  during the three or four hours i was waiting there i only saw professional law enforcement officers who did their job . 
  no posturing , no aggression , no intimidation . 
  if someone asked the useless `` when it 's my turn ? '', 
  question they calmly answered `` when i call your name '' . 
  five dozen times . 
  when someone stood up to approach them they calmly but affirmative told them to sit down again . 
  but yes , they were actually armed . 
  similar to the bundespolizei that would detain you at the border in germany . 
  not true . 
  some states even allow people with hauptschulabschluss , which is the lowest form of an actual school qualification in their mid-level ( there 's no low-level ) positions . 
  if you do n't name or describe anyone as the offender it is n't false accusation either . 
  she mislead the authorities about the commission of an offense . 
  both require intent , so it does n't change much though . 
   just stating that she was raped does n't harm anyone directly but indirectly . 
  because police has less time to investigate these real crimes you are talking about . 
  and people might even get accused of having committed a rape that never happened , even if she did n't name anyone . 
  that 's why `` misleading the authorities about the commission of an offence '' is punishable with up to 3 years imprisonment . 
  it 's collected by the municipality . 
  owners of properties that benefit from a road construction measure that improves the status quo ( in this particular case : no road at all ) have to pay a part of the costs . 
  what size that part is depends on who uses the road . 
  if it 's only used by property owners they have to pay between 60 and 90 % , depending on state and municipality . 
  yes this is used by the municipalities quite a lot .
