  which also means that 50 % wer neither skilled workers nor university graduates . 
  that first information was then repeated ad nauseam and became a meme for both pro- and anti-refugee groups . 
  nobody seriously expected that hundred-thousands of doctors and engineers came to the eu in 2015 . 
  i like how the uk is not one of the five top destinations for eastern european migrants . 
  for a nanosecond . 
  then we let them back in . 
  without opt-outs and rebates . 
  so uk should hurry up . 
  otherwise it risks staying until 2020 and they ca n't leave anymore . 
  northern cyprus is recognized by 1 country . 
  kosovo by 111 . 
  kosovo is also recognized by 23 out of 28 eu members . 
  here 's a 2012 ( but as far as i 'm aware not much has changed ) working paper from the eu about the obstacles of the three microstates : http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/de/txt/?uri=celex%3a52012sc0388  # 1.2 . 
  free movement of persons , their family members , and students   ## situation of the small-sized countries   ** given that citizens of the three small-sized countries are not eu citizens and can not benefit from all the rights that eu law provides for eu citizens , nationals of the small-sized countries require a permit to work , study or reside in the eu member states . 
  ** currently , the conditions for obtaining a permit vary , depending on the member state and type of employment . 
  immigration is a competence shared between the eu and the member states . 
  admission of third-country nationals is decided at national level , whereas some rights and conditions are harmonised at eu level . 
  andorra and san marino have cooperation agreements with the eu but their scope as regards rights on movement of workers is limited to non-discrimination as regards conditions of employment [ 6 ] . 
  the cooperation and customs union agreement with san marino also provides for a legal basis for implementing provisions to set up a limited set of social security coordination rules between the eu member states and san marino [ 7 ] . 
     ## bilateral agreements   ### andorra   ** andorra has concluded bilateral agreements with france , spain and portugal on the free movement of persons . 
  ** these agreements cover the right of residence and professional establishment of their citizens including student mobility and mutual recognition of professional qualifications , as well as social security coordination . 
  andorran workers and students need a work and residence permit ( or simply a residence permit in the case of students ) . 
     ### monaco   ** monaco has concluded a bilateral agreement with france on the free movement of persons which provides that mon\u00e9gasque nationals do not require a permit to work , study or reside in france . 
  ** monaco also has bilateral agreements with france on social security coordination and the mutual recognition of professional qualifications . 
  what is more , monaco signed , on 12 february 1982 , a general social security convention with italy . 
     ### san marino   ** san marino has concluded a bilateral agreement with italy on the free movement of persons [ 8 ] . 
  this allows san marino nationals to work and reside in italy . 
  just do it for this :  european countries not part of the european human rights convention :   - belarus  - turkey  - the united kingdom, 
  from a legal standpoint everyone is eligible to seek asylum . 
  but i guess you are asking if you would be granted asylum , and that depends . 
  are you currently persecuted or do you fear that you will be persecuted in the foreseeable future ? 
  it 's all about individuals . 
  not everyone in a country is automatically eligible for asylum just because some people are persecuted . 
  and vice versa , people might be eligible for asylum even if their country is considered safe . 
  i also doubt that the current `` purge '' qualifies as persecution according to the asylum rules . 
  if turkey would permanently imprison all the people that lost their licenses or jobs it would be different . 
  you probably wo n't receive asylum . 
  you should n't call things shitty just because you ca n't afford them . 
  what do you think , by how much would the us reduce their military spending if they would leave nato tomorrow ? 
  so why did n't he say `` countries that do n't fulfill their obligations have to leave nato '' ? 
  most could have agreed to that . 
  but he said `` even if you are a nato member , we 'll decide if we defend you '' . 
  that was tongue in cheek . 
  he said that he 'll decide if a nato member is worth of defending if it 's attacked . 
  does n't matter if he meant the 2 % goal , ratification of ttip , or participation in us led invasions . 
  he voided the one pillar of nato , that an attack on one member is considered an attack on all members . 
  seems stupid . 
  he should have said : `` countries that do n't spend 2 % of their gdp on defense ~ ~ should ~ ~ have to leave nato '' . 
  but he said : `` even nato membership does n't guarantee that we defend you '' . 
  what he did n't say . 
  he does n't mean spending 2 % . 
  he means providing a meaningful effort in the defense of america . 
  though you 'll only notice this after estonia was attacked . 
  and then trump will count the number of aircraft , submarines and tank battalions that estonia could have provided if the us were attacked . 
  if trump reiterates his statement once he 's president , nato is dead . 
  that becomes pretty clear once you realize that estonia , member of the 2 % club , has to rely on nato leeches to police their airspace . 
  if all the leeches leave nato , the 5 countries that meet their spending goal have to increase their spending . 
  on the other hand there 's the problem that there 's no other good metric to make sure that some countries are n't overburdened while other do too little . 
  if nato were an unified army one could probably use capabilities as a metric . 
  but it is n't , so percent of gdp is the best we have . 
  and 2 % seems like a fair goal . 
  he said ( i ca n't find a transcript from that press conference though . ), 
  that after a nato member was attacked by russia he would decide if he would would come to their aid only after reviewing whether those nations `` have fulfilled their obligations to us . '', 
  that is very different from `` fulfill your obligations or leave nato '' . 
  he effectively said `` you can stay in nato , but we might not defend you '' . 
   when was it unconditional ? 
  always has been . 
   there are criteria that need to be fulfilled to join nato . 
  many are failing that . 
  so kick them out of nato . 
  you do n't keep members in your defense alliance and then decide to not defend them . 
  nato defense was unconditionally . 
  an attack on a nato member is currently treated as an attack on all nato members . 
  if trump has his way there will be conditions attached to it . 
  you do n't get defended if you do n't spend enough . 
  there might be other conditions in the future . 
  you do n't get defended if you do n't participate in our invasions ( e.g. 
  iraq 2003 ) . 
  you do n't get defended if you do n't agree on certain things on ttip . 
  if trumps reiterates his statement once he 's president , nato is dead . 
  if he wants everyone to spend 2 % of their gdp he should threaten to kick out countries that fail to meet that target . 
  if mutual defense in a military alliance is n't unconditional the alliance is dead . 
  who guarantees that trump wo n't add further requirements in the future . 
  `` we only defend countries that have signed free trade agreements with the us '' he should have said something like `` countries that do n't meet spending goals have to leave nato '' . 
  that would have been totally different . 
  maybe we just value freedom of assembly higher than austria . 
  relevant because she 's from europe ? 
  i love how agenda pushers always have to insert or remove words to slightly change the meaning of something that was said to prove their point . 
   old data nato press release from 4 july 2016 , with a cut off date for information of 1 july 2016 . 
  maybe bulgaria has n't followed their plan from 2014 ? 
  it 's not europe that stops the us from reducing its military spending . 
  the nato spending target is not 3.61 % of gdp . 
  you spend that much on your military because you want to . 
  it 's your own choice . 
  blaming europe for lack of us social spending is just an excuse . 
  you should have triggered article 5 again . 
   if your sons and brothers were on foreign soil defending ready to die on behalf of a country on the other side of the world are you talking about afghanistan ? 
  where soldiers from many european nato countries died defending the us ? 
  it 's not europe that stops the us from reducing its military spending . 
  but that 's not going to happen .
