  the alternative to this is a default . 
  greece owes 14.8 billion euro in treasury bills until january 2016 . 
  more than 5 billion have to be paid to the imf this year . 
  who is going to pay for that if not greece with new loans ? 
  these installments will most likely be turned into debt that wo n't mature until a decade from now . 
  debt/gdp does n't matter if most of the debt only matures decades from now . 
  there is enough time to talk about debt relief once greece has shown that they comply with the agreed terms . 
   we would be giving them money to repay old tranches of debt that they owe us the esm money will be used to pay debt greece owes to the imf , the ecb , and private treasury bill holders . 
  until january 2016 greece has to pay for t-bills that alone are worth 14.8 billion euro . 
  the first eurozone loan ( 181 million euro ) will become due in june 2020 . 
  which is way after the third bailout plan . 
  look at this nice [ debt due date timeline ] ( http://graphics.wsj.com/greece-debt-timeline/ ) to see that the eurozone does n't pay itself with this bailout . 
  not going to happen . 
  most likely merkel will run in 2017 . 
  and sch\u00e4uble will be 79 in 2021 . 
  even for him that 'll be too old to be chancellor . 
  the loans prevent that greece has to default . 
  which will have negative consequences on food prices and the ability of greeks to buy food . 
  a devaluing currency means decreased purchasing power for things that have to be imported . 
  and greece has to import food and many other essentials . 
  the apple from poland wo n't get cheaper just because greece switches to drachma . 
  because the seller takes euros . 
  one thing is sure . 
  varoufakis book will sell like hotcakes . 
  it will very likely lead to debt restructuring once greece has proven that they will comply with the agreed measures . 
  what 's stopping greece from having another referendum after 50 % of the debt has been written off ? 
  it would be totally stupid to reward them with a debt relief before they have implemented anything . 
   germany should have championed debt relief . 
  it would have cost them nothing except getting less future profit why do you think greece needs 85 billion euro ? 
  to pay back the eurozone loans that do n't mature until 2020 or 2023 ? 
  nope . 
  they need that money to pay back imf , ecb and private t-bill holders . 
  that 's not debt germany , or any other country in the eu could write off . 
  it is n't owed to the eurozone , one has to take actual money to pay these installments . 
  and do you imply that germany should pay back money spain and other ez members gave to greece ? 
  lol, 
  so they should have sticked to `` oxi means grexit '' ? 
  and yet germany receives the most asylum applications in the eu . 
  and only very few are deported because of dublin regulations . 
  courts have stopped dublin deportations to italy , greece and hungary years ago . 
  it 's really bad that one ca n't deport legitimate refugees back to a war zone . 
  tl ; dr : we are a tax haven ( but the leading consulting company for multi-national tax avoidance has made a calculation with a mom & pop shop that shows that companies in ireland actually pay way more taxes than companies in france and germany ), 
   like australia who is going to be europe 's papua new guinea ? 
   i think accepting all those illegals and putting them on `` refugee camps '' is more like ww2 style thing to do and nazis went 1 step further and built `` oven '' next to the camp what ? 
  i thought you like the australian model . 
  no , the price stays the same . 
  but the price would be in euros and not in drachmas . 
  the english wiki article about the treuhand misses all the fun parts about fraud ( selling companies that are valued at  50 million dm for 2 million dm ) and mismanagement ( they accumulated 265 billion dm debt ) . 
  using the treuhand as a blueprint is a recipe for disaster . 
  does he write from his comfy office in australia . 
  isolated from consequences if his predictions are wrong . 
  i think the [ euro summit statement ] ( http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/press/press-releases/2015/07/pdf/20150712-eurosummit-statement-greece/ ) made it pretty clear :  on top of that , the greek authorities shall take the following actions :   to develop a significantly scaled up privatisation programme with improved governance ; valuable greek assets will be transferred to an independent fund that will monetize the assets through privatisations and other means . 
  the monetization of the assets will be one source to make the scheduled repayment of the new loan of esm and generate over the life of the new loan a targeted total of eur 50bn of which eur 25bn will be used for the repayment of recapitalization of banks and other assets and 50 % of every remaining euro ( i.e. 
  50 % of eur 25bn ) will be used for decreasing the debt to gdp ratio and the remaining 50 % will be used for investments . 
    this fund would be established in greece and be managed by the greek authorities under the supervision of the relevant european institutions . 
  in agreement with institutions and building on best international practices , a legislative framework should be adopted to ensure transparent procedures and adequate asset sale pricing , according to oecd principles and standards on the management of state owned enterprises ( soes ) ;, 
  nobody is forcing greece to borrow money . 
  they borrow money to prevent a default . 
  and nobody is forcing greece to cut pensions . 
  cutting pensions is a prerequisite to get that money . 
  if greece does n't want a new bailout they can decline . 
  they will have to default , they will have to leave the eurozone , and pensions would be cut through devaluation . 
  there are n't enough doctors ? 
   it 's just an excuse the eurogr\u00fcppenf\u00fchrer uses . 
    but 50bn euro of state assets is given to germany as collateral . 
  you did n't even bother to read the current proposal . 
   this fund would be established in greece and be managed by the greek authorities under the supervision of the relevant european institutions . 
  in agreement with institutions and building on best international practices , a legislative framework should be adopted to ensure transparent procedures and adequate asset sale pricing , according to oecd principles and standards on the management of state owned enterprises ( soes ) ; but do n't let that stop you , keep your anti-german posts coming . 
  greece stance on some reforms : the troika did n't force us to do reforms , so we did n't . 
  greece stance on other reforms : the troika forces us to do reforms , that 's humiliating . 
  that 's not blackmail . 
  that 's the consequence of not having money . 
  that would be blackmail : `` if you dont take this deal , we will increase the price of medicine for you , so you wont be able to import enough medicine . '', 
  `` oxi means grexit '' i 've heard that before . 
  so you want a default without the consequences of a default ? 
  not going to happen , because others might request the same . 
   last night the only people on / r/europe were the ones that are informed you mean those who were shocked that the finance minister of germany sits in the board of the development bank that is owned by the german state ? 
  remember how sch\u00e4ube would put assets worth 50 billion euro in his personal bank account ? 
  when you are at the point of being allowed to declare personal bankruptcy the creditors already have taken everything they could . 
  it 's not like you can take a loan , buy a house from it and get it for free if you live 7 years from 1080 euros . 
  and all we need is even more vomitting . 
  retweeting dank eu = = nazi memes will truly solve the issue once and for all . 
  reforms usually reduce the money people have in their pockets . 
  businesses are against higher vat . 
  tax dodgers are against stricter tax enforcement . 
  island people are against reduced tax exemptions . 
  pensioners are against pension cuts . 
  workers are against increased pension ages . 
  public workers are against layoffs . 
  reforms hurt . 
  that many reforms at the same time will basically hurt everyone multiple times . 
  if germany gets into trouble as bad as greece it has to default . 
  because there wo n't be anyone who could finance a bailout . 
  there 's enough left that could collapse . 
  because people do n't know what they want . 
  they think the two alternatives are austerity and no austerity . 
  but that 's not true . 
  this time oxi will actually mean grexit . 
  and it 's very likely that this will be more painful than troika imposed austerity . 
  time for a referendum .
