  if sweden is as bad as the right wingers portray it , there should be some new material by now . 
  no need to reupload the same fucking video hundreds of times to youtube . 
  april/2 . 
    mit freundlichen gr\u00fc\u00dfen   ihr helmut kohl http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/nhbrfbek/bjnr021350991.html -- too german ; did n't read : german president weizs\u00e4cker and chancellor kohl exchange a letter of historic self-reflexion , where they come to the conclusion that the 3rd stanza is the one that reflects the wishes of the german people best , and should therefor be the german anthem . 
  `` unity and justice and freedom ''  `` germany , germany above all else '', 
  sure . 
  but many of the people who are pro nuclear do n't want to ask that question . 
  they believe that nuclear power plants are totally safe if you do n't repeat the mistakes of chernobyl and fukushima . 
  it 's pretty obvious that this is a fallacy . 
  both of us will witness another ines-7 incident . 
  and pro nuclear groups will use the very same arguments they used after chernobyl and fukushima . 
  ca n't happen here because the conditions are totally different . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1999_blayais_nuclear_power_plant_flood https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fessenheim_nuclear_power_plant#seismicity, 
  indeed . 
  if there are no soviets in your nuclear power plant and it is n't in a tsunami area it 's 1000 % safe . 
  because these two are the only things known to mankind that have caused an ines-7 incident . 
  see you next time when we add another item to the list . 
  we both will witness the third ines-7 event . 
  they used fact based reasoning for the height of the sea wall in blayais and fukushima as well . 
  turned out their reasoning was not correct , and the waves that hit them were higher than estimated . 
   do you think , that nuclear reactors are not constructed to resist earthquakes ? 
  that 's literally what i 'm saying . 
  do you think that nuclear reactors are not constructed to resist soviet style testing ? 
  that would be really stupid . 
  do you think that nuclear reactors are not constructed to resist tsunamis ? 
  that would be really stupid . 
   and how could possibly some terrorist blow up reactor , do you have idea how hard it is , to get inside ? 
  they could read the incident report of fukushima and realise that they do n't have to blow up the reactor themselves . 
  what if they blow up the sea walls during a major weather situation ? 
  how well could blayais handle that today ? 
   well why did germany reopen coal power plants which ones ? 
  and in 1999 similar events were caused by the combination of tides and high winds . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1999_blayais_nuclear_power_plant_flood we will only know what will cause them next time when it actually happens . 
  if you believe that a power plant is safe because there is no risk of a tsunami you probably believed that power plants were safe because we learned from chernobyl . 
  looking at ines-7 events and concluding that there wo n't be another one is rather stupid . 
  - 1987 : our plants are safe , we are n't stupid soviets - 2012 : our plants are safe , we are n't stupid soviets and we do n't have tsunamis - 2036 : our plants are safe , we are n't stupid soviets , we do n't have tsunamis and we do n't have earthquakes - 2061 : our plants are safe , we are n't stupid soviets , we do n't have tsunamis , we do n't have earth quakes and we are n't the target of terrorists . 
  - to be continued, 
  fukushima was directly caused by a loss of offsite power event and unusable backup generators . 
  you do n't need a tsunami for that . 
  if temelin blows up we 'll say something like `` the plant was prepared for x. 
  but x +2 happened . 
  stupid czechs should have prepared for x +2 . 
  but flamanville is prepared for y. 
  it 's safe . 
  y +2 will never happen '', 
  fukushima had tons of security measures as well . 
   you do realize that the the united states tries to pull bases out of host countries all the time , only to have the host countries literally create laws preventing the u.s from doing so . 
  can you point to some of these laws ? 
  never heard about that . 
  gdp of italy + slovenia + croatia + austria + bosnia + albania + malta + kosovo + serbia + hungary is basically equal to gdp of california, 
  do you have a university degree ? 
  otherwise your chances for obtaining a work visa might be slim . 
  at least in the eu . 
  most eu countries require employers to prove that there 's no one in the eu that can do the job before hiring someone from abroad . 
  if you have a university degree that proof can be done by having a job with a salary of at least 1.5 x the national average , that 's the so called eu blue card program . 
  it 's the easiest way for foreigners to get a work permit , just need a well paid job and a university degree . 
  all eu countries except uk , ireland and denmark participate in the program . 
  but overall each country has different rules . 
  you should pick a country and then research the requirements for obtaining a work visa . 
   it 's against current dogma where bank profits are more important than living standards of the common people so if you propose it you are literally hitler . 
  can you point out an instance where government default has not made the life of common people harder ? 
   people who are against defaulting are always the ones who hold government bonds and those are mostly banks or rich individuals . 
  and those with insurances . 
  and those who expect to receive a pension one day . 
  it 's also forbidden to insult people who are n't heads of foreign states . 
  should n't have build your apartment in grasshoppers land . 
  countries are allowed to leave the npt if the security situation changes significantly . 
  that happened the moment russia invaded ukraine . 
  sure . 
  this has absolutely nothing to do with maximizing profits . 
  absolutely nothing . 
  it 's the green idiots that force nuclear companies to run plants for as long as possible . 
  so you are saying `` refugees abducted and gang raped innocent child and the german police covers it up '' and `` child agreed to have underage sex , which is also illegal '' are basically the same ? 
  here 's what russian news had as main talking points about the case - refugees involved - she was abducted and raped by a gang - coverup by the police and the german media here 's what russian news got wrong : - no refugees were involved - she was neither abducted nor raped - there was no coverup by the police and german media, 
  september 2017, 
  foreign army bases are also good for the local economy . 
  in the perimeter of these bases many domestic jobs depend on these bases . 
  do you think they would go to war over a military base ? 
  if not then a country can do plenty to make them leave . 
  remove overflight rights for non-urgent flights and blockade the in-bound land access of the base for military transports so they can only get non-military supplies like food . 
  basically : `` elections must of course be held according to european standards . 
  ukrainian politicians must be able to campaign without fear and suppression . 
  but elections in the occupied donbass can be carried out in the presence of occupation troops . 
  we had that in the gdr too . 
  when they had their last elections [ before reunification ] , soviet troops were present as well . 
  did n't prevent a change in government . '', 
  it 's basically about the minsk agreement . 
  unfortunately it does n't explicitly mention if occupation troops have to be removed before elections . 
  moscow says that 's not necessary , kiev says they must be removed . 
  now the german ambassador said `` i agree with moscow '' . 
  i 'm not sure if the german government has an official position , but if it has it 's not the russian one . 
  eu cares what the uk foreign secretary has to say though . 
  especially if he states that the uk has a clear position that does n't depend on the decision from the usa . 
  i can guarantee you that his statement is very welcome throughout the eu . 
  since uk , germany and poland already made clear that they 'll insist on maintaining eu sanctions , there 's a good chance that the sanctions will stay in place . 
   that 's a good thing . 
  at least if you are russia/china/us . 
  i just want to offer an alternative to muslim-infested western europe . 
  move to eastern europe . 
  it 's great .
