  `` but my formula is more correct than the decisions of your electorate '' . 
  maybe he could n't find the `` paste and match style '' option in that short time . 
  because what you describe is how it 's done by every country in the world ? 
  you take new loans to pay back old debt . 
  the idea is to grow your economy before taking a new loan to pay back the old loan . 
  ... ladies and gentlemen of this supposed jury , i have one final thing i want you to consider . 
  ladies and gentlemen , this is chewbacca . 
  chewbacca is a wookiee from the planet kashyyyk . 
  but chewbacca lives on the planet endor . 
  now think about it ; that does not make sense !, 
  why would a wookiee , an 8-foot-tall wookiee , want to live on endor , with a bunch of 2-foot-tall ewoks ? 
  that does not make sense !, 
  but more important , you have to ask yourself : what does this have to do with this case ? 
  nothing . 
  ladies and gentlemen , it has nothing to do with this case !, 
  it does not make sense !, 
  look at me . 
  i 'm a lawyer defending a major record company , and i 'm talkin ' about chewbacca !, 
  does that make sense ? 
  ladies and gentlemen , i am not making any sense !, 
  none of this makes sense !, 
  and so you have to remember , when you 're in that jury room deliberatin ' and conjugatin ' the emancipation proclamation , does it make sense ? 
  ladies and gentlemen of this supposed jury , it does not make sense !, 
  if chewbacca lives on endor , you must acquit !, 
  the defense rests . 
  if it would n't be a fixed funding campaign less people would have contributed . 
  the chances that the campaign reaches its target is zero , so nobody has to pay anything . 
  another 3 months of daily water-level reports and opinion pieces by nobel price winners in their ivory towers . 
  fuck that . 
  if italy and spain get a debt relieve we want too . 
  we could do nice things with the 50 billion euro interest we pay each year . 
  if you give money to your neighbor , is it almost like you gave money to yourself ? 
  which schengen country would you pick ? 
  i checked the numbers , and it looks like you guys are n't even trying . 
  they are anarchists . 
  they spent the little pocket money they receive from their parents on booze . 
  of course they get angry if they have to pay for things they want to do . 
  muh european values . 
  these subhumans destroy our humanistic values !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ / s ^ ^ ^ ^ obviously, 
  what is stopping the uk to send them home after their home is safe again ? 
  as iraq has shown you have to account for all the soldiers that will desert and defect if they actually have to fight against fellow muslims . 
  in 10 years we say `` is : ng would n't have existed if we had n't bombed ramadi back in 2015 , because the death of his mother was the reason abdul ahmed amah founded is : ng '' . 
  the only way to fix the mess down there is to invade and stay forever . 
  as soon as western forces leave , the power vacuum will be filled by the next terror group . 
  the * muslim group a vs. muslim group b * crap is so deep in their heads that you do n't get it out of the people . 
  at least the boxes have the [ same size ] ( http://www.oesta.gv.at/images/2006/9/27/1635213315.jpg ) . 
   we should go in , clean house and then get out again so [ ... ] iraq can finish the job . 
  like last time ? 
   but anyone refugee who entered via people smuggler can never settle in europe . 
  that would be a violation of the un refugee convention . 
   article 31   1 . 
  the contracting states ** shall not impose penalties , on account of their illegal entry ** or presence , on refugees who , coming directly from a territory where their life or freedom was threatened in the sense of article 1 , enter or are present in their territory without authorization , provided they present themselves without delay to the authorities and show good cause for their illegal entry or presence . 
  well . 
  i had to pick a number . 
   ( there are a lot of nations in the eu without the euro ) and except denmark and the uk , every single one of these nations is obligated to join the euro . 
  that 's the reason why we have the question if you can leave the euro without leaving the eu . 
  adopting the euro is mandatory in the eu . 
  on top of that , printing money they are not allowed to print sends a strong signal to every other country in the world that greece can not be trusted . 
  if they print euros they can print rubles , yuan , us-dollars as well . 
  and how long will the greek public play syriza 's game ? 
  why would they want to stay in the euro if they are paid in worthless alternative drachmas ? 
  syriza would be thrown out of office within weeks . 
  it 's a great deal . 
  greece can pay back russia and china in rubles and yuan that were printed in greece . 
  every country in the world wants allies that have fucked up the economies of their former allies on purpose . 
  i would n't be surprised if they have other ways to get money . 
  they have plenty of fake agencies and plenty of fake companies . 
  maybe the `` studienstelle f\u00fcr auslandsfragen '' gets some money from the ministry of education and research . 
  or the `` technische revisionsstelle der bundesverkehrsverwaltung '' gets money from the ministry for traffic . 
  what if the `` ionosph\u00e4reninstitut '' gets money from the ministry for environment ? 
  or more simple than that , the bnd works together with the bundeswehr , so they could hide money transfers in the defense budget . 
  unless the bnd has its own snowden we will never know . 
  playing dumb and inept sounds like a great strategy for an intelligence service . 
  `` we are so stupid , we ca n't even stop the us from spying on our chancellor '', 
  they sell seafood . 
  i actually like that stuff , but i do n't eat there often . 
  does greece want to be treated like mississippi ? 
  because i doubt it . 
  imagine what would happen if the eurozone would send tax officers to greece . 
  they would do tax audits on businesses and individuals . 
  the eurozone would also send court officers that seize assets of tax debtors that are in default . 
  how long until they would cry nazi invasion ? 
  or do you expect that other euro members continue paying when greece does n't enforce the tax laws they have ? 
  the shop owners do n't trust the banking system . 
  they do n't want an electronic transfer that is currently not backed by physical money . 
  they want physical money . 
  the euro notes you have in your pocket wo n't be converted to drachma , so they will keep their value . 
  when greece converts to drachmas the new currency will lose its value . 
  if you have real euros you will be able to buy more things than if you had drachmas that were formerly euros . 
  easy example . 
  you have 100 euros in your bank account , i have 100 euros in my pocket . 
  greece converts to drachma . 
  they convert 1:1 . 
  so your 100 euros are now 100 drachmas , my 100 euros stay 100 euros . 
  because greece needs to pay pensions and does n't have money , they create more money to pay pensioners . 
  and the drachma loses its value . 
  suddenly your 100 drachmas are only worth 90 euro , my 100 euro are still 100 euro . 
  -- on top of that , if greece defaults there is a chance that some greek banks collapse . 
  if your bank goes bankrupt your savings are gone .
