  the sanctions are too long to quote , because basically everything is relevant , so please read it up yourself : http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/policies/sanctions/ukraine-crisis/ while there is a ban on selling certain technologies that can be used for oil and gas extracting to russia , there 's nothing in the sanctions that prohibits north stream , or south stream . 
   because of the same sanctions italy has been forced to stop the so called south stream that would have allowed us the distribution of gas in sourthern europe . 
  now germany has the exclusive . 
  it was actually russia that cancelled the south stream project . 
  and they cancelled it because of the sanctions . 
  because they did n't like the sanctions , and not because the project would be possible with the sanctions . 
  and here 's germany 's reaction to that : - reuters : [ merkel urges bulgaria to seek new talks with putin on south stream ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-bulgaria-gas-southstream-iduskbn0jt1ni20141215 ) - institue of energy for south-east europe : [ with south stream abandoned merkel accuses putin of bullying russia 's neighbours ] ( http://www.iene.eu/with-south-stream-abandoned-merkel-accuses-putin-of-bullying-russias-neighbours-p1112.html )  fun fact : when prime minister renzi reminded this to the european parliament , he received the support of all european countries except germany and the netherlands , the countries north stream is gon na pass in . 
  if north stream is illegal , why does renzi not take it to the commission or to a court instead of complaining to the eu parliament ? 
  which opt-outs does luxembourg have ? 
   really ? 
  germany used 250 billion $ to save its banking system back in i think was in 2005 or so and now it 's forbidding other nations to do the same thing they did . 
  germany wo n't stop anyone from bailing out their banks with their own money . 
  but according to eu regulation that was recently adopted , that bail-out has to come after a at least partial bail-in . 
  and the bail-out has to follow certain rules so it does n't fall under state-aid . 
  and in the case of italian banks bail-in first is a bit problematic , because under a bail-in scheme , many pensioners will lose their savings because they unwittingly invested in banking products that are n't covered by the deposit safety guarantee . 
   it has a consistent export surplus violating european laws and yet it has n't been sanctioned for it . 
  if you want to sanction countries just because they violate macro-economic imbalance indicators , every single country in the eu has to get sanctioned . 
  though the czech republic only violates one indicator , and that just very slightly . 
  all others have multiple violations on the [ mip scoreboard ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/7089786/2-26112015-bp-en.pdf ) . 
  there are different levels of [ macroeconomic imbalance procedures ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/economic_governance/macroeconomic_imbalance_procedure/index_en.htm ) . 
  germany is currently in the `` imbalances '' category , where imbalances are monitored and the eu commission suggests things to correct these imbalance . 
  but is n't the worst offender in the scorecard . 
  countries like italy or france are in the `` excessive imbalances '' category . 
  but even that category does n't include corrective measures that are forced upon the member . 
  there 's currently no eu country that is in the last category , which imposes corrective measures , i.e. 
  sanctions . 
   it imposed sanctions on russia , causing billions of euros of loss among european nations and yet it 's still building the north stream , again , breaking the law it imposes on others . 
  the sanctions against russia are n't a full embargo . 
  north stream might violate the spirit of the sanctions , but it does n't violate the letter of the sanctions . 
  neither does italy , by selling the iveco lmv `` lynx '' to russia , because the deal was made before the sanctions . 
  just have to bend the eu state subsidy rules a bit . 
   start with the 2 referendum that ireland rejected and we 're simply told to vote again and give the right answer . 
  the treaty was amended after the first referendum . 
   we are a neutral country but we will be forced to send our young men to fight in an eu army when we are told . 
  can you quote the article that says that ? 
   there is no legal recourse in irelands refusal . 
  we were told the eu would make an exception for ireland in this regards but let 's see how long this lasts when german and polish boys start coming home in body bags . 
  so it 's `` the eu could be undemocratic '' . 
  but yes , you should get a permanent opt-out . 
  but double-sided opt-out . 
  no help for ireland , even if they request it . 
   merkel can just throw out the dublin agreement article 17 of the [ dublin regulation ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=oj:l:2013:180:0031:0059:en:pdf ) :  1 . 
  by way of derogation from article 3 ( 1 ) , ** each member state may decide to examine an application for international protection lodged with it by a third-country national or a stateless person , even if such examination is not its responsi bility under the criteria laid down in this regulation . 
  ** that 's what germany did by saying `` we wo n't apply the dublin regulations for syrians '' . 
  germany voluntarily took responsible for these cases . 
  germany never suspended the dublin regulations . 
  the savior of europe on the other hand ... [ reuters : defying eu , hungary suspends rules on asylum seekers ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-europe-migrants-austria-hungary-idukkbn0p31zb20150623 )  which is all part of the march to the united states of europe . 
  indeed . 
  asylum seekers are a way to turn the eu into the united states of europe . 
   now how long gone do i have to wait on the paid shills of the eu to get in here ? 
  if you want faster service you have to tell that fascist schulz that you wrote a posting that criticized the eu . 
  the reddit team at the eu is underfunded . 
  our current priority are threads about asylum seekers . 
   i wonder what usernames will pop up ... did i fulfill your expectation ? 
  thank you for your tax money . 
  and need more than 50 % of the banknote . 
  which in the cases where it is n't crystal clear means that someone at the central bank has to solve a banknote jigsaw puzzle . 
   europe please , wake up , we have this kind of news every other day . 
  we always had . 
  but before people believed that the perpetrators could be asylum seekers , very very few cases did even make it into national news . 
  and now we 're reading about weekly cases in international news , respectively international forums . 
  7,022 cases of rape had been reported in 2015 ( 2014 : 7,345 ) in germany . 
  that 's basically 20 cases per day . 
  and that 's just rape and similar sexual assaults . 
  there were another 4,786 that were just sexual assault . 
  but these are just rape and sexual assault cases where the victims are n't children . 
  there were also 11,808 reported cases that involved children . 
  last year we had a total of 46,081 ( 2014 : 46,982 ) reported cases of crimes against sexual self-determination . 
  let 's not pretend that asylum seekers brought sexual assault to europe . 
  taxi unions use the full extent of the law . 
  to be fair , like in many other countries , taxis in germany are highly regulated . 
  here taxis are part of the public transport . 
  and because of that they have to follow certain rules . 
  they ca n't set their own fees . 
  they are not allowed to provide flat fee service if they do n't leave the mandatory service area , which at least covers their municipality . 
  they are generally not allowed to refuse passengers , no matter how bad your star-rating is . 
  they have to drive you everywhere in the mandatory service area , even if the trip is just 500 meters and they 'll lose their place in the taxi queue at the airport . 
  they are reluctant to do that , but they are obliged by the law . 
  taxi companies in one municipality also have to provide a minimum taxi coverage 24/7 . 
  if you want to be picked up in the middle of the night anywhere in the mandatory service area , you 'll get picked up eventually . 
  taxis also need insurance that covers passengers . 
  and last but not least taxi drivers have to undergo regular health checks , which regular drivers do n't have to do at all . 
  and their vehicles need a check up every 12 months . 
  as opposed to regular cars , where brand new cars do n't need a checkup for the first 36 months and then there 's a 24 month intervals between successive checks . 
  uber ? 
  they believe they do n't have to do anything of the above . 
  which makes it pretty easy to undercut the prices taxis take . 
  there are just two options . 
  deregulation of taxis . 
  or regulating uber as extensively . 
  there ca n't be fair competition as long as one market participant has to follow expensive rules , while the other one does n't have to follow rules at all . 
  there was no `` invitation '' for the first 9 months of 2015 . 
  so maybe orban let him in before merkel tore down the fence in hungary . 
   merkel did get to drive policy forward alone . 
  this had consequences for everyone . 
  the whole eu has to get on board or they are ungrateful . 
  why because merkel knows best ? 
  you should check up the actual timeline . 
  then you 'll notice that before merkel invited everyone germany expected 600,000 asylum seekers in 2015 . 
  and you 'll notice that 50,000 asylum seekers were protesting and rioting in hungary before merkel invited everyone .
