  people already forgot the photos from keleti station , which was a defacto refugee camp by mid 2015 . 
  the reason to kill a shop keeper would be to rob the shop . 
  what would be the reason to kill in this case ? 
   was it worth it merkel ? 
  what if he entered before merkel invited him in late august 2015 ? 
  what if he was one of the 400,000 people that entered the main schengen area in hungary in 2015 before merkel invited everyone to europe ? 
  who do we blame then ? 
  you ca n't judge 80 million by the actions of a bit more than 598 people . 
  then greece , italy , spain or hungary ( those that came 2015 ) will run into that problem . 
  out of sight out of mind wo n't work . 
  especially not inside the schengen area . 
   and there are n't enough ressources for detaining people like him indifinetly . 
  ausreisepflichtige still receive hartz 4 , do n't they ? 
  if you take into account that moving rejected asylum seekers to a `` refugee camp '' , even a fancy one , will incentivise them to leave voluntarily , it will probably be cheaper to build camps that are compatible with human rights then to pay them hartz 4 indefinitely . 
   it will sound harsh but he should be put in jail . 
  at least until he says where he is from is what i 'd suggest . 
  that usually wo n't help . 
  most countries do n't want their citizens back , and they use every strategy to achieve that . 
  if you ca n't prove that a person is their citizen they will tell you that he 's not their citizen and that they are therefor not responsible . 
  happens all the time . 
  the hardest thing about deportations is to get the necessary papers from the other government that allow you to send their citizens back . 
   then again if it is known he was born in saudi arabia , and that he came form palestine , he just needs to be sent to palestine , and if they deem right they can deport him to saudi arabia . 
  what if ~ ~ palestine ~ ~ israel does n't want that ? 
  if we start to strongarm countries because the eu ca n't handle a few million asylum seekers , we 'll lose a lot of soft power in the world . 
  nobody will listen if we tell them that peaceful cooperation is the way to go , while we solve our own diplomatic disagreements with gunboat diplomacy . 
   however . 
  this is not next turkey or venezuela , where political and economical situation is totally different . 
  i just do n't understand why people bring those cases so easily . 
  democracies do n't turn into authoritarian states within a single bill . 
  authoritarian states are created with countless little bills that lead to power seizure bit by bit . 
  autocracies are created by telling people that the country has powerful enemies that want to destroy it . 
  brussels and germany want to tell us how to run our country !, 
  do n't allow that !, 
  do n't trust anything they tell you !, 
  they are lying !, 
  only we have the interest of the polish people in mind !, 
  look at one of the three proposed bills . 
  germany has the same . 
  yet they tell us that the other two are an attack on checks and balances . 
  these hypocrites !, 
  autocracies are created by replacing free media with unfree media . 
  the enemies of poland use private media to influence the proud people of poland . 
  do n't trust them , they only spread propaganda !, 
  read state media to learn about the truth . 
  autocracies are created by seizing power in the judiciary . 
  these judges are all communists . 
  they are slow and do n't act in the interest of the polish people . 
  we have the worst judicial system in the world . 
  the judges have to be replaced !, 
  autocracies are created by getting rid of checks and balances . 
  constitutional court members were selected by the opposition !, 
  they will stop progress in poland if we do n't replace them with better judges . 
  autocracies are created by creating internal enemies . 
  the opposition in poland are corrupt communists . 
  and puppets to brussels . 
  they conspired to kill the other kaczynski . 
  they also let down the country by voting in favour of terrorist quotas !, 
  we have to prevent them from destroying our country !, 
  we have to make laws that protect poland !, 
  autocracies are created by purges in the education system . 
  there are a lot of communists among the teachers in poland . 
  the teachers infiltrate the mind of our youngest with un-polish values . 
  we ca n't accept that . 
  and so on . 
  most of that has n't happened yet . 
  but i 'm pretty sure the current government would n't hesitate to try if they can get away with most of them . 
  and poles would generally be okay with that . 
  because the government won the election . 
  and the previous government did the same . 
  and if we selectively pick some changes in our bills , you will even see that germany has similar laws . 
  no problem . 
  you are obviously right . 
  poland is n't turkey . 
  but its safe to say that poland has chosen a path that looks quite similar . 
  and if poles are n't vigilant , they wake up one day and realise that they now are indeed the turkey of central europe . 
  but then it 'll be too late . 
  so maybe , just maybe , read all these anti-polish articles that want to tell you how to run your country . 
  and then think about what they are trying to tell you . 
  the author of the article might not know how politics works in poland ( the whole `` previous government did the same , so it 's okay '' spiel ) . 
  but the author might know how things like checks and balances work . 
  they might even know about the history of other authoritarian state . 
  maybe the author does n't even hate poland . 
  they are also communists . 
  they have also conspired to kill his brother . 
  and they are puppets of merkel . 
  purges are justified in that case . 
  why so angry at poland ? 
  turkey does it too !, 
  eu does n't do anything about the problem !, 
  shame on them !, 
  eu does things i ca n't grasp !, 
  shame on them !, 
  keep writing these angry one-liners . 
  i could barely recognise it without the burning cars . 
  do you plan to present that poll to the eu commission ? 
   we are against `` mandatory quotas '' , but we will support you in anything that may become a real solution . 
   we 're not net exporters by any means . 
  you are correct . 
  i should have limited this to lng , instead of using the general term energy . 
  lng exports went from 28.4 billion cubic feet ( gas equivalent i hope ) in 2015 to 186.8 bcf in 2016 .
