  what shows on arte would you consider propaganda ? 
   ... ladies and gentlemen of this supposed jury , i have one final thing i want you to consider . 
  ladies and gentlemen , this is chewbacca . 
  chewbacca is a wookiee from the planet kashyyyk . 
  but chewbacca lives on the planet endor . 
  now think about it ; that does not make sense !, 
    why would a wookiee , an 8-foot-tall wookiee , want to live on endor , with a bunch of 2-foot-tall ewoks ? 
  that does not make sense !, 
  but more important , you have to ask yourself : what does this have to do with this case ? 
  nothing . 
  ladies and gentlemen , it has nothing to do with this case !, 
  it does not make sense !, 
  look at me . 
  i 'm a lawyer defending a major record company , and i 'm talkin ' about chewbacca !, 
  does that make sense ? 
  ladies and gentlemen , i am not making any sense !, 
  none of this makes sense !, 
  and so you have to remember , when you 're in that jury room deliberatin ' and conjugatin ' the emancipation proclamation , does it make sense ? 
  ladies and gentlemen of this supposed jury , it does not make sense !, 
  if chewbacca lives on endor , you must acquit !, 
  the defense rests . 
  i live in a neighborhood with soviet style apartment blocks in a small city in eastern germany . 
  low income families ( like 80 % german ) live in my neighborhood . 
  students from asia and a couple migrants from eastern europe live here as well . 
  since two years i 'm in the middle of the decentralized refugee housing project of my city . 
  right now i live in the same apartment building as two families from syria ( unhcr resettlement refugees ) and two from kosovo ( asylum request not decided yet . 
  literally no chance for asylum ) . 
  nothing has changed . 
  literally nothing . 
  we greet each other and try to not annoy us too much . 
  they have n't tried to kill me . 
  they have n't robbed me . 
  they have n't groped my female friends . 
   who else ? 
  until last year refugees were not a big issue for europe . 
  for countries that are n't named italy or greece . 
  and it began becoming an issue for the rest way earlier than late august 2015 when merkel `` invited everyone '' . 
  that why the german federal agency for migration gave the 800,000 arrivals estimate weeks before merkel said anything . 
  the number of people who requested asylum in hungary between q3/2014 and end of q3/2015 was 200,000 ( [ eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:first_time_asylum_applicants,_q3_2014_\u2013_q3_2015.png ) ) . 
  almost like merkel did n't cause the refugee crisis . 
   canada taking about only 25,000 syrians - and only families , no unaccompanied young men . 
  that way , many of the problems europe complains about now do not arise . 
  that old argument again . 
  canada has the fucking atlantic ocean between them and the home countries of asylum seekers . 
  of course they can be picky . 
  during the german contribution to the unhcr resettlement program , where germany resettled 30,000 people ( and 30,000 under private sponsorship visa ) it was also families and other people of need who were resettled . 
  i wish smartasses like him would propose how the eu can become like canada . 
  i would have expected a bit more from one of the `` top global thinkers '' . 
  you should not post `` news '' sources that just copy year old news and add a few photos from other old articles . 
  she will be re-elected in 2017 . 
  and downvotes wo n't change that . 
   where in the eu do iraqis have `` more than a 75 percent chance '' to get an asylym ? 
  germany . 
  of the 16796 asylum decisions on iraqi nationals in 2015 , 14510 ended in refugee status . 
  that 's 86.3 %, 
  just concerned hand grenade throwers from the middle of society . 
  so now it 's just a story about child abuse , where the abuse part might have been consensual ? 
  i thought it was about a girl that was abducted by refugees who raped her for 30 hours . 
  in that case , i 'll thank god for the french and british . 
  `` they take more '' means `` the threshold for confiscating is lower '' . 
  if an asylum seeker has 2000 $ with him , denmark will take 660 $ . 
  bavaria will take 1250 $ . 
  baden-w\u00fcrtemberg will take 1650 $ and north rhine-westphalia will take 1800 $ . 
  there 's a pizza party on the day the tests take place . 
  and students who ca n't read win a helicopter ride to that party . 
  every schengen country is required to include machine readable face images and fingerprints in newly issued passports . 
  i doubt that there are forged schengen passports that have the correct features . 
  maybe the us is just incapable of using the features they requested . 
  you believe 0.05 % additional migration will destroy the eu ? 
  can i claim that poland is destroying germany then ? 
  because in 2014 , 143760 poles moved to germany , while 70700 moved away . 
  which leaves us with a net migration of 73060 . 
  which is roughly 0.09 % of germany 's population . 
  so almost double the migration that will definitely destroy europe . 
  i know , i know . 
  not comparable . 
  because poles are obviously good immigrants . 
  if i had to guess , visa-free travel . 
  are you suggesting we deport homeless people to jordan ? 
  well . 
  ask the belgian navy for a boat and go for it . 
  people who have watched law and order might remember the intro :  in the criminal justice system , the people are represented by two separate yet equally important groups . 
  the police who investigate crime and the district attorneys who prosecute the offenders . 
  that 's how it works in all lawful countries . 
  it 's not up to the police to decide who is charged . 
  they investigate and collect the evidences and report their findings to the public prosecutor . 
  and even if the prosecutor decides that he presses charges ( for example to clarify the legal situation of pepper spray used in self defense ) , there 's still the court that can rule that using of an illegal weapon in a self defense situation is justified . 
  even the caricaturists have to follow the gleichschaltung !, 
  to move to germany where they will receive 359 euro instead of 300 euro per month ? 
  according to [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pepper_spray#europe ) it 's illegal in belgium , denmark , greece , ireland , malta , the netherlands , sweden and uk . 
  germany has again the best law about it . 
  pepper spray is legal if it is labeled as `` animal defense spray '' . 
  even if used against humans in self defense situations . 
  in absolute terms , estonia is still underfunded . 
  if your economy is so small , the magic 2 % wo n't even allow you to guard your own airspace . 
  they missed a very important `` in middle-eastern countries '' in the headline . 
  otherwise people who only read headlines might believe that this is a plan to undercut minimum wage in germany . 
  --  baqaa refugee camp , jordan ( ap ) -- germany proposes creating up to 500,000 short-term jobs to help syrian refugees survive in overburdened middle eastern host countries , the minister for economic cooperation said during a visit to jordan on tuesday . 
    germany will raise the idea at next week 's annual syria aid conference in london , gerd mueller told the associated press . 
    `` it 's called cash for work , to employ syrian refugees , but also unemployed jordanians ... in building schools , infrastructure , '' mueller said , adding that participants would be paid about 300 euros ( $ 325 ) a month .
