  if you think it 's great that people think of `` us '' and `` them '' , switch back to the flag of your country . 
  the question is when do we declare the war as over ? 
  in case of syria we are probably talking about decades . 
  if isis was bombed away there is still assad vs. the rebels . 
  if someone stays in his host country for a decade or more , things get complicated . 
  if you return people after they 've been living in your country for a long time you basically destroy their life . 
  for plenty people the host country would also be incredibly stupid if they send them home . 
  what 's the point of sending a well integrated refugee home ? 
  but generally , people have to leave after they can return safely to their home country . 
  but the country has to enforce that . 
  after a decade in a host country few will leave voluntarily . 
  no matter the outcome or the distribution of the votes , they will complain . 
  and they will threaten everyone to have even more referendums . 
  1 euro benefits in romania is more than 0 euro benefits in germany . 
  if the total amount of the structural fund does not increase , countries that do n't participate will receive less , because countries that participate will receive more . 
  if it would be true that they come to germany and sweden for the benefits , they would stay in eastern europe . 
  because people that are registered in eastern europe wo n't receive benefits in germany and sweden . 
  everyone who requests asylum is an asylum seeker . 
  during that process you 'll figure out if someone requires protection or not . 
  and yet , no eastern european country proposed to send ( their ) money to refugee camps in turkey or lebanon instead of participating in the refugee quota system . 
  the eu is the biggest economy in the world . 
  but health care and gun laws have no effect outside of the us . 
  they are purely domestic issues . 
  if a couple ten thousand people get shot or die with treatable cancer it does n't effect us the slightest . 
  on the other hand , the refugee influx in europe has the potential to cause world wide repercussions . 
  if europe starts to elect right extremist parties the us will be affected because these parties have a different foreign policy . 
  plenty of them are anti-eu as well . 
  and if the refugee influx damages the thrust between eu countries things like nato or the eu ( biggest trading partner of us ) are at danger . 
  so you would n't mind being transferred to the uae ? 
  and yet we do n't have sharia in germany . 
  that 's what people said about the steam engine . 
  when that did n't become true they said it about the computer . 
  and now automation is the big revolution that will finally get rid of all the jobs . 
  why are there europeans who care about us gun laws or us health care ? 
  why did you choose germany ? 
   many east germans think the reunification of germany was a mistake what ? 
  maybe `` very few '' . 
  and the ones depicted in op 's photo want to reunify germany even more . 
  you are n't from germany , are you ? 
   not that i expect people to understand language diferences , especially those suffering from ptsd . 
  the irony is big in this one . 
  neger has indeed a negative connotation in germany . 
  it 's an insult . 
  and how many refugees will get that free 2 room apartment in munich ? 
  i am pretty sure that you have to show your schengen visa if you want to board a plane to germany . 
  syria is the country we 're talking about . 
  merkel has realized that the trip to europe is expensive , and because of that there are plenty of skilled workers among syrians . 
  that 's why they can stay . 
  someone is poor ? 
  economic migrant . 
  someone is rich ? 
  economic migrant . 
  rich people do n't get killed by bombs . 
  we can make them ourselves . 
  you put an unskilled worker into an apprenticeship and three years later you have a skilled worker . 
  works for germans and eu citizen , i do n't see why that should n't work for refugees from the middle east and africa . 
  each year germany has ten-thousands of unfilled positions for apprenticeships . 
  germany basically does what others have requested for years . 
  increase internal consumption . 
  germans are n't born with skills either . 
  we have education for that . 
  merkel just realized how many skilled workers are among the syrians that can afford to flee to europe . 
  in 5 years you 'll read in uk newspapers that germany exploited refugees from syria to boost the economy . 
  if you live in an asylum center . 
  if you live on your own you have to add the numbers from ( 2 ) to the numbers from ( 1 ) . 
  140 + 212 = 352 $ til the end of 2014 that were 362 euro . 
  and what are your average expenses ? 
  `` obviously '' i talked to plenty of refugees . 
  their biggest hope is to find a job . 
  did they all lie to me ? 
  if you talk to refugees , you 'll realize that most of them want to go to germany because they want to have a job . 
  they are very eager to work . 
  and they want to have proper education for their kids . 
  germany is paradise for them . 
  good jobs , good education , nice people , great cars , great football . 
  hungary does not have that image . 
  most of the refugees would still try to go to germany if hungary would give away the same benefits as germany . 
  how is the weather in north korea ? 
  if you put it on a graph , the 800,000 figure looks ridiculous . 
  there are just 4 months left ... and some people are already pulling a 1,000,000 out of their ass . 
   becouse they are taking all of the people , without considering whether they are actually refugees or people that are trying to get free stuff . 
  and by `` taking '' you mean housing them while their asylum applications are checked . 
  let 's hope that no terrorist ever finds out what happens to a high speed train if you park a heavy loaded dump truck on train tracks minutes before the train arrives . 
  security theater . 
  they enforced a un resolution . 
  so yes , it actually does . 
  yes , i think i chose the wrong word . 
  `` occasional '' , or `` not systematic '' would have been better . 
  people who have watched hogan 's heros know that you can blow up a bridge or tunnel to kill a nazi train . 
  that 's why they drone all the things . 
  if everything is remote controlled it does n't matter if soldiers do n't fit in tanks anymore . 
  no proposal for any solution and dodging the question by mentioning the evidently bad solution = i do n't know, 
  just writing `` i do n't know '' would have been more honest . 
  to be more precise : eu citizens are allowed to move freely in the eu . 
  but border checks and free movement do n't contradict each other , if the border check just makes sure that you are eligible for free movement and that you do n't bring controlled goods into the other country . 
  that 's basically the same that happens inside the schengen area . 
  if you drive your car from the netherlands back to germany and the police stops you , your freedom of movement wo n't protect you from a check for smuggled drugs . 
  i would suggest to hide railroad tracks under a constant cloud of smoke . 
  because that 's where terrorists could start attacks that ca n't be stopped by us soldiers on vacation . 
  schengen forbids systematic border checks .
