  poland produces half of the candles that are made in europe . 
  and in germany every fifth candle is sold by ikea . 
  sources [ european candle association ] ( http://www.eca-candles.com ) , [ welt.de ( in german ) ] ( http://www.welt.de/print/die_welt/wirtschaft/article123269339/kerzen-gehen-immer.html ), 
  you sell them to your customers . 
  it 's not the government that bought these candles . 
  the eu has sanctions in place . 
  similar to the the sanctions against russia these only cover certain groups of goods and services . 
  obviously you are not allowed to sell them technology that can be used to produce nuclear weapons or other weapons of mass destruction . 
  that includes all dual-use technology . 
  if you can heal cancer and create chemical weapons with a technology , you are not allowed to give it to north korea . 
  generally all weapons technology ca n't be traded . 
  you are not allowed to print banknotes for north korea either . 
  you ca n't sell them gold or diamonds . 
  luxury goods are banned as well . 
  if these cigarettes would be expensive cigars they would n't be able to sell them . 
  here is a long list of eu sanctions : http://eeas.europa.eu/cfsp/sanctions/docs/measures_en.pdf, 
   getting the government to acknowledge your relationship is n't going to change your life for better or worse . 
  well , if you are a civil servant you will receive a higher salary if you are in a registered relationship or married . 
  and as soon as something unexpected happens to you a registered relationship will get very important . 
  if you have an accident your partner wo n't get information from the hospital unless you are able to explicitly allow it . 
  if you end up in the icu of that hospital your parents might be able to stop your partner from visiting you . 
  if you die because of that accident and did n't make a will , your partner will not inherit anything . 
  and obviously your partner wo n't receive widow 's pension or any other compensation . 
  these were things where marriage was important . 
  you now get the same rights from a registered life partnerships . 
  but just add adopted children to these situations and the shit really starts to hit the fan for people who are not married . 
  you are in hospital or dead ? 
  too bad your partner is legally not a parent of your adopted child , we have to take it away from him . 
  that 's child protection the german way . 
  kids might get confused if they end up with only one dad . 
  we better return them to the orphanage so somebody else can adopt them . 
  maybe your partner can try to adopt it . 
  let 's just be realistic , a 100 % equal homosexual marriage is a couple orders of magnitude more likely than abolishing all the additional rights ( and duties ) marriage brings . 
  especially if we talk about things like inheritance it 's pretty hard to find a good replacement if you do n't want to take marriage into account . 
  if you do n't need to be married or in a registered relationship to inherit the assets of your partner , will my girlfriend of 2 weeks inherit all my things ? 
   in the uk bankruptcy will have the debt hounding you for life . 
  only if you choose the wrong structure for your business . 
  every eu country should have some sort of business structure that limits liability of the company to the assets of the company and the guarantee that were given by the owner ( s ) . 
  in uk that would be the limited company . 
  the business types that are easy , cheap and fast to register ( because you do n't need a lawyer and/or notary , you just walk into the municipality office ) are usually the ones where the owner is responsible for all financial woes of the company . 
  time to bring guttenberg back . 
  everything will be awesome . 
  we already have a helicopter called tiger . 
  we ca n't name everything tiger , that would be too confusing for the enemy . 
  the americans call these things jokes . 
  i do n't work for the german government so we could as well end that discussion . 
  please ask sch\u00e4uble and osborne how they want to convince eu-28 that the proposals are a good idea . 
  in that case german car sales in europe would plummet . 
  afaik that 's not the case . 
  i guess dacia became an alternative for people who used to buy used cars . 
  as soon as france would benefit from one of the proposals they will be open to changes . 
  but as i said , every country has the right to veto . 
  so greece could just do that without even listening to the proposals . 
  in the end they are proposals from germany so they are probably made to enslave greece even more . 
   what i 'm saying is regulation = `` more costs '' almost all the time , and you trade money for some security/stability . 
  in case of net neutrality regulation is basically free . 
  providers are not allowed to do anything with the data except routing it through . 
  just treat every data packet the same . 
  that 's the default in every internet hardware you can buy . 
  another example are internet service providers who create so called fast-lanes for content providers like youtube , netflix or steam . 
  and the content providers would have to pay companies like deutsche telekom so customers of telekom receive acceptable speeds . 
  basically the mob system . 
  `` you pay us or we slow down your content so your customers get annoyed and use the competitor that is n't slowed down by us '' . 
  of course they would never say it that way . 
  they would paint it in a positive light . 
  you know , people these days download so much stuff that the data lines are constantly congested , and you would pay for priority traffic . 
  the problem with that is that it creates massive hurdles for non-established companies . 
  while it 's not necessarily a problem for youtube to pay for end-user traffic it might be a problem for smaller companies . 
  if you create a new startup that is a better version of youtube you now have to pay fees to end-user providers . 
  another example is content that does n't affect your data package . 
  for example deutsche telekom offers a contract option to get spotify for a couple of euro . 
  if you buy that option using spotify on your smartphone does not affect your data package . 
  as far as i remember the spotify option costs the same as spotify itself , so one could argue this is great for customers . 
  but it 's bad for business . 
  if you are a startup you wo n't be able to get a deal with telekom for a similar system . 
  and if you are another provider you might not get a deal with spotify because telekom signed an exclusive deal . 
  nobody is talking in the name of the whole eu . 
  germany and uk work together to prepare a list of proposals . 
  this list will be presented to whatever eu-28 committee is responsible for it . 
  then these things will be discussed , changed and voted upon . 
  germany does not have the right to speak for the whole eu . 
  but germany has the right to work together with uk to find a solution to the threat of a eu without uk . 
  if that solution will be accepted by the other 26 members is a totally different question . 
  and switzerland voted against uncontrolled eu-immigration in a [ referendum ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swiss_immigration_referendum,_february_2014 ) in february 2014 . 
  and now everyone waits to see what happens next . 
  they will either turn it into law , which would end almost all eu treaties . 
  or there is another referendum in 2017 about ending most of the eu treaties so uncontrolled eu-immigration can end . 
  you should emphasis `` own wish list of changes '' . 
  because what you have emphasized is the explanation of what the `` treaties of the eu '' are . 
  but yes , that 's how democracy works . 
  someone makes a proposal and others vote on that proposal . 
  what do you think how proposals should be done ? 
  eu-28 ~ ~ plays pok\u00e9mon ~ ~ writes a proposal ? 
   german judiciary even declared dashcams illegal because privacy or something . 
  let me translate the `` or something '' : dash cams are not illegal . 
  you are just not allowed to share the recording with anyone . 
  not on youtube ( obviously ) and , what the case was about , not with the police . 
   i do n't see how body cameras could become a thing here anytime soon . 
  the police there experiments with bodycams . 
  the problem with bodycams in germany is that they most likely can be deactivated by the police officer .
