  and 5 % of the planned 2016 budget . 
  it is n't 17000 euro either . 
  but anyway . 
  sending money to a country outside of europe does n't make asylum seekers disappear . 
  as you have noted yourself , almost 80 % of the asylum seekers are not from syria . 
  so where do you send the money ? 
  which country needs money to convince people from pakistan , nigeria or even just albania to not try to get into the eu ? 
  how do you convince the afghan , who does n't even try to get into a refugee camp in lebanon or turkey , to not come to europe ? 
  so serbia no longer wants to join the eu ? 
  to be honest i like that decision . 
  from the article :  simultaneous participation in two free trade zones - russia and the european union - is not possible , according to medvedev , who said he discussed this with serbian prime minister aleksandar vucic , russian media are reporting today . 
    `` now , when serbia is preparing to join the eu , the european commission requires the termination of this agreement . 
  therefore our fears are fully justified , '' medvedev said at the meeting of the council of heads of government of the commonwealth of independent states . 
  who spends 20000 euro for a refugee ? 
  norway ? 
  too bad there was no time for a trial or a charge in these 14 years . 
  the french are still angry about the freedom fries . 
   and this brain drain is in no way beneficial to our interests . 
  if uk 's politicians are deserving of their jobs , they will realize it . 
  so you really believe the uk gives a fuck about the interests of eastern europe ? 
  i can tell you what will happen when the uk limits migration . 
  they will let in the brains , and keep out the not-brains . 
  polish doctors and engineers ? 
  welcome to the uk . 
  please never go back to poland . 
  polish plumbers and low-skill construction workers ? 
  unfortunately some of your countrymen overstay , so we ca n't even allow you to visit us . 
  in that case please state your full name and address , your current employer and upload the last 365 days of your browser history . 
  do n't worry , we wo n't access the content of the websites you have visited without asking a judge for permission . 
  and even if it was binding , we already know that the cia is willing and able to abduct eu citizens from eu soil . 
  i 'm sure the un and the eu parliament will condemn that afterwards , but that does n't help snowden . 
  there wo n't be a better advertisement for public transport than sitting in traffic while busses in dedicated lanes pass by . 
  the uk ? 
  the country that wants to limit migration because so many people from eastern europe came to the uk ? 
  good luck with that friendship . 
  on the other hand , the `` closest allies '' of poland and romania , the united states of america , require visitor visas from them as well . 
  so that 's pretty consistent . 
  when do romania and poland get visa-free travel for the us ? 
   criticized by whom ? 
  how about germany ? 
  recently the foreign minister of germany has criticized saudi arabia for their treatment of badawi . 
  to state just one example . 
  the german government is well aware that saudi arabia does n't care much about human rights . 
   it 's in germany 's interest to not renew the trade sanction . 
  is it ? 
  good relations to other eu countries are more important than good relations to russia . 
  for fucks sake , it 's called a union . 
  the importance of russia as a trading partner of germany is usually exaggerated . 
  russia wo n't make it into the top 10 of germanys biggest export destinations anytime soon . 
  on the other hand , poland is already in the top 10 . 
  and if polish growth continues for another decade they might land right behind france , the us , the uk and china . 
  but if we send a big * fuck you * to poland , they might try to avoid buying german goods in the future . 
  and about these eastern european leeches ... poland has accepted the current migrant quota proposal . 
  because physically being in the eu is the only way to get asylum in the eu . 
  and the status quo is to live in a refugee camp in turkey or lebanon . 
  and wait maybe another decade until they can return to a somehow peaceful syria . 
  they are desperate to leave these camps because they do n't offer any perspective . 
  no education , no jobs , just waiting . 
  it 's not black and white . 
  i refuse to welcome people who do n't accept the way of life in my country . 
  and i wo n't welcome people who think that getting protection from persecution or war comes with a long list of entitlements . 
  i will tolerate them for now , because human rights . 
  but i would be very happy if we would be able to find a solution that does not require them to be in my country . 
  everyone else ? 
  be my guest . 
  no matter if you are christian , atheist or muslim . 
  if you accept how we do things here and require protection , you should get that protection . 
   must take a special kind of sick to kill a 4 year old . 
  and carrying the dead body around in your car for days . 
  smart guy . 
  he can safe a couple of years if he joins the board of gazprom without becoming chancellor first . 
   also hard to believe it 's his private opinion ? 
  the article should be proof enough . 
  the vice-chancellor of germany represents germany . 
  even if he prefixes his statements with `` this is not the position of brussels and berlin , but '', 
  ca n't blame them . 
  you have to try really hard to believe the vice-chancellors statement when he says that this is his private opinion . 
  as vice-chancellor of germany you ca n't say something in a public meeting with putin and claim that this is just your private opinion . 
  and that is the reason why people in such positions should keep their private opinion for themselves . 
  gabriel is working against german and eu interests . 
  in this case he is even working against spd interest . 
  if it becomes clear that gabriel wants to become the new gazprom schr\u00f6der many people will not vote spd . 
  looks like gabriel wants to skip being chancellor on his way to follow schr\u00f6der to gazprom . 
  gabriel is working against the position of the german government to stroke putins ego . 
  again . 
  putin the oh so busy guy with all his involvement in bombing syria to peace . 
  and of course ukraine is not the reason that the relations between germany and russia are bad . 
  just a symptom . 
  and of course the us basically forces putin to continue his mission in ukraine because they profit from conflict in europe . 
  blah blah blah . 
  oh mister great leader putin . 
  we should take back sanctions already . 
  because we believe that you are the sincere leader of one of the two global powers . 
  and what the fuck is crimea ? 
  i 've never heard that word before . 
  and i have voted for these bastards . 
  may your shuddering stop eventually . 
  [ combined joint expeditionary force ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/combined_joint_expeditionary_force )  the combined joint expeditionary force ( or cjef ) is envisaged as a deployable , combined franco-british military force for use in a wide range of crisis scenarios , up to and including high intensity combat operations . 
  as a joint force it involves all three armed services : a land component composed of formations at national brigade level , maritime and air components with their associated headquarters , together with logistics and support functions . 
    the cjef is not conceived as a standing force but rather as available at notice for uk-french bilateral , nato , european union , united nations or other operations .
