  then merkel said that germany wo n't make use of the dublin regulation for all syrian asylum seekers waiting in hungary . 
  then hungary build their fence , the asylum seekers left to austria and hungary never talked about the 400,000 again . 
  because now hungary turned from the country that fueled the crisis by being an easy entry point into the main schengen area to the saviour of europe . 
  but like merkel and others have warned , the fence did not stop the problem , the asylum seekers just chose another route . 
   leaving a lot of migrants on the territories of other states that did not need them , could not absorb them in any way and could not support the expenses with them . 
  \\ why did these countries not close their border earlier ? 
   then she asked for quotas to redistribute them to other states that have problems assuring proper conditions for their own citizens and never wanted to solve their depopulation in such a chaotic and unprofessional manner ( actually , most of them were poorly educated and were useless for what germany needed ) . 
  the relocation scheme was meant to relieve pressure from greece , italy and hungary ( meanwhile they solved their problem by taking everyone to the austrian border ) . 
  not a single asylum seeker would have been taken from germany to another eu country as part of that scheme . 
  what 's the source of that data ? 
  and if you think about it you 'll realise that undermining homogeneity is as important for intra-eu migration . 
  my grandmother 10 years ago : i do n't want to go to the romanian doctor . 
  you have to take me to the next town . 
  my grandmother like last month : that romanian doctor is so sweet . 
  i could talk with her about her kids for hours . 
  sutherland , soros and the ( ( ( controllers ) ) ) made her realize that the dirty foreigner from romania is actually a human being . 
  i know , that 's really bad . 
  and we should totally keep the us vs. them mentality . 
  because it 's so helpful . 
   if the media and politicians were secretly controlled by a bunch of people - would you know ? 
  probably . 
  on one hand we have multiple whistle blowers and leakers in the intelligence community , who all took an oath to be loyal to the country . 
  but in the media , where nobody took an oath to be loyal to the controllers , nobody is leaking information about that huge conspiracy . 
  and please spare me out of context quotes from interviews published by german media that are supposed to show how merkel controls the media . 
  do you have a name to that quote ? 
   he told the committee : `` the united states , or australia and new zealand , are migrant societies and therefore they accommodate more readily those from other backgrounds than we do ourselves , who still nurse a sense of our homogeneity and difference from others . 
    `` and that 's precisely what the european union , in my view , should be doing its best to undermine . '', 
    mr sutherland recently argued , in a lecture to the london school of economics , of which he is chairman , that there was a `` shift from states selecting migrants to migrants selecting states '' and the eu 's ability to compete at a `` global level '' was at risk . 
  sounds reasonable . 
  the venn diagram of ` basically nazis ' and ` people who believe that there are coordinated efforts for ethnic replacement ' pretty much looks like a circle . 
  that should offset my first not-spd vote since 2002 . 
  i ca n't stand this guy and his `` at least i 'm not merkel '' election program . 
  you forgot the triple parentheses around ` people ' . 
  the eu commission proposes a lot of things that are just forgotten . 
  point is the parliament would have gotten another vote on the permanent scheme . 
  it was not necessary to veto the emergency measures to prevent the permanent scheme . 
  that was proposed by the commission but never voted upon by the parliament . 
  only the emergency relocation mechanism was voted upon . 
  not everything is a slippery slope . 
  eastern europe was n't asked to host x percent of all asylum seekers that apply per year . 
  they were asked to host x percent of a set amount of refugees that already received refugee status . 
  it was a one time project . 
  and only very few nigerians would have been relocated to eastern europe . 
  because only very few receive refugee status . 
  eastern europe could have used the very same vetoes later , when the eu would actually propose a permanent relocation scheme . 
  arguing with millions of economic migrants who would be forced on eastern europe is obviously more convenient than arguing with the few ten thousand actual refugees they rejected . 
  that 's why i 'm only wearing plastic . 
    eastern europe would stop buying russian   that 's the goal mate . 
  takes time and money unfortunately . 
  so why did hungary sign that pipeline deal with russia ? 
  and of course the us is supporting you , they have a lot of gas that they want to ship to europe . 
  anyway , how are the plans about the lng terminal in romania coming along ? 
  have n't heard a lot about that for a long time . 
  the point is that every single country only sanctions areas where it does n't hurt too much . 
  the goal was never a full embargo . 
  back in the days poland complained because russia retaliated with import restrictions on polish apples and cheese . 
  apparently the security of eastern europe is secondary to the interests of the polish apples and cheese sector . 
  countries in eastern european continue to buy gas from russia . 
  but selfish germany who values its economy more than punishing russia is endangering the security of eastern europe . 
   ukraine in particular is not in good shape to bear that load . 
  the eu is less-influential if pressure can be applied to individual countries . 
  like every trade , gas trade is a two way street . 
  if russia applies too much pressure countries will buy somewhere else . 
   secondly , being a pipeline provider provides ukraine with some modicum of influence in the eu -- and it has precious few guarantees or cards to hand . 
  and these `` guarantees '' are basically the main reason for building pipelines that do n't go through ukraine . 
  because in that case guarantee means that ukraine will be able to take our gas supply hostage . 
  and if they do n't want to pay russia for its gas they can just take whatever they want . 
   at some point germany is going to also want their support for things , and this is pretty important for eastern europe . 
  like the refugee relocation scheme ? 
   also i really want someone to explain to me the point of paparbags . 
  basically virtue signalling of the shopping world . 
  i 'm pretty sure that from an environmental perspective you can beat the paper bag when you use a single-use plastic bag two times . 
   however , since you 'll be paying for the thing i 'm a bit over 30 . 
  i think i never saw free plastic bags in a german supermarket . 
  you can still get them for free in small stores though . 
  because they were the first german discounter to stop selling those thin plastic bags ? 
  aldi will switch to those as well . 
  bags like those from ikea are now sold by supermarkets . 
  aldi will replace the thin single-use bags with those too . 
  what monopoly would that be exactly ? 
   besides voting with your wallets , voicing criticisms and concerns is also a thing . 
  sure . 
  but according to the many articles and threads we had about that , the primary way to solve the `` food crisis '' is to demand legislation from the eu . 
  make august `` do n't buy shitty products from ferrero '' month where you inform the public about the quality differences of ferrero products sold in west and east . 
  wo n't take long until ferrero states that they no longer sell shitty variants in eastern europe . 
  then make september `` do n't buy shitty products from iglo '' month . 
  since this is apparently a massive problem , tons of people will participate . 
  by the end of the year every company has given a guarantee to use same quality because they fear they could be the next company that gets boycotted . 
   we both know why germans have higher quality of food because germans pushed for quality in their products like we are pushing for it now we mainly have that quality because 60 years ago we started to think about the perception of food . 
  we then came up with the deutsches lebensmittelbuch ( literally german grocery book , although it 's not actually a single book ) , which contain procedures and guiding principles for foodstuff . 
  in the following decades we then added a fuckton of rules . 
  here 's an example you 'll like , because apparently the czech republic is suffering from inferior fish sticks . 
  according to the lebensmittelbuch products like fischst\u00e4bchen should contain at least 65 % fish . 
  and now guess why fish sticks sold in germany contain roughly 65 % fish . 
  fun fact : due to technological progress the actual content has been on the lower end of 65 % minus tolerance for quite some time . 
  because if the manufacturers can assure tighter tolerances they can lower the target content without violating the rules . 
  to ban single-use items . 
  and the paper bag is even more of a single use item than the plastic bag . 
  who cares about germany . 
  eastern europe does n't have to wait for germany and the eu .
