  sounds like germany 10 days ago, 
  because people are too lazy to say asylum seeker . 
  they live there because they ca n't afford something else . 
  give people who live in a muslim dominated housing development a monthly income of 2000 $ and they will move away . 
   from september on the german air force will set another sign in the wake of increased military presence of nato in eastern europe : for four months , the tactical air force squadron 74 from neuburg deploys to the air force base \u00c4mari in estonia . 
  thereby contributing an important part to securing the airspace over the baltic states . 
    ## important troop provider with a wealth of experience   for the eighth time overall and for the third time at the base \u00c4mari , the luftwaffe provides their fighters to nato in support of its allies . 
  with about 200 soldiers from the luftwaffe and the joint support service , germany takes over the spot from the british royal air force for the following four months . 
  the leading role in the fourth quarter of 2016 will be taken over by machines of the french air force , which will be stationed at the lithuanian air force base siauliai . 
    since the beginning of the nato air policing in the baltic states in 2004 , germany together with poland and the united states is one of the main troop contributors . 
  this will continue through the strengthening of our presence in response to the crisis in ukraine ( `` assurance measures '' ) . 
    the order is nothing new for the luftwaffe , neither is it for the neuburger group : in 2009 , the squadron members were the ones that used the weapon system euro fighter for the first time during baltic air policing - back then from the aerodrome siauliai . 
  and in 2014 they were the first who carried out their mission from \u00c4mari in estonia . 
     ## the invisible danger in the sky   experienced , but never with routine , crews meet their primary challenge in the local airspace : the visual identification of unknown , mostly russian military aircraft that fly through international airspace without electronic transponder signals . 
  thus they can not be identified by civilian air traffic control . 
  this behavior in the dense european airspace may cause danger for everyone involved . 
  thanks to the use of quick reaction alert units in lithuania and estonia , this risk can be largely minimized . 
     ## under international leadership   the overall leadership of the mission in the baltic airspace is taken over by the nato command post , the `` combined air operations centre uedem '' ( caoc uedem ) , at the luftwaffe base kalkar/uedem . 
    the exercise of the remaining national responsibility aspects also lies with a station in kalkar/uedem : the air operations central ( zentrum luftoperationen ) under the leadership of lieutenant general joachim wundrak . 
  in particular the logistical and organizational coordination , as well as the decision to an - albeit very unlikely - use of weapons , take place from there . 
    overall , germany is again making an important contribution under the `` readiness action plan '' of nato , which was adopted in 2014 in welsh newport by the 28 member states of nato . 
  if you were the us , which position would you assume as a basis for negotiating a trade deal : - uk will stay in the eea - uk will leave the eea but will join efta - uk will leave the eea but wo n't join efta - uk will negotiate a switzerland-style agreement for access to the eu single market - eea will create a new tier of membership , the `` single market light '' , which has a couple proportional limits on all four pillars of free movement - uk will have their own negotiated trade agreement with the eu - uk will trade with the eu under wto rules in the foreseeable future or do you negotiate a trade deal for all possible outcomes of the article 50 negotiations and then sign the one that matches the actual outcome best ? 
  in the aegean sea ? 
   the youth coming to germany will have had families . 
  did n't stop us from deporting people that fled the yugoslav wars . 
  depending on their state of residence , children of families who are `` geduldet '' , get their departure notice on their 18th birthday . 
  if they do n't leave voluntarily they will be deported forcefully . 
  no matter if that 18 year old has never been to their `` home '' country and does n't even speak the language of it . 
  does n't matter if you have family or are well integrated . 
  if you do n't have german citizenship you will most likely be asked to leave . 
  contrary to popular believe some of the german states ( deporting people is not a federal responsibility ) are pretty cruel if it comes to deportations . 
  the problem with magreb countries is that they do n't want their citizen back . 
  if they would take everyone back without playing the bureaucratic delay game we would deport them . 
  it 's not `` we do n't want to deport them '' , it 's `` we ca n't deport them '' . 
   it would allow us to renegotiate with the outside world while retaining access to the single market . 
  and the outside world would say : we ca n't negotiate trade agreements with you before we know how your future relationship with the eu will look like . 
  by joining the eea temporary you just replace one uncertainty with another . 
  he means torture . 
  no he did n't await deportation . 
  he was what we call `` gedultet '' , tolerated . 
  deportation suspended , because you ca n't deport to syria . 
  yes yes . 
  i do n't want money from my tax authorities , so i can stop paying them too . 
  that 's exactly how it works . 
  thank you for your service . 
  the good and bad side of being self-employed : you can allot your time like you want . 
   how is greeting a man named hiter hatespeech ... 
  it 's not . 
  in germany it falls under `` use of symbols of unconstitutional organizations '' . 
  there 's no such statistic that i know of . 
  but one can assume that 0 were deported to syria . 
  the majority was deported back to the west balkan countries . 
  these are actually performed deportations . 
  germany has deported 20,888 people in 2015 . 
  the number of deportations have increased in 2016 again . 
  where 's the magic ? 
   a pilot study , pilot project or pilot experiment is a small scale preliminary study conducted in order to evaluate feasibility , time , cost , adverse events , and effect size ( statistical variability ) in an attempt to predict an appropriate sample size and improve upon the study design prior to performance of a full-scale research project . 
    ^ ^ [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pilot_experiment ), 
  what else than `` no explosives found '' should they have reported ? 
  no , not what you think , they do n't train them in the use of deadly weapons . 
   germans own everyone else at driving . 
  we do n't know if he was german . 
  he 's actually the son of the owner of the restaurant/d \u00f6ner-shop . 
  might very well be a turkish citizen who practices islam . 
   ( since that 'd be considerably more than absolutely necessary to disable the attacker ) does n't matter . 
  the law does n't weight the different means against each other except if there 's a massive imbalance . 
  if you kill someone who stole your bicycle . 
  but even then you may have acted in self defense . 
  german self defense law ( which includes defense of others ) is stand your ground all the way . 
  you do n't have to run away and you do n't have to use the least severe way to stop an attack . 
  the important point in german law is that the attack must be ongoing . 
  you ca n't claim self defense if the attack has n't started . 
  if the driver would have run over the perpetrator just because he had a knife the driver could n't claim self defense . 
  though the court may decide that you acted in self defense because you thought there was an ongoing attack . 
  you also ca n't claim self defense if the attack is no longer ongoing . 
  if the driver would have run over the perpetrator after he dropped his weapon and walked away he could n't claim self defense either . 
  wake up sheeple !, 
  he was arrested for not reporting him to the police . 
  not for being part of the attack . 
   i no longer trudt the german police to be honest after concealing cologne , and that failed bombing just after bataclan . 
  so where do you get your information from ? 
   seems like you can get to ireland with an eu id and then cross the unchecked border . 
  that makes it a problem for the brits . 
  british residents do n't enter the schengen area if they go to ireland . 
  if ireland were in schengen it would be a problem for the whole schengen area . 
  because people could just enter the schengen area at an uncontrolled border . 
  which would mean that the schengen area would force ireland to enforce its border . 
  nobody cares for the other direction . 
  but unless the uk joins the eu customs union , which would mean they ca n't negotiate trade agreements , there have to be customs checks . 
  and people who cross the border have to report themselves to a customs officer if the goods they carry exceed the threshold for tax and tariffs . 
  similar to how it 's done in switzerland who are part of the schengen area but not the eu customs union . 
   obviously crimes are committed in these countries but none of these refugees would actually actively harm their host countries . 
  what does `` actively harm their host countries '' mean ? 
  murder someone like the guy in reutlingen ? 
  because according to the last years crime statistics romanians were suspected of killing someone in 53 cases . 
  but these are not refugees , so maybe that does n't count . 
  according to the police he helped the perpetrator to lure victims to the mcdonalds via that facebook fake account of the turkish girl . 
  that means he probably knew the time and the location of the attack . 
  that 's something entirely different than not reporting someone who said `` i 'll kill you . 
  lol '',
