  - do restaurants have to write `` mexican tortilla '' to comply with the regulation ? 
  because tortilla will certainly be reserved for the spanish one - how will the regulation avoid that customers can complain about perceived quality differences ? 
  for example because mcdonalds netherlands uses greenhouse grown tomatoes while mcdonalds spain uses outdoor grown tomatoes on their burgers ? 
  - what about season variability ? 
  does the manufacturer have to produce for every markets each season ? 
  will there be consequences if he produces for eastern europe in winter , when the fresh ingredients are of slightly less quality , which is compensated by adding natural and artificial flavours ? 
  - can i sue the sternburg brewery because every crate of their beer tastes a bit different ? 
  - how will they handle coffee that is just sold as coffee ? 
  for example at the total gas station ? 
  the composition of robusta and arabica even differs between west european countries . 
  - what would companies have to do to adjust their products to actual tastes ? 
  would they have to label the sprite sold in uk as `` sprite uk edition '' because it contains less sugar ? 
  and in that case which product would be the original , that does n't need the `` edition '' label , the one with more or less sugar ? 
  - would it be okay to simply create a `` edition '' to have differing recipes ? 
  so when dr. oetker sells a `` ristorante edizione speciale '' ( which is an actual product , which is only available in eastern europe ) everything is okay and suddenly it no longer matters that fish sticks have less fish because they are `` special edition fish sticks '' ? 
  - which brings us to the question if it 's already illegal to not offer a product in all countries . 
  can italians complain because they do n't have access to the superior dr. oetker pineapple pizza ? 
   well , we started to seriously look into it about a month ago , pardon if we have n't made regularity codex in a week . 
  about a month ago ? 
  the [ european parliament debated ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/news/en/headlines/society/20111007sto28689/some-products-are-more-equal-than-others-meps-debate-food-quality-variations ) about food quality variations in october 2011 . 
  and that was certainly not the start of the discussion . 
  back then the commission already said that the eu ca n't impose one-recipe-for-all . 
  -- this whole issue reeks like a welcoming tool to sow division inside the eu , almost like propaganda . 
  all demands i have seen so far are demands for one-recipe-for-all . 
  nobody seems to request minimum quality standard . 
  almost like the discussion is not about actual food quality but about creating a us vs. them atmosphere . 
  eastern poland, 
  yes . 
  that 's why the eu has article 50 . 
  but i guess `` according to the eu treaties , they can invoke article 50 and leave within 2 years or less '' does n't have that eussr forced membership vibe like `` we all know the eu would totally nuke everyone who leaves the eu , but fortunately they do n't have nukes '' . 
  poor eastern europe . 
  always oppressed . 
  always the victim . 
  for such stronk and proud countries you guys are a whiny bunch . 
  do you want to know why germany has roughly 65 % fish in its fish sticks ? 
  because more than 50 years ago we created a set of specifications known as the lebensmittelbuch . 
  these are not laws , but guidelines that are for example used by courts in cases where customers feel that they 've been deceived by a company . 
  one of the thousands of specifications says `` fish sticks and similar products contain at least 65 % fish '' . 
  but eastern europe could never come up with something like that . 
  this must be solved on eu level . 
  the eu must create a regulation about differences in food products . 
  and an hour later the very same people complain that these unelected officials from brussels interfere in their life . 
  nobody needs that kind of overregulation . 
  am i right . 
  do n't tell us that we ca n't cut down that ancient forest . 
  but please tell us how much butter must be in these cookies . 
  as of right now nobody is even considering a permanent relocation scheme . 
  all that strong talk about sanctioning poland and so on is about the emergency relocation scheme that even the previous polish government voted for . 
  the secret eu police is called economy . 
  we 'll see that in the brexit negotiations too . 
  the moment poland leaves schengen and/or the eu customs union , poland has a massive disadvantage over other eu members . 
  a large part of the polish industry is part of the supply chain of the german industry . 
  that will change if goods entering germany from poland have to go through border checks or customs . 
  no you 're not . 
  you wo n't leave the eu because you would have to be part of refugee relocation scheme . 
  never ever . 
  neither will hungary . 
  neither will poland . 
  and maybe you forgot it already , but your country voted in favour of the eu emergency relocation scheme . 
  maybe for tesla . 
  for germany the plan is to have combustion engine cars that can get the blue placard . 
  which will of course include diesels . 
  because without diesel cars it 'll become very hard for the automotive industry to reach the required fleet co2 levels of less than 95g/km by 2021 . 
  so you are saying that it was okay what tusk did , because previous government did the same ? 
  i think i start to understand how politics in poland works . 
  because the asylum seeker left the eu when he left greece . 
  he then entered the eu again in croatia . 
  the dublin regulations do n't actually say `` first point of entry into the eu '' , they say that a member state is responsible if an asylum applicant irregularly entered the member state from a third country . 
  you ca n't hold greece responsible for illegal immigration into croatia . 
  croatia has an external border that it should protect too . 
   article 13 - entry and/or stay   1 . 
  where it is established , on the basis of proof or circumstantial evidence as described in the two lists mentioned in article 22 ( 3 ) of this regulation , including the data referred to in regulation ( eu ) no 603/2013 , ** that an applicant has irregularly crossed the border into a member state by land , sea or air having come from a third country , the member state thus entered shall be responsible for examining the application ** for international protection . 
  that responsibility shall cease 12 months after the date on which the irregular border crossing took place . 
    http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/all/;jsessionid=jhnltp3hljqw8mqgbqspzh1vwpjcyvqq14hgcztw4pbfsqzffnrn!557467765?uri=celex:32013r0604, 
   germans have a different understanding of what `` privacy '' means compared to what you might understand from the term . 
  oh really ? 
  i must live in a different germany . 
  and all the articles and editorials i read in the last 15 years about surveillance must have come from a different germany too . 
   video surveillance in public spaces does n't infringe on our privacy , it does n't matter to me if i 'm on camera in public , because i 'm in public . 
  cctv has always been highly controversial in germany . 
  with more perceived crime and more terrorism , germans just prefer safety over privacy . 
  it 's that easy . 
  there is no illogical disconnect between privacy and cctv in the german mind . 
  if there would be no privacy concerns in public space why is it illegal to publish photos taken in public when there are persons in the center of the image that have n't given consent ? 
  if there would be no concern about privacy in public , why do i have to take technical measures to prevent that the cctv on my private property captures a single square centimeter of public space ? 
   privacy concerns in germany are about things you do in private , your computer/internet data to some extent ( which had many many controversial discussions over the last decades ) , how restricted police is in entering and searching your home etc. 
  and germans are as divided about government trojan horses , eavesdropping and encryption bans as they are about cctv , face recognition and license plate scanners . 
  there are two banned parties in germany . 
  - srp , the sozialistische reichspartei , neo-nazi party in the tradition of the nsdap was banned in 1952 . 
  - kpd , the communistic party was banned in 1956 most of the 46 % are talking about the npd . 
  the constitutional court of germany ruled last year that the npd ca n't be banned ( right now ) . 
  while they are clearly working to get rid of the constitution , they do n't possess the power to actually do anything to achieve that goal . 
  he would really hate the concept of `` wehrhafte demokratie '' as we practice it in germany . 
  i mean it was particularly designed with hitler in mind . 
  always a bit ironic ( and sad ! ), 
  to read these strong anti-immigrant stances on behalf of western europe from eastern europeans . 
  literally just 5 years ago everyone right of the political center was asking why we have to accept all these eastern europeans that do n't respect our culture , take away our jobs and , ironically , leech welfare at the same time . 
  but now that there 's a migrant group that 's wanted even less than eastern europeans , the former victims pretend that we are suddenly all equal europeans . 
  forgotten are the resentments against eastern european . 
  it 's totally okay to not want foreigners in your country .
