  we have enough money . 
  we just do n't want to spend it on infrastructure . 
  and a road toll wo n't change that . 
  because it will either enter the regular government budget , or infrastructure expenses of the government budget will be lowered by the amount that the toll brings in . 
  that 's what happened after the introduction of the road toll for lorries . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d3/verwendung_der_mautmittel.png before the introduction of that toll the government argued that infrastructure investments would increase . 
  did n't happen . 
  because the toll revenue just replaced expenses from the general government budget . 
  which is not a bad thing . 
  but it 's dishonest to argue that any new toll or any new tax will increase spending significantly . 
  an alternative to austerity that does n't require debt ? 
  i 'm all ears . 
   lucky for them that you ca n't sell these positive assets since they 're part of the inventory and will be striped of against the liabilities of the bank . 
  which means selling . 
  bank a goes under and owes money to entity b. 
  entity b wants money , not debt certificates . 
  so the liquidator will sell debt certificates to bank c and then pay out entity b. 
  or in another way : we already had failing banks . 
  how many customers of for example washington mutual did n't have to pay back their debt ? 
  your debt wo n't go away if a single bank collapses . 
  because your debt has value to others . 
  you might mix that up with a collapsing currency . 
  where your debt is of course devalued as well . 
  if the bank disappears and nobody is interested in buying any positive assets from that vanishing bank . 
  which wo n't happen . 
  the customers debt wo n't vanish , because it will be transferred to another bank . 
  and then there 's businesses who lose money , and can no longer pay the regular people that did n't notice anything . 
  i would n't call a 300,000 $ bond an investment that 's comparable to the required real estate investments in spain , portugal , cyprus , greece or malta . 
  in hungary you will get back 300,000 $ after 5 years . 
  and you do n't even have to reside in hungary . 
   the only question is whether this was pure political idiocy or an attempt to introduce a road charge for all drivers on german roads by means of `` being forced to change the law '' by the eu . 
  indeed . 
  especially since in april the eu commission made suggestions how the toll could be implemented in a way that does n't violate eu rules . 
  instead of ~ ~ lowering ~ ~ reimbursing a part of the paid vehicle tax , they suggested to increase the commuting allowance or to lower fuel tax . 
  but dobrindt declined that compromise . 
  because farm subsidies are not welfare ? 
  so even rich people with farms are eligible ? 
  see comrade , in communism everything is free . 
  hence no debt . 
  only capitalist pig has debt comedy . 
  it 's more like the helmsman abandoning ship instead of steering right onto the iceberg like the captain has ordered . 
  yep . 
  that 's why i hope that our politicians who suggest fast-tracking british naturalization wo n't be successful in enacting that policy change . 
  someone from ireland , france , romania or the us has to gather 8 years of continuous permanent residency to get citizenship . 
  if they take a integration course they can bring that down to 7 years . 
  if they have volunteered at a charitable organization for a long time and have exceptionable german knowledge they can get it in 6 years . 
  and suddenly brits should be able to reach that in even less time with absolutely no work at all . 
  just because their compatriots at home voted to leave the eu . 
  i have no problem to grant them permanent residence rights unconditionally . 
  but handing out citizenship , so they continue to enjoy the rights of a eu citizen ? 
  hell no . 
  they have to earn that like everyone else . 
   most of us are already in nato and we already promised to protect each other in war . 
  why do we need separate organization ? 
  i 'll just quote that [ article ] ( https://uk.news.yahoo.com/eu-eyes-90-million-euros-defence-research-revolution-105316801.html ) i 've read today . 
   european union states spend far less [ ~ 34 % of the us ] than the united states on research and manufacture of military equipment , and have only about 15 percent of the assets that washington can deploy on the battlefield . 
    eu states champion national companies , often leading to duplication and wasted funds , according to eu data . 
  in most cases , governments award defence contracts to their own firms rather than use european groups . 
    the eu has 19 types of armoured infantry fighting vehicle , compared with one in the united states . 
  without the uk the eu will spend around 25 % of what the us spends on their military . 
  but without the uk we 'll have even less than 15 % of the deployable assets . 
  probably even falling below 10 % . 
  we could get more for our money if we would work closer together . 
  because he talks about the `` left party head '' , [ sahra wagenknecht ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sahra_wagenknecht ) , and not merkel . 
  some quotes from her wikipedia article :  after the fall of the berlin wall and the transformation of the sed into the party of democratic socialism ( pds ) , wagenknecht was elected to the new party 's national committee in 1991 . 
  ** she also joined the pds 's communist platform , an orthodox marxist faction . 
  ** --  following the merger of the pds and the wasg that formed the left party , wagenknecht considered campaigning for the position of party vice-chair . 
  however , party leaders such as lothar bisky and gregor gysi objected to the idea ( primarily because of ** her perceived sympathies for the former german democratic republic ** ) . 
  --  she has expressed strong support for the rise of left-wing leaders in latin america , such as hugo ch\u00e1vez [ ... ] and that 's just the things that are readily available in english . 
  i 'm too lazy to translate the other things . 
  are you a law enforcement officer , or do you just play computer games ? 
   should have done the same as the uk and commit to helping run refugee camps in surrounding countries so no one had to put themselves in danger . 
  we did . 
  thw has been helping in unhcr camps for decades . 
  and we even had that awesome resettlement plan before the uk invented it . 
  that stuff does n't stop anyone from coming . 
  every eu country is expected to pay back its debt . 
  and they all do . 
  nobody asks greece to pay everything at once . 
  in fact the loans given by the efsf and eurozone governments do n't become due until 2020 . 
  and the last installment of esfs debt is due in 2054 , the last eurozone installment in 2041 . 
  thank you for your service . 
  he means `` they are n't muslim '' . 
  so what 's happening ? 
  will you bring up cologne once again ? 
  or will you talk about theft in trains , that according to the police is linked to gangs from south-eastern europe ( sans greece ) as well ? 
  because op was talking about burglary . 
  and in that area the problems did n't came with the wave of asylum seekers , they came with schengen . 
  and even another million asylum seekers wo n't change that . 
  or is your `` leak '' an article on an alt-right facebook page that claims that german police is ordered to ignore all crimes committed by asylum seekers ? 
   german crime tv series not enough explosions . 
  to provoke donald trump . 
  if these statistics would take `` actual number of expats living there '' into account they would all look completely different . 
  here we have india ahead of the usa . 
  bahrain ahead of germany . 
  and kenya ahead of italy . 
   i can only imagine how bad the situation must be in germany . 
  it 's absolutely horrible . 
   my uncle lives in one of the nicest areas in vienna , there were no burglaries there for 15 years , but in the past year there were 2 burglaries just on his street and he even caught a migrant in his backyard just as he was coming home from work . 
  and from what country was that migrant ?
