  then figure out who is a legitimate refugee and who is n't . 
  send the latter home . 
  that 's what we do now . 
  and if we could do it faster , fewer economic refugees would try it . 
   instead , we need to support the nations that have to deal with the brunt of the refugees , with the ones that are n't rich enough to afford a boat ride and stiil need to be protected . 
  simple as that . 
  we do that . 
  the eu commission has an department for that , european commission 's humanitarian aid and civil protection department ( echo ) . 
  currently active in more than 90 countries . 
  with ever increasing efforts in turkey , lebanon and the other countries that get the majority of the refugees from the syria crisis . 
  unhcr is in parts funded by the european union as well . 
  we could do a lot more though . 
  but that wo n't be enough to stop the people from fleeing to europe . 
  and if you propose to increase the budget of echo by a coupe billion euros you will get backlash from the same countries that oppose a quota system . 
  why should eub have any negatives ? 
  if a member country does n't like a treaty they can just have another referendum and create euc . 
  it 's either eu or nothing . 
  there 's efta and others for countries that do n't want to be part of the eu . 
  european values like dignity , solidarity and the adherence to human rights ? 
  it 's pretty clear that these values only exist on paper . 
  we are apparently done with human rights . 
  mission accomplished . 
  good job guys . 
  we payed our dues and that 's it . 
  lucky were those who became refugees before we were finished . 
  european values my ass . 
  [ insert dank polandball meme here ], 
  if the greek plate smashing tradition is similar to german plate smashing it 's strongly forbidden to smash any type of glass . 
  glass equals luck . 
  so you do n't want to destroy that . 
  it 's not that people do n't know how to make kids . 
  people deliberately decide to not have kids . 
  they decide to have kids later , and when it is later they think it 's too late to have kids . 
  the root of the problem is that a child comes with a hefty price tag . 
  financially and responsibility wise . 
  so give them goods instead of cash ? 
  free childcare , school supplies , school lunch , after school care , library passes , membership in sport clubs , school trips , tutoring and so on . 
  you ca n't trade the meal your child eats in school for cigarettes . 
  we do . 
  a couple days before a wedding . 
  [ but not only plates . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ybccsxmqfni ), 
  and that 's why germany has to get out of that shit show . 
  let others find a solution for greece , we just pay and watch from the sidelines . 
   i think it would be fair that if you decide to use your education to work in another country , you should reimburse the state . 
  only if i have to pay less taxes when i move to a country and do n't need education . 
  at this point you could just put a fee on your education system that has to be paid back within the next 50 years . 
   oh and probably that we 're not all closeted nazis anymore , but i 'll guess we 'll have to live with that . 
  nobody actually thinks that . 
  the eurozone is lucky because it will take decades to see if greece is successful without the euro . 
  enough time for the ez to turn portugal and spain into even bigger successes . 
  there wo n't be a mass-exit anytime soon . 
  but there is a big if in that question anyway . 
  in 2013 greece exported goods worth 33.8 billion us-dollar , and they imported goods worth 60.5 billion . 
  guess what happens to your imports if you devalue your currency so your exports become more competitive . 
  there is a good chance that greece will be the big loser in case of an grexit . 
  if it would be clear that greece would profit from leaving the euro they would have done it already . 
  in practice greece imports almost twice the amount of goods ( $ ) they export . 
  60.5 vs. 33.8 billion usd . 
  in 2013 34.91 % of greece exports was refined petroleum , valued at 11.8 billion us-dollar . 
  their biggest ( 23.76 % ) import is crude oil valued at 14.4 billion dollar . 
  the refined petroleum products greece exports is created from the crude oil they import . 
  if you look at categories , mineral products make up 38.24 % of greece exports . 
  second biggest category is metals with 12.44 % . 
  food stuff ranks third , with 7.47 % or 2.5 billion dollar . 
  inflated new drachmas wo n't be the magic bullet some people hope . 
  oh and about increasing the olive oil trade . 
  i heard it takes the olive tree around 15 years until you can harvest your first olive . 
  source : https://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/grc/, 
   i 'm sure it would n't have killed their budget to get some safety cars to drive behind it with yellow lights . 
  why yellow if you can have blue ? 
  the three cars behind the transport are some sort of police . 
  probably all three are military police . 
   besides , forcing a country to take in a foreign culture that will possibly destabilize or displace the existing culture is n't that different from the russification and deportations that have been done to estonia by russia . 
  so it 's time to abolish freedom of movement ? 
  or do different cultures no longer matter if you are in the eu ? 
  in my neighborhood 20 % of the people are from eastern europe . 
  they are displacing muh culture !, 
  teach them your language 2 . 
  train them to be less uneducated 3 . 
  give them jobs yes , that is indeed possible . 
  when does czech leave the eu ? 
  freedeom of movement must be horrible . 
  slavs living together with non-slavs . 
  that 's not how god indented the world to be . 
  have you compared the foreign trade of the two countries ? 
  estonia exported ( 2012 ) goods worth 1.2 billion us-dollar to the us , 7 % of estonian exports . 
  latvia exported goods worth 229 million us-dollar to the us , 1.8 % of their exports . 
  besides mineral products estonia and latvia exports differ a lot too . 
  29 % of estonia exports come from machines which only make up 13 % of the exports in latvia . 
  latvia exports a lot of wood products ( 14 % ) , estonia does n't ( 6.2 % ) . 
  and so on . 
  https://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/est/ https://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/lva/, 
  if you leave the eu it will be a bit more obvious why you move there . 
  the good old `` i like the landscape in switzerland so much '' was still very believable . 
  finding these bombs would be much easier if there would be records of all bombs that did n't explode . 
  bombing runs were almost always done in a group of half a dozen or more bombers . 
  and they usually dropped all their bombs at the same time . 
  do you need it back ? 
  or can we keep it ?
