  freedom of movement on the other hand is an actually right that you can enforce against the will of the host country . 
   you are now debating semantics . 
  now ? 
  i have been all the time . 
  you keep saying that trade agreements must cover freedom of movement to work because you want to make a point in regards to brexit . 
  but that point does n't become true just because you watered down the definition of freedom of movement to the point where it covers temporary work visa and visa-free travel for 30 days . 
  these things are usually covered by the same visa regime that allows tourists to enter . 
  the us for example includes specialists that install and maintain machinery that is sold by a non-us company to a us company in their visa-free travel regime , which allows 90 days of travel without visa . 
   i am . 
  and so does the canadian ambassador . 
  ca n't find the term `` freedom of movement '' in these statements . 
  as a german i can travel to 176 countries without getting a visa . 
  do i have freedom of movement with all these countries ? 
  do n't get ridiculous . 
  visa free travel is not freedom of movement . 
   ( 64,633 canadians and 9,247 mexicans ) and if nafta would contain freedom of movement the numbers would be very different . 
  with mexico being a much less wealthy country than canada , more mexicans would move to the us if they could . 
  compare that to an area that does n't limit immigration with visa . 
  in 2015 147,910 poles moved to germany . 
  in the same time 12,505 french moved to germany . 
    not a trade agreement . 
   all eu countries are members of the common market where free trade happens . 
    it 's called the european economic area . 
  and as you 've said it 's a common market and not an area that has a free trade agreement . 
   ceta signed | romania 's government confirms the elimination of visas for canada in two stages for tourists and business trips . 
  as a german i have had this with canada for a very long time . 
   with ceta you are limited to 1 year stays per contract if you work there . 
  this can easily become unlimited if your contractor is willing to renew your contract each year . 
  so can most other temporary work visa in basically all countries . 
   you can also enter and stay without a visa for business trips of up to 30 days . 
  in the usa i can have visa-free business trips of up to 90 days . 
  do we have even more freedom of movement with the us than with canada ? 
  -- a visa is a visa is a visa . 
  before you move you have to ask the country if they allow you to move . 
  freedom of movement is a right that allows you to live , work and travel wherever you want . 
  for freedom of movement you do n't even need a job in your new country before you move . 
  but i 'll stop at this point . 
  keep believing that a temporary work visa has anything in common with freedom of movement . 
  for visiting it ca n't get much easier than visa-free travel . 
  and if you are an irish citizen you have that right now . 
  you can literally board a plane in the next hour and fly to japan . 
   freedom of movement is also not permanent . 
  you are limited to 1 year stays per contract if you work there . 
  this can easily become unlimited if your contractor is willing to renew your contract each year . 
  so you are calling temporary work visa freedom of movement ? 
  video game consoles ( [ taric 9504500000 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/taxation_customs/dds2/taric/measures.jsp?lang=en&amp;simdate=20170614&amp;area=jp&amp;taric=9504500000&amp;langdescr=en ) ) already have 0 % third country duties . 
   have n't you heard of the eu ? 
  not a trade agreement . 
   how about ceta ? 
  does n't contain freedom of movement . 
  do you actually believe that you 'll get the right to move ( not to be confused with your right to travel there for 90 days without a visa ) to canada once ceta comes into effect ? 
  most trade agreements contain impediments to trade . 
  that canada wo n't be able to sell products labeled champagne or schwarzw\u00e4lder schinken in the eu is an impediment as well . 
  there are no trade agreements that contain freedom of movement for workers . 
  and i doubt that we 'll see such agreements in the near future . 
   this is a historical fact . 
  so how come that i do n't know of any free trade agreement that includes freedom of movement ? 
  that does n't require freedom of movement though . 
  temporary work visa are a thing . 
  and i 'm pretty sure that the agreement mentions the goal to make it easier to obtain work visa for these posted workers . 
  we can . 
  none of the trade deals the eu has with other countries contains anything about freedom of movement for workers . 
  since things like that are pretty complicated people tend to mix up the specific terms . 
  in this case travelling without visa , respectively working with visa , and freedom of movement . 
  eu citizens wo n't gain freedom of movement with japan . 
   the last official report from the talks also addresses freedom of movement . 
     the last outstanding issues of the text on entry and temporary stay of natural persons were also discussed . 
  any other quote ? 
  otherwise it addresses visa free travel and making it easier to obtain work visa , and not freedom of movement . 
  that 's the understanding of solidarity of a lot of eastern europeans . 
  when it 's about them not getting transfer fees for gas imports it 's `` we want money eh i mean solidarity ! '', 
  when it 's about resettling refugees from greece and italy it 's `` we are already full !, 
  we need flexible solidarity ! '', 
  do n't take gas out of the russian pipelines and import lng instead . 
  problem solved . 
  these are the exact same things that are available if you want to hire a difficult to place german . 
  hard work ? 
  how horrible . 
   and do not let me start about the refugees . 
  if a firm takes x amount of them they get good bonuses like more money from the politics and perks which will create more income for them . 
  as far as i know a business can only get the same grants they get for other unemployed people who are difficult to place . 
  what other money from the politics is available ? 
  and what are the perks ? 
  found a party . 
  win elections . 
  invoke article 50 . 
  do n't rant on reddit with stupid platitudes . 
  fakanal = fuck anal i 'm 12 and this is funny . 
  and do n't be stupid soviets . 
  up until the beginning of 2011 that was the only thing necessary to avoid an ines 7 incident . 
  now we 're are at `` do n't be soviet , do n't have tsunami '' . 
  i 'm excitedly waiting to see what condition we 'll add next to the list of requirements to have totally safe nuclear energy . 
  that was kind of the point of the russian invasion . 
  a lot of countries have tariff-free access to the european market . 
  it 's called a trade agreement . 
  here 's a 5 minute video that tries to explain the difference between membership in the eu single market and trade agreements : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hf8ehb5-ham, 
  because eurostat generally only collects statistics for eu , efta and official eu accession candidates . 
  the infamous `` this product contains chemicals known to the state of california to cause cancer . '', 
  and capabilities wise something like 20-30 times less . 
  you do n't have a eu passport .
