  which means i have to know the tax rate of the goods i 'm selling . 
  did you know that the uk taxes adult coloring books differently than coloring books that are n't advertised as being for adults ? 
  have fun figuring out the tax rates for 28 member states . 
  when i sell to other eu customers i also have to fill out a ton of additional paperwork for the german tax authority . 
  none of that is a problem for amazon . 
  but it 's a massive problem for small and medium businesses . 
  for a large amount of sme the occasional sale is just not worth the effort . 
  people do n't order internationally as often as people who order internationally believe . 
  selling goods from different countries on one website with one interface is not beneficial for the average customer . 
  the national shops are all about predictable shipping fees and predictable delivery times . 
  when i 'm on amazon i do n't want to take the extra work it takes to assure that i do n't accidentally order something from who knows where to who knows what shipping fees . 
  and amazon certainly does n't care that the customer finds the best deal on one of the amazon sites . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  what eu regulations in particular ? 
  asking for a raise . 
  basically the same like for every meat . 
  the two important ones that were ignored in the european horse meat scandals : - correctly label it - all medication used on the animal must be safe for meat production, 
  this is the start of the polish city controversy . 
   according to this , they also only published his initials . 
  until the police publicly started hunting for him . 
  then everyone published the full photo and the full name . 
  click on the link to ` bild ' in the article and see for yourself . 
  all the details are there . 
  like we recently saw in the uk doing it that way makes a lot of sense . 
  uk media did publish photos and the name of the wrong suspect . 
  in this particular case it was an imprisoned islamist extremist , but it could have been someone innocent . 
  and also bullshit . 
  there 's no privacy law that prevents media from publishing photos and names of people who are publicly wanted as suspects of a crime . 
  things are of course different until they are publicly wanted by the police . 
  i doubt that poland or hungary will play any role in the election campaigns . 
   this is an area where europe needs unrestricted cooperation . 
  so we can have countless discussions about which country builds the left wing , which one builds the right wing and which one assembles the two together . 
  that 's the problem when you mix different sources of immigration together . 
  countries want immigration of people who can fill jobs that are open . 
  countries do n't want refugees and asylum seekers . 
  people who are n't legitimate refugees generally can not get citizenship . 
   i have read on the german embassy website that usa citizens can enter into germany and stay for up to 3 months . 
  90 days in every 180 day period to be precise . 
  and as a tourist , you are n't allowed to work during that time . 
   since i would go there with family , i 'd apply for the residence permit right away ... 
  i hate to destroy your dream , but i doubt that you would get one . 
  immigration to germany is generally not that easy . 
  there are basically two ways to migrate , both involve binding job offers . 
  the regular work permit . 
  your future employer proves to the german employment agency that he could n't find a person that can do the job in germany , the eu , iceland , norway , liechtenstein and switzerland . 
  totally possible if you have a professional training in a shortage occupation . 
  unfortunately truck driver ( berufskraftfahrer in german ) is not such an occupation . 
  the eu blue card . 
  you have a degree from a recognized university and a job offer that pays more than 1.5 times the average income , in 2017 you would need an annual gross pay of 50,800 $ . 
  if you work in a shortage occupation ( it , math , stem , doctor ) you would be okay with an income of 39,624 $ or more . 
  unfortunately i think the chances to fulfil your dream are n't that good . 
  but do n't let that stop you , but please do n't sell all your belongings , travel to germany and hope that you can get a residence permit . 
  the german government created a website that should answer all your questions about moving to germany : http://www.make-it-in-germany.com/en, 
  i read the article for you  kfw in february mistakenly transferred more than 5 billion euros ( $ 5.4 billion ) to four banks ** because of a technical glitch that repeated single payments multiple times ** , according to people familiar with the matter who asked not to be identified because the matter is private . 
  kfw said it discovered the glitch and received the money back without suffering a loss . 
   if a person is born in a country apart from unless the parents are over there as a tourist , means you should be a citizen of that country . 
  american detected . 
   outside of the americas almost all countries pass citizenship by bloodline . 
  you are a german citizen if at least one of your parents is german citizen . 
  if two german tourist give birth to a child in the us , the child will be german and us citizen . 
  german by bloodline . 
  us by location of birth . 
  outside of the americas you generally do n't get citizenship by merely being born in a country . 
  almost nobody does . 
  which is part of the problem . 
  eu has 7 year budgets , the current one ends at the end of 2020 . 
  before the court ordered denmark to stop that practice , denmark could also do what denmark wanted . 
   i doubt that the ehcr will rule differently in case of germany . 
   does n't germany give rights of citizenship to born migrants ? 
  in limited cases . 
  since the year 2000 children get german citizenship if at least one of their parents has had a permanent residence permit for three years and if they have been living in germany for at least 8 years . 
   i live in paris and that 's how people wait for the metro if it 's not crowded . 
  sounds quite inefficient considering that you have to cheek kiss everyone who already waits for the metro . 
  basically all . 
  very few countries apply unconditional jus soli . 
  the americas , pakistan and tanzania basically . 
  since 2000 germany applies jus soli to newborns with at least one parent who has had a permanent residence permit for 3 years and has been a legal residents for at least 8 years . 
   you should add a nsfw tag for the americans among us . 
  you should run for chancellor . 
  finally someone who knows how the world really works !, 
  the french one too . 
  worker shortage after the second world war . 
  countries invited cheap workers from southern europe and turkey . 
  governments believed that the workers leave eventually , so they did n't even try to integrate them . 
  big surprise , the workers were actual people and they did n't leave because they made our countries their new homes . 
  they bought apartments and houses and made friends , and liked their new countries . 
  even bigger surprise , if you do n't bother to integrate them , a lot of people wo n't bother to become integrated . 
  we treated and still treat them like second class citizens . 
  we continue to call second and third generation immigrants turks . 
  so guess what happened when turkey came and said `` you might live abroad , but you are still turks . 
  and we care for you . 
  they treat you like shit , we wo n't . 
  we listen to your problems . 
  come visit our mosques . '', 
  -- here 's a wikipedia article about the german guest worker program , netherlands had a similar program , with similar attitudes towards the guest workers , and similar results : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gastarbeiter, 
   it 's the right advice . 
  was n't this a homegrown attacker ? 
  the conspiracy theorists would now say that this is another proof that germany is in fact a company and not a sovereign country . 
  because it has a corporate identity . 
  it also has an id card that is named `` personal-ausweis '' , i.e.
