  not long ago we wanted to get rid of him . 
  i doubt that he will be happy if we move thousands of troops and material to syria to implement a small safe zone . 
  and then there 's libya . 
  where you no longer have a nato neighbor . 
  which adds a few more problems , especially on the logistical side of the equation . 
  pipe-dreams stay pipe-dreams , no matter how often they are praised as the solution to all our problems . 
  a single men who earns 1 million euro a year , or a couple where each of the two earns 750,000 per year ? 
  it all depends on how many decades you are willing to stay as an occupational force . 
  8 years in iraq lead to the growth of isil . 
  13 years in afghanistan were still too short to turn the country into something worth living in . 
  if we had killed all the jews in 1920 , there would be no holocaust !, 
  some regions run out of water . 
  the un refugee convention has rules for that . 
  you can not reproach people who believe they fall under the convention for entering a country illegally . 
  if the asylum seeker hands himself over to authorities immediately after he entered the country . 
  maybe you are the 18th . 
  the 17th will always be mallorca . 
  you are right , it 's called being a ( potential ) eu-candidate . 
  the problem is that countries like greece can not afford to have a no austerity policy . 
  they do n't have money . 
  and they ca n't get money for sane interest rates . 
  in that case , austerity is not a choice . 
  yes , if greece were able to print its own money , they could pretend that currency devaluation is not austerity . 
  and how do you force these evil countries to pay ? 
  and we need world-peace . 
  that should solve the problem as well . 
  isil is a direct result of the last attempt to fix a country . 
  but this time it 'll work . 
  should n't have signed and ratified the un refugee convention if you do n't want to let refugees in . 
  and who 's going to pay for no austerity ? 
  but when we signed them we did n't knew how inconvenient it 'll be to uphold them 50 years later . 
  it 's soooo unfair . 
  thanks god we never tell them how much their gun laws and their heath care sucks ,, 
   its not our fault you ~ ~ have such an insane policy . ~ ~ do n't live on an island that can only be reached by plane , ferry and one tunnel . 
  it 's not a policy that prevents that refugees reach the uk . 
  the reason are a couple kilometers of water . 
  a border fence would be nowhere as effective . 
  living in a country comes with a couple of duties . 
  one of them is paying your taxes . 
  another one is to not cry `` not in my backyard '' every time the government plans to build something in your area . 
  germany gets refugees , and they obviously have to live somewhere . 
  nobody wants to live next to a refugee center , they should all be built somewhere else . 
  why greek islands ? 
  do n't you have your own islands ? 
  read the post i answered again . 
  the mission of the european navies in the med sea is n't to prevent people from coming to europe . 
  i guess my area should protest taxation then . 
  why tax people if they do n't want to be taxed ? 
  the pipe-dream party ? 
  the un had a potential world war iii in their mind when the convention was created . 
  and the royal navy brings refugees it encounters straight to italy . 
  good job of preventing them from getting in . 
  do you really believe this is how it happened ? 
  i need a official source that asylum seekers receive more money than citizens . 
  and yes , i think it 's important to allow them some money for leisure activities . 
  being able to partake in such activities is important for integration . 
  second hand stuff still costs money . 
  because food is all a person needs ? 
  no need for clothes , books , newspapers , bus tickets , a visit to the cinema , a bicycle or god forbid a cellphone . 
  because there is no solution that does n't require an invasion in africa and the middle east ? 
  family of five, 
  no they do n't . 
  because they are shitholes that do n't give a single fuck about human rights . 
  i am glad that my country does not act like saudi arabia , but that just might be me . 
  how many refugees from south and latin america has europe taken ? 
  usa is also the biggest contributor to the unhcr resettlement program . 
  for syria they offer an open-ended resettlement . 
  so far the un has made use of around 16000 places . 
  canada has contributed 12000 places as well . 
  please take your straw-man somewhere else . 
  you must live in a really shitty country if people let you drown just because you decided to go into the water . 
  about those mothers and children ... how many places did the czech republic offer for the syrian unhcr resettlement program ? 
  70 sounds like a small number for a country that is so concerned about helping those who are in need of humanitarian help . 
  uruguay offered 130 places . 
  good . 
  what worth does all that talk about european values have if we deliberately let people drown . 
  they ran out of precision bombs mid-campaign . 
  if your application is pending you already have applied . 
  82000 is also 290 new arnis holy shit . 
  we were able to manage that number in the 90s, 
  east of . 
  my mistake, 
  yeah . 
  they deserved it . 
  should have asked reddit first if their family size is acceptable for that house . 
  but these are gypsies , not real macedonians . 
  welcome to the balkan . 
  somewhere in that agreement with russia is a phrase along the lines of `` in the current and foreseeable security situation '' . 
  which basically translates to `` you do n't start shit , and we do n't station troops ~ ~ west ~ ~ east of the former german-german border '' . 
  edit : east of , not west of the german-german border, 
  you are funny, 
  well . 
  he has to coordinate his plan with the coalition partner first . 
  but i 'm sure merkel agrees with gabriel on that matter . 
  yep . 
  the refugees basically asked for it . 
  if refugees come , proud germans can not react in a different way . 
  they basically force us to throw stones at them and burn down buildings . 
  and if they do n't stop right now , we will be forced to kill them . 
  ** / s ** ( sad that i have to add this ),
