  everyone is . 
  eastern europe will too continue to buy russian gas . 
  they do n't complain about the new sanctions because the pipelines they use to import russian gas already exist . 
  in 2016 gazprom exported 180 bcm gas to europe ( including non-eu ) . 
  germany got 49.83 bcm of that . 
  poland received 11.07 bcm . 
  guess how happy poland would be compared to austria if sanctions would actually target the energy market . 
  for comparison : the polish lng regasification terminal ( current capacity is 5 bcm per year , could be 7.5 bcm with an additional tank ) received 1.5 bcm in gas equivalent between december 2015 and march 2017 . 
  that 's how polish energy independence from russia actually looks like . 
  ^ ^ [ source ] ( http://en.polskielng.pl/press-centre/news/news/artykul/201477/ ), 
   ftfy . 
  i have n't heard a bip when south stream got canceled but i guess russian gas mutates if it goes to germany . 
  [ reuters , dec 15 , 2014 : merkel urges bulgaria to seek new talks with putin on south stream ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-bulgaria-gas-southstream-iduskbn0jt1ni20141215 ), 
   romania , poland , and the baltic are praiseing the us for this action . 
  while continuing to buy russian gas . 
  because their pipelines already exist , and the us sanctions only target new pipelines . 
   and be reliant on russia out of all countries for energy because right now that 's the only realistic option . 
  there is simply not enough spare lng capacity ( in liquefaction , gasification and carriers ) to offset the 180 billion cubic meters of natural gas europe imports from russia . 
  according to [ this report ] ( http://www.kslaw.com/imageserver/kspublic/practice_areas/energy/lng-in-europe.pdf ) the eu had 137 bcm regasification spare capacity in 2013 . 
  i 'm too lazy to look up a source , but i 'm pretty sure that lng imports since then have increased . 
  but even if we 're looking at the same spare capacities , we still miss 43 bcm capacity . 
  for comparison , in 2016 germany imported 49.8 bcm natural gas from russia . 
  the european lng terminals do n't have enough spare capacity to supply europe without russian gas . 
  i also doubt that there are enough lng carriers for that endeavour . 
  if supply ca n't satisfy demand prices will increase . 
  one does n't have to be a genius to realise which economies will suffer more from this . 
  it 's about new sanctions . 
   would be solved by now if they had . 
  similar to how afghanistan and iraq are solved . 
  how does having a big economy help when you ca n't import enough gas to run your economy ? 
   well there are some industries where it is impossible to stay competitive without the economy of scale . 
  so yeah sounds like any other small country . 
  a country is not a single company . 
  it 's not germany that competes with greece on the nail market . 
  it 's a nail company in germany that competes with a nail company in greece . 
  and i 'm not sure why a greek company should n't be able to compete with a 500 employee nail manufacturer in germany . 
  there are plenty of areas to compete that are n't vw . 
  in fact the vast majority of german companies are in areas where greece and eastern europe could compete . 
   and btw by competitive i mean profitable . 
  we are not discussing quality of product/service or efficiency we are discussing means of making $ $ $ . 
  both are linked . 
  if your company is n't competitive it wo n't be profitable in the long-term . 
  greeks wo n't buy greek nails if they can buy german nails for half the price . 
   well a bit stretched but bulgaria and greece while being on a different level of development are not only similar in terms of population but are also a direct neighbors . 
  both bulgaria and greece joined a union that aims at getting rid of protectionism . 
   and yes to some extend the greek nail company would cause a similar effect to the nails made in bulgaria . 
  but to a lesser extend mainly due to facts i mentioned above . 
  it would cause the exact same effect . 
  the greek company would increase production so they can make even more money by selling nails to bulgaria . 
  it does n't matter if it 's a greek company or a german company that undercuts your prices . 
  a state owned nail company that is n't competitive . 
  yup . 
  sounds like greece . 
  the interesting thing is that you are totally okay with selling those nails to bulgaria . 
  you do n't care for their state owned nail company that wo n't be able to compete with the greek nail company . 
   you do n't work on pumping water out of a sinking ship until you 've plugged the hole . 
  you actually do , the pumps will give you more time to plug the hole . 
  but maybe you believe germany is like one guy . 
  i like how the headline talks about evading sanctions , but the first paragraph correctly mentions that energy trade is not covered by the sanctions . 
  so unbiased . 
  yes , i should have added `` for private importers '' . 
  but providing the correct classification ( the taric code ) for an item is not a complicated customs procedure . 
  it 's the most basic thing that is required when you import things from a country outside of the single market . 
  you have to do that for every single item you import . 
  even if all goods from japan come with a 0 % tariff , you still have to classify the goods you import . 
  clearing customs might get easier if you mass ship goods , because deeper cooperation between japan and eu customs might make customs handling a lot easier . 
  does n't help you if you are a private citizen who imports things , because then you ca n't participate in the customs automation systems that are only available to businesses . 
  but since you are n't a business you can go to the customs office totally unprepared , and they 'll try to figure out how your good has to be classified . 
  you can then laugh about them because they are n't pvc figurine aficionados and think they are toys . 
  or you look up the taric code for pvc figurines yourself and take it to the customs office . 
  that 'll make it easier for them to treat your figurine as whatever you think it is . 
  not every customs official has deep knowledge about the couple thousand different taric classifications . 
  but if you show them a taric code they can look it up and see if your good can be clarified like this . 
  anyway , even with a free trade agreement you will still walk to the customs office . 
  if only for the sole reason that the customs office does n't trust the majority of b2c invoices that are attached to shipments . 
  which means you have to prove what you actually paid so they can correctly calculate the import value added tax . 
  citizens of new zealand automatically get a special category visa when entering australia . 
  legally speaking that 's not visa-free . 
  practically it 's pretty much visa-free , because they do n't have to obtain it prior to their travel . 
  it 's granted automatically when they enter australia , and it 's not time limited . 
  do n't want to destroy your hopes , but nothing will change . 
  a trade agreement does n't change customs procedures at all . 
  doubtful . 
  there 's not a single country that has real visa-free access to australia . 
  compared to traditional visa , evisitor is n't such a big deal though . 
  it 's pretty much a black and white issue . 
  your linked wikipedia article calls freedom of movement a right . 
  a right is something you can enforce against the will of a second entity if you formally fulfil the conditions . 
  travel regimes that require visa and visa-free travel regimes do n't give you enforceable rights . 
  when you do n't get a visa for the us , even if you formally fulfil the requirements , you ca n't sue the us government for violating your rights . 
  because you do n't have a right to enter the country , even if you fulfil all conditions that are necessary to get a visa . 
  when you fulfil the requirements for visa-free travel to japan but the border protection agent at the border tells you that you ca n't enter , you ca n't sue the japanese government either . 
  because you do n't have a right to enter the country , even if you fulfil all conditions that are necessary to make use of visa-free travel . 
  when you fulfil the requirements for freedom of movement and the border protection agent at the irish border does n't allow you to enter , you can take the irish government to court . 
  because as a eu citizen that fulfils the requirements you actually have the right to enter ireland . 
  trade deals give you zero travel rights in regard to the other country . 
  if the country does n't allow you to move there you ca n't do anything against it . 
  that 's why it 's stupid to water down the definition of freedom of movement down to visa-free travel and temporary work visa . 
  both of them require goodwill of the host country . 
  the host country has the final say in your travel/moving plans .
