  there 's just no will to make it work . 
  no work permit and no welfare except in the country that is responsible for you . 
  done . 
  yes and yes . 
  old women and queens need love too . 
  now that i think about it i would actually lick the cunt of the queen for free . 
  and yes , merkel 's too . 
  that should make a good story for my grandchildren . 
  anyway , since i would n't be a forced prostitute i could reject clients with cunts that i would n't want to lick . 
  so no need to come up with the argument about the gross cunt that has n't seen a shower since the end of ww2 . 
  they took ` er werkers . 
  ca n't wait that they trigger article 50 so we see which of these madmen tactics they choose as the official government policy . 
  `` we are in the same boat as liechtenstein . 
  we need special rules so we are n't swamped by migrants . 
  do n't you see that we are an island ? 
  do you expect us to build houses in the water ? 
  there 's just no space ! '', 
  black pudding . 
  pudding makes nice desert . 
  here 's an excel document that should contain all the numbers related to foreigners and the job market in germany : https://statistik.arbeitsagentur.de/statischer-content/statistische-analysen/statistische-sonderberichte/generische-publikationen/migrations-monitor-arbeitsmarkt-eckwerte-bundesebene-mit-quoten.xlsm ( 3mb ) found that here : https://statistik.arbeitsagentur.de/navigation/statistik/statistische-analysen/statistische-sonderberichte/migration-arbeitsmarkt/migration-arbeitsmarkt-nav.html, 
  you probably did n't get the reference . 
  the name of the person that left the notebook ? 
  i for one like my bulgarian immigrant neighbors . 
  they are nice people . 
  but i 'm a crazy liberal , so that 's obvious . 
  where `` have more refugees '' means they requested asylum and then wandered off ? 
  similar to how hungary got 200,000 asylum requests in 2015 . 
  but they only decided on a couple hundred . 
  brussels says , ` we have a democracy and one country can not go against the will of the 26 . ', 
  can you cite some cases where the eu ignored the veto of a member state in matters that require unanimous approval ? 
  why do eastern european countries beg nato for a few battalions ? 
  do they really believe that this will stop a russian invasion ? 
  nope they do n't . 
  they want it as a sign of solidarity . 
  ----- every future relocation scheme can be vetoed . 
  apparently they believe they can stop the relocation of 80 refugees . 
  so why should they not be able to stop the relocation of 800 , 8,000 , 80,000 or even 80,000,000,000,000,000 ? 
  there 's no such thing as `` precedent '' if it comes to these things . 
  they have n't agreed to an infinite relocation scheme , so they do n't have to follow it . 
  from the 2016 ( jan-jun ) asylum requests of germany : http://i.imgur.com/qrv5rdt.png source : http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/452149/umfrage/asylbewerber-in-deutschland-nach-altersgruppen/  anyway , nice flow of military aged men instead of the advertised women and children . 
  no problem . 
  considering that `` military aged men '' is the most prevalent group in all migrants groups , even in those from the eu , we 're safe . 
  we just let the poles , romanians and hungarians fight against the syrians and afghans . 
  the referendum would be held over the final version . 
  so i would assume that 100 % of the people would be able to read it . 
  instead of playing that fun game of rhetorical questions with rhetorical rebuttals you could have just said `` they 'll rape your women !!!, 
  ! 11 '' would have saved everyone some time . 
   germany and ireland are all lining up to do trade with us , we dont need the eu ... that 's the problem with the majority of ~ ~ brexiters ~ ~ people . 
  they have no fucking clue how the eu actual works . 
  -- just in case somebody does n't know how the eu works : neither germany nor ireland can make a trade agreement with the uk . 
  the eu has to make that trade agreement , and germany and ireland will be part of it . 
  since 1987 ireland became part of more than 30 free trade agreements . 
  on how many of those did you have a referendum ? 
  the fear of becoming blind . 
  the migration topic is the only thing v4 can agree upon . 
  that 's why v4 will stay irrelevant . 
  in civ 5 you have four buttons . 
  pick wisely . 
  honestly , i do n't know much about that . 
  i was 5 when the wall fell . 
  but the gdr tried very hard to downplay the participation of the people ( and businesses ) east of the german-german border . 
  everyone in the east was an anti-fascist and always has been . 
  and the holocaust was a result of fascism , which was a result of capitalism . 
   edit : also noticed berlin is there as `` liberated '' . 
  til enemy is not defeated and conquered , enemy is liberated . 
  that 's basically on par with the self-image of todays germany . 
  and it has been the soviet view on things from the start . 
  they introduced a public holiday in east germany in 1950 . 
  it was officially called `` tag der befreiung des deutschen volkes vom hitlerfaschismus '' , `` day of the liberation of the german people from hitler-fascism '' . 
  of course they only meant the german people in the gdr . 
  the germans west of the border continued to be fascists . 
  others were n't that lucky . 
  but how much did you pay us in the 90s ? 
   a lot of us pharma companies have factories and headquarters in ireland . 
  man . 
  stop making up factors that make ireland the most suited . 
  ireland produced pharmaceuticals worth 22.192 billion euro . 
  italy produced pharmaceuticals worth 25.798 billion euro . 
  germany produced pharmaceuticals worth 27.683 billion euro . 
  pharma companies in germany invested 5.767 billion euro into research and development . 
  pharma companies in the uk invested 5.187 billion euro . 
  companies in france invested 4.392 billion euro . 
  belgium 2.343 b. denmark 1.411 b. italy 1.230 b. spain 997 million . 
  sweden 942 million . 
  the netherlands invested 642 million euro into r&d . austria 453 million . 
  finland 264 million . 
  poland 227 million . 
  romania 200 million . 
  irish pharma companies invested 194 million euro in r&d . 110,000 people were employed in the german pharma industry . 
  95,700 were employed in france . 
  73,000 in the uk . 
  63,500 in italy . 
  36,700 in spain . 
  28,500 in poland . 
  and 24,000 in ireland . 
  all figures from that report : http://www.efpia.eu/uploads/figures_2014_final.pdf but please make up more reasons why ireland is the most important pharma producing country in the eu . 
  so you 're saying there would be a conflict of interest ? 
  if the location of the ema is decided upon the size of the pharma sector it 'll move to germany anyway . 
  as with almost everything in the world , nobody gives a shit about relative worth . 
  in 43 years ,
