    germany would initially contribute 200 million euros ( $ 217 million ) , with money to start flowing in mid-2016 , and would ask other donors to contribute , according to a handout from his delegation . 
  do people who mix the serb code with other code have to wear [ signs ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d6/i_was_kind_to_the_poles1.jpeg ) ? 
  they do n't care about discontent in germany . 
  they want discontent in the eu . 
  and everything refugee is a good way to achieve that . 
  because of the multiple accession steps that do n't require full membership , the eu is probably a more imminent threat to the russian sphere of influence than nato . 
  and that russia-friendly germany is no more , at least not to the extent it was till russia annexed crimea . 
  germany has not veto 'd the sanctions and germany will not veto the sanctions in the future . 
  as every other eu country , germany will happily continue to trade once the sanctions are gone . 
  but regardless of russia 's actions , germany wo n't be the country that makes these sanctions go away . 
  i realized my mistake and changed * non-eu * into * non-eea * . 
  norway is part of the eea , uk might not become a member because of the freedom of movement for workers rules . 
  ireland ca n't negotiate free trade agreements while it is a member of the eu . 
  that is a power that was transferred to the eu , because a free trade agreement of one member state affects all other member states . 
  you can keep free movement ( as in choice of residency ) though . 
  but i think ireland has to treat any border traffic with uk as non-eea traffic . 
  which means everyone who enters the country via uk is subject to customs checks . 
  ireland has to collect import taxes and duties from non-eea imports . 
  as a compromise we could require visas from residents of ontario , quebec , british columbia , manitoba and saskatchewan . 
  that 's just these 2 countries worth of canadian citizens . 
  english article : http://www.dw.com/en/syrian-refugee-dies-waiting-on-social-services-in-berlin/a-19006930, 
  they do n't sell these at hardware stores though . 
  my local electronics stores have either stopped selling chemicals for `` safety reason '' ( i.e. 
  bureaucracy and storage regulations ) or they just sell iron ( iii ) chloride . 
  but if not in a hurry it 's smart to order from an electronics shop . 
  you do n't want to wake up and see your photo in national news . 
  they do n't want to let the terrorists know that they should not buy hydrogen peroxide , muriatic acid and acetone in one shopping trip . 
  you need these things if you etch electronic boards in your home . 
  i 've bought this combination too . 
  thankfully i do n't look like a s\u00fcdl\u00e4nder . 
  you were shocked that you do n't get passport stamps while traveling in the schengen area ? 
  do n't you inform yourself before traveling to other countries ? 
  yeah , i read that * was * as an * is * . 
  after usa and georgia ... 
   i 've read the whole report and it is clear this is what germany is doing . 
  now it 's time to do some thinking . 
  the 2015 net migration from eu countries alone will hit +400,000 people . 
  that 's just eu citizens . 
  and if we want , we could increase that number to 1,000,000 . 
  we could go to countries , advertise german jobs , arrange interviews in the other country . 
  and once a company found a suitable candidate , the government could pay moving costs and 2 months of rent . 
  for a one time payment of a couple thousand euro we would get a skilled immigrant who will start to work immediately . 
  no strain on the social system . 
  no problems with accommodation . 
  they all would undergo a check for crimes . 
  they would be integrated pretty quickly ( most important thing for integration is a job ) . 
  or we could reform the immigration policy . 
  we could lower the wage requirements . 
  we could issue blue cards for people who do n't have university degrees . 
  we could invite people from other countries to do apprenticeships in germany . 
  but of course , we are totally stupid , so we invite millions of unskilled people that will cost us more than 10,000 euro per year . 
  we invite people that cause social tension and crimes . 
  we invite people with unpredictable travel plans so they are a massive strain on the support system that is provided by the states and municipalities . 
  that probably sounds logical if you just read reports . 
  we have long maternal/paternal leaves . 
  the government pays a monthly child allowance . 
  every child has the right to visit a daycare facility . 
  education is free . 
  parents pay less taxes if they have children too . 
  what other incentives would you suggest ? 
  they 're like merkel . 
  if she can cause the refugee crisis in late august , pis is able to create growth by getting elected in late october . 
  maybe we should provide some broomsticks to other eu countries so they 'll be able to contribute as well ? 
  they probably plan to use these things before 2030 . 
  that 's how long it would take to introduce a polish-ukrainian helicopter that has to be created from scratch . 
  having a company that knows how to build engines wo n't help . 
  but would they ? 
  considering that the netherlands run the largest port of the eea , and that denmark would be landlocked by a competing economic bloc i highly doubt that . 
  limiting immigration is one of the four key objectives of the negotiations . 
  and i think it 's a very important matter for brexit supporters as well . 
  does n't sound like efta would be the right place for the post-brexit uk . 
  that 's what i said to my ex-girlfriend . 
  leaving you has nothing to do with your apartment , so i 'll just continue to use that . 
  for some reason you base all your ideas on the assumption that there will be free trade with the uk . 
  and if i had to guess i would say you confuse free trade with single market access as well . 
  the uk does n't want free trade , they want single market access . 
  because free trade agreements are almost always limited to certain areas . 
  since the uk is much smaller than the rest of the eu , it wo n't be the uk alone that decides which areas will be covered . 
  so back to the single market access , the uk can only get that if they stay part of the eea . 
  which requires the uk to adopt freedom of movement for workers with all eea countries . 
  which would be a huge slap in the face of the brexit supporters that vote out because of migration issues . 
  because switzerland has agreed to follow plenty eu regulation to have access to the eu single market . 
   moreover , to hurt the uk -- presumably economically -- the eu would also have to be hurting themselves as the uk imports more from the eu than it exports if i 'm not mistaken . 
  correct . 
  i calculated it for another thread about that . 
  if there were absolutely no trade between the uk and the eu , the uk would have lost 295 billion euro in 2014 . 
  and the eu would have lost 367 billion euro . 
  or 13 % of the uk gdp and 3 % of the eu gdp . 
  apparently the `` not our problem '' approach is spreading across the eu . 
   why would we want to get rid of someone who achieves that ? 
  housing crisis . 
  for some reason the brits seem unable to build new houses . 
  so obviously even the integrated refugees who contribute to society and economy are no longer desired . 
  hungary did fine because there is no fence in croatia . 
  if it 's no longer possible to go around the fence , they will try to get through the fence . 
   apply for a work visa in your own country , come here , get a job , learn the language , respect the local laws . 
  wrong order . 
  here 's the order to get a german work visa : 1 . get recognized university degree 2 . learn the language ( because that 's basically a requirement for the next step ) 3 . find a job that pays more than 1.5 times the german average salary , currently that 's 47,600 $ ( 37,128 $ for it jobs , doctors and other positions in need ) 4 . apply for blue card if you do n't have enough money to support yourself 6 months in germany you wo n't get a jobseeker 's visa and you have to do step 3 remotely . 
  oh , and you are basically out of luck if you do n't have a recognized university degree . 
  -- i wonder why people pretend to be asylum seekers instead of getting wealthy first so they can get the degrees that allow them to migrate to germany .
