  and refineries and the steel industry can stick one of the magic co2 filter to its chimneys . 
   germany will reach the agreed eu 2020 targets . 
  i do n't see how fines could be justified . 
  [ portion of gdp created by producing industry in 2013 ( source in german ) ] ( http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/249080/umfrage/anteile-der-wirtschaftssektoren-am-bruttoinlandsprodukt-bip-der-eu-laender/ ) : - france 18.84 % - uk 20.39 % - germany 30.21 % in absolute values ( [ gdp of 2014 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_european_union ) , too lazy too look up 2013 numbers ) : - france 403,556 million euro - uk 452,224 million euro - germany 877,234 million euro 403,556 + 452,224 = 855,780 germany has more industry than france and uk combined . 
  of course germany will never reach the level of countries with much less industry . 
  industry is the sector that produces ( directly and indirectly ) the most co2 . 
  btw , germany already reduced their co2e emissions by more than 20 % since 1990 . 
  what are these numbers ? 
  where do these numbers come from ? 
  any link to the eu commission source ? 
  these numbers appear way too low . 
  ~ ~ germanys target for 2020 is 750 million tonnes co2e . ~ ~ germany has to reach 750 million tonnes co2e by 2020 to meet the 40 % reduction by 2030 goal that was created by the german government . 
  last year greenpeace and others doubted that germany will meet this target if they do n't create further incentives . 
  and suddenly they shaved off another third of that target ? 
   in some places the sewage system has become so dry that the utilities have had to add water to keep the sewers flowing . 
  and fresh water pipes have to be replaced with new pipes with smaller diameter , because the lower flow rate ca n't wash all the residue out of the pipe . 
  germanys obsession with saving water is insane . 
  almost as if it would help countries which do n't have abundant amounts of fresh water if we save in germany . 
  remember when universities were n't machines that tried to spit out [ fachidiots ] ( http://www.collinsdictionary.com/submission/1182/fachidiot ) as fast as possible ? 
  tertiary education should n't be a race . 
  universities were a place to broaden your mind , to get creative and diverge from your subject matter . 
  but maybe i 'm just too old . 
  replacing one dependence to a crazy country with a dependence to a slightly less crazy one ... 
   so the sanctions will still stay for greek companies , but those companies can partner witha russian company to export . 
  this does n't sound shady at all . 
  / s i guess the russian partner companies will only make long term ( 5 + years ) deals with fixed amounts and fixed prices ( in ruble ) that are ( currently ) just a little bit lower than the market price . 
  at least that 's how i would do it if my business partner is as desperate as greece . 
  so it 's that simple ? 
  give greece money or they will make our lives miserable ? 
  exactly that threatening bullshit is why they are running out of sympathy . 
  give money or we vote golden dawn give money or we will invite russia give money or we will let isis into europe give money or ... that 's their businessplan . 
  you got that one right . 
  if i were greece i would try `` give money so we can ... which will allow us to ... our 10 year projection ... '' . 
  but nope . 
  but that 's just because do n't want to admit that they do n't know how to save greece . 
  they just want to try things . 
  because why not ? 
  the eurozone pays or we will ... 
  if you replace greece with any other country in the eu your post will still be 100 % correct . 
  more similarities with americans than europeans my ass . 
  countries with failed economies ca n't afford the things germany has to offer . 
  so it 's in our interest that countries are wealthy enough to buy our shit . 
  and no , we do n't fear competition from greece . 
  we do n't need to keep greece down . 
  if you have a solution that brings the greek economy back on track without ruining the rest of the eurozone you should contact the greek government . 
  unfortunately greece does n't know how to solve their problem , they just know what they do n't want . 
  it 's not the visit . 
  the statements that come out of these meetings are the huge deal . 
  i like how germany can be the country that loves and hates russia at the same time . 
  germany is criticized because they do n't want to support ukraine ( i.e. 
  giving them weapons ) because they want to keep russia as one of the most important trading partners . 
  and germany is criticized because they obviously fight a lone war over ukraine because they hate to take russia back as one of the most important trading partners . 
   in summary , greece is learning from the other countries of the eurozone . 
  did greece ask eu countries for help to compensate their trade loss to russia ? 
  maybe they should have tried a `` we stand behind the sanctions , but they put us into even more trouble , please buy more greek produce '' campaign instead of the `` we will veto sanctions '' campaign . 
   greece though does n't have comparable exports to other eu countries , and because of the sanctions greece lost 40 % of its exports . 
  40 % of what ? 
  greece might have lost 40 % of the exports that went to russia the year before . 
  because greece ' biggest export destination in 2012 was turkey ( 10.55 % ) . 
  then there was italy , then germany ( 6.4 % ) , bulgaria , cyprus , united states ( 4.0 % ) , united kingdom , libya , lebanon , spain , france ( 2.6 % ) , macedonia , romania , gibraltar . 
  and finally russia . 
  with an export volume of 1.93 % quite a lot eu countries considering that greece does n't have comparable exports to other eu countries . 
  i do n't know where you get your statistics from , but i would look somewhere else . 
  greece is definitely not the country that loses the most exports from sanctions against russia . 
  here are some other export quotas to russia : germany 3.5 % . 
  france 2.3 % . 
  italy 2.6 % . 
  poland 5.2 % . 
  finland 9.0 % . 
  romania 2.8 % . 
  there are probably more countries , but you should see my point . 
  all gross trade value , 2012 https://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/grc/, 
  greece wo n't be an equal business partner for russia . 
  greece needs russia more than russia needs greece . 
  naturally there are fears that russia will use greece as a way to influence eu decisions on their politics . 
  not too long ago greece used exactly that as a threat . 
  exactly . 
  greece knows that the eurozone is the only one who is willing and able to help them . 
  and we know that as well . 
  they know that selling their country to china or russia will be worse than having the institutions in their country . 
  but they still continue to put on their big show . 
  they pretend to have options left and right . 
  but in reality they do n't have these options . 
  their only option is to work together with the eurozone/eu/imf . 
  yet they do the opposite . 
  they play the good old blame and shame game . 
  but admitting that there are no options besides the hated entities , formerly known as institutions , would anger the greek voters . 
  so they continue with their bullshit . 
  did he pay that generous `` present '' from the cash he made by running the tax avoidance scheme in luxembourg ? 
  yes . 
  this has to end . 
  i will vote anti-eu next time . 
  and i seriously hope germany gets out of the union of blame . 
  and then i will sit there and watch who will be blamed next . 
  i do n't blame him either . 
  it 's good that russia wants to help greece . 
  because that means the eurozone does n't have to do it . 
  if greece believes bluffs are the right way to solve their problems we should call their bluffs . 
  if greece says russia will help them out of their financial situation , the eurozone should stop all payments to greece immediately . 
  if greece threatens that they will let isis fighters into the union , it 's time for schengen suspension for all vessel entering from greece .
