  and if an asylum seekers is registered in france , germany would not pay benefits to them . 
  problem solved . 
  politicians are n't stupid . 
   last i heard germany would reduce its number of immigrants because they already have too many compared to the parameters set . 
  if a general quota would be enacted and every single asylum seeker that enters the eu is distributed . 
  the current proposal is for 40,000 asylum seekers . 
  i 'm pretty sure the goal is to ease the situation in italy and greece . 
  i doubt that germany will send asylum seekers to ireland . 
  and this time it 's not a bubble . 
  it walks like a bubble and quacks like a bubble but it 's intrinsic economic growth . 
  i have n't read the court decision , but it 's probably the absence of a levy on storage media that makes the uk private copy illegal . 
  austria and 20 other eu countries compensate copyright holders with a tax on storage media . 
  those that are waiting in calais are not most of the asylum seekers that enter the eu . 
  they are just very obnoxious , and very loud . 
  so cameras are pointed at them and articles are written about them . 
  in absolute terms , germany hosts the most asylum seekers . 
  sweden , italy , greece , austria have plenty as well . 
  because copyright holders are compensated via zp\u00dc-levy . 
  a sometimes not so small fee you pay on blank cds , dvds , printers , scanners , external hard drives , media players with hard drives , flash storage , memory cards , computers and smartphones ( pending lawsuit ) . 
  point 1 . of our mars colonization program : 1 . 
  on an infinite timescale , humans will go to mars . 
  there is no point 2 . 
   greece defaults , stays in the euro because the ecb does n't want to be the one to pull the trigger . 
  that 's not a good combination . 
  greek banks hold debt of greece , plenty of these banks will go bankrupt if greece defaults . 
  with a new currency , greece could restart some of the banks . 
  currently greek banks get money from the emergency liquidity assistance from the ecb , so they keep functional . 
  the ecb agreed to accept a basically worthless i.o.u. 
  for each euro they give . 
  as soon as the banks stop to being solvent that money flow will stop . 
  and a default and therefor lack of access to new loans and not being able to control its currency do n't go well together . 
  and the thing with a sovereign default is that the external debt does n't vanish . 
  lenders usually agree to debt restructuring and a haircut . 
  so greece will have to pay back debt . 
  they might do it at a slower rate , but they will have to pay something back . 
  which means they still need a primary surplus . 
  and they wo n't be able to pay debt back with cheap loans . 
  a default in the euro is like instant austerity . 
  and this time they ca n't negotiate the number in front of the primary surplus . 
  it would probably be better to get the imf out of the boat . 
  too many cooks spoil the broth . 
  and i 'm not sure if the imf had a positive influence . 
  you can always decline an offer . 
  problem is that most tech companies that are sold these days produce fads . 
  there is a chance that they are successful and become the next facebook . 
  but there is also a great chance that they will never operate in the black and become the next geocities . 
  so why not calculate your odds and decide if an offer is worth taking . 
  the big danger for small it companies is that pretty much all of them are easily replaceable . 
  if you decline an offer to sell your company , and the next day a competitor comes to market that endangers your position , you might have lost the only chance to sell your company for more than scrap value . 
  a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush . 
  how many shares of their company do the two founders own ? 
  maybe it was n't them who said no to the offer . 
  only time will tell how smart that decision was . 
  there is a good chance that they will never receive such an offer again . 
  and that 's why you should think about selling your company if somebody makes a reasonable offer . 
  especially if all you have to offer is an idea that can be implemented by pretty much everyone that knows how to code . 
  snapchat is a fad that can easily be replaced by another fad . 
  would you have sold myspace to microsoft before facebook went public ? 
  - eurozone makes a final offer - greece refuses that offer because `` greeks do n't accept that deal '' - eurozone will vouch for the imf payment and greece gets three months more time to get its shit together - eurozone stops all negotiations with greece - imf finds a decade old rule that allows the vouching - ecb stops ela , greek banks apply capital controls - greece holds referendum and people can decide between eurozone proposal and grexit, 
  bye bye greece . 
  you will be missed . 
  do n't fuck up the eurasian union . 
  without all the dead people . 
  the fucking bank run is already happening . 
  in the first three days of the week greeks have withdrawn 2 billion euro from their bank accounts . 
  and the ecb just raised the ela again . 
  why the fuck should the ecb provoke a bank run ? 
  they have to pay the bill if greece defaults . 
  ela is now more than 80 billion euro . 
  do we have to pay for the fuel ? 
  it 's a long way to germany . 
  the protection quota for somalian citizens is less than 50 % . 
  it was 49.3 % in 2013 in saxony , germany . 
  these quotas should be similar in whole germany . 
  and germany usually has higher protection quotas than whole eu . 
  if you are n't a criminal the chance of getting a visa as a software developer with college education should be almost 100 % and now please continue with the circlejerk . 
   college , bilingual and already working for a german corporation as a front end developer ? 
  should be easier and faster than an asylum application . 
  ask your employer if they have open positions in germany . 
  otherwise : eu bluecard and look for a new employer . 
  as a software developer it should n't be hard to meet the salary requirement . 
  in 1988 my parents received blood oranges in a christmas parcel from west german friends . 
  they thought they were rotten , because they looked so strange . 
  so they threw them away . 
  they also send a couple kiwifruit . 
  i had to take one to the kindergarten . 
  we did n't know what to do with it , so my parents said i should ask my kindergarten teacher . 
  she knew ( and laughed at me ) . 
  strange times . 
  i could swear i read that article 5 years ago already . 
  maybe i actually did : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/6539184/eu-wastes-millions-on-bizarre-projects.html, 
   donkeypedia it was ( or hopefully is ) an actual donkey , that walked through the netherlands , talked to school children and blogged about it . 
   airports , runways and other infrastructural projects can be incredibly beneficial to local economies yeah , in the calculations made by municipalities that would get their airport paid by state , federal and eu money . 
  they exaggerate a lot because the municipalities do n't have to shoulder most of the costs . 
  how many regional airports that are incredibly beneficial do you know ? 
  [ that guy ] ( http://aviation.stackexchange.com/a/11185 ) on aviation.stackexchange.com disagrees with the spinning part  in most common passenger aircraft brakes are automatically applied when the gear is retracted . 
  the wheels stop spinning before they enter the wheel well . 
  this is particularly important because a spinning damaged tire may cause damage to hydraulic and fuel lines which are usually routed near the wheel bay . 
    the nose wheels have no brakes , so they are spinning while they are being retracted . 
  most aircraft have rubber brake pads ( snubbers ) fitted in the nose gear bay that stop the spinning of the gear once the wheels are retracted .
