  so the permit will be valid in one country only , and it will expire if the person stops being a resident in that country . 
  be honest with yourself . 
  you are waiting for a left-wing movement that opposes ( non-european ) immigration . 
  many left-wing parties have addressed the problems of parallel societies and the problems of integration . 
  but these parties have addressed it without being against immigration . 
  france and ukraine . 
  who else ? 
  their love for polonium . 
  their inability to look objectively at the history of their country . 
  and their disrespect for the territorial sovereignty of other countries . 
   rt spends the majority of its time bashing any action taken by the country it 's reporting on which makes it anti-establishment , which makes it unquestioningly trust worthy for a lot of people . 
  anything else besides putting the bust of winston churchill back into the oval office ? 
   the netherlands donated 4,4 million euro to hillary , flanders 780.000 euro they donated 4.4 million euro to the clinton foundation , a charity organisation , in 2013 . 
  there might be something sketchy going on with that foundation in regards to clinton 's time in the state department , but as far as i 'm aware , the clinton foundation did not finance the campaign of clinton . 
   they fund political parties , but so do we . 
  it 's no secret that european states for example funded hillary , so why scream murder and fire when russia does the same to us ? 
  can you elaborate ? 
  which european states funded clinton to what extent ? 
  - european border and coast guard agency : warsaw , poland - european agency for the operational management of large-scale it systems in the area of freedom , security and justice : tallinn , estonia - agency for the cooperation of energy regulators : ljubljana , slovenia - body of european regulators of electronic communications : riga , latvia - european police college : budapest , hungary - european institute for gender equality : vilnius , lithuania - european gnss agency : prague , czech republic - european institute of innovation and technology : budapest , hungary, 
  the problem is that no one can agree to what the necessary steps are . 
  according to greece the necessary steps primarily involve a lot of money from european tax payers . 
  according to european tax payers , they should n't . 
  if you have a solution that guarantees greek growth come forward and tell us . 
  giving them another haircut , so they could make more debt comes with a lot of risk . 
  if the idea to grow the greek economy with debt they ca n't afford fails again , the european taxpayer will pay for it . 
  if one could guarantee that the next debt relief will be the last one greece will need in the next 100 years , i 'm pretty sure many people and hence many governments would be much more supportive of the idea . 
  but `` the european tax payer foots the bill and then we 'll see what will happen '' does n't sound right to many of us . 
   so , pro globalism and cultural marxism and anti national sovereignty ? 
  says the avid \\ / r/the _ donald regular who wants to convince romanians that they should vote for someone else . 
  too bad you are too indoctrinated to recognize the irony of that . 
   not that it would be a `` trick '' for someone to say that . 
  it would . 
  because the german electorate would be quite quick to state the exact opposite of trump . 
  the trick is to make trump say `` greece should pay back every single cent they owe ! '', 
  but what about poland and the baltic countries ? 
  and what about turkey and because of turkey greece ? 
  pakistan can afford nuclear weapons . 
  turkey can afford them as well . 
  and if a few of the smaller eu countries pool resources they can afford them too . 
  in other words , the npt ~ ~ is ~ ~ would be dead . 
  lets hope the town does n't waste too much money in that pipe-dream of becoming a pilgrimage site for the fans of melanie trump . 
  she 's no michelle obama , even if she gives her speeches . 
  and even if she would be , nobody would care about her home town . 
  `` even if we have to destroy the uk in the process . '', 
  the eu is so shitty that even the uk is still part of it . 
  as long as its them who emigrate to other countries . 
   do you not care about actually trying to understand where other people come from instead of just labeling them and treating them based on that ? 
  that 's how you start a holocaust . 
  you do n't want that , do you ? 
  nope . 
  jews were n't murdered because they actually poisoned wells and ran a conspiracy against germans . 
  they were murdered because they were hated , not because they did questionable things . 
  people are judging z\u00fcndel and hitler because of their actions , not because of what they are . 
  allowing them to spread holocaust denial wo n't make them disappear either . 
  so i prefer not seeing that stuff . 
  and not liking a law does n't make it unjust . 
  a law in a country that has free elections , follows the rule of law , and has a working system of checks and balances can certainly be considered right . 
   if germany wants to push ns then why would ukraine spend its money to maintain its unneeded pipes ? 
  you seem to believe that germany is the only country that buys significant amounts of russian gas . 
  proposing a coalition with the linke is also a great way to lose voters . 
  do ( ( ) ) mark half-jews ? 
   schnell , schnell czechia and hungary , take the muslims we invited , everyone must follow the rules !!!, 
  i like how you picked countries that have an even lower defence spending than germany . 
  if they would stop leaving their country in the hundred-thousands the risk to get replaced by the 6,182 asylum seekers the previous government agreed to relocate from italy and greece would be much lower . 
  in that case the 8.84 $ become 11.36 usd . 
  source [ oecd ] ( https://data.oecd.org/conversion/purchasing-power-parities-ppp.htm ), 
  which study are you referring to ? 
  it 's all about the country of origin designation . 
  the `` made in china '' sticker basically . 
  if you import something the customs authorities want to know the country of origin of the product . 
  that 's not the country where it was imported from , but the country where it was created . 
  or more precise , where the last significant step happened . 
  there are a couple rules on how to decide the country of origin . 
  putting a single screw into a complicated device wo n't suffice . 
  so what 's stops canada from putting a `` made in canada '' sticker on chinese steel ? 
  if the eu would figure out they would start to treat canadian steel as not-canadian steel , and the eu would complain to the wto . 
  -- a free trade deal does n't get rid of customs checks . 
  only inside a customs union you can import good without customs checks . 
  here in europe we have that interesting case of countries that are in the border-free zone schengen but not in the customs union . 
  if you bought stuff worth more than 300 $ in switzerland you have to go to a official border check point when you want to come to germany . 
  if you bought less than that you can cross the border wherever you want . 
  that 's basically the arrangement they would need at the border between ireland and northern ireland . 
  well . 
  actually . 
  since this year the minimum wage in germany is 8.84 $ which to the previous close eur/usd exchange rate of 1.188 is exactly 10.50 usd, 
  can you elaborate ? 
  what is so sensible about it ? 
  because i think it 's more ridiculous than sensible . 
  not having a customs border to a country that can set its own tariffs is quite ridiculous . 
  imagine the uk makes a free trade deal with china . 
  since uk and eu are in a customs union , companies would be free to import chinese goods to the uk , and then bring them to the eu without getting bothered by customs again . 
  and suddenly the uk is the country that decides about eu trade policy . 
  what would be the point ? 
  neither a eu-turkish style customs union nor efta membership would change the requirement for a customs border . 
  if the uk is allowed to set tariffs unilateral and if they are allowed to make trade deals , the eu has to check that the goods entering the eu originate in the uk . 
   but its trading , not donating . 
  the total price of these 6 dolphin subs was 2.4 billion euro . 
  germany paid 0.9 billion of that . 
  that was definitely a donation . 
  but that had more to do with keeping german shipbuilders in business than eternal guilt .
