  others still wait for the eu . 
  but of course we are to blame because germany does nothing except inviting refugees . 
  syria does not fight together against an enemy like it happened during ww2 . 
  in syria , syrians fight against syrians . 
  this is not world war ii where whole france had the same enemy they could fight against . 
  there is no country to fight for . 
  this is syrians fighting against syrians . 
  the problem is that refugees from syria know eu law better than many fellow europeans . 
  and then we can call them cowards that send their wifes on the dangerous trip . 
  in the wars you mentioned their country was attacked by another country . 
  if you were syrian for which fraction would you fight ? 
  the syrian armed forces ? 
  or the free syrian army ? 
  no matter which you choose , you will fight against your own countrymen . 
  and we have basements . 
  next to the heating system and the oil tank this thing looks like it came right out of the museum of arts and design . 
  it 's actually him . 
  you can read more about him here : http://news.yahoo.com/syrian-rebel-leader-seeks-europe-fleeing-govt-jihadis-163636165.html  al saleh joined the free syrian army , the moderate , western-backed forces opposing president bashar assad -- but also fighting the islamic state group and the al-qaeda affiliated nusra front . 
  whenever this photo is posted it is implied that this guy was fighting for isis . 
  which is not the case . 
  the families do n't stay in syria . 
  they go to a refugee camp . 
  and when the husband has received asylum , they request family reunification . 
  and the family can get there without risking their lives . 
  if you were syrian , who would you fight for ? 
  they do n't . 
  49.5 % of all syrian refugees are male . 
  [ source ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/syrianrefugees/regional.php ) it 's the men who go to europe . 
  women and children stay in refugee camps and wait until their husband/father received asylum and family reunification was granted . 
  how many thousand isis fighters have left the eu to fight in syria ? 
  with their eu passports they would be much better sleeper agents . 
  you know what happens to refugees that are already registered in hungary , once they apply for asylum or request benefits in germany ? 
  according to the dublin regulations , germany requests a transfer back to hungary . 
  neither refugees nor asylum seekers are allowed to leave the country they have registered in . 
  that schengen does n't stop them does n't matter . 
  germany will not process asylum applications from people who already have applied for asylum in another eu country . 
  if people are `` processed '' in hungary , they can no longer request asylum in germany . 
  that 's the reason why refugees want to leave hungary as fast as possible . 
  that 's the reason why refugees do n't want to cooperate with hungarian police . 
  they know that they have to stay in hungary once they are registered there . 
  yes . 
  to spare myself from more humiliation i wo n't calculate the probability that you are better in statistics . 
  good question . 
  i have no idea . 
  interviews ? 
  photos ? 
  families that want to be reunified have to visit an embassy to fill out forms and get the papers they need to enter the eu . 
  that visit would offer the opportunity to check if a family is really a family . 
   real refugees could spread out over the rest of the eu people who received asylum status do n't enjoy freedom of movement in the eu . 
  statistically you only need 4 people in the photo to capture a women or a child . 
  tourists always hate other tourists . 
  so the eiffel tower might make it to the top of the * most visited * list . 
  but of course visiting the eiffel tower was shit . 
  because all the tourists destroy the experience . 
  the families wait in refugee camps . 
  because the eu has family reunification laws . 
  http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=uriserv:l33118 the man applies for asylum . 
  after asylum is granted the man can request family reunification . 
  if that is granted , his wife and his children do n't have to risk drowning , they can just board a plane and enter the eu in a regular way . 
  fun fact : 200,000 of the 800,000 refugees germany expects this year are people that come via family reunification laws . 
  the amount of children and women in this group will probably be above 90 %, 
  http://news.yahoo.com/syrian-rebel-leader-seeks-europe-fleeing-govt-jihadis-163636165.html  al saleh joined the free syrian army , the moderate , western-backed forces opposing president bashar assad -- but also fighting the islamic state group and the al-qaeda affiliated nusra front . 
  the democracy part got shoved aside when the uk threatened to leave the eu if they do n't get the reforms they want . 
  their presence is a reaction to the recent nazi violence . 
  and as one could see last night in dortmund , this presence might actually be necessary so the first thing refugees see are n't neo-nazis who fight against police . 
  it looks like the [ refugees welcome ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hryi3p3.jpg ) sign on a rainbow . 
  germany resettled 20,000 syrians from refugee camps since 2013 . 
  additionally 15,000 private sponsorships visas were granted to people in these camps . 
  it 's just that greek babies taste much better . 
  in the last 70 years we have learned what really matters . 
  we have embraced what is now known as european values . 
  and we are not willing to compromise these values just because the upholding of these values is currently not as easy as it was when they were conceived . 
  sorry for destroying europe with all our human rights bullshit . 
  the unhcr picks them . 
  and the us accepts  75 % of these unhcr suggestions . 
  and the unhcr do n't pick them because of education or usefulness for the future host countries . 
  they pick them according to resettlement needs . 
  the un prefers to resettle people that have medical needs , or are survivors of violence or torture . 
  single women and girls will also be preferred . 
  you can blame the us for many things regarding their asylum procedures . 
  being picky about who they accept for resettlement is not one of these things . 
  these countries were part of the * multi-national force -- iraq * : usa , uk , australia , romania , el salvador , estonia , bulgaria , moldova , albania , ukraine , denmark , czech republic , south korea , tonga , azerbaijan , singapore , bosnia and herzegovina , macedonia , latvia , poland , kazakhstan , armenia , mongolia , georgia , slovakia , lithuania , italy , norway , japan , hungary , netherlands , portugal , new zealand , thailand , philippines , honduras , dominican republic , spain , nicaragua , iceland . 
  switzerland had to agree to freedom of movement to receive access to the single market . 
  if the uk does not want freedom of movement , the uk wo n't get access to the single market on a level similar to efta and switzerland . 
   you mean how rest europe treated refugees ? 
  no country was willing to accept a significant number of jewish refugees from the third reich . 
  which then lead to the creation of the un refugee convention . 
  to prevent the exact situation that people fleeing their country do n't have a place to stay . 
  and now the same people that use nazi-crimes to blame current germany , say that europe is full and ca n't take in any refugees . 
  should have said jews instead of refugees then . 
   the piece is wrong , yes in the future it will if things continue at this rate but life is never constant . 
  so what do you think will change so the population decline in eastern europe stops ? 
  short of leaving the eu , i do n't see anything that could cause this . 
  western and northern europe will always have higher salaries . 
  and because of that they will continue to attract people from eastern europe . 
  the 10 countries in the world with the biggest population decrease are all in east and southern europe . 
  poland will lose 5.5 million people til 2050 . 
  romania will lose 4.3 million , bulgaria 2 million . 
  especially the people that are in working age will decrease rapidly . 
  croatia will lose one third of the population in the next 35 years .
