  many issues will be lumped together to improve the negotiation position of either party . 
  even in regards to a very basic ata it 's a lot more complicated than `` eu is hostile , even russia has it ! '' . 
  -- btw , i was not seriously implying that the eu will deny the uk the basic air freedoms that even countries like north korea have . 
  after all that would also prevent flights from eu carriers to the uk . 
  that was tongue in cheek if you will . 
  but like everything brexit related , if you look closer it gets complicated quickly . 
  so much for konya as an alternative to incirlik because konya is actually a nato base and turkey would never block access to a nato base . 
  awacs planes from nato are stationed at nato airbase konya in turkey . 
  nato awacs have multinational crews . 
  germany can not abandon that base without abandoning its commitments to nato . 
  it 's more a matter of bureaucracy than hostility . 
  the uk wo n't have an air transport agreement with other eu countries when they leave . 
  they have to negotiate a new one . 
  which has to be approved by all eu members . 
  there are countless such treaties that deal with very basic things and are completely unrelated to the eu but still require negotiations and confirmations . 
  and that will take time . 
  edit : that 's the shitty thing about the 24 month `` negotiation period '' . 
  it is n't actually 24 months of negotiations because parliaments need time to vote on the result of the negotiations . 
  it 's totally possible that a national parliament disagrees with what their european counterparts have negotiated . 
  like we had it with ceta and wallonia . 
  but in the case of brexit the clock keeps ticking . 
  that means it would be smart to conclude negotiations as early as possible . 
  but we are in month 4 of `` negotiation '' and i doubt that anything has been negotiated . 
   it is also an inevitable side effect of the european freedom of movement . 
  north korea is probably the only country left that actively controls emigration . 
  for every other country migration is controlled by the receiving country . 
  which means that without freedom of movement greece and others would still lose their high skilled people . 
  but they would lose less low skilled and almost no unskilled people . 
  instead of moving to another country they would just be unemployed and receive welfare payments . 
  if the uk takes their `` no deal is better than a bad deal '' seriously , i would say there 's a ~ ~ good ~ ~ tiny chance that we even knock off that bar . 
  thanks i try to add that to my vocabulary . 
   they were not referring to 2015 you know . 
  they said `` poland was net contributor in 2016 . '' . 
  normal people mean `` whole 2016 '' when they talk about budgets and say `` in 2016 '' . 
  they do n't limit theirselves to some days in the first two months of the year . 
   2016 was still not netto , but the funds got delayed . 
  that is the reason . 
  by that logic every country is a net contributor to the eu budget . 
  because on 1 . 
  january nobody has received money from the eu but the contributions to the eu budget have already been earmarked . 
  how do you come up with these numbers ? 
  do you know the difference between gdp and the government budget ? 
  in 2014 the polish parliament approved their 2015 budget ^ ^ [ source ] ( http://www.thenews.pl/1/12/artykul/191065,poland-passes-2015-budget-with-deficit-under-3-percent ) . 
  they planned to spend 80.962 billion euro in 2015 . 
  in that year poland contributed 4.236 billion euro to the eu , and received 13.357 billion euro from the eu . 
  so poland received 9.121 billion euro more from the eu than they sent to the eu . 
  9 billion of 81 billion is 11 % . 
  believe me or not , you can totally see that on a graph . 
  here is proof : http://i.imgur.com/g09gvnr.png for your convenience i even shrank the image down to 11 % of its size : http://i.imgur.com/zs2ou45.png can still see it , because 11 % is not that small . 
  because nobody knows what will happen to the air cabotage agreement . 
  they are preparing for the case that the eu and uk wo n't agree on a full cabotage agreement . 
  i 'm pretty sure easyjet already has concrete plans for that case . 
  if there 's an agreement there 's obviously no reason to move any job . 
  in that case they might even close down their austrian branch again . 
  but if eu and uk wo n't agree on full cabotage plenty of jobs will move to vienna , because the eu commission wo n't consider a letterbox company with 10 employees a eu airline . 
  if easyjet is lucky the eu will get rid of the `` eu airlines must not exceed 49 % foreign ownership '' rule before the uk leaves the eu . 
  in that case it 's about cabotage . 
  the right of a provider from country a to provide transportation services between two destinations inside country b without having a stop in country a. 
  since 1997 each eu country has full cabotage rights in all eu countries . 
  every eu airline has the right to provide service between any two destinations in the eu . 
  right now easyjet uk can provide flights between berlin and munich , or paris and berlin . 
  and lufthansa germany can fly between london and edinburg , or paris and london . 
  post-brexit easyjet uk and lufthansa germany would lose the right to do these flights . 
  they will definitely get an agreement that allows them to provide service between their own country and the eu respectively uk , i.e. 
  both easyjet and lufthansa can provide service between london - berlin . 
  but it 's questionable if the uk and eu will be able to negotiate full cabotage rights . 
  but easyjet austria would still have cabotage rights in the eu . 
  it 's up to the eu commission to decide if easyjet austria is an actual aviation provider or just a letterbox company . 
  there 's a good chance that the commission requires that easyjet runs its eu-cabotage business primarily from austria . 
  -- here are some wikipedia articles that go into this in more detail : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedoms_of_the_air https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cabotage, 
  it 's not as easy as the 5 year old thinks . 
  government subsidised self-employment in a high unemployment environment will primarily replace a lot of regular employment . 
  self-employed people who are just there for not being unemployed do n't care about the business side , so they tend to underestimate the hourly rate they need to be able to run a sustainable business . 
  with their low rates they can easily compete against employed personnel . 
  which will then drive average wages down even more . 
  which will force more people into self-employment . 
  who then will ask for even less money to be able to compete with the employed . 
  rinse and repeat . 
  even in countries that do n't have greek unemployment rates a lot of self-employed people work for less than minimum wage . 
  in the end unemployment-driven self-employment will lead to very few real jobs and it wo n't help the economy that much . 
  if there is no demand , increasing the number of providers wo n't help . 
  if there would be demand there would be someone to fill that demand . 
  either banks would hand out loans or investors from outside of greece would seize the opportunity . 
  -- and how much taxes are we talking about ? 
  can you provide an rough example calculation for the taxes a self-employed one-person business has to pay in greece ( or italy ) ? 
  you believe they will keep jobs that are related to intra-eu flights in uk and basically run the austrian company like a letterbox company ? 
  i doubt that the eu commission would consider such a scheme a eu based airline that leads to the right to do flights that do n't leave the eu . 
  it 's always totally different if you are on the other side of the accusation . 
  by that logic soldiers are also not an army . 
  because they are soldiers . 
  it 's a totally different word !, 
  here are the contributions vs expenditures regarding the eu budget in billion euro for poland : - 2010 : 3.658 - 11.833 - 2011 : 3.580 - 14.440 - 2012 : 3.908 - 15.735 - 2013 : 4.214 - 16.179 - 2014 : 3.954 - 17.436 - 2015 : 4.236 - 13.357 that 's where the official eu numbers end . 
  and then suddenly either : - 2016 : 4.500 - 4.499 or : - 2016 : 12.001 - 12.000 let 's be realistic ... who knows what that minister actually calculated . 
  source : http://ec.europa.eu/budget/library/biblio/documents/2015/internet%20tables%202000-2015.xls, 
  and then we thank them for their service and everyone will be happy . 
  from my observation with posting such threads : threads that contain keywords like `` migrant '' or `` refugee '' have to be individually approved by the mods . 
  it does n't really matter because such topics do n't lose relevance within a few hours . 
  so i can finally have three ids that show that i 'm a eu citizen . 
  so useful and so very necessary . 
   not to mention that the figure is a % of overall budget ; so if the overall budget decreases then the amount required to meet the 2 % also decreases .
