  the eu has a population of 500 million , and a gdp of 18,000 billion us-dollars . 
  turkey already has the moral high ground . 
  by a huge margin . 
   as very similar project was stopped by the eu earlier this looks like germany gets to play by different rules and the outcome of this will show by just how different are those rules . 
  or maybe nord stream ii does not violate eu rules ? 
  slovakia sues the eu for imposing a refugee quota on them , do n't you think they would sue the eu for allowing an illegal nord stream ii ? 
  article from february 2015 . 
  because the total cost of emiratis that will violate the visa waiver conditions is lower than the cost of handing out visas . 
  the bigger part of the latter are uae people who do n't spend their money in the eu because they do n't want or do n't have the time to apply for a visa . 
  visa are primarily used to prevent economic migration . 
  they should prevent people in a high-risk group for illegal employment from entering . 
  the uae are wealthy enough that there are only very few who would choose the life as an illegal instead of using legal migration paths . 
  if you grant a schengen visa to 99 % of the emiratis that request it , you can just give them a visa waiver . 
  since the us requested the project to switch frequencies , galileo depends on the good-will of the us . 
  the us can jam ( at least ) the free and commercial frequencies . 
  in the original plan galileo would use the same band as the military part of gps . 
  and in that case , the us would disable their own military signal if they would jam the galileo signal . 
  the us did n't like that idea , and urged the eu to change that . 
  otherwise in times of war there would be `` irreversible action '' to disable the system , i.e. 
  the us would shoot down galileo satellites . 
  to make it clear , the us did n't fear a war with europe . 
  they feared that other nations will use galileo to guide their weapons . 
  especially after china joined the galileo project , tensions rose dramatically . 
   what are they checking the ids against ? 
  eu citizenship and valid schengen visa . 
   will the people checking ids have the power to turn people away ? 
  i assume they wo n't sell them tickets . 
   why ? 
  because almost no company uses obese models . 
  it 's pretty pointless to create legislation for something that happens very very rarely . 
   exponentially more fat people die every year from obesity related causes , but the law does not discriminate against them because the market already discriminates against them . 
  for every obese model you will probably find 100 models with bmi below 18.5  if it 's health you are concerned about , it would be a lot more reasonable to ban smoking having jobs than to ban thin people from having jobs and yet french people smoke a huge amount . 
  or they can ban tobacco advertising in tv and print media . 
  like the eu did in 1991 . 
  maybe slovakia can sue the eu for more solidarity while they sue them for imposing a refugee quota on them . 
   we can intercept boats and send them back before they land . 
  to where ? 
  because turkey wo n't take them back . 
   and those that land can be sent to a refugee camp somewhere in africa . 
  to which camps ? 
  and why would the countries that run these camps accept that ? 
   hm , funny how germany stance when it came to bulgaria and south stream was `` a bit '' different . 
  can you provide some quotes ? 
  because all i can find is this :  merkel urges bulgaria to seek new talks with putin on south stream   german chancellor angela merkel backed bulgaria on monday in its bid to seek new talks with russia about the south stream gas pipeline after moscow shelved the project this month in favor of an alternative link via turkey . 
   http://www.reuters.com/article/us-bulgaria-gas-southstream-iduskbn0jt1ni20141215 --  germany backs revival of russia 's south stream gas pipeline project   berlin -- german chancellor angela merkel backed bulgaria on monday in its bid to seek new talks with russia about the south stream natural gas pipeline after moscow shelved the project this month in favor of an alternative link via turkey . 
    the eu , at odds with moscow over the ukraine crisis and keen to reduce its energy reliance on russia , had raised objections to the $ 40 billion south stream pipeline , which was to run under the black sea and enter the eu via bulgaria . 
    critics of the plan said they believed it breached eu law , but some eu member states saw the pipeline , which would bypass ukraine , as the best way to secure their own gas supplies and economic interests and still hope it can be revived . 
    `` we need to examine all legal questions surrounding the south stream project and then use these to move discussions forward with russia , '' merkel said after talks with bulgarian prime minister boyko borisov in berlin . 
   http://www.themoscowtimes.com/business/article/germany-backs-revival-of-russia-s-south-stream-gas-pipeline-project/513348.html --  germany is to send experts to provide advice to bulgaria on matters related to the judicial reform , european funds absorption and energy projects , including south stream . 
  these are the highlights of the monday meeting of german chancellor angela merkel and bulgarian pm boyko borissov in berlin . 
    the legal facets of south stream are to come under the scrutiny of german experts and the chancellor , together with ec president jean-claude juncker and borissov , will discuss the next joint steps of bulgaria and the ec for finding a solution . 
    `` regarding the big energy projects -- nabucco and others which could pass through bulgaria in the future , such as south stream , we reached an agreement to maintain normal relations with the russian side and to observe the law and directions by brussels . 
  i am very thankful that chancellor merkel engaged personally , together with jean-claude juncker and the ec 's legal team to act first for a solution to the south stream case '' , bulgarian pm commented following the meeting . 
   http://www.naturalgaseurope.com/germany-to-help-bulgaria-on-south-stream, 
  so like the resettlement for syrian refugees from unhcr camps that a couple eu countries started in 2013 ? 
  germany has resettled 40,000 syrians with that plan . 
  half of them on private sponsorship visa , i.e. 
  they live with family members who pay for them . 
   people who cross into europe illegally are refused thus ending this route and its pull factor which caused hundreds to drown at the borders of europe , which is particularly shameful . 
  that 's how easy it is ? 
  just refuse them ? 
  why has nobody told that to greece , croatia , hungary , slovenia , austria , germany , denmark , sweden , the netherlands or any other country that has struggled or still struggles under the influx of refugees . 
  just refuse them and all will be good . 
   no opportunists from the balkan and basically all over the world joining in . 
  why should the resettlement of syrian refugees prevent that people from balkan countries request asylum in the eu ? 
  i would say the predecessors of the eu stopped to be solely an economic union in 1970 , when the european political cooperation was introduced . 
  i live right in between asylum seeker families . 
  two from kosovo , and two from syria . 
  i fully support the asylum system . 
  now what ? 
  still not close enough ? 
  do i have to live in the same apartment ? 
  indeed . 
  in the last elections that huge concerned majority could have voted for a party that does n't build refugee centers . 
  should have thought about that the last time they did n't vote that party . 
  freedom of movement means that a eu/efta citizen can live and work in every single eu and efta country . 
  it does not mean that they can cross every border without showing their id . 
  the uk is not part of the schengen area , you always had to show your passport to enter , but every eu/efta citizen can live in the uk . 
  unless they have very specific reasons , the uk ca n't even deny entry to a eu/efta citizen . 
  on top of that , we already have the glorified trade bloc . 
  norway , switzerland , iceland and liechtenstein are part of it . 
  unfortunately for the brexit-people even in that trade bloc you have to follow rules that were made in brussels . 
  only if you have absolutely no idea what free movement of people actually means . 
  auschwitz & buchenwald trump stamp on a muffin top . 
  i wonder what hitler would have said about this . 
  if it 's true what the justice minister said , it was the lawmakers that bungled it . 
  so the statement is still true . 
  belgium bungled it , probably decades ago , but it was still them . 
  germany has similar rules . 
  no raids between 21:00 and 4:00 ( summer ) respectively 6:00 ( winter ) . 
  but as many law enforcement limitations this rule can be trumped by exigent circumstances . 
  it 's a incredibly stupid oversight to not allow this . 
   as i later found out , she got questioned for more than an hour on what her parents are working in , what are their intentions , what does she want to do in the us , where does she want to go , why does she want to go there ... by the time she got out ( i was waiting outside ) , she was crying . 
  these are basically the exact same questions i was asked when i visited the us for the first time under the visa waiver program . 
  no it does n't . 
  there is a passport/visa check at every german schengen entry point , i.e. 
  german airports and german ports . 
  the rest is schengen , and germany is not responsible for people that were allowed to enter the schengen area in countries like hungary or slovenia . 
  yes . 
  and this makes it a lot more than `` just a matter of applying '' .
