  economy grow even faster because of sanctions . 
  to demonstrate how little we care about eu sanctions against our finance , energy and arms sector , we retaliate with sanctions on consumer goods . 
  no more eu chocolate flowers in russian supermarket ! '', 
  is `` security risk '' the new umbrella term for everything a country does n't want ? 
  there is a high visa application rejection rate because the us suspects poles of seeking employment . 
  that does not turn poles into terrorists . 
  some us ~ ~ politicians ~ ~ citizens are beyond stupid . 
  edit : apparently that guy is just the spokesperson of an [ anti-immigration hate group ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2011/04/17/us/17immig.html?_r=2&amp;pagewanted=1 ) , not a politician . 
  not sure why anyone listens to this crap . 
   after all , does n't usa want to make russia weaker , and using another country as a proxy in their war would keep them safe from all the inevitable counter attack using a nato country as a proxy would be rather stupid . 
  if the us wants to have a proxy war , why do n't they use ukraine ? 
  they are already at war with a proxy of russia . 
  maybe we can find a curveball who testifies that libya has weapons of mass destruction . 
  me too . 
  low height flyovers over the boat in question . 
  everyone who does n't run is a smuggler . 
  the second time the plane comes around bombs are dropped . 
  i think that 's how it was done in afghanistan . 
  which did n't prevent the invasion of cyprus in 1974 or the aegean crisis in 1987 . 
  that 's why we have to keep their economy down . 
  ^ ^ / s as long as our economy is 15 times the size of greece ' we are safe . 
  wait until you see artjombidenkobot, 
  you would already be banned if it would n't be for the proud and brave americans that guarantee you freedom of speech in this sub !, 
  i think people give that poll more importance than it deserves . 
  for most people in nato countries war is not even a realistic threat . 
  if the first grenade from north korea hits portugal , the poll results will change dramatically . 
  it 's easy to be a pacifist during peacetime . 
  obviously not . 
  please enlighten me . 
  greece can have the german way if they want . 
  but they do n't want to get out of the euro , and they do n't want to default . 
   monday 's events mark a stunning turnaround from last week , when the european central bank had to lend greek banks money to stop a run on banks there . 
  then , it appeared as if europe was content to let the greeks default , the fuck ? 
  the ecb is raising the emergency liquidity assistance ceiling constantly . 
  they are giving greek banks money for months . 
  the ela bill of greece contains more than 80 billion euro . 
  fuck no , at least not in this `` union '' . 
  this would turn into an even bigger blame game . 
  i think it 's time to accept that the eu is a free trade zone and nothing more . 
  it 's time to abolish any further integration attempts . 
  get rid of the euro , get rid of schengen , and rename the eu to etz , the european trade zone . 
  maybe we can try the whole union thing again in 50 years , currently people are not ready for it . 
  behind paywall ; did n't read . 
  why english ? 
  because most people already know english . 
  to turn esperanto into the language of the eu would mean to stop teaching english as secondary language . 
  which means many people are not able to communicate with the rest of the world . 
  that will cripple our economy , because people have to learn a third language to be able to communicate with business people outside of the eu . 
  does n't matter how close the uk is to the usa , english is the universal language of our times . 
  is anyone stopping greece from taking similar steps ? 
  why do n't they introduce the greek mark , to wipe out domestic debt ? 
  why do n't they default on their external debt and negotiate to only pay half of it , from their trade surplus ? 
  is it coincidence that almost all of the doom and gloom articles about the eu are from the uk ? 
  are you suggesting that we should bribe greeks so they vote for not-so-bad parties ? 
  so you want to talk about * asylum seekers * . 
  as i said , in that case terminology is very important . 
  immigrant is way to ambiguous , the german that moves to the netherlands is an immigrant , but he 's obviously not an asylum seeker . 
  and that kind of immigration is one of the core principles of the eu . 
  the eu has statistics that should help to answer some of your questions . 
  maybe there will be a denazifying organization that does the job for a low fee of 1000 $, 
   yes greeks voted for those governments . 
  they didnt vote them cause they knew those were corrupt politicians though . 
  no , they voted for them because they promised things , that were then financed by taking debt . 
  it 's like going to your bank and saying `` i did n't want that debt , i just wanted to have a house '' . 
  the debt was n't the fault of the people living in greece . 
  but every single person living in greece was directly involved in inventing democracy . 
  and please mark every product and building that was build with components or with the help of machinery of such companies . 
  mfw almost everything sold in russia is marked with a swastika . 
  the majority of the immigrants in the eu is from other eu countries . 
  they make us of * freedom of movement * . 
  ^ ( terminology matters . ), 
   the research , by economic consultants from the ecu group , is part of change , or go , a wide-ranging study of britain 's european union membership and future prospects . 
    [ ... ]   the document is published by business for britain , a campaign group seeking radical changes in britain 's relationship with the eu . 
  telegraph media group , which owns the daily telegraph , helped fund the project . 
  --  http://businessforbritain.org/about/  advisory council  neil mackinnon the ecu group plc ( global macro strategy adviser )  michael petley the ecu group plc ( cio )  eurosceptics think the eurozone is doomed . 
  who would have thought . 
  it 's called responsibility . 
  and it 's a good thing . 
  so family day is an euphemism for `` anti-lgbt protest '' ? 
  now they just have to build a new pipeline every month for the rest of the year . 
  ecb wants 3.5 billion euro on july 20 , and another 3.2 billion on august 20 . 
  and in september the imf wants 1.5 billion . 
  not sure how accurate [ this wsj graph ] ( http://graphics.wsj.com/greece-debt-timeline/ ) is , but according to that they have to pay 5.1 billion $ to the imf and 6.6 billion $ to the ecb alone . 
  then there 's like another 15 billion owed to treasury bill holders . 
  and a small 25 million payment to the eib . 
  and according to this [ german article ] ( http://www.faz.net/aktuell/wirtschaft/eurokrise/griechenland/schuldenkrise-athen-muss-gehaelter-und-renten-kuerzen-13659222.html ) by the frankfurter allgemeine sonntagszeitung , greece wo n't even be able to pay pensions and salaries in june . 
  `` will athens help pay its debt '' sounds like a huge exaggeration . 
  you mean zp\u00dc , because they are the ones that compensate copyright holders for legal copies . 
   it would be illegal for these polish shops to refuse to sell to other european customers anyway . 
  offering international shipping is not mandatory . 
  it would be illegal to refuse to sell to a non-polish eu citizen with a polish address , but i doubt that they would do that . 
  nice selective quoting . 
  the quoted part continues ...  in fact , as our german counterpart was later to confirm , any written submission to a finance minister by either greece or the institutions was `` unacceptable '' , as he would then need to table it at the bundestag , thus negating its utility as a negotiating bid . 
  i do n't know how it works in your country , but in germany the finance minister is not in the position to decide things on his own . 
  he has to report to the bundestag , and the bundestag decides how the ministry of finance acts . 
  i want to see a video of his face when the judge tells him that he owes her half of the value the things had before he sawed them in half . 
  ( but the story is most likely bullshit anyway . 
  a good way to earn some money by sawing old things in half ), 
   they go there where they get the most so all asylum seekers are in one eu country ? 
  because there can only be one country where they get the most .
