  fucking guenther oettinger , he 's the eu commissioner for digital economy and society . 
  normally nobody cares what he has to say . 
  he is not involved in the management of the greek crisis either . 
  he 's a sockpuppet that was asked to execute the bluff of the german government . 
  this is still part of the game . 
  if we can redistribute money with means like the structural funds and cohesion fund we should be able to redistribute asylum seekers . 
  and if they sink their boat when they see the eu patrol boats ? 
  the shipmasters of the border patrol boats will not ignore international maritime law . 
  they will rescue the shipwrecked , and as soon as this happens these people are our problem again . 
   if we blocked ships leaving libya this whole situations comes to an end . 
  not possible without violating the sovereignty of libya . 
  you have to stop their boats directly at the coast , preferably before the boat is in the water . 
  if you wait outside of libya they will sink their boat when they see you . 
  and if you do n't want to violate international maritime law you have to rescue them . 
  and you ca n't bring them back to libya without violating the sovereignty of libya . 
  all those easy solutions need us to violate the sovereignty of libya . 
  and 5 minutes later we condemn putin because he violates the sovereignty of ukraine . 
   the trucks are searched and only few migrants manage to cross the channel . 
  in that case i apologize . 
  sincerely . 
  the rest of europe did n't say that they might need help with refugees soon . 
  that 's the point . 
  `` we do n't want to help greece and italy with asylum seekers . 
  that 's not our problem . '', 
  `` if the crisis in ukraine gets worse , can you please help us with asylum seekers from ukraine ? '', 
   it 's extremely short sighted of germany yay . 
  it 's germanys fault again . 
  guess which country hosts the most asylum seekers in the eu . 
  because we are in the middle of europe we could probably deport 95 % of asylum seekers back to countries that have an external eu border . 
   it also outlined should the situation in eastern ukraine continue to deteriorate , other eastern european countries will need assistance from other european union countries to take in refugees from the region . 
  because solidarity is a fucking one way street that goes to eastern europe . 
  great union we have here . 
  so we should concentrate on solving a problem that is orders of magnitudes harder ? 
  we ca n't even artificially create `` real opportunities '' in countries that are n't in constant danger of a default . 
  they wo n't receive welfare in a country if they are n't registered in that country . 
  we already have a eu wide registration system for asylum seekers . 
  it 's the same mix of people . 
  it 's not like the economic migrants stay in italy and only legitimate refugees with papers from syria and eritrea go to germany . 
  and you do n't have to let them roam freely , until they get protective status they do n't have many rights . 
  yeah . 
  and a minute later we complain that russia ignores lines that are just drawn on maps . 
   they 'd be able to deal with their ex boyfriend gaddafi alone . 
  except when they did run out of bombs and had to ask the us for help . 
  oh shut the fuck up , this is a european problem . 
  does poland help the us with illegal immigration from mexico ? 
  and the usa is the country that takes the majority of the unhcr refugees that are resettled . 
  in 2014 they took 48,911 of the 73,008 refugees that actually departed for resettlement . 
   there 's an ass load of africans and most of them do n't qualify as refugees , so they have no right to stay in the eu . 
  as far as i know eu and turkey are currently in the process of ratifying a readmission agreement . 
   force new elections in greece right now like that and watch syriza attain an absolute majority . 
  you do n't understand . 
  we force them to do new elections until we are satisfied with the result . 
  greece does not want to leave the eurozone . 
  that was part of the campaign promises of syriza . 
  ( that might be because they actually know something about the economy of their country ), 
  but he did n't say how much of the debt must be restructured . 
   maybe just 1 euro ? 
  or maybe the 1.54 billion euro they have to pay to the imf at the end of june ? 
  greece wo n't win . 
  there wo n't be a massive restructuring of debt , that wo n't fly with the parliaments of the other ez countries . 
  the most they can expect is 1.54 billion euros , so we can continue with that bullshit for a couple more years . 
  if they can avoid it , greece wo n't leave the eurozone either . 
  but even if they do , that 's not really a win for them . 
  in case of a voluntary grexit , greece loses much more than the ez . 
  and it does n't matter who they blame , they will have to live with the consequences . 
  it probably wo n't . 
  i 'm pretty sure they will find a lose-lose compromise at the very last minute . 
  an emergency payment to greece , so they can pay back the amount that is due at that date . 
  this topic will stay with us . 
  a person stops to be an illegal immigrant as soon as they request asylum . 
  and german courts have stopped dublin deportations to greece years ago . 
  we could probably push that a couple years into the future if we get more harsh on people who do n't require protection or even outright abuse the system . 
  we need faster processing . 
  and we should deport whenever possible , it 's time to stop protecting everyone because there is a chance that they , figuratively speaking , die in a car accident in their home country . 
  there is a massive number of legitimate refugees , so we should concentrate to protect those first . 
  maybe we 'll figure out a solution for all those people , that suddenly forgot from which country they are , as well . 
  because we can handle them . 
  it wo n't be easy , but we can and will make it work . 
  and why would libya accept those eu run refugee camps ? 
   it 's not a crime it 's a violation of the international convention for the safety of life at sea and the international convention on maritime search and rescue . 
  these conventions trump national law . 
  great idea . 
  instead of 500,000 asylum seekers waiting in libya , you now have 500,000 people that pretend to be smugglers . 
  and once the pretend-smugglers got their 100k , they pay ten times the initial amount to a real smuggler . 
  and now the eu has to pay 1 million to smugglers and to pretend-smugglers . 
  and now the pretend-smuggler can pay 100 times the initial amount to a real smuggler . 
  you get the idea ? 
  paying money so someone is not doing something everyone can do , never works . 
  and until we find an answer we distribute them to share the burden . 
   what is the limit to the number of migrants/refugees/immigrants that europe can absorb without serious social consequences , though ? 
  depends on the distribution . 
  nobody in europe will notice 5 million refugees if we distribute them equally . 
  i live in a city with a population of around 20,000 . 
  we currently have 300 refugees in decentralized housing ( i.e. 
  apartments all over the city ) . 
  you wo n't notice them unless you start looking for them . 
   also what jobs are you going to give the millions of unskilled people who will illegally immigrate to europe over the coming years ? 
  we do n't give them jobs , we deport them if we catch them . 
  illegals are not allowed to work , and they are ... well ... illegal . 
   half of these people are economic immigrants then send them home .
