  sad . 
  and countries that were under the influence of the soviet union do n't want russia in their countries , so they asked nato to prevent that . 
  i do n't understand the question . 
  that is not true . 
  they have already decided what colors that brexit will have . 
  still no aryan certificate though . 
  sad . 
  that has to wait until march 2019 though . 
  if you were in a european city that had a terror attack in the last decade you were also in a city that has problems with criminals from central and eastern europe . 
  so you probably met some of those as well . 
  not only brits , most people west of that line . 
  all criminal eastern europeans are either gypsies or ethnic russians . 
  now upboat me . 
  and replacing damaged copper wires with fibre optics will take months . 
  you have to change a whole lot of infrastructure to `` repair '' a copper cable by replacing it with fibre . 
  infrastructure that has lead times measured in months . 
  same in germany . 
  because basically nobody used the old system as everybody had cable or satellite tv . 
  but basically everyone with a car uses fm , and in many cars you ca n't even install a new receiver without losing access to many features of your car . 
   just forbid them to repair the existing one great idea . 
  to increase downtime . 
  if a excavator destroys a cable hundreds of customers have to wait months until their service is restored . 
   there 's clearly a growing favoritism toward russia despite sanctions . 
  please elaborate . 
  the european left-wing has called for more money for language courses and other integration measures for a very long time . 
  especially in the uk . 
  here 's a quote from the 2010 party manifesto of the labour party  we know that migrants who are fluent in english are more likely to work and find it easier to integrate . 
  so as well as making our english test harder , we will ensure it is taken by all applicants before they arrive . 
  the `` former '' leaflets are definitely per country . 
  the composition of the german leaflet is completely different from both the latvian and the french one , which are different from each other as well . 
  and then there 's also a german special fitness leaflet that has a composition that is different from all former three . 
  here are all 4 , i picked the page that had the gymnastics ball : http://imgur.com/a/m9nrm, 
   forex is funded by the eu and is a border protection agency . 
  forex is the global international currency market . 
  you probably mean frontex . 
  which is ( or was ) an agency that was designed ( by the member states ) as a border protection agency that does n't have much competencies outside of keeping statistics of illegal entries and coordinating between the national border protection agencies . 
  it only took a few million illegal entrants until the member states realized that a border protection agency that mainly does statistics ca n't protect borders . 
  so they created the european border and coast guard , which has more responsibilities , but still is miles away from being a border protection agency that can protect the eu borders in a sufficient way . 
   look at how quickly countries erected fences . 
  not quickly at all ? 
  over the course of several years hungary let in hundred thousands of people before they erected their fence . 
  the eu has failed because the individual member states refused to give the eu border protection agency the means to act . 
  the member states designed frontex as an agency that does statistics and coordination . 
  they have 0 law enforcement officers . 
  because having eu personell with weapons in a member state would be an attack on the sovereignty of the membe state . 
  \\ #thisisacoup turns out you ca n't protect the eu borders with office workers who collect data in an office building in warsaw . 
  and for some reason that 's the fault of the eu . 
  -- putin, 
  it was effective because they were willing to kill people who try to cross the border . 
  if the worst punishment for trying to cross the border was to be brought back to their apartment , tens of thousands would have fled every week . 
  if they do n't explicitly charge for payments in foreign currency , they get their money by giving you worse exchange rates . 
  charles schwab does that too . 
  let 's hope that the armed czech that wants to stop the terrorist does n't shoot like crazy . 
  otherwise he might start a chain reaction that kills thousands of innocents . 
   you would need to use a car that is not related to you . 
  do n't give terrorists that steal trucks to commit attacks any ideas . 
  the idea is to have a database with movements of all people . 
  schengen created a surveillance gap in land travel . 
  they used automatic license plate scanners to close the gap for cars . 
  now they close the gap for train and bus travel . 
   you can hold dollars and use it everywhere ( using a card ) obviously . 
  but you have to pay for it . 
  in my case it costs 1.85 % of the total transaction for all payments that are n't in euro . 
  gypsies and ethnic russians . 
   in the meantime , there are already millions in countries near syria who do n't get as much help from us as they could because we blow our money here . 
  because we do n't care when they are n't in our own countries . 
  saying that we do n't have money left is an excuse . 
  there were always refugees who could n't get as much help as they needed . 
  the unhcr always had a funding gap . 
  nobody in the eu gave a fuck about refugees until the refugees decided to come to the eu in large numbers . 
  and even then it took a while until countries that are n't italy or greece started to care . 
  big conspiracy !, 
  sad . 
   why not sue the arab or muslim countries actually neighboring syria that refused them in the first place ? 
  turkey hosts 2.8 million syrians , lebanon a bit over a million , jordan around 650,000 and iraq around 230,000 . 
  the only other country neighboring syria is israel . 
  though i doubt that suing them for not hosting refugees would help . 
  since the name register is kept by each municipality , statistics that cover 90 % of births in germany will only be released in a few months when the register offices have send their lists to the society of the german language . 
  here 's the top 15 of first names from 2015 , the list for 2016 will look very similar : girls : 1 . 
  hanna/hannah 4 . 
  marie 12 . 
  klara/clara 14 . 
  johanna 15 . 
  amelia/am \u00e9lie boys : 1 . 
  louis/luis 7 . 
  elias 9 . 
  felix 10 . 
  paul 12 . 
  jacob/jakob 13 . 
  max 15 . 
  and for that service banks would charge the merchant 3-4 %, 
   either way , merkel killed him , she could at least acknowledge it . 
  and then you want her to attend his funeral ? 
  you must be a horrible person . 
  considering that there are multiple timezones in this photo , it has to be a montage of different photos at least . 
  the british navy currently helps to bring asylum seekers to italy . 
   europe i think you mean \\ / r/europe, 
  such things would never happen in soviet union !, 
  or you could just opt-out . 
   every little thing is made in germany .
