  1,760,000 syrian refugees are in turkey . 
  1,180,000 are in lebanon , 627,000 are in jordan , 248,000 in iraq , 134,000 are in egypt . 
  and around 25,000 are in other north african countries . 
   why should refugees be allowed to stay permanently if the war in their homeland only lasts a few years ? 
  because the aftermath of a war usually lasts many years more ? 
  just because george w. bush holds a speech in front of a * mission accomplished * banner does n't mean that the country is safe again . 
  and what 's the point of sending refugees home that became integrated parts of society ? 
  sorry muhammed , you are from syria , so we have to ask you to close your company that you have build in the last 10 years . 
  please fire all your employees , sell your house and get the fuck out . 
  but yes , refugees usually leave their host country after their country got safe again . 
  it 's on the host country to enforce that . 
  some countries decide that it 's pointless to send tax paying and integrated people home . 
  other countries enforce the end of the asylum status a bit more . 
  if your country takes refugees it can decide if and when it sends them back home . 
  do n't worry , nobody requires you that you grant them citizenship . 
   most european countries are n't responsible for the mess anyway , the americans are thank god we can always blame the us . 
  france and the uk did bombing runs in libya . 
  uk , romania , estonia , bulgaria , denmark , czech republic , latvia , poland , slovakia , lithuania , italy , hungary , netherlands , portugal and spain had troops stationed in iraq . 
  plenty of european governments more or less openly supported the uprisings in syria and other countries . 
  even more europeans cheered for the people that overthrew their despot governments during the arab spring . 
  ( i did as well ), 
   where was this concern when they were debating greek debt ? 
  good question . 
  how much money did romania invest into greece ? 
  how big was romania 's part in the 100 billion haircut ? 
   but do n't bother the rest of us . 
  but please keep sending money from the european structural & investment funds . 
   but the political capital is n't there to do this ... 
  depends on who you ask . 
  of course poland would be against the quota . 
  because they currently get like a sixth of the applicant they would have to take if there would be a quota . 
  sweden would be for the quota . 
  because they get like six to seven times the applicants they would have to take . 
   it is n't going to end well ... what we need to do is take a few steps back and tone the `` hunky dory everyone 's welcome '' attitude down for a few years , allow current immigrants to integrate and settle . 
  at that point we can consider letting in more refugees . 
  that 's not how the un convention works . 
  you ca n't decide if you let in refugees . 
  once they set foot on your soil they can proclaim that they are refugees . 
  and you ca n't do anything against it . 
  you ca n't even fine them for an illegal border crossing . 
  you have to process their application and make sure that they are not threatened before you send them back . 
  but maybe the eu should just ignore human rights and un conventions . 
  what 's good for north korea ca n't be bad for europe . 
  human rights are just too expensive for us . 
   under canada 's system , each year we take ~ 250,000 immigrants that fall into 3 classes : [ ... ] and refugee/humanitarian ( 10 % ) . 
  taking only 25,000 refugees works because you need an airplane to apply for asylum ( the un one , that ca n't be rejected by the host country without investigation to make sure a rejection is safe ) . 
  and you need a flight that does not go via a safe country . 
  if there would be a civil war in the us you would get a massive increase in asylum applicants because you share a land border and so are no longer able choose the number of refugees you want to take . 
  once somebody sets foot on your soil and proclaims that they fall under the un convention regarding refugees , there is not much you can do . 
  you have to process their application and see if you can send them back . 
  you ca n't tell them that your country is full , you ca n't tell them that you wo n't accept them . 
  that 's not how the refugee convention works . 
  you have to figure out if it 's safe to send the applicant back to their home country . 
  if it 's not , it 's your obligation to protect the refugee . 
  unfortunately a huge chunk of these asylum seekers in the eu are actually refugees that need protection from civil war or persecution . 
  so there is not much choice than to grant them protection until their country is safe again . 
  which , in the case of syria , will probably take at least another decade . 
  it 's not sweden 's fault that so many asylum seekers come to europe . 
  they do n't come because sweden invited them . 
  and sweden does not grant refugee rights to every applicant either . 
  otherwise much more than 10 % of the eu applicants would go to sweden . 
  the problem is much more complicated than people in this thread think . 
  you can do that . 
  i do n't want my country to violate un conventions . 
  a bubble in which the eu consists of more countries than the uk and eastern europe . 
  a per citizen quota would reduce the number of asylum applicants in belgium , bulgaria , denmark , germany , greece , italy , cyprus , luxembourg , hungary , malta , netherlands , austria and sweden . 
  if you include efta you could add norway , liechtenstein and switzerland to that list . 
  i 'm too lazy to calculate the numbers for a per gdp quota , but the list will probably get longer ( but without efta countries ) . 
  that 's your argument ? 
  number 30 in the list of countries of origin for asylum seekers ( eu-28 ) in 2014 ? 
  with 4255 applicants from a grand total of 626065 ? 
  there are no refugees because 0.7 % of the applicants were from morocco . 
  case closed . 
  / s since the number of asylum seekers from morocco is so low i ca n't find the protection rate . 
  but i bet it 's below 5 % . 
  you might not know , but not every asylum seeker can stay in europe . 
  we already have them hanging around all day . 
  with the quota we can send them to countries like france , poland , portugal , the czech republic and of course the uk . 
  so we have less hanging around and you have more hanging around . 
  yes they thought about that . 
  it would work similar to the [ dublin regulations ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_regulation ) . 
  once you are registered in a country that is not germany you wo n't be able to get benefits in germany , you wo n't be able to rent an apartment , you wo n't be able to get health insurance , you wo n't be able to work legally . 
  because all this requires that you register with the government . 
  and when you try that they will see that you are registered in a different country . 
  you will be put on a bus that takes you back to the country where you are registered . 
  but shit-tier countries that do n't want to be part of the quota can just treat their refugees very badly . 
  in that case courts will start to stop deportations to these countries . 
  you racist !, 
  you are only allowed to hate economic refugees that do n't have freedom of movement . 
  those east europeans are your brethren . 
  they just want to improve their shitty life . 
  do n't you understand ? 
  and that 's where the quota comes into play . 
  germany takes a percentage of the unregistered refugees that arrive here . 
  the rest will be assigned to another country . 
  they will be registered with that country by the german office . 
  they will be put on a bus that takes other dublin ii refugees back to their registration country . 
  and that 's the end of the story . 
  they wo n't receive welfare in germany . 
  they receive shelter and meals while waiting for their dublin ii deportation .
