  when can i pick it up ? 
  since when is being part of the single market an european value ? 
  the eu cooperates with many countries that are n't part of the single market . 
  no it would n't . 
  at least not more damaging than not appealing . 
  if ireland loses they will say that they tried their best to fight of evil brussels . 
   then you 'd be basing ` eu ' forces in member states , loyal to something other than the country they are based in . . not much change to having british forces in germany , or having german forces in estonia . 
  make the eu army recruit its own soldiers . 
  it would then be german citizen who are deployed as european soldiers . 
  and as reality proves , germany and france will stand by their allies . 
  nobody gives a fuck about peace-time polls . 
  btw , how 's the eastern european military response to france triggering the eu mutual defense clause coming along ? 
  there wo n't be a referendum before triggering a mutual defense clause . 
  health concerns . 
  jerking off makes you blind . 
   `` look !, 
  they hate us !, 
  join our course and you and your children shall be free in europe in near future ! '', 
  if it were n't for these damn nazis you too could drink alcohol and watch porn in public like a good muslim !, 
  it does n't mean anything . 
  these local clashes between drunk nazis and drunk muslims wo n't lead anywhere . 
  that 's not what isis envisioned . 
  there 's a reason isis prefers to blow things up over instigating brawls between drunks . 
  a week from now nobody will care about bautzen any more . 
  in the end the uk has to negotiate with the eu , i.e. 
  27 member states . 
  the uk wo n't get the best deal by having the best negotiators . 
  if the british delays alienate just one of the member states enough there might not be a deal at all . 
  thank you for your service . 
  thought crimes are not prosecuted in the eu . 
  unless these kebab shop owners do something illegal there is n't much the authorities can do . 
  asking someone how much muslim he is and if he 's ready to do everything for it is not illegal . 
  though i doubt that the reforms the uk had in mind ( less freedom of movement , less eu ) can be compared to the reforms the eu has in mind . 
  talk is cheap . 
  they could lead by example . 
  currently the royal navy brings asylum seekers to italy like everyone else . 
  is the eu allowed to attend meetings where the uk discusses its brexit strategy ? 
   you also of course hhave to deport those that dont qualify for asylum , as stated over and over again , but that takes time and at least in germany bureocracy is oveburdened currently there is not that much german bureaucracy involved once an asylum seeker is ausreisepflichtig . 
  the problem is that basically no country wants its citizens back . 
  we successfully bullied the west balkan countries into submission . 
  but that 's where the list of countries that cooperate basically ends . 
  morocco made great attempts to promise better cooperation when de maiziere visited , but they still try everything to not get their people back . 
  surrogate identification papers for morocco are valid for 15 fucking days . 
  if the asylum seeker successfully evades the first attempt of deporting them , the whole bureaucratic mess that takes months starts again . 
  and do n't get me started about the fucking fl\u00fcchtlingsrat who tells asylum seekers the specific dates when authorities plan a mass deportation , so the rejected asylum seekers can hide from authorities . 
  to get that mess under control the eu has to use one voice . 
  and we need frontex as deportation provider for all countries . 
  with frontex aircraft and frontex pilots . 
  quite long , but it covers all of it : http://www.europarl.europa.eu/regdata/etudes/stud/2016/556942/ipol_stu ( 2016 ) 556942_en . pdf, 
  here 's what comes to my mind when i hear poles talking about the muslim invasion : http://i.wp.pl/a/f/jpeg/22901/niemiecka_npd_antypolskie_hasla048_550.jpeg 2009 election poster of the german neonazi party ; `` stop the invasion of poles ! '', 
   if you are a guest , act like one . 
  i always have to laugh a bit if a pole unironically says these slogans that were literally used against poles just a couple years ago . 
   maybe you 're thinking of `` sicherheitspolizei '' which was actually a thing in the third reich and the weimar republic . 
  in the third reich the sicherheitspolizei consisted of kriminalpolizei and the geheime staatspolizei ( the gestapo ) . 
  and once we fucked everyone who tries to mess with us we 'll tell putin that he ca n't fuck with ukraine . 
   but wait - democracy - i thought it was the rule of `` demos '' not everyone who feels like it . 
  be careful . 
  with good bread there comes great responsibility . 
  you have to travel the world and tell everyone how shitty their bread is . 
  i 'm speaking from experience . 
  there 's a reason why it 's called `` reduced vat call rate '' and not `` the germany rebate '' . 
  fun fact : with 53,805 first asylum applications in germany in 2015 , albania came in second behind syria with 158,657 applications . 
  source : [ bamf -- das bundesamt in zahlen ( german , pdf ) page 16 ] ( https://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/publikationen/broschueren/bundesamt-in-zahlen-2015-asyl.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ), 
  but obama called it polish fanta . 
  isis envisioned beer drinking muslims that browse porn on the public wifi in the central town square and then throw bottles and stones at nazis and the police ? 
  quite a downgrade from their vision of hoisting the isis flag on the white house -- disclaimer : i 'm not sure if that 's what the article is about because the washington post accuses me of using ad blockers . 
  which i do n't . 
  where does the `` refugee '' come from ? 
  the case happened in 2014 . 
  she was abused by the partner of her aunt . 
  and her aunt and her grandmother knew that he abused her and did n't do anything . 
  yes . 
  especially east saxony never had a problem with neonazis before merkel `` unleashed the muslim invasion '' . 
  they did n't hate on poles or romanians for stealing their jobs before they switched to hating muslims . 
  it 's clearly the fault of the asylum seekers that these nazis are nazis . 
  you got it . 
  hating jews is okay , because you did n't kill them in the 40s . 
  morocco does n't want them back . 
  as long as you trust bbc articles that are based on german news articles and the official police report . 
  and according to the police report the concerned citizens threw stones at an ambulance to prevent it from reaching the asylum center . 
  just the name for the investigative branch of the police . 
  kriminalpolizei , literally criminal police . 
  as opposed to the schutzpolizei , literally protection police . 
  the latter wear uniforms , criminal police does n't . 
  if your business is registered in estonia you 'll pay the business side of taxes in estonia . 
  your personal income from that business will be taxed at the main place of residence , which is probably the uk . 
  if you import into the eu you have to pay taxes and duties . 
  which depend on country of origin and the imported good . 
  but not on your possession of a e-residency card from estonia . 
  concerned citizens that occasionally shout `` deutschland den deutschen -- ausl\u00e4nder raus '' while throwing stones at emergency vehicles . 
  some of hershey 's products are n't sold as chocolate in the usa either . 
  if you actually look at the package you 'll probably notice that it does n't mention chocolate . 
  american chocolate = bad and totally not real \u2122 chocolate just another case of european supremacy . 
  though the upsetting part of that speech was  `` there are a few stables , and one particularly large one called the eu , where we can steal horses with hungarians , '' https://www.ft.com/content/e825f7f4-74a3-11e6-bf48-b372cdb1043a, 
  unfortunately that 's a general problem of non-natives . 
  a few days ago i read some uk media article ( spammed in the comments of dw articles ) about how oliver welke compared merkel to hitler in the heute show . 
  if you actually listen to what he says one will realize that he criticized the people that blame the whole refugee crisis on merkel . 
  and efta ! = single market . 
  efta is a free trade area consisting of switzerland , norway , iceland and liechtenstein . 
  i doubt that the uk would be satisfied with that .
