  northern europe used x amount of euro to bail out greece . 
  a significant part of that was used to bail out greek banks . 
  so x minus that amount was supposedly returned directly back to banks of northern europe . 
  what would have stopped northern europe to use these ' x minus that ' euro to safe their banks directly ? 
   it 's not about gdp , it 's about a complete collapse of the german financial industry , together with the rest of the core economies . 
  what would have stopped germany from using the money that was used to bail-out greece to bail-out the german banks directly ? 
  same in france , italy , spain , the netherlands and so on . 
  heck , we could have created the same institutions that bailed out greece to bail the core economies out directly . 
   does anyone know if the european parliament or the european commission are working on any measures to prevent wildfires like this ? 
  are there actual policies that can prevent wildfires ? 
   or maybe measures on how to quickly and more efficiently battle wildfires when they appear ? 
  they should have worn less revealing clothes . 
  if nobody can see their skin color they wo n't be attacked . 
   i think you misunderstood , changing the conventions in a way that would not automatically apply the asylum seeker status if you ask for asylum you are an asylum seeker . 
  how can one change that without destroying the holy part of the convention , that asylum can be requested by everyone ? 
  calling asylum seekers something else , or removing their right to ask for asylum also wo n't do jackshit in reality . 
  we ca n't deport them when they do n't have a right to asylum . 
  why should it be easier to deport them if they do n't have a right to request asylum ? 
   or enable us ( aka the west ) to process them elsewhere * . 
  the convention wo n't top you from doing that . 
  if you find a country that is willing to accept them you can literally relocate all asylum seekers to this country . 
  neither the eu-turkey deal nor the australia-png deal is a violation of the convention . 
  i 've read the article for you so you do n't have to :  soft power , a term first coined by the academic joseph nye , is the ability to harness international alliances and shape the preferences of others through a country 's appeal and attraction . 
  --  the index , called the soft power 30 , combines polling in 25 countries and objective digital data to measure a country 's impact . 
  the polling looks at the perceived favourability towards countries . 
   [ ... ]  the index , now in its third year , was compiled by the pr firm portland communications in conjunction with the university of southern california school of public diplomacy . 
  why should they take citizenship of another country if they only plan to stay there temporarily ? 
  fun fact : you do n't take asylum seekers , they come to your country and you then have to deal with them . 
  good . 
  dual citizenship has to die . 
  make up your damn mind . 
  how can you be dutch and british at the same time ? 
  you do n't feel british , you do n't want to be british . 
  until now you never cared about being british . 
  you just want british citizenship for economic reasons , to make your life easier . 
  the eu will sure as hell not do that . 
  but nobody is stopping ireland from doing that . 
  team up with the uk and the v4 and go for it . 
  show us how easy it is to solve the migrant crisis . 
   we all know germany is a mess especially the people that do n't live in germany know that . 
  you can totally remove people who are n't guests from your house too . 
  my wife and i share an apartment . 
  both our names are on the rental contract . 
  when i start to punch my wife she can call the police and they will remove me from my apartment . 
  if she gets a court order i will be banned from entering my apartment again . 
  eu did n't bully canada at all , eu negotiated . 
  that 's also happening with tunisia . 
  we ca n't bully tunisia then travel to minsk to demand that putin stops bullying ukraine . 
  if you change the refugee convention , it wo n't get easier to bring people back . 
  that 's the point . 
  the problem is not the convention . 
  the problem is that we ca n't effectively deport people who are n't eligible for asylum . 
  another problem is that asylum seekers spend why too much time in legal limbo . 
  in the past it has taken us a year to talk to the asylum applicant three times for a grand total of less than 6 hours . 
  with better policies and countries that are willing to cooperate we could return every single non-refugee within days . 
  guess what would happen to the number of abusive asylum applications if we could do that . 
  all that is possible without touching the convention . 
  and a week later we tell putin that he ca n't do that to ukraine . 
  that 's the reason . 
  eu countries are safe by definition . 
  all other countries are on the list because they have produced a significant number of abusive asylum requests . 
  the list is not comprehensive . 
  just because a country is not on the list does n't mean that you have chances to get your asylum request approved . 
  the safe country of origin list is only appended when there 's a significant amount of asylum seekers from that country . 
  that 's why the west balkan countries are there but neither switzerland nor norway . 
  it 's more effective to handle the occasional asylum request from norway than it is to start the bureaucratic and parliamentarian process to give norway the safe country of origin designation . 
  the eu countries are safe countries by definition . 
  as if registering them makes the difference . 
  that 's how the law works in germany . 
  if you are n't accused of a crime like murder or terrorism you wo n't wait for your trial in jail unless a judge believes that you will flee , destroy evidence or influence witnesses . 
  if you are serial offender in certain crimes you 'll also wait for your trial in jail . 
  sexual offences would be such a crime , but as a first offender you will generally be released . 
  there are also practical reasons . 
  there simply are n't enough power lines to transfer significant amounts of electricity from ukraine to france . 
  here in germany people protest power line upgrades that are meant for our own electricity . 
  i doubt that anyone would like power lines so france can import electricity from ukraine . 
  does that mean we can deport germans who misbehave ? 
  but that 's the status quo already . 
  besides the few hundred per year that come via airplane , every single asylum seeker that ends up in germany entered via another eu country . 
  can confirm . 
  german doctors just love it when they are replaced with cheaper doctors from hungary and romania . 
  they love it even more than us it workers who are replaced by h1b workers who work longer hours for less pay . 
  because hungary and romania are both in the eu , so they are basically like bros for german doctors . 
  that 's what legal immigration is for . 
  but you are on the right track , the easiest way to stop economic migrants from coming is to eliminate the pull factors . 
  cut down welfare and opportunities for economic migrants to a level where the better life is in their home countries . 
  such systems that only rely on possession of something have been ruled insufficient . 
  the largest provider of age verification in germany ( x-check ) has three options to verify your age : 1 . log in into your bank account via some java thing that only works on windows 2 . they check your data with credit rating agencies and send you a letter with a pin that you use to unlock your account 3 . you go to the post office , which verifies your identity and sends them to the age check company each one costs a 29.50 $ one time fee . 
  or you just go to youporn and click the `` i 'm 18 '' button . 
  we have mandatory age checks that actually work for porn website in germany as well . 
  though we do n't block sites that do n't provide these checks . 
  which lead to the situation that every german porn website has an age check . 
  basically all of these systems require you to make a one-time payment to verify your age . 
  some can be used on multiple sites . 
  every non-german website can be accessed without such checks . 
  yes of course . 
  each asylum application has to be decided individually , even for people from safe countries . 
  what specific part would you change ? 
  and the refugee convention was designed with the holocaust in mind . 
  millions of refugees was what they had in mind when they came up with the convention .
