  because poles and romanians are no longer foreigners . 
  there are no longer individual countries , everything is europe . 
  and migrant has been redefined to mean `` person from outside of the eu '' . 
   protecting forest is n't `` damage '' . 
  they are not cutting tress for money they are doing it because they cut down diseased trees to not spread tree disease further . 
  so what will happen to the logged wood ? 
  will they throw it into an old mineshaft or will they sell it for profit ? 
  because if you log wood and sell it for profit you are cutting trees for money . 
  if poland would sincerely cut that forest to protect it they should offer to throw the wood into an old mineshaft . 
   eu is sum of it 's parts . 
  we must live and respect each other . 
  respecting each other and keeping silent regardless of what a member is doing are two different things . 
   while they try to make their countries more efficient and less corrupted ? 
  by logging an ancient forest ? 
  why should germany leave the eu ? 
  i do n't see many germans complaining that the eu negatively interferes in how we run our country . 
  poland constantly complains about eu interference . 
  article 50 is one way to stop that . 
  heck , you do n't even have to go all brexit . 
  leave the eu and stay in the customs union and the single market . 
  poles often mention that they wanted to join a trade union , not a political union . 
  poland actually joined a political union . 
  but there are ways to fix that mistake . 
  one more reason for pis to stop it . 
  poland acceded esa in 2012 . 
  it was the previous corrupt government under that communist donald tusk that allowed that . 
  they acceded in 2012 . 
  i do n't get it either . 
  the pull factor are strong economies . 
  believe it or not , but economic migrants primarily come for jobs . 
  not for welfare . 
  but as unskilled people they do n't have a chance to get jobs , and , depending on the country , as economic migrants they do n't even have the right to work . 
  but all they hear from their smugglers is `` germany needs workers . 
  they are waiting for you . 
  work hard and in 5 years you 'll drive a mercedes benz '' . 
  do you know gta iv ? 
  when they talk to their family and countrymen back home they are like roman bellic . 
  everything is awesome here in germany . 
  two women , four hot tubs and fifteen sports cars . 
  in reality they are living in a shitty community apartment that they have to share with someone else . 
  and the welfare they get is sometimes as low as 217 $ in form non-cash benefits . 
  but everything is still awesome for roman bellic . 
  i know . 
  the system will face the same problems like the regular prison system . 
  non-violent people becoming more violent . 
  non-radicalised people becoming radical . 
  on top of that there 'll be a lot of discontent outside of the camps . 
  it 's a very hard problem to deal with . 
  but i 'm not sure in which other way we can reduce the pull factors for economic migrants . 
  and that 's the single most important problem we have to solve . 
  because most of the other problems of the migrant crisis are just symptoms of the movement that is for a large part caused by these pull factors . 
  they know very well that they wo n't be deported if their applications are rejected . 
  they know very well that they will receive welfare even if they have no right to live here . 
  they are not allowed to work . 
  the constitutional court has ruled that you can cut the welfare a little bit . 
  but that wo n't be enough . 
  the more people come the larger the underground support networks get . 
  if the supports networks are big enough you do n't even need welfare to live a comfortable live in germany . 
  we 're probably past that point already . 
  in the end there will be two options left . 
  we either manage to deport effectively , or we detain them until they leave voluntarily . 
   which is why the convention needs to be re-written to fit the 21st century . 
  do you ever wonder why no one who has actual political say demands that ? 
   for millions of years we did n't have such ridiculous bureaucracy regarding deportation for millions of years we did n't even have the concept of deportations . 
  for the most time the concept of borders existed solely for taxation and ownership purposes . 
  immigrants welcome . 
  as long as you pay taxes . 
  and as long as you are willing to fight the occasional war against the country on the other side of the border . 
  if we win the war this country will then be ours , and all these foreigners will be our people . 
  and they will pay taxes . 
  and fight in the occasional war . 
   it 's only the last 70 years that such a counter-productive system has been designed . 
  not coincidentally it has also been around 70 years since germany tried to kill all jews . 
  jews then seeked protection in other countries , but sometimes these countries said `` sorry , we 're full '' and rejected them . 
  switzerland even handed these jewish illegal immigrants over to the german police . 
   get rid of it and lets create a system that actually works for us . 
  you might not like it , but it works exactly as intended . 
  everyone has the right to request asylum , and every country is obligated to grant asylum to people who have an actual right to asylum . 
  that 's exactly the intent of the refugee convention . 
  it 's not meant to `` work for us '' . 
  it 's meant to work for persecuted people . 
  because here 's a convention that `` works for us '' : there is no right to asylum . 
  end of story . 
  that 's probably what you would propose too . 
  let 's face it , the un would never agree to anything similar like the un refugee convention again . 
  it was very smart to create it when the holocaust was still a fresh memory . 
  nobody gives a fuck about refugees . 
  there are more than 22 million refugees in the world . 
  nobody ever talks about them . 
  nobody wants them . 
  that 's why the un refugee convention is important . 
  it gives these 22 million people at least some rights . 
   the developed world has more leverage than it realises . 
  we can change our laws , we can deport people , and we can bend weaker countries to our will and force them to accept their own people back . 
  but the refugee convention does n't stop you from deporting people who do n't qualify for asylum . 
  it does n't stop you from forcing countries to accept their citizens back . 
  as far as i 'm aware it does n't even stop you from catapulting people back into their home countries . 
  there are many other things that prevent us from using gunboat diplomacy , but the refugee convention is n't one of these things . 
  but we 'll lose a lot of soft power if we do use gunboat diplomacy . 
  on the one hand we tell other countries that they should seek peaceful cooperation and diplomacy .
