  but turkey can . 
   a good german would happily and silently freeze to death for his glorious nation . 
  he would complain because it 's not cold enough !, 
  the jews . 
  before august 2015 , merkel was criticized on a weekly basis for not having a vision , for not having own opinions about matters . 
  so called teflon-merkel just followed the polls , she played safe by doing exactly what the people wanted . 
  and now that she has a vision , an opinion it 's considered undemocratic . 
  wait until you realize that syrians make up roughly 20 % of the people that requested asylum in the eu in 2015 . 
  and germany signed a un convention that allows syrians to come to germany . 
  and this my friends , is what happens when you insist to call asylum seekers migrants . 
  to quote the article :  two years ago the conservative peer said he had little sympathy with people who complained that jobs were being taken by ** workers from bulgaria and romania ** who were prepared to work for less money . 
  `` i 'm a free-market economist ; we operate in a free market , '' he told sky news . 
  `` if these people want to come here , and work the hours they are prepared to work for the wages they are prepared to work for , then so be it . '', 
   send military ships into the mediterranean and sink all unregistered boats if they do n't turn around after 15 minutes a warning was given . 
  killing civilians . 
  true european values . 
  just leave the eu . 
  between q2/2014 and q2/15 more than 100,000 people requested asylum in hungary . 
  highest per capita in the eu . 
  where are they ? 
  since hungary cares so much about the rule of law i assume they are still in hungary ? 
   just look at the videos shot around the borders . 
  looks like locust looks like oktoberfest in london . 
  germany did not suspend the dublin regulations . 
  every person the entered the eu via germany will be taken back by german authorities if another eu country requests it . 
  that 's the only mandatory part of the dublin regulations . 
  so we should build a huge wall around germany and let our neighbors deal with the problem ? 
  and what do you do at this point ? 
  do you shoot at them ? 
  or do you imprison them ? 
  tents that house refugees in industrialized countries should probably be called quick assembly halls . 
  the thick and heavy canvas alone makes them better suited for winter than the things people imagine when they hear tent . 
  i know factories with 100 workers that were temporary moved to such a `` tent '' . 
  if people talk about tents to house refugees they usually do n't talk about the 4 person tent you take on your camping trip . 
  these are large tents that will definitely be shared by 20 or more people . 
  here is one such `` tent '' : http://img.welt.de/img/immobilien/crop136136676/8089738790-ci3x2l-w540/fluechtlingsheim-in-muenchen.jpg quick assembly hall would probably be more correct than tent . 
   that is what munich is now doing send them back . 
  seehofer just announced this . 
  they even have threaten merkel with a complaint of unconstitutionality . 
  they will close their borders . 
  is seehofer willing to shoot at refugees ? 
  or how does he want to `` close the border '' ? 
  because he said already what he wants to do . 
  he wants to bring refugees to other states . 
  because that 's how you close the border nowadays . 
  give them a lunch pack and put them in busses and on trains . 
  that 's how hungary did it ( highest number of asylum applications per capita between q2/14 and q2/15 ) , and that 's how bavaria will do it . 
   and yes homeless people get financial support even when they are homeless but they do not get support for finding a living space which refugees do . 
  the same non-government organizations that provide support for refugees provide support for the homeless . 
  next time you see someone homeless , ask them if they went to caritas , diakonie or whatever to request help in finding a place to live . 
  do n't be surprised if the answer is `` i prefer living on the street over bureaucracy '' . 
  no they did n't . 
   that assumes that the uk ceases to be part of the eucu ( which currently includes turkey for example ) so probably not . . 
  i thought one of the reasons to leave the eu was that uk wants to sign trade agreements without interference from brussels . 
  that will be an issue , because ireland has to enforce eu custom rules , which require that everyone and everything that enters the eu has to be checked . 
  as long as only one of the two countries is in the eu the common travel agreement is useless . 
   i do not even know how it must already feel for the many homeless people here who always needed support and never got one . 
  what ? 
  homeless people in germany do n't get support ? 
  if a german citizen in germany is homeless , it 's because they do n't want to face the obligations that come with the support . 
   we are at our limit at least for this year as cold as this sounds but we need time to deal with the current ones here . 
  next year we can open again . 
  you seem to believe that you can switch the stream of asylum applicants on and off . 
  that 's not the case . 
  they do n't stop coming because you say `` we are closed , please come back next year '' . 
  so please tell me what you want to do with people who request asylum while we are closed . 
  i do n't . 
  because plenty people actually believe that there is a choice . 
  you say `` we do n't take in anyone '' , and the asylum seekers magically disappear . 
  the point is that you do n't know who is on your plane . 
  once you are in the terminal you just need a boarding pass to go on any plane you want . 
  i always love when people say `` taking in '' as if asylum seekers are picked somewhere . 
  they appear in your country . 
  then they say `` i request asylum '' . 
  then you are obligated ( because un ~ ~ refugee convention ~ ~ human rights bullshit ) to check their application . 
  and only after you have done that you are able to tell who requires protection according to the un human rights bullshit . 
  and only then you can send economic migrants home . 
  which requires that you figure out their real citizenship . 
  and then you have to contact the authorities of their home country to request papers so you can deport them to this country . 
  and only then you can actually deport them . 
  `` taking in '' my ass . 
  do n't say that too loud , because the average estonian women has 1.52 children . 
  which is just slightly more than the average german women , who has 1.39 children . 
  the replacement level in industrialised countries is 2.1 [ source : eurostate ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:total_fertility_rate,_1960\u20132013_\\ ( live_births_per_woman \\ ) _ yb15.png ), 
  sweden , and many other countries in the eu believe that it would be beneficial for the eu if sweden takes a couple more , so italy and greece have to cope with a lot less . 
  european values ... 
  if you believe that germans did n't have a problem with gazprom-schr\u00f6der you paid very little attention to german media in 2005 . 
  depends on the tent . 
  do n't worry , it wo n't take long and the comment is below the comment score threshold . 
   as someone who is considering becoming an airline pilot i would n't want people on the plane who i do n't know if they are legit or not . 
  in that case you should not work for an airline that does flights from one schengen country to another schengen country . 
  because that 's exactly what happens on most schengen flights . 
  nobody knows who is in the plane because there are n't identity checks at the gate . 
  maybe russia learns that it is in everyone 's interest to treat other countries as sovereign and drop the soviet re-union rhetoric that the russian government seems determined to push . 
  because everyone in eastern europe who today wants to own a bmw , will buy a dacia just because we are no longer in the same union . 
  because a policy that fits estonia and bulgaria , to name the geographical extremes , is very easy to find . 
  they are all in eastern europe , so they naturally all have the same goals , and the same vision about their membership in the eastern european union . 
  of course warsaw will always make the right decision , and nobody in the eastern european union will complain . 
  btw , did you know that warsaw has backed the mandatory refugee quota proposal ? 
   crime would tripple that 's basically what happened in germany in the areas that border poland and the czech republic .
