  anyway , i can tell you how bad the situation is regarding burglary in germany . 
  since you referred to 2 burglaries last year , i 'll use the criminal statistics of germany 2015 . 
  number of suspects of burglary in private houses and apartments ( wohnungseinbruchdiebstahl \u00a7 244 abs . 
  3 stgb , key : 435 \\* 00 in the stat ) : 10,574 germans - 7,096 non-german suspects . 
  of the non germans ( i skipped all countries with less than 100 suspects ) : - 505 from albania - 184 algeria - 210 bosnia and herzegovina - 158 bulgaria - 455 georgia - 197 italy - 299 kosovo - 237 croatia - 119 lithuania - 191 morocco - 500 poland - 769 romania - 804 serbia - 563 turkey for the sake of completeness : - 33 from afghanistan - 2 from eritrea - 44 from iraq - 72 from syria and i 'm very sure that the `` migrants '' wo n't pass the suspects from fellow eu countries in the 2016 statistics either . 
  ----- source : https://www.bka.de/de/aktuelleinformationen/statistikenlagebilder/polizeilichekriminalstatistik/pks2015/standardtabellen/standardtabellentatverdaechtige.html?nn=51356 ( table 62 ), 
  what eu regulation should be changed ? 
  the bail-in rules that became effective on january 1 , 2016 ? 
   how is it fair for germans to come into romania as they please , buy whatever they want and romanians are not even allowed to travel into other eu countries without proper paperwork and visas as a eu citizen you need to have a national id card or a passport to enter the schengen area . 
  and you do n't even have to go through customs . 
   and need to live there for 5 years before becoming a citizen ? 
  all foreigners who want to become german citizens have to live in germany for 8 years . 
  we do n't have anti-romanian laws . 
  because that would be a violation of eu law . 
   while buying something apparently involves no living in the country at all ? 
  a guy from bulgaria owns a couple houses with a dozen apartments in my town . 
  he comes here maybe twice a year . 
  he makes use of getting paid high rents in germany while him and his family enjoy cheaper life in bulgaria . 
  eu law allows this . 
   what qualifies someone to buy a piece of land or crossing a border though ? 
  in that case , citizenship of a eu country . 
  and the increase is linked to foreign gangs from poorer eu countries . 
  so you suggest we abolish the eu because it comes with some bad consequences ? 
  let 's harm the 99 % that are n't criminals instead of increasing police presence to fight these criminals . 
  romania has laws against illegal logging . 
  they should enforce them to the full extent . 
  then it does n't matter if the forest is owned by a romanian , a german or a dane . 
  it 's because of the chlorine in your chlorh\u00fchnchen . 
  at least thats what the anti-ttip fold told me . 
  mexican, 
  would n't it be the first time that the new regulations are used ? 
  more sovereignty . 
  as long as you are part of the single market you ca n't control immigration of eu/eea/switzerland citizens . 
  and you ca n't enact product safety standards that are lower than the minimum eu safety rules . 
  or adopt higher standards unilaterally . 
   will the eu army have mandatory english lessons ? 
  why not ? 
  most eu armies already have voluntary english training . 
  because english is the language used in nato . 
  and most eu countries are actually nato members . 
  english is also used on un missions , and even more eu countries participate in these . 
  english is also used when units from different countries train together outside of the nato context . 
  nothing will change regarding the language . 
  the armies of the eu already train together . 
  they are deployed together . 
  and believe it or not , they actually communicate together . 
  learning english is mandatory in many eu countries . 
  in the eu , 94 % of the students in general upper education learn english . 
  the rules are a lot more complex than that . 
  not that different . 
  what are you suggesting ? 
  crippling the eu economy by enacting a total embargo against russia ? 
  or sending the eu battlegroup to ukraine to fight against russia ? 
  there 's literally dozens of them !, 
  maybe even less !, 
  you misunderstood that . 
  it 's just coincidence that the 1.1 million from the asylum statistics similar to the 1.1 million from the migration statistics . 
  the destatis one , is about total migration , it includes all foreigners who moved to germany , regardless the reason . 
  among these 2 million migrants were 686,000 eu citizens ( sans germans ) . 
  these numbers should not contain the people registered in the easy system . 
  otherwise the net migration of 1.1 million people would only contain asylum seekers . 
  but net migration among eu citizens alone was 382,000 in 2015 . 
  i 'm too lazy to check it now , but i would assume the 2 million number contains the people that officially registered asylum ( 478,000 in 2015 ), 
   last year 's tally was 1.1 mil ( around 2 million arrived , but around 900k of them were from balkan countries with zero chance of approval who returned to their homes before the end of the year ) . 
  where do you get these numbers from ? 
  every single asylum seeker is counted in that 1.1 million . 
  even those from balkan countries . 
  1,091,894 people were registered in the easy-system . 
  the easy system regulates the distribution of asylum seekers among the german states . 
  of these 1.1 million , 428,468 were registered as syrian , 154,046 as afghan , 121,662 from iraq . 
  there were also 69,426 from albania and 33,049 from kosovo . 
  https://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/meldungen/de/2016/201610106-asylgeschaeftsstatistik-dezember.html and from january till august 2016 , germany registered 256,567 people in the easy-system . 
  http://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/meldungen/de/2016/20160909-asylgeschaeftsstatistik-august.html?nn=1367522 the easy numbers represent the asylum seekers that entered germany ; however , some asylum seekers are registered multiple times . 
  since it can ( and will ) take months between entering germany and officially registering asylum you ca n't mix the numbers from the easy system together with the numbers of asylum requests , or even the numbers of asylum decisions . 
  for comparison , in 2015 , 476,649 people applied for asylum . 
  and there were 282,726 decision . 
  si si . 
  because the target was n't the car of frauke petry . 
  and you are lynching negroes !, 
   how much energy do we produce with gas ? 
  thats right , zero . 
  so the wikipedia list is wrong ? 
  as she said in her letter . 
   `` frauen schadet man gern mit ger\u00fcchten \u00fcber sex '' roughly : `` you damage women with gossip about sex '' ( not sure how to translate the gern in this case ), 
  unless you imported the product yourself from a third country , the seller is responsible for your warranty claims . 
  and you are covered by the 24 month guarantee . 
  if someone sells you something in the eu , you are covered . 
  otherwise all companies would just have a logistics center inside the eu and they would sell your stuff from outside the eu . 
  this only applies to consumers , not to business to business transactions . 
  ----- be warned : these are your rights , but you might have problems enforcing them . 
  the ones on the mdr page are even better . 
  people talking about gleichschaltung because all mainstream media in germany report about the attack in dresden . 
  people believing that this is a false flag operation by the government so they can use the police to keep critics of the reunification away from the celebrations on monday . 
  it 's also very shameful that the media reports like this about saxony and dresden . 
  nothing happened . 
  just a bit of soot on the walls . 
  why are you reporting about this ? 
  it was the left because they want to destroy pegida . 
  everyone talks about the right . 
  but what about the left ?
