  so if you would be the police president . 
  would you reject 100 police officers reinforcement that could do exactly what you would need in a situation like in cologne ? 
  his wrong judgement has probably caused more crimes by the same people . 
  his wrong judgement has caused more victims . 
  his wrong judgement has prevented the arrest of suspects . 
  but keep blaming merkel . 
  in that night the state police offered 100 police officers as reinforcements after they heard about the situation in cologne . 
  he refused that offer . 
  these additional police officers do n't have to be violent . 
  but they can deter further crime . 
  and if you value the persecution of criminals higher than an no-violence stance they can also make arrests . 
  the state police is basically trained to arrest people who hide in large groups . 
  it is however his fault for rejecting the 3 platoons ( \u00e0 38 police officers ) reinforcement that were offered by the state police after they heard about the situation in cologne . 
  so which politician refused the 3 platoons ( \u00e0 38 police officers ) reinforcement that were offered by the state police after they heard about the situation in cologne ? 
  ^ ^ [ source ] ( http://www.sueddeutsche.de/panorama/silvesternacht-koelner-polizeipraesident-albers-in-einstweiligen-ruhestand-versetzt-1.2810794-2 ) let me guess , it was merkel . 
  have you asked the bbc ? 
  we could declare the uk our papua new guinea . 
  they are not in schengen , so people with refugee status wo n't be able to come to the continent . 
   i 'm just wondering why many ppl here apparently think that non-german criminals should be treated differently than german criminals ? 
  the other way around . 
  we have to treat germans differently because we ca n't deport them . 
  would be great if we could deport germans too . 
   all applications from there are automatically rejected . 
  the eu ( and the unhcr ) does n't allow this . 
  even asylum applications from safe countries of origin have to be assessed individually . 
  in cases where the applicant is citizen of a safe country of origin , the applicants have to prove that and why it 's unsafe for them personally in their home country . 
  if they ca n't prove that , their cases can be deemed unfounded rather quickly . 
   i assume then that germany etc. 
  does n't just reject all applications out of hand if they 're actually from kosovo . 
  why not ? 
  judging by the asylum decisions , kosovo is as safe as serbia . 
  germany decided on 29801 asylum applications from kosovars in 2015 . 
  13 of them received asylum . 
  similar numbers for other west balkan countries . 
  albania 35721 decisions , 7 asylum . 
  serbia 22341 decisions , 4 asylum . 
  macdeonia 8245 decisions , 23 of them received asylum . 
  that all serbs that request asylum are in fact kosovars is just another variant of the true scotsman . 
  similar to the famous `` these are n't romanians , these are gypsies '' . 
  so the same politicians that implemented the minimum wage , created a massive influx of refugees , so they can remove the minimum wage again ? 
  minimum wage was implemented by the current government . 
  and because the government does n't actually want minimum wage , the employment minister [ says ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/wirtschaft/soziales/mindestlohn-andrea-nahles-fordert-erhoehung-fuer-2017-a-1069983.html ) that the minimum wage should be increased in 2017 . 
  how does this makes sense ? 
  and by the way , most people who got a wage increase after the minimum wage was implemented do n't work for corporations . 
  the majority of them work for small business , many of them family owned . 
  bakeries , hair dressers , taxi drivers and so one . 
  so what would you suggest ? 
  we give them a new boat ? 
  so they can sink that one , and we give them a new boat ? 
  and then they sink that one and we give them a new boat ? 
  or should we bring them to papua new guinea ? 
  the islands we have are all eu soil . 
  which means asylum seekers can request asylum in the eu . 
  which means that their applications have to be processed by the eu . 
  and the people that require protection according to the un refugee convention will get asylum . 
  current acceptance quota is around 45 % . 
  so 45 % of the people we bring to that island would get asylum in that eu country . 
  and once they have asylum , they can move freely in that country . 
  the australian solution works because papua new guinea is not australia . 
  throw them into jail , deport them upon release . 
  and unlimited schengen ban . 
  deportation alone does n't sound like the proper punishment . 
  and not deporting them because they might reenter is even more absurd . 
   and for some even the first foreigner . 
  basically every single german has seen foreigners by 1951 . 
  most of these foreigners were armed though . 
  that 's not what australia does . 
  australia does not bring asylum seekers to australian islands . 
  they bring them to papua new guinea . 
  which is an independent country . 
  it 's pretty pointless to bring legitimate refugees to your own islands . 
  because according to the un refugee convention , you can not stop refugees from moving freely in your country . 
  we do n't have a papua new guinea . 
  you must have missed the part about european values . 
  registering asylum seekers wo n't bring down the numbers . 
  not if they can still leave the country . 
  hungary registered 200,000 people in the 12 months before october 2015 . 
  basically none of them stayed in hungary . 
  registering them in hungary was totally pointless . 
  and processing them in greek camps wo n't necessarily bring down the numbers either . 
  because they know that after the greek camp , they 'll enter a lottery where every fourth ticket gives them the jackpot , i.e. 
  relocation to germany . 
  and that 's with the current relocation proposal . 
  i can pretty much guarantee that there wo n't be many countries who would agree to a permanent relocation policy . 
  so the actual chances for winning the jackpot will be even higher . 
  i think it 's unrealistic that a frontex deportation force would be much more successful than individual countries . 
  but let 's assume that works , and only people who have a chance for asylum enter the eu . 
  current acceptance quota is around 50 % . 
  so we would cut the current stream in half . 
  and since the smugglers have the capacities for twice that amount , they will do what every capitalist does . 
  bring down the prices a bit to get more customers than the smuggler next door . 
  which will then increase the flow again . 
  there are still millions of people who would receive asylum if they request it in the eu . 
  and their incentive stays the same . 
  no amount of registering and processing in greece will change that . 
   you can pay turkey to shoot migrants if you dont want to do it yourself . 
  but the flow of migrants wont stop until we remove the incentive for them to come to europe . 
    having turkish soldiers rather than greece ones shoot migrants isnt progress at all . 
  why should they shoot them ? 
  frontex catches them , then they get deported back to turkey .
