  that 's the actual controversial part . 
  and if the same entity that can dismiss judges before their tenure ends can select new judges you can totally influence the court . 
  not directly of course , but by the eternal threat of dismissal if you do n't act in the interest of the party . 
  there 's also distributors and retailers in the chain . 
  i would bet that eastern european distributors and retailers actually buy the products they are selling for less than their german counterparts . 
  i thought judges are controlled from brussels ? 
  anyway , so the only way to make the judiciary more independent is to dismiss the evil communist judges to replace them with party-loyal members . 
  the seizure of power is just a totally coincidental side effect . 
  supreme court members resign , retire or die . 
  they are n't dismissed by the justice minister because they are all communists . 
  you left out the part where judges can be dismissed without reason . 
  and the part where 83 judges will be dismissed automatically when the bill becomes law . 
  so they can be replaced with party-loyal judges . 
   the eu does not like this because judges ( indirectly ) elected by the people are n't as easy to control . 
  yeah . 
  that 's totally the concern of the eu . 
  because the eu totally controls judges in other countries . 
  the actual concern is that the ruling party will dismiss unloyal judges to replace them with judges that are loyal to the party . 
  which will then rule in favor of the ruling party , otherwise they are the ones that will be dismissed . 
  the judiciary should not depend on the results of the last general election . 
  separation of powers becomes a farce if the judiciary is chosen according to loyalty to the ruling party . 
  because actually merkel only welcomed the syrian asylum seekers that were already in greece and hungary . 
  that 's why she said `` we wo n't apply the dublin regulations for syrian citizens '' instead of `` everyone , please come to germany '' . 
  how long until the turkish state seizes the turkish operations of these companies ? 
  `` no problem , the previous government did the same '', 
  i tell you a secret . 
  according to the german lebensmittelbuch , fish sticks have to contain at least 65 % fish . 
  that 's why fish sticks sold in germany contain roughly 65 % fish . 
  we could play that game too . 
  even if we ca n't imprison them because we ca n't prove that they actually committed these crimes . 
  if they accuse themselves of being a murder or a serial rapist they are an obvious danger to public safety , and have to be locked away until they can be returned to their home country . 
  we 'll need to come up with a lot more fancy technology to be able to provide the capacities of mass transit with point to point connections between origin and destination of the trip . 
  an elevator that can move sideways is probably not one of that technologies . 
  how about making reforms that make it impossible for governments , including the current government , to place party-loyal judges ? 
  so they can finally have that fair and free system and do n't have to repeat the eternal `` it 's okay that they seize power , the previous government did the same '' after the next election . 
  a euroenthusiastic society that wants to get rid of the rule of law , one of the founding principles of the eu . 
  if they insist on turning their country into the turkey of eastern europe i prefer that they do it outside of the eu . 
  yep . 
  accepting rules that are n't wanted by the population has consequences . 
  allowing eastern europe to participate in freedom of movement is why the uk is leaving . 
  1.6 million people live in manhattan . 
  it is said that the population doubles during daytime due to all the commuters that work in manhattan but live elsewhere . 
  how many of these individual elevator cabins do you want to have ? 
  here 's an idea . 
  make the elevators bigger so they can transport hundreds of people per cabin . 
  then let them travel on fixed routes and people can enter and leave the elevator cabin at an elevator station that is close to their home and work . 
  make the elevator cabins move every few minutes . 
  then call that whole thing the new york city subway . 
  and among other eastern european governments , the previous polish government actually voted for the plan to resettle refugees from italy , greece and hungary . 
   poland , which had opposed the proposal , voted for it . 
    http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34329825, 
  they put only these 4 categories there because they have limited space . 
  the fields you mentioned fall into the category of social science . 
  the only reason why you believe that social science must be included under healthcare and welfare is because you ca n't accept that the gender gap towards woman is larger in education and healthcare than in social science . 
  here 's the graph from the eurostat that shows all fields : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/f/f1/distribution_of_tertiary_graduates_by_field_and_sex%2c_eu-28%2c_2015_%28%25%29_yb17.png, 
  judging from your submission history you seem to be interested in these fields as well . 
  so why are these fields useless ? 
  threads you created on reddit : - why is eugenetics demonized ? 
  - should killing a dog that barks all day long be legal , or at least justifiable ? 
  - what do you think about afrocentrism ? 
  - should military forbid women from enroll ? 
  - should women be forbidden from army ? 
  nurses and secretaries excluded of course . 
  - do you have the same breakfast everyday or almost everyday ? 
  if so , what do you eat and why do n't you change ? 
  - what could be a good punishment for women falsely accusing men of rape ? 
  - why are requirements needed to adopt a kid , but not to make one naturally ? 
  - what 's your strangest fetish ? 
  you have that backwards . 
  the eu dies the moment members can ignore eu regulation and court rulings without consequences . 
  i also have to laugh at `` it 's not a fine if you do n't pay it '' . 
  you must not have a lot of life experience . 
  you know why germany does n't do that ? 
  because germany does n't want asylum seekers . 
  that 's also why germany never invited them . 
  apart from the 60,000 that were resettled from unhcr camps , and they were actually flown to germany . 
  not only ngos . 
  the same should be done for european navies . 
  every country drops off rescued asylum seekers in italy . 
  then the very same countries say `` not our problem , they are in italy '' . 
  the echr has jurisdiction over every european country except belarus . 
   there are already few hundred thousand ukrainians working in poland and they do n't seem that eager to move away to some richer countries . 
  because they prefer a legal life in poland over being a rejected asylum seeker in ukraine . 
  since ukrainians are n't persecuted they wo n't receive asylum . 
  and unlike tunisia and many others , ukraine actually takes their citizen back if their asylum request are rejected . 
  more than a hundred thousand poles move to germany each year , realistically ukrainians would do the same if they would have the chance . 
  people do n't accept it as a currency . 
  they accept it as a way to transfer money . 
  bitcoin is more like paypal than a real currency . 
  how many shops do you know that calculate their prices in bitcoin and do n't just infer the bitcoin price from the euro/dollar price via its exchange rate ? 
  it was a pole who suggested that poland intents to build a fence . 
  you wanted to build the fence . 
  you are going to pay for it . 
   nope , the resident permit allows movement withing the schengen area . 
  pretty much every source i can find confirms this . 
  because up until now schengen members did n't issue residence permits with the sole intent to make them leave the country . 
  the law allows schengen members to reject asylum seekers with italian residence permits right at the border . 
  according to the [ schengen border code ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=celex%3a32016r0399 ) these are the requirements for third-country nationals to enter a schengen member . 
   article 6   * entry conditions for third-country nationals *   1 \\ . 
  for intended stays on the territory of the member states of a duration of no more than 90 days in any 180-day period , which entails considering the 180-day period preceding each day of stay , the entry conditions for third-country nationals shall be the following :   - ( a ) they are in possession of a valid travel document entitling the holder to cross the border satisfying the following criteria :  - - ( i ) its validity shall extend at least three months after the intended date of departure from the territory of the member states .
