  and if he decides to not sue in these 10 business days , the video comes back up . 
  and media will report that the banned video is finally available on youtube again . 
  but yeah , fancy american lawyer who specializes in ip litigation is the real deal . 
  ** some ** members of the rundfunkrat are also members of the state parliament . 
  great idea . 
  and once we have 24 % of the population below the 60 % poverty line we will build a wall and make them pay for it . 
  yet only very few asylum seekers have arrived in germany in the last days . 
  almost like it 's not up to merkel to decide how many asylum seekers enter the schengen zone in slovenia and hungary . 
   instead , there has been zero political pressure , zero media pressure , and therefore zero public pressure . 
  so much for environmentally conscious germany . 
  the german media does no more than dutifully report every scandal abroad -- as if it 's somehow a foreign story . 
  i must have read different newspapers . 
  [ zeit.de -- vw customers in europe come away empty-handed ( in german ) ] ( http://www.zeit.de/wirtschaft/unternehmen/2016-01/volkswagen-vw-gutscheine-kunden-eu-abgasskandal ) [ focus -- vw treats its us cusomters more generous than germans ( in german ) ] ( http://www.focus.de/auto/news/abgas-skandal/abgas-skandal-vw-behandelt-seine-us-kunden-grosszuegiger-als-die-in-deutschland_id_5229136.html ) there are also plenty of articles that have criticized the government , the eu and vw . 
  --  there have been no calls for criminal prosecution of anyone at vw in germany , while the korean prosecutors are raiding vw headquarters . 
  huh , those foreigners have a problem with our cars ? 
  maybe it 's because german prosecutors raided the vw headquarters last year already ? 
   police have raided volkswagen 's headquarters in germany as part of an investigation into the diesel emissions scandal that has rocked the company . 
    http://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/oct/08/german-prosecutors-raids-vw-offices-in-emissions-inquiry -- the reason why german vw owners get less is pretty easy . 
  our law does n't know class action lawsuits . 
  and in germany you wo n't get thousands of euros in damages for pain and suffering because you feel cheated . 
  courts do n't grant large sums in damages . 
  if you sue vw in germany the court will make vw fix your car so it conforms to what was promised . 
  and vw will do that without going to court . 
  and how would the crime rate of european countries look if we exclude unsafe neighborhoods in european cities ? 
  i bet that no matter how many areas you remove from the us , europe would still be safer if you removed areas of the same size ( population wise ) . 
  close the land borders to italy . 
  the members with external borders should accept their fate of being refugee camps for the rest of the bloc . 
  like it is done in a proper union where merkel is n't in control . 
  the difference to north korean defectors is that the vast majority of the returnees from syria and iraq return because their life is not as good as they imagined before they left . 
  they return because they thought they could murder people , but now they have to clean all day . 
  or they return because they fear that they will get killed . 
  they do n't return because they have realized that they were following a shitty ideology . 
  no matter what their attorney makes them say in front of the court . 
  they went to syria and iraq to murder people or to get training for committing terror attacks . 
  they have to start their reintegration procedures during their 10 year jail sentence . 
  unfortunately the current laws make it hard to prove their crimes . 
  if they did n't brag on twitter , you 'll have a hard time finding evidence that they were a member of isis , or that they prepared a violent offence against the state . 
  it 's time that we create laws that make it illegal to travel to certain countries without getting a permit . 
  1.17 million views right now . 
  when i watched it this morning , after german news started to reported about the incident , it had a million views less . 
  the article does n't mention terror once . 
  it 's not about anti-terrorist measure . 
  it 's not about the incapabilities of the european intelligence community . 
  the article however mentions the baltics and montenegro . 
  the former should not be part of nato because their mere existence might drag the united states into an armed conflict that has nothing or very little to do with america 's own safety . 
  and the latter should not be part of nato because it ca n't contribute to the safety of the united states . 
  or to say it in other terms , they leech off the security the united states provides , without providing anything meaningful in return . 
   the absurdity of nato in the twenty-first century may have reached its zenith in february 2016 when , with washington 's enthusiastic backing , the alliance admitted tiny montenegro as a member . 
  in the post -- world war ii decade , when the united states broke with its traditional noninterventionist policy , proponents of the new approach argued that alliances would enhance america 's security . 
  how a microstate like montenegro could augment america 's already vast military power and economic strength would seem to be a great mystery . 
   but at least montenegro does not have any great-power enemies . 
  the same could not be said of three other small members , the baltic republics of estonia , latvia and lithuania , which were admitted a decade ago . 
  they are on frosty terms with russia , and a leading think-tank study indicates they are so vulnerable that russian forces could overrun them in a matter of days . 
  so , we have gone from an alliance commitment to protect crucial economic and strategic players against an ominous totalitarian superpower to putting america 's credibility , and perhaps its very existence , on the line to protect a collection of tiny players on russia 's border . 
  i am specifically talking about the invasion of afghanistan and the decades that have and will follow that military action . 
  i argue that during 67 years of nato , article 5 has been invoked only a single time . 
  by the united states of america . 
  not by pacifist nato-leeches that want to entangle the united states in an armed conflict . 
  history has shown that nato is mutual . 
  even pacifist nato-leech numero uno , germany , contributed way more than everyone would have expected before 2001 . 
   but unlike facebook , military alliances are deadly serious enterprises . 
  nato , with its article 5 commitment pledging that an attack on one member will be considered an attack on all , could easily entangle the united states in an armed conflict that has little or nothing to do with america 's own security . 
  that would be horrible . 
  thank god that afghanistan attacked the ~ ~ whole ~ ~ free world on 9/11 . 
  otherwise one could argue that the united states entangled europe in an armed conflict that had little or nothing to do with europe 's own security . 
  -- and btw :  at the drafting of article 5 in the late 1940s , there was consensus on the principle of mutual assistance , but fundamental disagreement on the modalities of implementing this commitment . 
  the european participants wanted to ensure that the united states would automatically come to their assistance should one of the signatories come under attack ; the united states did not want to make such a pledge and obtained that this be reflected in the wording of article 5 . 
    http://www.nato.int/cps/is/natohq/topics_110496.htm, 
   i think its mostly down to people getting sick of the politicians touching around subjects instead of saying what they really think . 
  and by that you mean that they have a different opinion than a very loud part of the electorate . 
  people who have a different opinion are controlled by a higher power who dictates what they have to say . 
  or they are simply too stupid to see the truth \u2122 . 
  lucky you , they are a private company . 
  a subsidiary of a subsidiary of french transdev . 
  for the people who understand german : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xiodiq-uziq, 
  so you are only fine with dragnet surveillance if it does n't affect the important stuff that you communicate with your closest friends . 
  or in english : http://www.dw.com/en/report-turkey-summons-german-ambassador-over-satirical-song/a-19147253, 
  that would be the opposite of dissolving small countries . 
  would be nice if the brexit crowd would have an idea how the post-brexit relations of the uk should look like . 
  honestly , i would n't even be surprised if freedom of movement stays because politicians decide that they want to stay part of the eea . 
  which would be the most hilarious outcome . 
  when was the last time the eiffel tower showed the egyptian or even just turkish flag after they had a terrorist attack ? 
  the sad reality is that europeans do n't give a fuck about people who are n't european . 
  so all these egyptians have no value , they are just a liability . 
  he could n't get a visa for cyprus ? 
  airlines do n't allow you to board eu-bound flights if you do n't have a valid visa . 
  so what will be the travel model post-brexit ? 
  every eu citizen requires a visa and a thorough background check to enter the uk ? 
  and you are arguing that the uk does n't have control over its border because eu freedom of movement rules require that murderers are let in . 
  so how come that the uk has denied entry to 6000 eu citizens since 2010 ? 
   treaty on the functioning of the european union   article 45   ( ex article 39 tec )   1 . 
  freedom of movement for workers shall be secured within the union . 
  such freedom of movement shall entail the abolition of any discrimination based on nationality between workers of the member states as regards employment , remuneration and other conditions of work and employment . 
  it shall entail the right , ** subject to limitations justified on grounds of public policy , public security or public health ** :   ( a ) to accept offers of employment actually made ;   ( b ) to move freely within the territory of member states for this purpose ;   ( c ) to stay in a member state for the purpose of employment in accordance with the provisions governing the employment of nationals of that state laid down by law , regulation or administrative action ;   ( d ) to remain in the territory of a member state after having been employed in that state , subject to conditions which shall be embodied in regulations to be drawn up by the commission . 
  it 's not random , because the bullets were fired to kill the person that was killed . 
  killing your `` opponents '' is not the only way to form a majority . 
  if 2 million germans move to latvia , germans will be the majority . 
  the only way to defend our european values is to destroy them . 
  did you make more than 1200 $ with pizza delivery ? 
  what did you expect ?
