  greek security experts believe that opening the border with turkey would lead to an even stronger rush . 
  this would lead to a dramatic increase in the number of refugees in the direction of western europe via the balkan route , said an officer of the coast guard to the dpa . 
    --   two boats capsized before lesbos   according to greek media reports , on saturday boats in the aegean sea were involved in accidents again . 
  two refugee boats capsized near lesbos . 
  turkish fishermen were able to save two initially missing refugees . 
  rescue teams and fishermen searched for other survivors . 
  35 people were rescued from the floods , reported state radio . 
  in the last two days 48 people , among them 31 children , were killed in the aegean . 
    this means that in the first ten months in 2015 already 3,329 refugees drowned in the mediterranean sea , more than in the entire year 2014 ( 3,279 deaths ) , announced the international organization for migration . 
  according to them , since january 724,228 migrants reached europe via the mediterranean sea . 
    members and sympathizers of the communist party of greece ( kke ) protested on saturday with two large banners on the wall of the acropolis against the refugee policy : `` stop this crime now '' is written on it . 
  the communists make the eu and nato responsible for the deaths in the aegean sea . 
    within 24 hours nearly 8,700 refugees and migrants from the aegean islands have arrived in the greek port of piraeus . 
  on saturday morning , two ferries brought 2,682 people from the islands of lesbos and chios , announced the coast guard . 
  accordingly , there were more than 6,000 on friday . 
  the majority of the people want to travel to western europe . 
  they are not only fans . 
  they are like a sect , a well connected sect . 
  they call themselves beliebers for a reason . 
  and they really love their death threats against anyone who they perceive as a threat to bieber . 
  no matter if 12 year old girls or internationally renowned celebrities . 
  pure madness . 
  what a whiny little bitch . 
  but at least he has his private jet to escape from all these gruesome teens . 
  i 've posted that last night in a different thread . 
  it fits this one as well : germany does n't really want refugees . 
  you can see that because we did n't care when greece and italy were alone with the crisis for years . 
  if germany wanted these people we would have gotten them long ago . 
  the refugee crisis just happened . 
  there is no secret plan to get workers to germany . 
  if someone says `` it helps counter the demographic change '' and `` we need workers '' they want to look at the crisis in a positive way . 
  if germany wanted to import workers we could get them much cheaper in the eu . 
  a few thousand euro for moving expenses , a language course and the first two months of rent for an apartment and germany could pick the hundred-thousand best unemployed people from everywhere in the eu . 
  and literally none of these people would require any welfare after that . 
  none of them would cause any trouble . 
  they would all be pretty happy and they would be on their way to become well-integrated germans in the future . 
  we would n't have to close borders . 
  we would n't have to push for eu solutions that are n't liked by other countries . 
  and on top of that it would cost us way less than 16 billion euro . 
  now we get more people than we can handle . 
  and the majority of them do n't have valuable skills . 
  many do n't even have a basic education so we ca n't even teach them these valuable skills . 
  and we get people that bring 12 year old kids that tell female teachers that they wo n't listen to women . 
  we allow them to be here for humanitarian reasons . 
  not because we want to counter the demographic change . 
  if you follow the safety rules , pyros are safe , even indoors . 
  and if you do n't follow the rules , you will just ignore such a ban as well . 
  it comes down to the safety inspectors . 
  if they do n't inspect thoroughly nothing will change . 
  most municipalities are constantly broke . 
  they ca n't `` just use taxes '' , because these taxes are already used for things that appear more important than safety inspections . 
  smoke detectors are a pain in the ass in party locations . 
  it would suffice to require flame-retardant materials and emergency exits . 
  add fire extinguishers at every manned station and you have a club where such things wo n't happen . 
  too scary . 
  yep . 
  i work with a group that organizes similar sized events . 
  we often complain about the inspectors and their anal enforcement of the safety regulations . 
  accidents like that show how important these rules are . 
  if germans need help they can request that help . 
  that 's why we have a welfare system . 
  not a single german citizens gets refused help just because we help asylum seekers and refugees as well . 
   thats about 16k per person with 1m people . 
  16 billion euro are for 1.2 million people . 
   germany wanted these people tho , they need workers because birth rates are the lowest in the world and someday they want to retire ... wrong . 
  germany does n't really want refugees . 
  you can see that how we did n't care when greece and italy were alone with the crisis for years . 
  if germany wanted these people we would have gotten them long ago . 
  the refugee crisis just happened . 
  there is no secret plan to get workers to germany . 
  if someone says `` it helps counter the demographic change '' they want to look at the crisis in a positive way . 
  if germany wants to import workers they can get them much cheaper in the eu . 
  a few thousand euro for moving expenses , a language course and the first two months of rent for an apartment and germany could pick the hundred-thousand best unemployed people from everywhere in the eu . 
  and literally none of these people would require any welfare after that . 
  none of them would cause any trouble . 
  we would n't have to close borders . 
  we would n't have to push for eu solutions that are n't liked by other countries . 
  and on top of that it would cost us way less than 16 billion euro . 
  now we get more people than we can handle . 
  and the majority of them do n't have valuable skills . 
  many do n't even have a basic education so we can teach them these valuable skills . 
  we allow them to be here for humanitarian reasons . 
  not because we want to counter the demographic change . 
  in 2014 , the gdp of poland was 1/7 of the german gdp . 
  and we do n't have a budget deficit . 
  but that might be because these 16 billion are a request by the municipalities , so they are not part of the 2016 budget . 
  why should the municipalities lowball these numbers ? 
  the municipalities and the states want money from the federal government . 
  basically the states and municipalities have to pay for the refugee policies the federal government sets . 
  if the municipalities do n't request enough money because they lowball the numbers to make them more palatable , they have to pay the difference out of their own pocket . 
  and most municipalities have to take loans to do that . 
  which they have to pay back themselves . 
  government budgets are n't construction projects . 
  you ca n't request more once you got the bid . 
  if amount x is part of the 2016 budget , you will receive x and not more . 
  depends what you mean with total . 
  16 billion euro is what is estimated to be necessary if a yearly average of 1.2 million people are in the asylum system . 
  most likely the majority of them will continue to create costs after they leave that system . 
  these costs will not be as high , but they will still be significant . 
  according to the latest [ budget proposal ( german ) ] ( http://dip21.bundestag.de/dip21/btd/18/055/1805500.pdf ) , the defense department will receive 34.366 billion euro in 2016 ( 2015 : 32.974 billion ) .
