  but why should greece keep one ? 
  / s obviously, 
   and regulations ( france and germany , looking at you ) have you looked at the mip scoreboard ? 
  germany gets constant flak for the 6.7 % account balance , because the maximum allowed is 6 % . 
  the netherlands have an account balance of 9.8 % . 
  and i would lose my hope if europe turns north korea and starts to ignore international treaties like the un refugee convention . 
  99.9 % of asylum seekers from the balkans wo n't receive asylum in germany . 
  sharing a land border with a safe country . 
  which means that it is not possible to request asylum if you entered the united states via mexico . 
  social market economy is still economy . 
  if you do n't have money it becomes difficult to pay for all the little social things . 
  so has the `` all the money goes to the creditors , greece does n't get anything '' thing . 
  you have to pay a 100 $ installment for your debt . 
  you also have to buy 100 $ beer for a party . 
  your own income is 100 $ and your neighbor will lend you 100 $ . 
  do you buy the beer with your own income ? 
  or do you buy the beer with the loan from your neighbor ? 
  or do you do a 50:50 split ? 
  and what 's the difference ? 
  looks like greece should join the eurasian economic union . 
   maybe we need a procedure that estimates the degree of integration , and allow people a residence permit if they show good will and are of added value to ones society . 
  people that were granted asylum can apply to become german citizens after they have lived in germany for 6 years . 
  there are a couple requirements for that . 
  you have to pass a naturalization test about the german society and german law . 
  you have to be able to communicate in german on at least b1 level . 
  you must not have a criminal record that contains major crimes . 
  you have to commit to follow the german constitution . 
  and last but not least , you and your family have to be able to support yourself with your income . 
  the palestinian girl has the problem that she did n't receive asylum . 
  so all of the above is n't possible . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/asylum_statistics number of ( non-eu ) asylum applicants ( 2014 ) in - spain : 5615 - portugal : 440 - italy : 64625 - germany : 202645 - sweden : 81180, 
  none . 
  because after they let out their initial outrage , nobody cares for this topic anymore . 
  sounds like it 's time to get rid of that law and switch to replacement planting instead . 
  so land owners do n't burn down 60,000 trees to get rid of the 1000 trees they wanted to cut . 
  they should plant a couple new olive trees for every olive tree they did cut . 
  are you a journalist ? 
  because the statistic is from 2008 ? 
  ( i do n't know ), 
  a politician was standing on a balcony , he said something but you could only understand the first part of his sentence . 
  you know how it is with these damn ~ ~ shapeshifters ~ ~ asylum seekers , they change nationality faster than reddit changes ceo . 
  if they get taylor swift in on that hashtag , apple may cancel the order of all the exterior glass panels for the new headquarter . 
  and tim cook tweets `` taylor was right . 
  we stopped buying german , new apple hq walls will be concrete \\ #boycottgermany '', 
  when in rome , do as the romans do , 
  that 's what we do . 
  * sips mountain dew *, 
   could you tell me how deportations work in germany ? 
  you receive a deadline until which you can leave voluntarily . 
  after that you might get arrested and deported . 
  sometimes police comes the day when yes , we actually do deportations . 
  mostly to the balkan countries . 
  deportations to other countries are a bit more complicated . 
  because many countries simply are n't willing to cooperate . 
  you ca n't just drop these people at the airport . 
  we could probably increase the number of deportations ten-fold . 
  if we want to continue to help refugees there 's no other option . 
  problem is that literally every single asylum case is a sob-story . 
  i would n't want to have the job to decide who can stay and who has to leave . 
  neither , just having fun . 
  relative poverty ? 
  where people who have an income of less than 40 % of the median are poor ? 
  it 's a shit statistic because it depends on the people around you , if you are considered poor or not . 
  i do n't object to absolute poverty . 
  if you earn less than $ 1.25 per day you are definitely poor . 
   again , why not tax very small businesses ( plumbers , tailors , hair dressers ... ) at a flat rate , to be paid monthly ? 
  treating them same as a multi-million dollar retail chain is ridiculous ... keeping track of your income is not being treated as a multi-million dollar business . 
  he looked at the mip scoreboard and saw all the grey boxes . 
  there are a couple more rules than the max 6 % trade surplus , and every single country violates some of them . 
  let me quote the mip report 2015 for you . 
  no imbalance : - 2 . 
  imbalances , which require monitoring and policy action : be , nl , ro , fi , se , uk 3 . 
  imbalances , which require monitoring and decisive policy action : hu , de 4 . 
  imbalances , which require specific monitoring and decisive policy action : ie , es , si 5 . 
  excessive imbalances , which require specific monitoring and decisive policy action : bg , fr , hr , it , pt 6 . 
  excessive imbalances , which require decisive policy action and the activation of the excessive imbalanceprocedure : -, 
   the girl is a syrian refugee she 's from palestine and came to germany from a refugee camp in lebanon . 
  english source : http://www.thelocal.de/20150716/merkel-brings-palestinian-child-to-tears, 
  are there any problems with the apportionment in the current institutions of the european union ? 
  you 'll usually have to evade hundreds of thousands of taxes to actually land in jail . 
  reasonable fines work . 
  but of course for this you need a tax / justice authority that is willing to collect taxes and fines . 
  when the collection officer sits in the living room many people find unexpected money that they did n't have a couple weeks ago , when the collection officer asked for money via letter . 
  at least that 's what the collection officer told me when he sat in my living room . 
  then they have to default on their taxes . 
  and the tax authority starts to collect them . 
  which means they send a collection officer to your house , they 'll look in your cupboards and drawers to see if they find something they can seize . 
  if they do n't find anything they might relieve you from that debt . 
  or they seize your bank account . 
  that 's how it 's done if you ca n't afford to pay taxes . 
  yes , it 's humiliating . 
  everyone knows that . 
  but these are the rules . 
  a country can not function if people can just decide to not pay taxes . 
  talk to the people who are poor and pay their taxes about justice . 
  paying taxes is not optional . 
  everyone has to do it . 
  you ca n't make exceptions because somebody thinks taxes are robbery . 
  if you get money that is taxed , do n't spend the taxes on random shit . 
   people ca n't pay what they do n't have .
