  quite ironic how you read selectively and make up statements to show that the investigation is biased . 
   russia and its neighbors have the full right to trade freely with each other just as europeans do in the eu . 
  but if you are one of russias neighbours you better not try to trade freely with the eu . 
  otherwise the green men will come to get you back in line . 
   official registered taxis can also be uber cars . 
  for ubertaxi . 
  which is a referral service . 
  but nobody cares about ubertaxi . 
  in most countries taxi drivers would risk their license if they drive for other uber services with their taxi . 
  in most countries taxis are n't allowed to charge less or more than the fixed prices that are set by the municipality . 
  ca n't do that with uber . 
  if you have too much time you could of course remove all decals and signs that show that your car is an official taxi before starting to accept uber customers . 
   uber is just a referral service that dispatches cars to you . 
  and also sets the price . 
  ever heard about infamous surge pricing ? 
   so the other referral apps are free ? 
  the driver pays the fee for the referral service . 
  like they did in the last decades with phone referral services , restaurants and others that referred customers to taxis . 
   do n't they have fixed prices as well ? 
  upfront pricing and surge pricing would be illegal in most countries . 
  prices are regulated by the municipalities . 
  and taxis have to use meters to calculate the price . 
   you 're cherry picking , bro . 
  uber is not the only app that does that . 
  which other `` apps '' like uber operate in europe ? 
   uber is n't the only app that does this . 
  it 's the most popular one . 
  which other `` apps '' like uber operate in europe ? 
  almost all of these other services are just referral services that dispatch a taxi for you . 
  where the taxi driver can set their own fees ( within the legal framework set by the taxi regulation , e.g. 
  fixed fees for rides inside a municipality , freely negotiable fees for rides that leave the municipality ) . 
  where the taxi driver can decide which payment methods they accept . 
  where the taxi driver gets paid by the customer directly . 
  uber is n't a referral service like these apps . 
  because uber sets the fees and handles the payment . 
   clients & drivers already agreed to a mutual service both have a contract with uber . 
  if the client and the driver had a business-client relationship the driver would be able to set fees . 
  if you ca n't charge your customers what you want you are probably an employee . 
  -----   there are also self-employed taxi drivers - but they have to obey said rules . 
   no they do n't . 
  if people want , they can drive with '' gypsy taxicabs '' if they choose or deem the risk/price bearable , besides uber or your precious city taxi company/companies . 
  strange argument . 
  if people want to they can also hire a contract killer if they deem risk/price bearable . 
  does n't make it legal though . 
  in the eu `` greek yoghurt '' means yoghurt produced in greece . 
  greek yoghurt made outside of greece is greek-style yoghurt, 
  george w. bush received bismarck herring from merkel before it was ~ ~ cool ~ ~ offensive . 
  so you think she gave it to him to remind him of one of the many wars we had ? 
  it 's a product of merkel 's home constituency . 
  when you visit stralsund with merkel you 'll get a barrel of bismarck herring as well . 
  bush got one too . 
  ca n't risk that someone else is the first one to congratulate erdogan . 
  the eu should suggest a compromise . 
  uk can keep the two agencies . 
  and frankfurt gets the bank of england . 
  if a non-eu country can have eu institutions a non-uk country should be able to have uk institutions . 
  how sure are you about that ? 
  tg ; dr : if the traffic situation demands it ( i.e. 
  if there are cars on the road ) you have to cross a road at a traffic light . 
  if you are crossing a road at a junction you always have to cross at the traffic light . 
  courts have ruled that this rule extends up to 50 meters depending on circumstances . 
  if you violate the rule and get hit you 'll be blamed partially . 
  which will have consequences for the amount of financial compensation you 'll receive . 
  you are confusing tax avoidance and tax evasion . 
  tax evasion already comes with jail time . 
  multinationals do n't evade taxes , they avoid taxes by using the tax code in a creative but legal way . 
  if you 're looking for tax evaders look in your neighborhood . 
  the plumber , the roofer , the local coffee shop , the doner store are all likely tax evaders . 
  apple , amazon , google , mcdonalds and starbucks are n't . 
  or in other words : `` repeat the mistakes of the past '' . 
  probably the largest reason for the lack of integration among immigrants from turkey was the attitude that they are just guest workers who would leave eventually . 
   media reports say that sascha l. , who is now considered a member of the ultraconservative islamic salafist movement , was once active in the neo-nazi scene . 
  the us president is the commander-in-chief of all these yanks . 
  pre-trump usa : nato is important for us . 
  european union is important for us . 
  germany is a valued partner germans : almost 80 % of us trust the us ( feb 2009 ) trump : nato is obsolete . 
  eu sucks . 
  merkel destroyed germany . 
  germany manipulates its currency . 
  we 'll enact punitive tariffs against germany germans : we can no longer trust the us you : why do n't you trust the us ? 
  nato prevented you from becoming part of warsaw pact, 
   katarina barley who ? 
  according to many , only if you use the side with the buckle . 
   of course trump is an idiot and i really hope that it is only because of him that german people has decided to rate the us so low . 
  take a guess : http://www.infratest-dimap.de/typo3temp/_processed_/csm_folie25_03_cd42747570.png the november 2016 ( pre election most likely ) poll had the us at 59 % . 
  in february 2009 they were at almost 80 % . 
  did she take into account that other countries will answer french protectionism with protectionism against france ? 
  as many things in germany the dancing ban is not decided by the federal government , it 's a state matter . 
  from the article :  today a total dance ban on good friday exists in 12 of germany 's 16 federal states , with the others imposing a partial ban . 
  ** berliners are banned from dancing between 4am and 9pm on friday ** ; hamburg , for reasons best known to itself , allows good friday dancing between midnight and 2am . 
  some states are particularly thorough , banning not just dancing but also moving house and chess tournaments . 
  where `` we '' is the netherlands ? 
  you received 2.6 billion euro eib investments in 2016 . 
  less than poland , the uk , germany , france , italy and spain . 
  more than the other 21 eu members . 
  since people in this thread ignore the `` relative to gdp '' part of the map , here are the 2016 eib investments in million euro : 1 . 
  spain 10,000 2 . 
  italy 9,900 3 . 
  france 8,000 4 . 
  germany 7,500 5 .
