  not sure where your are going with your questions . 
  until you are caught nobody is stopping you from tax evasion . 
   we do have our moments of kindness , occasionally . 
  do n't sell yourself short . 
  in 2015 the us resettled 69,920 people from refugee camps around the world . 
  and that was entirely voluntary . 
  the biggest group were 18,386 people from burma , here in the eu we do n't give a flying fuck about refugees from burma . 
  we also do n't give a fuck about people from bhutan , while the us gave 5,775 of them a safe new home . 
  here in the eu we tend to not care about refugees until they are on our front porch . 
  eu countries generally only grant asylum , which means you have to be on their soil to request protection . 
  the us is one of the few countries that allows people to request protection from outside the country . 
  the us has had a resettlement program for decades . 
  here in the eu we do n't have that . 
  in 2013 eu countries , among countries from all over the world , introduced a limited resettlement program that brought in syrians from unhcr camps . 
  that was our occasional moment of kindness . 
  suggesting to do that again would be political suicide in most eu countries . 
  i have very little doubt that the us has put more people under protection since the creation of the un refugee convention in 1951 . 
  if you are a genuine refugee who has no money to pay a smuggler , the us is very likely the most generous country in the world . 
  you can pretend that you are a nomad as much as you want . 
  the tax authorities do n't care about that . 
  you have to pay taxes in your country of residence . 
  if you are resident of more than one country the rules where you have to pay what get more complicated . 
  this e-residence thing is not relevant at all . 
  relevant is the time you actually spend in the country . 
   you can do something that belongs on one side without being typified by it . 
  the afd can be considered far-right even if they support welfare for ethnic germans . 
  and bismarck the old left-winger introduced universal health care in germany . 
  for that outfit to be considered german you need a ball gag in your mouth as well . 
  people want the eu to do more of the few things they like and less of the many things they do n't like . 
  just wash your feet ? 
  what if it makes me uncomfortable ? 
   an american immigration policy is basically what the far right here wants . 
  but only because the far right has no idea what they are talking about . 
  the problem the new far right has with the eu immigration policy ( i would call it immigration reality not immigration policy ) are asylum seekers . 
  the old far right was hating eastern europeans , but they switched to hating asylum seekers as well . 
  like every eu country the us follows the un refugee convention . 
  when you are on us soil you can request asylum . 
  they will then handle your asylum request . 
  when they reject your request you have the right to appeal the decision . 
  when they grant you asylum you can stay in the country and have all the rights the refugee convention gives you . 
  you even have a path to citizenship . 
  in regards to asylum the us applies the exact same policies like countries in the eu . 
  the difference in the number of asylum seekers comes from the difference in geographic location not from a difference in policy . 
  the only realistic way to reach the us if you are n't american is by plane or by cruise ship . 
  in both cases you need a visa to board . 
  and the commercial carriers that brought you to the us are required to take you back if your asylum request is denied . 
  when you board a dinghy from libya to italy you do n't need a visa . 
  you do n't need a visa when swimming the 10km from turkey to lesbos either . 
  in regards to asylum seekers nothing will change if the eu adopts the us immigration policy . 
  in every year except 2015 the biggest group of immigrants that came to germany were eu citizens . 
  last year we registered 280,000 asylum seekers . 
  in the same time 634,000 eu citizen moved to germany . 
  but these numbers are a bit insincere because they do n't take emigration into account . 
  let 's assume that not a single asylum seeker left germany in 2016 . 
  then we 're still looking at 280,000 net migration for asylum seekers and 294,000 net migration for eu citizen . 
   no shoes , no shirt , and i still get service . 
  i bet you do n't even wear a lederhosen right now . 
  it 's only misleading because people changed the meaning of words in 2015 . 
  before 2015 nobody would have thought that `` immigrant in germany '' is only talking about non-eu citizen . 
  in that regard the federation of the eu is already completed . 
   e : why are people still so obsessed with the ideas of imagined rights to geographic locations ? 
  i would bet that a bit more than 99 % of the redditors that talk about that kind of stuff are either connaisseurs of polandball memes or players of paradox games like europa universalis . 
  if russia would offer it to germany , and only to germany i can guarantee you that eastern europe would beg germany to take it back . 
  but according to the treaty on the final settlement with respect to germany , the german borders are final . 
  i hope that 's a big enough hurdle to prevent that we would ever be bothered with taking responsibility for kaliningrad . 
   germany has always secretly been with russia . 
  thank god only secretly . 
  otherwise we would have vetoed the eu sanctions . 
   ( former ussr , but this time in europe and ruled by germany ) well meme 'd bro . 
   all they care about is german government . 
  you mean economy ? 
   thats why they invented euro it was france that forced germany into the euro . 
  the dm was a strong currency . 
  we love strong currencies . 
  we 're not happy with the ecb policies of making the euro a weak currency . 
   thats why they use poles , romanians etc as cheap labor sorry for creating jobs in eastern europe . 
  sorry for allowing eastern europe freedom of movement . 
  big mistake in hindsight . 
  we should have invested a lot more in automation . 
  to keep all the production in germany and all the eastern europeans out . 
  / s  thats why they still build nordstream 2 and thats why they dont want sanctions on their little-big friend russia . 
  we build nord stream 2 because until very recently there were no sanctions that would prohibit us from doing so . 
  and as i said already , if we would n't want sanctions the eu would not have sanctioned russia . 
  the eu sanctions were unanimously approved by all 28 eu members . 
  a single veto would have been enough to make them not happen . 
   ( waiting for -1 btw ) you 're welcome . 
   open up a few of the nuclear plants again , build some wind farms , invest in other alternatives . 
  just stop sabotaging yourselves already . 
  13 % of the natural gas germany used in 2016 was burned in power plants . 
  38 % was used by the industry . 
  31 % in households . 
  15 % by non-manufacturing businesses , 3 % for district heating . 
  and we could n't even replace these 13 % . 
  because for technical ( xenon poisoning ) and economic ( fuel is the cheapest part of a nuclear power plant ) reasons nuclear power plants are base load producers . 
  nuclear power plants run on 100 % energy output basically all the time . 
  on top of that you need power plants that can react to changes in the amount of electricity that is produced and used . 
  gas turbines are among the plants that can react to changes the fastest . 
   germany wants a pipeline with russia because they are the only ones who can deliver the huge amounts germany needs within the next 25 years or so . 
  that 's a bit dishonest . 
  we want that pipeline because we want to resell russian gas .
