  or in other words , how many refugees would eastern europe resettle if germany does not import more gas from russia ? 
  that 's how flexible solidarity works . 
  v4 will love it . 
  they get a reduction . 
  a business that uses more than 1 gwh per year , which has electricity costs of at least 14 % of gross value added , pays 100 % eeg surcharge for the first 1 gwh , 10 % of the surcharge for the next 9 gwh , 1 % for the next 90 gwh and 0.05 cent per kwh for energy consumption above 100gwh . 
  businesses that use at least 100gwh with electricity costs of at least 20 % , pay 0.05 cent surcharge per kwh . 
  railway companies pay full surcharge on 10 % of their electricity consumption and 0.05 cent per kwh for the rest . 
  edit : minimum payment is 0.05 cent not 0.05 euro, 
   and energiewende ironically made it more reliant on coal often repeated , but according to actual data the increase in coal consumption is n't nearly as significant as the nuclear fans claim . 
  in 2000 , before the phase out of nuclear energy was agreed upon , germany created 148.3 twh electric energy from lignite , 143.1 twh from hard coal . 
  in 2015 germany created 155.0 twh electric energy from lignite and 118.0 twh from hard coal . 
  that 's a less than 5 % increase in lignite and a 17 % decrease in black coal . 
  ^ ^ ^ [ source ] ( https://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/156695/umfrage/brutto-stromerzeugung-in-deutschland-nach-energietraegern-seit-2007/ )  and more unstable according to which statistic ? 
  i 'm still waiting for all the blackouts that the nuclear industry predicted since 2000 . 
   keep up the good work and switch lemonade for a glass of orange juice . 
  too bad that orange juice has as much sugar as coke . 
  the same unhealthy bullshit that goes into expensive coca cola ? 
  the problem is we ca n't get proper ( i.e. 
  american ) chinese takeover . 
  no general tso . 
  no mongolian beef . 
  no kung pao chicken . 
  we are pissed !, 
   shown as incompetent many times in its handling of the migrant crisis frontex , the eu border protection agency , was designed in a way so individual member countries could keep as much of their sovereignty as possible . 
  like most eu agencies , frontex was initially designed to only coordinate between member states . 
  nothing more . 
  okay , they were responsible to make eu wide statistics about illegal migration as well . 
  but frontex had 0 border protection officers . 
  when a member state asked frontex for help they translated that help request into other languages and forwarded it to other member states . 
  that 's basically the whole mandate frontex had . 
  if member states do n't give the eu agency the means to act adequately in situations like the migrant crisis one should blame the member states and not the eu . 
  then you joined the wrong club . 
  the eu was always more than a trade union . 
  should have joined efta and the eea instead . 
  but you can always invoke article 50 to fix that mistake . 
  and poles and polish businesses are allowed to own more than 50 % of german businesses . 
  and germans are allowed to own more than 50 % of us businesses . 
  china is the problem because it does n't allow this . 
  it has nothing to do with exploiting poland or hating evil empires like china . 
  very good point . 
  poles and polish businesses are allowed to own more than 50 % of german businesses . 
  the german language is not very similar to polish or romanian . 
  therefor , immigration from these countries is not good . 
  i would be very surprised if poland has a positive net migration rate . 
   this is nice example of how important is cultural , language similarity between receiving and sending nation . 
  are you arguing for abolishing freedom of movement in eu/efta ? 
   things like this can be worth saving . 
  of course . 
  but in the end somebody has to pay for it . 
  the owner has been looking for that someone for more than 2 decades . 
   what 's the hurry ? 
  the building has partly collapsed already . 
  unfortunately the castle attracts so many `` urban explorers '' that the owner would be ruled partly responsible for not securing that building enough if someone dies in there . 
  that 's why they hired a security company that tries to scare these explorers away . 
  the hurry is that the security company charges monthly . 
  no rebate for beautiful buildings either . 
  so the choice is to demolish it now and stop paying security , or to continue to pay security for another decade and then demolish it . 
  the building is empty since 1991 . 
  the owner is looking for investors since then . 
  does that half-standing ruin attract as many `` urban explorers '' as that castle ? 
  to prevent more injuries or even deaths the owner of the castle had to hire a security firm . 
  a castle that was build in 1866 has not that much historic value . 
  the renovation will cost more than the land though . 
  no one will ever invest in that building , turning it into a hotel is a pipe dream . 
  in its current condition it 's a safety risk . 
  it has partly collapsed already , the owner has to pay security to make sure no `` urban explorers '' die in there . 
  so the choice is to tear it down now , or pay security for the next 10 years and then tear it down . 
  that 's ~ ~ how it looked 12 years ago ~ ~ a post card , from much better times . 
  in the meantime there was a fire that caused a lot of structural damage . 
  no time for that . 
  if you do n't have the cash on hand you 'll just buy an empty plot of land . 
  according to wikipedia deconstruction has started on thursday . 
  the correct number is 15 trillion . 
  the cda and makrele let in 15 trillion muslims . 
  and that 's just the number for yesterday !, 
  you can buy it . 
  though you probably have to agree to a safety and renovation schedule . 
  nope . 
  just [ 532,898 ] ( https://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/publikationen/broschueren/freizuegigkeitsmonitoring-jahresbericht-2015.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ) eastern euros moved to germany last year . 
  such a minuscule number compared to the [ 890,000 ] ( http://www.tagesschau.de/inland/maiziere-fluechtlinge-103.html ) asylum seekers that came to germany last year . 
  merkel is both criticized for not having a vision and only following polls , and for having a vision and not following polls . 
  which article of the constitution says that we are n't allowed to deploy our military to allied countries ? 
  what ? 
  if not germany who decided that the bundeswehr will be deployed to kosovo , sudan , lebanon , mali , senegal , somalia or northern iraq ? 
   i just looking if he knows what he is supporting . 
  if you want peace , prepare for war . 
  neither lithuania nor germany or nato will start a war against russia . 
  because we often use england as a synonym for the uk . 
  a uk without england would be very confusing for us . 
  i guess he was the only contender for that job . 
  i do n't believe renzi is a sock-puppet of merkel . 
   v4xit incoming . 
  if they only joined the eu for the trade they should leave the eu and become part of the eea . 
  it 's your fault that you build your country at the coast . 
  should have had the insight of the czech republic which build its country in a way that does n't even have external schengen borders outside of airports . 
   writing that with a european flair is a real joke . 
  there was a eu before 2004 . 
   nobody in poland has problem with giving a fair share of money for refugee camps in middle-east . 
  so how much money does poland give to refugee camps in the middle-east ? 
   but hey - with german 's declining population , they had to find a way to get young people somehow .
