  but only if it 's not from a room that has a toilet . 
  when the un refugee convention was made , people thought about mass-flight in a potential world war iii . 
  we have millions of refugees in the world since basically forever . 
  europe did n't give a fuck . 
  but now a few hundred thousands refugees enter the eu and suddenly we have to throw everything over board . 
  we should at least be honest and abolish the right to asylum completely . 
  let them die in their own countries . 
  not just outside of europe . 
  or we implement a system that does not violate the un conventions . 
  there are plenty of options for that without changing un conventions just because they become inconvenient for some countries . 
  because that 's what happened in 1992 , 1999 and 2002 ? 
  if you just look at the last 5 years you might of course believe that the number of asylum applicants can only rise . 
   fuck you , america . 
  you . 
  renaming french fries to freedom fries in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
  so phonetics sounds like a solid strategy . 
  sounds better than our gunther oettinger https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icoo7ut1p4y, 
  i expect that you 'll find cheaters in any product category which requires something like an energy label . 
  for example lg was already caught cheating with their fridges more than 5 years ago . 
   an electronics manufacturer with a history of making false environmental claims has been caught doctoring fridges to make them appear more energy efficient . 
    lg electronics has agreed to compensate potentially thousands of australian consumers after two of its fridges - models l197nfs and p197wfs - ** were found to contain an illegal device that activates an energy-saving mode when it detects room conditions similar to those in a test laboratory ** . 
    the so-called circumvention device was discovered last month by australian consumer advocacy group choice . 
    the device detects test conditions and activates the mode , creating the impression of lower running costs and energy usage . 
  the devices have been banned in australia since 2007 . 
    in reality the fridge , which has a 3.5 star energy rating , costs an extra $ 250 to run over 10 years and can severely affect food quality because it can shut off when opened . 
    [ ... ]   it is the third time lg electronics has been caught making false claims about its products ' environmental credentials in australia . 
    in 2008 , it had to repay $ 3 million after the australian competition and consumer commission ruled it had inflated the energy efficiency rating of five models of air-conditioner . 
  as long as ireland is in the eu they have to enforce eu custom rules . 
  who cares for free movement . 
  the important part is customs . 
  and there ca n't be an exception for customs . 
  which means border checks . 
  otherwise the uk will turn into the eu import hub for all the things that can not be imported into the eu . 
  solar panels from china that require payment of an anti-dumping tariffs in the eu ? 
  just bring them to uk , because they do n't have these tariffs . 
  then because of the special treatment for the uk you can bring them to ireland without customs processing . 
  and once they are in ireland they are legal eu goods . 
  customs exemption for the uk is as likely as access to the single market without accepting free movement and other single market rules . 
  if the uk leaves the eu there have to be border controls because the eu and the uk are no longer a customs unions . 
  the export and import rules for non-eu countries will apply if you travel between the uk and ireland . 
  and ireland has to enforce the eu custom rules . 
  no matter how many treaties ireland signs with uk , if one of the two countries is in the eu while the other is n't , there have to be border controls . 
  they already had smartphones before they fled . 
  people seem to believe that countries like syria or iraq still live in the dark ages . 
  that is not the case . 
  they have internet , smartphones and social media . 
  back then , did they have the worlds knowledge in their pocket ? 
  if they did it would probably have saved a couple lives . 
  because it 's not a smart decision to go to a country that is , now , known for taking jewish illegal immigrants right back to german authorities . 
  so now you hike naked ? 
  or do you still take the necessary things because , well , they are necessary ? 
  and us-style freedom of speech would have prevented that ? 
  i guess having a [ equivalised disposable median net income ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/glossary:equivalised_disposable_income ) of 42909 euro helps . 
  highest in the eea . 
  the equivalised disposable median net income of romania is 2066 euro . 
  lowest in the eu . 
  source : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/gdp-and-beyond/quality-of-life/median-income, 
   `` i do n't like those russians , they 're stupid and aggressive . '', 
  i can not say `` i do n't like those muslims , they 're so violent and backwards . '', 
  i doubt that any judge would apply the hate speech exception to that . 
  then it gets really interesting . 
  remember the [ controversy about `` polish '' death camps ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%22polish_death_camp%22_controversy ) ? 
  if a nazi death camp in poland is n't a `` polish death camp '' but a `` german death camp '' , a nazi gold train in poland is n't a `` polish gold train '' but a `` german gold train '' . 
  asylum seekers . 
  because that 's what they do . 
  just look at his or her flag . 
  brackwurst with mint sauce and a lukewarm cerveza . 
   of course they were being hyperbolic , but housing asylum seekers at that scale in places that are already high in tension ( i. e. those with massive population flight and thus free housing ) would be dangerous . 
  so we need more police . 
  if you do n't have to host asylum seekers just because you light up a couple asylum centers you send a very wrong signal . 
  it 's nazi gold . 
  so it belongs to switzerland . 
  ^ ( jk it belongs to germany . 
  if there are no polish death camps , there ca n't be a polish gold train . ), 
  ^ ( no seriously . 
  just kidding . 
  may it be given back to the rightful owner ), 
  last year for the 100 year beginning of ww1 mark , my local newspaper printed hundred post cards soldiers sent to their families . 
  you could really see the change in tone after early 1915 . 
  in the beginning it was `` everything is good . 
  we have plenty food . 
  have you spoken to your sister ? 
  maybe i 'll be home for christmas '' then it went `` today we stole some food from a local farm '' and `` yesterday the french killed a couple of us . 
  btw i could use some new cloths for my feet '' to `` the enemy are soldiers as well . 
  i 'm not sure why we continue this murdering . 
  they are probably not much different from us . '', 
  and `` franz lost his leg after being hit by a grenade shrapnel . 
  many of us wish we would have been hit . '', 
  right next to asylum seekers and refugees . 
  no firebombing yet . 
  if it 's because of this word do n't . 
  it 's not like we have to learn these words . 
  it 's just many words put together . 
  if you know the single words you can read the whole thing as well . 
  it 's rind-fleisch-etikettierungs-\u00dcberwachungs-aufgaben-\u00dcbertragungs-gesetz or in english : cow-meat-labeling-supervision-tasks-transfer-law makes sense ? 
  trust me , it makes as much sense in german . 
  and it 's just the official short title . 
  the law for the transfer of tasks for the supervision of cow-tagging and beef-labeling . 
  the only \\* restriction for goods that you bring from one eu country to another eu country is that it has to be for personal use . 
  which also includes gifts to other persons .
