  do n't drink sprite . 
  do n't eat fish sticks . 
  tell your retailer and the producer why you no longer buy their stuff . 
  there 's your choice . 
  it 's obviously harder for items that are necessary . 
  but if you start to boycott the luxury products , the retailers might switch to `` get the real stuff '' marketing and they 'll sell you equal quality necessities as well . 
   why do n't more companies do this ? 
  easy . 
  because people continue to buy the shitty stuff . 
  and the retailers make more money with the shitty stuff . 
  they ask the producer to make a `` eastern europe edition '' for 0.10 $ less . 
  so they have a higher profit margin , or lower prices than m\u00fcller . 
  if the people go to m\u00fcller , and other stores lose customers the other stores might start to sell the `` real '' product too . 
  but if people continue to buy the shitty version while complaining that the eu does n't enough , nothing will change . 
  there wo n't be a regulation that forces businesses to sell the exact same product all over the eu . 
  that 's way too much bureaucracy for gains that could achieved if the customers would actually care . 
  without multi-speed the eu aims for unanimity , which allows countries to shape proposals until a common level of integration is found . 
  with multi-speed the eu goes for the cooperation variant that finds a reasonable amount of backers . 
  countries that want less cooperation can either take it or leave it . 
  take defence cooperation as example . 
  countries picked arbitrarily , does not necessarily reflect reality . 
  - eu : we want defence cooperation . 
  propose something . 
  - france : we want force protection capabilities that are under eu control - austria : we only want to participate in common procurement and territorial defence -- with unanimity : - france : not enough !, 
  but okay , lets do it . 
  maybe we can expand later all eu countries launch a eu defence agency that is limited to territorial defence and common procurement -- with multi-speed : - france : then we 'll do it without you . 
  who 's with us ? 
  france and 8 others launch a eu defence agency that has force protection capabilities . 
  austria is left out , no common procurement either -- if done wrong , multi-speed has a large potential to tear the eu apart . 
   100 gw is about twice the electricity supply from every power source in germany . 
  100 gw is about half of the electricity generation capacity of germany . 
  we are currently at 195.69 gw capacity . 
  peak winter electricity usage is around 77 gw . 
  an incredible amount . 
  almost enough for whole germany . 
  yesterdays peak consumption was 77.29 gw . 
  that 's just 461 times the download speed and 1200 times the upload speed i have . 
  questionable blog , but i believe this is a verbatim copy of the wsj article : https://fbkfinanzwirtschaft.wordpress.com/2017/03/04/the-german-right-believes-its-time-to-discard-the-countrys-historical-guilt/  mr. h\u00f6cke said world war ii began as a local conflict in which hitler understandably sought to reclaim territory lost after world war i. 
  `` the big problem is that one presents hitler as absolutely evil , '' mr. h\u00f6cke said . 
  `` but of course we know that there is no black and no white in history . ''   ms. petry , asked about world war ii 's causes , would n't delve into specifics but said wars typically take place only when multiple parties want them to . 
  petry also linked the deaths in american pow camps with the deaths in german concentration camps . 
  not being able to properly cater for prisoners of war is apparently comparable to the systematic murder of civilians . 
  -- from the wsj article :  she said the history of the holocaust is covered comprehensively in german schools , but german suffering , including the bombing of dresden and russian and american mistreatment of german prisoners of war , is given short shrift . 
    asked whether field trips to concentration camps were appropriate , she said it was `` important for students to understand what mankind can do to men . '' she also added : `` one should inform them to the same degree that after world war ii the americans allowed german war prisoners to die of hunger in the camps on the rhine meadows . '', 
  for physical and/or sexual violence latvia and denmark are the worst countries , in both countries 32 % of women have experienced such violence since age 15 . 
  without multi-speed the eu aims for unanimity , which allows countries to water down proposals . 
  with multi-speed the eu goes for the cooperation variant that finds a reasonable amount of backers . 
  countries that do n't agree with that level of cooperation can either take it or leave it . 
  take defence cooperation as example . 
  - eu : we want defence cooperation . 
  propose something . 
  - france : we want force protection capabilities that are under eu control - austria : we only want to participate in common procurement and territorial defence with unanimity : - france : not enough !, 
  but okay , lets do it . 
  maybe we can expand later all eu countries launch a eu defence agency that is limited to territorial defence and common procurement with multi-speed : - france : then we 'll do it without you . 
  who 's with us ? 
  france and 8 others launch a eu defence agency that has force protection capabilities . 
  austria is left out , no common procurement either if done wrong , multi-speed has a large potential to tear the eu apart . 
  i knew it would be ambiguous if i do n't say ` designed in california . 
  made in china ' . 
   say what you want of schroeder , but at least he had the backbone to oppose the us on issues such as the iraq war hehe . 
  he opposed sending german soldiers to iraq . 
  while the us was busy in iraq , germany used 7000 bundeswehr soldiers to guard us military bases and other us facilities in germany . 
  germany granted the coalition of the willing generous overflight rights . 
  a few weeks before the us actually invaded iraq , germany reinforced a battalion of nbc defence forces in kuwait that was stationed on the us base that housed the joint operation center during the invasion of iraq . 
  a few weeks after the initial phase of the invasion was over , that battalion was moved back to germany . 
  germany most likely had bnd agents in bagdad that instructed the bombardment of at least one building complex because the agents saw luxury cars and believed saddam was there . 
  the cia provides us with intel . 
  we allow them to operate in europe . 
  that they act in the interest of the us foremost is a compromise we accept . 
  the alternative is that the us does n't share information with us . 
  which would suck because the cia is much better than our own intelligence services . 
  it 's the same deal with us bases in europe . 
  we allow them to operate . 
  they offer the protection that inherently comes with having a us base in your country . 
  because contrary to popular believe , the main point of the australian solution is n't that you put asylum seekers onto an island . 
  the main point is that the people are n't in australia , and therefor do n't have access to australian courts , and therefor do n't have any chance to get asylum in australia . 
  so unless you want to gift that artificial island to a country that is n't under the jurisdiction of the european court of human rights , it would be rather pointless to build an island to host asylum seekers . 
  because you could just build fences around asylum centers to achieve the same effect . 
  so the alternative to getting new loans is to get new loans that have 0 interest ? 
  that ` hiatus ' is just debt refinancing that is paid by someone else . 
  someone pays your debt , and issues you a new loan with no interest rate that has to be paid back x years in the future . 
  it does n't become less of a gamble just because someone pays the bill for you . 
  which is the case if you give someone a zero interest rate loan , due to inflation you will lose money . 
  there 's still a very high risk that your 150 % larger economy is just another bubble that will burst the moment you reduce spending so you can pay back your debt . 
  if you could guarantee 150 % sustainable growth in 20 years , lenders would love to lend to you at low rates . 
   but if you keep on asking for/receiving money , your debt will only grow you know what will also make your debt grow ? 
  if you do n't have a surplus and stop following austerity . 
  because you have to take new loans to increase public spending . 
  stopping austerity is just another gamble to grow the economy faster than the debt . 
  greece already failed to do that . 
  in july he 'll be in hamburg for the g20 summit . 
  but as i said , not a good idea . 
  we should stick to sanctions . 
  even if he does n't care personally . 
   we should focus to take on china together , their trade is insanely unfair , they are allowed to invest in every country they want , but whenever somebody wants to invest in china , no way thats possible . 
  it 's possible because the other countries allow it . 
  no country is forced to accept chinese investments . 
   trade is n't only about physical stuff , it 's also about services , movies etc. 
  services and movies are generally provided by european companies . 
  would be pretty stupid if your trade war does n't only kill `` your own '' companies but also companies of `` the enemy '' that still provide jobs and taxes in your country .
