  and the municipalities beg for more help from the districts . 
  the federal government is too distant from the problems the municipalities face . 
  surprise calls from the state to inform the mayor that next year the town with a population of 15,000 gets a reception center for 2,000 to 3,000 people in the middle of the city will in the end lead to a shift to the extreme right . 
  you 've should have seen the demonstration against that center . 
  the extreme right currently gains a lot of sympathies . 
  why do you think southern europe is broke ? 
  they tried to pump out the mediterranean sea so they could build a fence . 
   that is very different from a country securing it 's own border to protect its own people . 
  that 's what the east german government said about the berlin wall as well . 
  they called it antifaschistischer schutzwall , the anti-fascist protection wall . 
  so the people in east germany are safe from all the fascists in the west . 
  because fascists from the west always tried to infiltrate our peaceful society . 
  no , anybody can enter norway . 
  norway is part of the schengen area , so they are not allowed to have systematic border controls . 
  and norway also follows the un refugee convention so you can actually request asylum in norway . 
  though they only received 1660 applications in [ q1/2015 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:asylum_applicants_\\ ( including_first_time_asylum_applicants \\ ) , _ q1_2014 _ -- _ q1_2015 . png ) , which is less than for example poland , who received 1835 applications . 
  distribute them to where exactly ? 
  to the already overfilled reception centers in the states ? 
  she should have kept silent about stating the gist of the un refugee convention . 
  and the bamf should have not issued the statement about something that was practiced since decades . 
  you do n't have to announce that you do n't file dublin relocation requests with other countries . 
  just do n't file them . 
  back at their 4 month high !, 
  soon the leftist government of angele merkel will be voted out of office !, 
  any day now !, 
  regarding the production date of the video ; the book that is visible at 0:45 is `` richter ohne gesetz '' by joachim wagner . 
  published end of august 2011 . 
  so the video is not pre-2010 . 
  but at least in germany this topic was discussed to death when buschkowksy and sarrazin published their books about the failures of germanys integration attempts . 
  we have hundred thousands of these dangerous ungrateful , sharia-enforcing ~ ~ refugee ~ ~ migrant assholes in europe . 
  and yet we have to reuse every single video that shows assholes doing questionable things multiple times . 
  so enlighten me . 
  how should countries like germany guarantee that the danish state makes people leave once the reason for their asylum no longer exists ? 
  5 minutes ? 
  that 's the time you spend at the border checkpoint . 
  add an hour until you reach that checkpoint . 
  inconclusive as in you ca n't prove from which country someone is ? 
  suspension of deportation , because nobody knows to which country they should be deported . 
  that 's standard procedure for every asylum application since basically 1953 . 
  asylum seekers have always pretended that they are from war zones . 
  that 's why asylum applications take months . 
  the host country tries to prove that someone is not eligible for asylum , while the applicant tries to convince the asylum officers that everything he says is true . 
  i love one sentence solutions to problems that quite literally exist for decades already . 
  [ x ] just fix the middle east . 
  asylum is valid until the person can return safely to their home country . 
  no need to invent another word . 
  so in a few years , germany , austria and sweden should invade denmark to send all refugees back , even if the danish state decides that they can stay ? 
  if only we were an island . 
  then we could host our asylum seekers in france . 
  the second part only works if you are on an island though . 
  in reality nobody invited anyone . 
  and no , the current refugee crisis runs much longer than the three weeks that went by since merkel 's statement . 
  a club where you have to follow eu laws but do n't have any say in eu law making . 
  can we democratically decide that none of germanys ~ 20 billion euro contribution to the eu should go to countries who do n't cooperate in the refugee crisis ? 
  or is this democracy thing the same as in greece ? 
  only for the receiving end ? 
  poland has its own currency . 
  of course he would . 
  because he could then compare the intervention in crimea to the intervention in tunisia . 
  and the death penalty . 
  an asylum seeker is a person who has requested asylum . 
  the asylum process is then used to determine if a person is eligible for asylum or other protection . 
  the people not eligible are usually called economic migrants . 
  everyone has realized that . 
  unfortunately it 's pretty hard to stop asylum seekers from entering your country if you are n't in uk 's geographical position . 
  the uk knows very well that we ca n't push back asylum seekers into unsafe countries . 
  that 's why the royal navy brings refugees it rescues to italy instead of libya . 
  just make you own sub . 
  with liveleak and without mods . 
  if you say so . 
   you should take in genuine asylum seekers , not pakistani pretending to be syrians . 
  and what do you do with the ones you do n't `` take '' ? 
  you have to host every single asylum seeker . 
  even if they outright tell you that they are from serbia . 
  there is no such thing as an ad-hoc deportation tube where you put people in on one side and they move back to their home country . 
  you have to fill out forms , talk to the receiving country and arrange transport . 
  which takes time . 
   it 's your country 's irresponsible leadership that started this wave of migration . 
  sure thing . 
  because there were literally no asylum seekers in europe until three weeks ago . 
  and then merkel told the world that the un refugee convention does n't know a limit , and that syrians wo n't be deported back to the eu country of first entry . 
  and now europe is full of asylum seekers . 
   what would the outcome be of , say , a french boat coming into a tunisian port and sinking a rusty old ship ? 
  are they going to protest by refusing our international aid money ? 
  putin would have a field day if eu countries would ignore the border integrity of sovereign countries . 
  romania offered to relocate 1705 asylum seekers , so they will receive 1705 asylum seekers . 
  as if the uk are the only country that contributed to the syrian relief fund . 
  the hundred-thousands that do n't do questionable gestures in front of a camera ? 
  the refugees just know eu law better than you . 
  oops . 
   also the west should actually help asad to wipe out isis . 
  that would fix the problem . 
  and do we help him to wipe out the anti-assad rebels too ? 
  removing one faction from the civil war wo n't fix anything . 
  someone from the eu just has to make clear that visa free travel for turkey depends on turkeys cooperation in this issue . 
  how did these people end up in sweden ? 
  last time i checked sweden is not in a position to be the first country of entry for asylum seekers from the middle east . 
  so someone else if responsible for their asylum process . 
  maybe you should direct your wtf in the direction of these countries . 
  public safety announcement : iphones do n't make you bullet proof .
