  nobody has ever claimed the the eu is a club of equals . 
  especially if we are talking about unenforceable things like political participation . 
   still it is not known when he died or where . 
  not dead yet . 
  he 's still commander in chief of the wehrmacht parts that have retreated to neuschwabenland . 
  do n't tell the israelis though . 
  maybe i 'm blind , but i ca n't see any country that produced a significant number of asylum seekers in front of eu countries . 
  if we assume that trade talks take longer than a few months , it might be smart to start trade talks early . 
  because it increases the chance that a trade deal will be finished before the uk leaves the eu . 
  if there 's neither a trade deal nor a temporary agreement about something like eea membership at that point , trade between eu and uk will fall back to wto rules . 
  where wto rules mean that the eu is legally required to collect the same tariffs from uk trade and chinese trade . 
  a lawyers job is to represent their client , not to state the obvious . 
  i take that as a yes . 
  that 's not even the final tally . 
  trump lost by 2.8 million votes . 
  - clinton : 65,853,625 - trump : 62,985,105 - other : 8,259,713 - total : 137,098,443 http://uselectionatlas.org/2016.php, 
   trump won the presidency . 
  because , to quote trump , `` the system is rigged '' . 
  if you can win the election with having 2.8 million votes less than your opponent the system might indeed be rigged . 
  but at least trump is the best at losing the popular vote . 
  the other four us presidents who lost the popular vote , combined lost less than a third of the votes that trump lost . 
  at least trump is the best at losing the popular vote . 
  he lost by 2,864,974 votes . 
  adams lost by 38,221 , hayes by 252,666 , harrison by 94,530 and bush by 543,816 votes . 
  if we lose we lose bigly . 
  does n't matter , as long as people like him and he gets occasional standing ovations . 
  is it true that theresa may is applying for the open position of the presidential dog ? 
  it 's more about the distribution than the collection . 
  tv fees could easily be set up like a tax . 
  `` the tax rate for the first 17.50 $ of income is 100 % , it 's 0 % for everything above 17.50 $ '' but the whole public broadcasting system was set up to be as independent from the government as possible . 
  if the government would set , collect and distribute the tv fees , they would have way more influence than they have today . 
  a tax goes into general government budget . 
  the tv fee is specifically for public tv and radio . 
  it ca n't and wo n't be used for anything else . 
  contrary to popular believe , german public broadcasters are n't state tv . 
  the government is n't involved in setting , collecting or distributing the fee . 
  because of that their influence is rather limited . 
  if zdf airs something that merkel does n't like , merkel and her government ca n't do much about it . 
  they wo n't be able to cut the budget of zdf . 
  the system was set up to limit the influence of the government . 
   for something produced in its entirety inside by someone who only wants goods that are produced in its entirety inside . 
  today that is basically a theoretic construct . 
  nowadays the economies are so interconnected which each other that there are basically no countries where imports do n't play a major role even in locally produced goods . 
  that greek olive oil ? 
  harvested by a machine which was made in spain with parts and materials from all over the world . 
  the olives are transported to the bottling plant by a german made truck . 
  bottled in factories that use machines made in italy and greece . 
  the oil is then filled into bottles which were made in greece on furnaces bought in south korea . 
  the labels are printed on a printing machine made in germany . 
  the blanks for the bottle caps are made by a company in the uk , printing happens in poland . 
  back in greece they use a chinese machine to turn them into actual caps . 
  the computers the company uses are made in china , sold by a us company which is headquartered in ireland . 
  the computers run software made in the us and a order system made in estonia . 
  once the german supermarket chain has ordered a truckload of olive oil , the product is handed over to a greek freight company which loads it onto a swedish truck with an austrian made trailer . 
  a couple days later i can buy the oil in the supermarket as `` product of greece '' . 
  sure , in theory a devaluation would lead to the situation where locally produced machines would have a advantage over an import . 
  the problem is that there are often no local companies which can sell these machines . 
  so while greece is waiting until all the manufacturing returns to greece , the businesses that would buy from these manufacturers die . 
  do the steve ballmer dance : devalue !, 
  devalue !, 
  devalue !, 
  devalue !, 
  devalue !, 
  devalue !, 
  devalue !, 
  devalue !, 
  devalue !, 
  devalue !, 
  devalue !, 
  devalue !, 
  devalue !, 
  devalue !, 
  devalue !, 
  devalue !, 
  devalue !, 
  devalue !, 
  yes !, 
  many of these war zones regularly air advertisements in german tv . 
  they would be mad if we called them war zones . 
  not good for tourism . 
  you know . 
   you ca n't just detain people without any evidence of a crime . 
  it is illegal to stay in germany if you do n't have a residence permit . 
  we already rushed to provide that infrastructure in 2015 . 
  and since the numbers of arrivals went down , many of these are unused . 
  put two guards at the front entrance that do n't let anyone out and you have turned a asylum center into a detention center . 
  agree . 
  he should have used : `` in the year of our lord two thousand seventeen , and of the creation of the european union the twenty-fourth . 
  if you do n't pay your debt , and refuse to give a statement of wealth to the court officer , a judge can issue an arrest warrant , if you are arrested and still refuse to give your statement you will be imprisoned . 
  that 's what we call erzwingungshaft . 
  no trial necessary . 
  you will be released the minute you give your statement . 
  if you refuse to give a witness statement in front of a court , the judge can put you into prison . 
  no trial necessary . 
  you will be released the minute you give your statement . 
  the german state already has means to make people cooperate with authorities . 
  we just have to expand these means to identity verifications . 
  i can live with that risk if the alternative is to let criminals roam our streets unhindered because they refuse to cooperate with the authorities . 
  especially if we are talking about people who are already considered dangerous . 
  the head of the police was talking about people who already have connections to extremists groups and already pose a threat .
