  how much are you willing to bet ? 
  sounds like easy money for me . 
  everyone spoke and speaks about asylum seekers . 
  and 54 % of all people who requested asylum in germany in december 2015 were from syria . 
  so it 's pretty easy to make that connection . 
  gay nazi communist slav hating vegetarians with bicycles . 
  as long as everyone only brings a small carry-on up to 11 pounds . 
  who cares . 
  poland could finally be free from the soviet union 2.0 that is controlled by germany . 
  the eu commission is n't probing poland for raiding news agencies though . 
  it only takes a third of the eu members to make the eu commission start a rule of law review . 
  so if germany violated the rule of law , poland should have no problems to find enough countries to request a probing from the eu commission . 
  or it has something to do with the fact that the framework that is used against poland was only adopted on 11 march 2014 . 
  not when you visit another country for vacation . 
  but if you work in another country , do business in another country or just transport goods to another country , border checks are a pain in the ass and they start to cost you . 
  with schengen you can live in poland , while working in germany for a company that has clients in poland and germany . 
  you wo n't even notice if you cross the border a dozen times a day . 
  try that without schengen and just 15 minutes ( we 're optimistic here ) waiting time at each border . 
  that 's basically the [ hotspot ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/dgs/home-affairs/what-we-do/policies/european-agenda-migration/background-information/docs/2_hotspots_en.pdf ) idea the commission had . 
  some first hotspots are currently getting implemented in italy and greece . 
  and people that are found to be eligible for asylum are then relocated via the scheme the eu agreed upon . 
  greece has [ currently ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/dgs/home-affairs/what-we-do/policies/european-agenda-migration/press-material/docs/state_of_play_-_hotspots_en.pdf ) reception capacity for 1840 people . 
  unfortunately that 's not even enough for a full day of asylum seekers . 
  i 'll pick you as representative for all the other eea citizens that name eea countries : what 's stopping you from moving to denmark ? 
  voice of america ? 
  radio free europe ? 
   once out im sure you 'll find it a hell of alot easier to come here . 
  you seem to believe that the eu sets the immigration policy of a eu-member state . 
  it does not . 
  poland can always leave the eu . 
  once they did that , vegetarian cyclists from the eu commission ( i.e. 
  germany obviously ) will stop to remind them about the democratic principles of the eu . 
   are jobs most danes do n't want to do . 
  for the money that is offered . 
  and the increased interest in self defense is so significant that searches for adele ( red ) , dschungelcamp ( yellow ) , sonnenfinsternis ( green ) and iphone 6s ( purple ) easily trump it . 
  nope . 
  it 's sonnenfinsternis ( solar eclipse ), 
  let 's play a fun game . 
  guess the other 4 words . 
  http://i.imgur.com/b42jm5r.png blue is the pfefferspray . 
  start digging an ocean . 
  you do n't get to know who someone really is just by fingerprinting them . 
  it does n't spit out a name and citizenship if you register someone in an empty database . 
  i 'm pretty sure they know that he has requested asylum under different identities because of an entry ( that gets amended with his other requests ) in the eu asylum database . 
  she singlehandedly caused the migration crisis in late august 2015 . 
   you already did ? 
  it 's just transport of merchandise that is affected . 
  romania ca n't issue schengen-visa to people who are n't eligible but pay a bribe . 
  pay for a subscription . 
  it 's an interview , not news . 
  reddit said something mean . 
  how horrible . 
  totally comparable to high ranked politicians who say something . 
  you must have missed the `` in their case '' . 
  if the limit for immigration is below 1 % per year , we have to leave the eu . 
  in 2014 the immigration from eu citizens alone was already at 0.78 % ( 2013 : 0.65 % ) of our population . 
  and that number did n't go down in 2015 . 
  and it wo n't go down in 2016 . 
   i think you are going a bit too far . 
  if we close the borders and the question was : how de we close the borders ? 
  judging by the election results that follow such polls , these far-right voters are scared of voting far-right in anonymous election booths as well . 
  do you realize who the vice-chancellor is ? 
  and do you know who votes the chancellor into office ? 
  we can always flee to eastern europe . 
  that 's exactly what ziobro did . 
  and as the posters on \\ / r/europe say , if they compare you to nazis , you must be right . 
  you know , like viktor orban is also right . 
  lol so you believe in a year from now there 'll be a civil war in germany . 
  unfortunately the first is completely independent from the second . 
  you wo n't stop the stream of refugees if you resettle people from camps . 
  the eu did resettling years ago , did n't stop the current influx . 
  heck , it did n't even stop the influx of hundred thousands of asylum seekers before merkel started the refugee crisis in late august 2015 . 
  ca n't get much worse than hungary and slovenia controlling our borders . 
  that 's how we ended up with more than a million asylum seekers last year . 
   the whole refugee experiment is based on the premise that they will be able to fill out those jobs currently available in germany . 
  nope . 
  it 's based on the premise of human rights . 
  and it 's not an experiment . 
  that refugees might help to overcome workers shortage or the demographic change is a variant of `` if life gives you lemons , make lemonade '' . 
  yet the government ( i.e. 
  the minister for employment ) talks about increasing the minimum wage in 2017 . 
  protip for concerned citizens who want to protest peaceful against failed asylum policies : do n't bring fireworks and do n't throw bottles at police officers . 
  basically , do it like the women who protested . 
  not like groups that march with hooligans against salafists . 
   to external camps in north africa what camps ? 
  and why would a country on the poorest continent build refugee camps so the largest economic block in the world could dump their asylum seekers on them ? 
   and then pretty much the australian model . 
  who is going to be europe 's papua new guinea ? 
  hungary declared serbia a safe third country . 
  so people who enter hungary from serbia do n't have the right to asylum . 
  but the fence only works because slovenia does n't have a fence . 
  how certain are you that these afghans were n't part of the group of at least 200,000 people ^ ^ [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:first_time_asylum_applicants,_q3_2014_\u2013_q3_2015.png ) that orban let into the schengen area ? 
  hey , it 's worth a shot , it ca n't get that much worse than isis . 
  this has nothing to do with nazis . 
  this has all to do with people who throw glass bottles and fireworks at police officers . 
  i doubt that the us police would do nothing when they are faced with such a situation . 
  want to protest peacefully without being bothered by the police ? 
  keep the fireworks at home and do n't throw fucking bottles at the police !, 
   how many policemen were present on nye in cologne and from which forces ? 
  probably every single city police officer from cologne .
