  nor does it force germany to prevent people from leaving the country . 
  germany has to register asylum seekers once they entered germany , that was done . 
  once an asylum seeker has left germany to request asylum in another country the authorities of that country can and will file a dublin relocation request with germany . 
  if germany comes to the conclusion that they are in fact responsible , the asylum seeker will be brought back to germany . 
  in 2016 around 12,000 asylum seekers were brought back to germany under the dublin rules . 
  at the same time around 4,000 asylum seekers were brought from germany to other countries . 
   not really by hungary . 
  hungary has literally informed the eu and the other member states that it will no longer adhere to the dublin regulations . 
   but suspended by hungary . 
  for a few weeks in 2015 . 
  not relevant at all in the grand scheme . 
  germany just used the article of the dublin regulations that allows countries to voluntarily assume responsibility for processing asylum seekers . 
  one has to keep in mind that this was done to incentivise the countries with external borders to actually enforce their borders . 
  the alternative would have been eu border guards with law enforcement capabilities . 
  and member states do n't want that because they would lose a lot of sovereignty . 
  it 's not a coincidence that it took a million asylum seekers to turn frontex ( with 0 law enforcement officers ) into the european border and coast guard . 
  but the ebcg still has not enough of a mandate to get rid of the dublin regulations . 
  the whole point of asylum is to protect people who are persecuted because of their believes . 
  would be rather stupid to exclude people because they have particular believes . 
  if they face persecution in turkey they will receive asylum . 
  no matter if they are erdogan himself , gulenists or neonazis . 
   why is this even being reported on ? 
  they said sex \\* giggle \\*, 
  my hovercraft is full of eels, 
   destroy isis still waiting for the super secret plans he wanted to reveal within the first 30 days of his presidency . 
  i hope some reporter will ask him about it . 
  nope . 
  it 's a tragedy for everyone except for the people that abuse the system . 
  the amount of grants is limited , and the grants that are invested in hungarian fake pensions wo n't be invested in businesses that will provide long-term value for hungary . 
  now you 're entering conspiracy land . 
  the eu does n't factor in the abuse of funds to keep the abusers happy . 
   needless to say , eastern authorities are less likely to fall for that type of stuff , as they 're more used to it . 
  then there should n't be a problem . 
  because it 's not brussels who decides if they should send a grant to a fake pension in rural hungary . 
  these projects are decided by regional and national authorities . 
  and these authorities are the ones that have to check if the projects are eligible . 
  the eu just sends the money . 
  because the eu wants to use the results of the research ? 
   it is eus fault . 
  which sane person would give away money without actually checking the money goes to it intended purpose ? 
  a person that believes the other person that is actually responsible for handing out the money does the checks both have agreed on . 
  the second person is the member state . 
  basically all eu grants are handed out by national and regional governments . 
   why do eu need to say spend this on this . 
  the eu funds exist for a particular purpose . 
  they are not general grants to make poor countries less poor . 
  if the eu would hand out unconditional money the national governments would add them to their general budget and use them to pay pensions or public workers . 
  now they have to use them to improve infrastructure or to attract businesses . 
  the eu wants to fund projects that manage to improve the economy long-term . 
  not because of dogmatism , but because there 's a real risk that your debt driven economy fails when something bad happens with the economy or the debt market . 
  if you grow the economy by increasing public spending even during good times you tend to create bubbles that need constant influx of public money . 
  when you reduce spending your economy contracts . 
  unfortunately your debt is still there , so your debt-to-gdp ratio increases . 
  this will make acquiring more debt harder , which will force you to reduce spending . 
  rinse and repeat to the point where you need a bailout . 
  if you could easily spend your way out , greece would have not needed a bailout . 
  so they would have never needed to implement austerity policies . 
   and you can easily ` spend your way out ' if it 's that easy why does n't every country do it ? 
  it 's more like an investment . 
  if you lend someone money you expect the same amount back . 
  not more , not less . 
  if you invest you hope to get more money back than you invested . 
   and that 's why you are puppets of nato and usa . 
  considering that france and germany did n't participate in the war in iraq , we are very bad puppets . 
   if we need redistribution hand it out as a check and make national governments responsible . 
  that 's how most projects that receive eu funds work . 
  basically only projects that follow a `` call for proposals '' from the eu are decided on a eu level . 
  everything else is managed together with national and regional authorities . 
  there 's no eu bureaucrat that decides about the 500 $ eu grant for an art project . 
  why do you believe that fraunhofer will deliver better results if they get 118 million euro from germany instead of 68 million from the eu and 50 million from germany ? 
  second edition just a bit better than the original . 
   tight control of the euro . 
  we have so much control of the euro that the top people of the german national bank and sch\u00e4uble constantly complain about the policies of the ecb . 
  but i guess that 's all for show to keep sheeple like me unaware of the truth . 
  your sarcasm is way too subtle . 
  you can thank us later that we added article 50 when we wrote the lisbon treaty and made you agree to it . 
  that 's the economic school of `` increase spending when economy is healthy and also increase spending when the economy is struggling '' . 
  confusing vat rules are not a german speciality . 
  basically all countries that have two or more vat brackets have them . 
  in december the uk hmrc [ changed its decision ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/books/2016/dec/14/hmrc-changes-decision-over-vat-for-adult-colouring-books ) that adult coloring books are not vat exempt because they are n't considered books because they are incomplete . 
  now only adult coloring books that are specifically marketed towards adults are not considered books . 
  if they are n't specifically marketed towards adults the tax authorities will consider them child coloring books , which are vat exempt . 
  here are more : http://home.bt.com/lifestyle/money/money-tips/11-strange-things-we-pay-vat-on-in-the-uk-11364013797693, 
  serious : can you elaborate ? 
  i believe the debt `` sch\u00e4uble '' wants to collect is part of the `` eurozone government '' stuff in this [ wsj graph ] ( http://graphics.wsj.com/greece-debt-timeline/ ) , and that part does n't become due before 2020 . 
   i have looked up the numbers - first level tax rate in germany is 14 % , in the uk 20 % , so the taxes in germany are actually lower ... now add the mandatory social contributions . 
  pension insurance , unemployment insurance , health insurance , nursing care insurance . 
  generally you wo n't become a tax haven if you collect a lot of taxes . 
  in case someone is interested in the data : https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/populationandmigration/internationalmigration/bulletins/migrationstatisticsquarterlyreport/feb2017, 
  if they re-cut interviews to change what the interviewed person said , yes . 
   schulz has the advantage of not being sigmar `` das pack '' gabriel ( i.e. 
  someone who has yet to alienate the core constituence of the spd ) you believe neonazis that throw stones and glass bottles against asylum centers are the core constituency of the spd ? 
  with me he gained a lot of respect by having the balls to say in front of a tv camera what everyone is thinking . 
  the potholes are part of the training . 
  we have many of them as well . 
  if only there were things that are real problems right now that they could tackle instead . 
  it 's a pointless pr move . 
  `` no need to vote afd , we have islam in check '' . 
  a niqab is considered a full-face veil as well . 
  the point is that the conclusion that a full-face veil impairs your vision is wrong .
