  i forgot basically everything except `` je m ` apelle '' and `` je ne sais pas '' . 
   the same can be said for most european languages . 
  indeed . 
  and that 's why basically everyone in europe learns english as first foreign language . 
  you learn your local language to be able to communicate with the people in your direct vicinity and english for everyone else . 
  because nobody speaks it . 
  english is fine , as this thread shows . 
  the world also does n't end at the borders of the eu . 
  good luck with esperanto being your only foreign language if your job involves international cooperation . 
   as turkey has no leverage over the us . 
  except for future defence deals . 
  poland has the european border and coast guard agency , formerly known as frontex . 
  the ones that are cheaper obviously . 
  after all they are equally qualified . 
  but for the jobs we are talking about , the difference will be somewhere between 0 $ and 1.50 $ . 
  as i said , not every business violates wage agreements and laws . 
  but do you eat more than the average german ? 
  not everyone runs a shady business that ignores laws . 
  but maybe germans believe they should be paid at least twice the amount for the same work . 
  and then he starts hating immigrants because businesses do n't pay him 17.68 $ for unskilled work . 
  lol germany can issue as many work visa as it wants . 
  there 's no need to force the eu to give visa-free access to ukrainians and then allow them to stay illegally . 
  no roots in reality ? 
  send me a dozen germans who are motivated and wo n't call in sick the very first work day , and i 'll get them a job where they can start tomorrow . 
  no qualifications necessary . 
   people here already suffer enough from balkan people coming here and voluntarily working for half the minimum wage . 
  maybe we should start enforcing the law . 
   we could easily grab a small portion of their land and defend it , probably in exchange for some money to local militias . 
  putin , is that you ? 
  what stopped the v4 from forming a coalition of the willing to implement something like that ? 
  july 30 , 2015 : https://dailynewshungary.com/the-budapest-keleti-railway-station-has-become-a-refugee-camp-photos/ august 24 , 2015 : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/germany-opens-its-gates-berlin-says-all-syrian-asylum-seekers-are-welcome-to-remain-as-britain-is-10470062.html fun fact : in the initial drafts of the eu refugee relocation scheme , hungary , greece and italy were the 3 countries that would send refugees to other eu countries . 
  without dubious ties there would be no narrative . 
  for some reason these innocent right wingers with absolutely no ties to russia always forget about their meetings with russia . 
  yes . 
   can you not generalise 50m people ( including me ) ? 
  it was n't me who said that it 'll end bad for muslims if they come to poland . 
  and i 'm sure she did that because she is a woman that hates the military and not because the parliament decided to cut the defence budget . 
  so you are saying the media is doing their job . 
  nothing that 350 million # per week ca n't fix . 
   if military experience is n't required for a top defense position , why was it such a big deal that trump never held a government position prior to his presidency . 
  how is one okay but not the other ? 
  a defence minister is a politician and not a solider . 
  a us president is a politician and not a tv host . 
  in countries where you ca n't attract soldiers with `` free university '' because it 's free or very cheap for everyone , the alternative to `` family friendly '' is `` not attractive as an employer '' . 
  the top photo was taken at a nato summit . 
  that 'll scare them off . 
  no need for scary looking `` generals '' who never served . 
  but maybe i 'm missing why a woman who has never served is less capable of being defence minister than a man who has never served . 
   forcing us to take them is going to end badly first and foremost for the immigrants . 
  in other words : the only thing that stops a pole from attacking muslims is the lack of muslims . 
  i too wish we were more like russia and iran . 
   european friends ? 
  you mean french bankers ? 
  are you implying that macron wo n't pursue his campaign promises ? 
   that would cost more it probably would n't . 
  food labels already have to be in local language . 
  so a lot of companies print a different packaging for each country already . 
   they are free to fine tune . 
  they should just sell it as `` oreo portugal '' or whatever they want to call it just not simply `` oreo '' . 
  or they sell it as ` oreo ' and the portugal becomes implicit because the product is labelled in portuguese only . 
  and when you see an oreo product that is labelled in portuguese you know it 's `` oreo portugal '', 
  there 's a massive step from that to defining that items sold under one brand must be identical . 
  please define quality . 
  nutella contains 13 % hazelnuts . 
  nudossi contains 36 % hazelnuts . 
  which one is the inferior product ? 
  and to which level should we set the european minimum ? 
   people smuggle every day products like cleaning products and sweets and making bank charging 20-30 % less than the store price . 
  in capitalism these people would open a business to sell the quality products . 
   `` products with the same branding must contain the same ingredients everywhere '' and now define `` same ingredients '' in a way that allows companies to have multiple sources in multiple countries while still maintaining the ability to adjust recipes for taste . 
  thankfully the brits left the eu . 
  otherwise this regulation would remove 1 gram of sugar from each can of sprite sold in the uk . 
  the eastern european supermarkets just have a higher margin on their sales . 
  i can guarantee you that it 's the retailers that ask the producers for products of a lesser quality . 
  the point is how do you objectively differentiate between less quality and different recipe . 
  because that 's what you need if you want to introduce legislation . 
  british sprite contains more sugar than austrian sprite . 
  are austrians ripped off ? 
   why are n't we just copying australia ? 
  because we do n't have a country that is willing to play papua new guinea in our version of the australian solution . 
   why the hell should we care with libya thinks ? 
  we ca n't strong-arm them ? 
  because a week later we tell putin that he ca n't strong-arm ukraine . 
  too long ; did n't write : parliamentary oversight . 
   they should either share their intelligence with turkey ( which they do n't ) you mean : 1 . 
  german parliament should not call the armenian genocide a genocide . 
  germany should return turks , and especially turkish soldiers , who request asylum in germany because that 's what this is about . 
  and if the intelligence these `` obsolete '' planes gather is so worthless , why does turkey want unrestricted ( the data is strictly for anti-isis missions only ) access to the data ? 
  seems like a waste of time . 
  with pineapple ? 
   how much better the us legal system is because the driver would have gotten +30 years in prison . 
  from reading / r/bicycling and the critical mass facebook group from my time in florida i have to say that it also depends on the case . 
  there are plenty of cases where cyclists and pedestrians have been killed and the perpetrators got away without jail time . 
  the majority of cases is definitely way below 30 years imprisonment . 
  but maybe these harsh sentences are reserved for when you kill 2-year-olds . 
   if they wo n't police their own shores , europe must . 
  if they do n't protect russian minorities , russia must . 
  i knew i 've heard that argument before . 
  taxis are regulated because taxis fulfil an important function for society . 
  not because anyone cares about the drivers .
