  no idea how many that were . 
  on top of that there was state police . 
  state police are basically anti-riot and arrest units , they are only used as reinforcements for larger events . 
  cologne requested 3 platoons ( \u00e0 38 officers ) before nye . 
  because the events could n't be foreseen , the state police only gave them 2 platoons , last year they gave them 1 platoon . 
  as with other large events , the local police is in constant contact with a coordination center . 
  after that center heard about the situation in cologne , they offered to send 3 additional platoons of state police to cologne . 
  that offer was declined . 
   can someone explain how the anti-pegida protester thinks that it 's not about refugees ? 
  who says they think that ? 
  one can protest against pegida , * hooligans against salafists * or the other groups in cologne while condemning the nye attacks . 
  yep . 
  let pegida throw bottles and fireworks at the police . 
  not a problem at all . 
  these are the good guys . 
  they should n't have to follow laws . 
  groups like * hooligans against salafists * are just concerned citizens that are oppressed by liberal media . 
   maybe the police should n't have let a bunch of women get sexually violated ... 
  indeed . 
  police in cologne should have accepted the offer of 3 platoons ( \u00e0 38 officers ) state police when they were offered by the coordination center during that night . 
   i would be angry too . 
  i do n't condemn them . 
  no problem with that . 
  you just have to deal with the consequences . 
  and one of the consequences is that no sane person will listen to you . 
  too bad . 
  europe has non-refugee immigrants . 
  these pakistanis are probably students . 
  maybe the peaceful ones ( the `` hooligans against salafists '' for example ) should n't have thrown bottles and fireworks at the police . 
  because the police of cologne made mistakes , like not requesting reinforcements from the state police . 
  today they did n't make these mistakes . 
  just because they failed to stop one violent mob does n't mean they have to look away when there 's another violent mob . 
  the police that is currently dealing with pegida is state police . 
  they do n't fuck around like your average city cop . 
  during new year 's eve , the coordination center offered to send 3 additional platoons of state police ( \u00e0 38 police officers ) to cologne . 
  cologne declined that offer . 
  after protesters have thrown fireworks and bottles at the police . 
  i would bet quite a bit of money that cologne could have requested water cannons on new year 's eve . 
  similar to how they were offered 100 state police officers and declined . 
  the canadian point system is really great if you have a fucking ocean between you and the asylum seekers . 
  that 's what we did in 2013 , when germany resettled 40,000 syrians from camps in lebanon and jordan . 
  as we know today , that action did n't stop the influx . 
   considering europe is their most important trade partner they should n't have the option to refuse . 
  considering that europe exports more to morocco than morocco exports to europe trade sanctions are n't the best idea . 
  the eu also does n't speak with one voice in that matter . 
  asylum , which includes deportations , is a national matter . 
  would france , morocco 's biggest trading partner by a large margin , sanction the trade so germany could deport moroccans faster ? 
  merkel obviously . 
   but looking back at what happened , i dont believe something like this ( if it happened ) would be ever reported by western media have you read the article ? 
  especially these parts :  outlined by der spiegel and bild newspapers on thursday --  a police officer anonymously told the expressnewspaper --  german media said that police were --  merkel told a news conference in berlin . 
  but thanks god we have rt , who have their reporters on-site and will always tell us the truth that left wing liberal media in the west wo n't tell . 
  i have the feeling you do n't understand the asylum system . 
  the countries that have external schengen borders will stop them and force them to register . 
  while registering their fingerprints in the eurodac database , a warning is shown to indicate that the person has a lifetime schengen ban . 
  at least that 's what slovenia promised when they joined schengen . 
  hamburg wo n't host the 2024 olympics . 
  deport those that violate their visa terms . 
   problem is that they get citizenships too fast what ? 
  if they receive refugee status , they can apply for citizenship after 6 years . 
  and they get citizenship if they are able to support themselves without receiving welfare . 
  and they have to pass a language and integration test . 
  and on top of that they must not have been convicted of serious crimes ( rape , sexual assault or robbery are such serious crimes ) . 
  if they are for citizens of tunisia or morocco , they do n't receive refugee status . 
  and without refugee status they do n't qualify for citizenship at all . 
   likely , they deployed similarly to how they had for the past 50 years . 
  cologne requested 3 platoons state police before the event . 
  the state police gave them 2 platoons . 
  last year they only requested 1 platoon . 
  during the night , police in cologne and all other cities in the state communicated with a coordination center in duisburg . 
  after the coordination center knew about the situation in cologne , they offered to send 3 additional platoons . 
  cologne declined . 
  they probably underestimated the number of criminal activity in front of the train station . 
  if that kind of wrong judgement is enough to force someone to resign is another question . 
  both are true , somewhat . 
  the police requested 3 platoons before new year 's eve , the state police only gave them 2 platoons . 
  last year they gave them 1 platoon . 
  according to the state police the escalation in cologne was not foreseeable . 
  but cologne could have ordered more police during the actual operation . 
  and during that night the state police offered 3 additional platoons . 
  google translate :  it was also on friday announced that the cologne police headquarters has been offered during the mass attacks around the hauptbahnhof reinforcement of the national police , but did not accept this . 
  a spokesman for the state office for central police services nrw ( lzpd ) confirmed that personnel from aachen , wuppertal and gelsenkirchen could advance . 
  in the three cities a train , each with 38 officers have been ready . 
  the control center in duisburg have been with cologne charge in constant contact . 
  by accepting the 3 platoons ( \u00e0 38 police officers ) that were offered by the state police after they heard about the situation in cologne . 
  `` it 's all deliberate . 
  we are not the eu , we actually know what we 're doing . 
  uk greatest empire of all ! '', 
  if neo-nazis who patrol the streets wo n't intimidate you , a group of people who want to talk about ~ ~ god ~ ~ alcohol while handing out leaflets ca n't intimidate you either . 
  are you intimidated by jehovas witnesses ? 
  me neither . 
  but i sure as hell am intimidated by salafists and neo-nazis who patrol the streets . 
  so they are like the infamous * sharia police * ? 
  do you at least allow them a fair trial ? 
  but they have realistic chances to stay in germany because both countries hate to take their citizens back . 
  even more so if these citizens are criminals . 
  the state police offered 100 police officers as reinforcement . 
  the police in cologne declined that offer . 
  state police is the police that is used during demonstrations . 
  they are trained in crowd control and anti-riot measures . 
  they are also trained to arrest groups of violent people .
