  for goods like alcohol , tobacco and coffee the eu has created quantities for which they consider personal use automatically . 
  so you are allowed to bring 800 cigarettes and 10 liters of liquor or 90 liter wine or 110 liter beer with no questions asked . 
  if you bring more than that , the customs officer might ask you to prove that you import these things for personal use . 
  which can get complicated . 
  if you buy tobacco you have to be extra careful . 
  if the tobacco was n't properly taxed in the eu you are not allowed to bring it from another eu country . 
  exception is if you just travelled via this country , in that case the extra-eu travel limit applies ( 200 cigarettes ) . 
  so if you bought cigarettes in the us , then you took a plane to the netherlands and went to germany by car it 's legal . 
  if your polish friend gives you cigarettes he bought in ukraine and you bring them to germany it 's illegal . 
  \\* for goods that you can transport in your hand luggage . 
  boats , cars and trucks have other restrictions . 
  and the rules for fuel will be different as well . 
   basically you can bring pretty much anything as long as it goes to the cargo in plane . 
  if you bring them for personal use . 
  so you might have to prove that the two suitcases of cigarettes are for your own consumption . 
  seriously , more than 800 cigarettes , 10 kilograms of coffee or 10 liters schnaps might get you into trouble . 
   love the us but my worst thing about it is the difficulty to get in to the country . 
  i 'm always worried someone is going to have a bad day and then block my entrance . 
  i think it needs at least two people who need to have a bad day . 
  as a single male 30 year old self-employed software developer who travels alone and likes to visit friends who have founded tech companies in the us , i 'm a regular suspect of illegal employment . 
  so i 've spent many hours waiting for secondary questioning . 
  not once was i treated unfair , and not once did i have the feeling that the officer in front of me uses anything besides his judgement as a professional . 
  they always asked on-the-point questions , and i was out of secondary screening after a few minutes of questioning . 
  after more than two dozen trips and at least one dozen secondary screenings i would say that someone who does not intend to violate one of the rules has nothing to worry . 
  i doubt that you will be rejected entry just because someone has a bad day . 
  okay , i stand corrected . 
  the hospital has that bill . 
  because that 's how they charge the insurance . 
  even if both are public . 
  the hospitals ca n't just grab whatever money they need from the insurance fund . 
  if you request it you will probably get that bill . 
  but these are probably turks . 
  they are now viewed very differently from before the current refugee crisis . 
  they went from `` uneducated muslim scum from east anatolia , who want to destroy europe and we have way to many of them anyway '' to `` cool people who are n't really muslim and are in no way representative of muslims '' within one refugee crisis . 
  it 's weird . 
   nevertheless , i think we should go one step further and , in addition to just distributing these texts , offer mandatory , assisted courses that explain the text in-depth . 
  nice idea . 
  but we ca n't even guarantee accepted refugees access to the 660 hour language and integration course . 
  would have been nice if we kept it this way . 
  who would have thought that political parties have more than one point on their agenda . 
  did n't you learn english by reading british law texts and government forms ? 
  at least the constitution does n't contain stuff like `` as regulated in law w article x , paragraph y , sentence z. '', 
  it 's for the other 99.99 % . 
  we do n't stop teaching the constitution in schools just because it does n't prevent people from becoming criminals either . 
  if you want to become a german citizen you have to take the `` leben in deutschland '' test , which contains questions about the constitution . 
   it would hurt pretty much every economy in the eu . 
  does n't matter . 
  giving the uk special treatment will hurt the eu even more . 
  if the uk wants to leave the eu they can join efta . 
  under current efta rules . 
  if we give the uk special treatment , switzerland ( they currently have to decide between access to single market and migrant quotas ) , norway and others will renegotiate next . 
  i said it before . 
  we split the eu into two groups . 
  team asylum and team solution . 
  a uk lead coalition of uk and eastern europe will got to syria to erect and maintain a safe zone for the next few decades , while the other team hosts refugees . 
  the problem is the willingness to protect people in syria . 
  and . 
  i would n't count on the us in that regard . 
  after they receive ( d ) constant flak from europe for their meddling in the middle east i have the feeling that they are unwilling to stop the refugee influx to europe with an invasion in syria . 
  anyway , will the coalition forces defend the safe zone to the last man , or will they withdraw when they are under a serious attack ? 
  how many dead soldiers do the european governments tolerate until the electorate decides that keeping people safe in syria is not our problem ? 
  even if you only have minor insurgencies against the safe zone , that operation will take a very long time . 
  and the problem of a safe zone for civilians is that it has to be massive . 
  this wo n't be a military camp with massive walls and reinforced structures that protect you from mortar attacks . 
  we would declare whole districts a safe zone . 
  and then we would patrol the area . 
  and suddenly ieds are everywhere . 
  insurgents hide in houses to attack coalition troops . 
  and at night isis comes out and kills a bunch of civilians . 
  next day you see videos on youtube titled `` us ca n't keep civilians safe . 
  a safe zone in syria is a pipe dream . 
  muslims . 
  we have to get rid of all muslims . 
  even the muslim that was stabbed . 
  when exactly was the eu a economic union ? 
  even the treaties of rome ( 1957 ) had a political component , namely the formation of a common parliament . 
   a state actor would n't dare to attack because of the us troops like in srebrenica , \u017depa or all the other safe zones during the bosnian war ? 
   a smaller force could be easily defeated by the troops guarding the safe zone including airstrikes and artillery . 
  and how many civilians will die between the attack and the defeat of the attackers ? 
  somebody has to pay for our free shipping , 
  the fun part starts when you realize that the amount of nitrous oxide ( that 's vw 's problem ) increases if you lower the actual fuel consumption . 
   we are trying to do you good . 
  selectively . 
  i bet 10 $ that the perpetrator got his asylum application denied just before he stabbed the officer . 
  people that do n't qualify for protection wo n't interpret their rejection note as something good . 
  obviously . 
  productivity in 2013 ( luxembourg and malta 2012 ) . 
  unit is * euro per hour worked * : http://i.imgur.com/lsgxkro.png i kept the country order the same . 
  and i hope i matched the country codes correctly . 
  source : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/en/web/products-datasets/-/tsdec310, 
  they will always catch up . 
  sooner or later the pace will slow down . 
  and at that point there will still be a huge gap to , let 's say , france and the netherlands . 
  to cite the current statistics . 
  france is currently at 45.60 euro labor productivity per hour worked , the netherlands are at 45.80 euro . 
  romania , which showed the most growth between 2002 and 2013 is at 5.60 euro per hour worked . 
  latvia 8.40 , lithuania 10.60 , estonia 11.40 , slovakia 13.20 , bulgaria 4.90 , poland 10.60 . 
  as i said ( or wanted to say ) , if you start with a productivity of 1 euro you have improved your productivity by 100 % if you add another euro . 
  if you start at 40 euro you have increased your productivity by 2.5 % if you add the same euro . 
  on top of that it 's 3d .
