  it 's one thing if it 's about something like housing , because it 's hard to come up with new housing quickly . 
  and housing that is not in the city where you need it is not very helpful . 
  but there is an abundance of canteen food suppliers that can and will do the job for way less than 20 $ per meal . 
  you do n't even have to source canteen food locally . 
  you can transport pre-cooked food through whole europe . 
  20 $ per meal is literally 600 $ per month . 
  and of course the city council in munich does n't ask why this is necessary . 
  for only one refugee shelter nonetheless . 
  so there are refugee shelters that pay less than that . 
  it sounds like one of these fictional horror stories that are shared on facebook . 
  -- edit : i did some research . 
  these contracts are tendered publicly . 
  here 's one : http://ted.europa.eu/udl?uri=ted:notice:286606-2015:text:de:html so every company in the eu can bid to feed refugees in munich . 
  so it 's really hard to believe that no one will do it for less than 20 $ per meal . 
  there 's also this article : http://www.welt.de/wirtschaft/article146090010/das-grosse-geschaeft-mit-der-fluechtlings-verpflegung.html which says that some sources in the catering industry say that munich even pays 16 $ per person and day . 
  since the contract is publicly tendered one could assume that just no other bidder was able to do it for less . 
  that 's 16 $ for three meals btw . 
  which is still a lot , but without cooking facilities in the shelters catering will be more challenging , because you have to deliver the meals ready to eat . 
  it will either be with a concrete un mission for syria or not at all . 
  germany wo n't partake in a coalition of the willing that sends ground troops . 
  not even if france is part of it . 
  sure thing . 
  building hundreds of kilometers pipeline very quickly . 
  just dig a trench and throw it in . 
  how many unemployed pipeline welders does turkey have ? 
  and where do they get the material ? 
  for example the equipment they need in compressor stations ? 
  or even just the pipes ? 
  building a pipelines very quickly is not realistic . 
   germany stabbing eastern europe in the back with nord stream 2 i hate to break it to you , but nord stream 2 is a project of gazprom and a multi-national consortium of royal dutch shell , e.on , omv , and engie . 
  dutch and deutsch may look similar , but they describe two different countries . 
  is the infrastructure for these other options already in place ? 
  not going to happen . 
  if russia does that the eu will make it a top priority to switch away from russian gas . 
  and other countries will follow . 
  russia will not use the oil and gas trade as a leverage . 
  they did n't even do that during the high times of the cold war . 
  til the eu controls the borders of hungary and slovenia . 
   but any change in open border zones should not include germany port of hamburg is looking forward to that . 
  i 'm surprised . 
  considering the huge fuss the uk makes about immigration i would have expected numbers much higher than that . 
  that 's literally half of the net migration of germany in 2014 , which was 676,730 people . 
  you want a law ? 
  every eu country has ratified the un refugee convention . 
  no it wo n't . 
  during the cold war the us shot down 3 soviet planes , and the soviets shot down 15 us planes . 
  since we are still here one can assume that world war 3 did not start . 
  i think you misunderstood them . 
  they were talking about people that currently want to flee to germany . 
  i have talked to asylum seekers who honestly believed that jobs are waiting for them , they would get a nice house and they would even receive interest free loans . 
  that is not the case and was never the case . 
  yet they believed it . 
  once they are in germany asylum seekers will learn pretty quickly that germany is not the paradise that was described by the people that took their money to bring them to germany . 
  you can always try your luck in the ~ ~ greencard lottery ~ ~ diversity visa program . 
  i 've heard the chances of winning are not that small . 
   $ 110k for new graduates in computer science excluding any stocks in the san francisco bay area . 
  what are the rent prices over there ? 
  already in the 4000s for a small apartment ? 
   as there are coming in enough skilled workers from other countries . 
  or even the same country . 
  in 2013 -- 32,354 people moved from germany to the usa . 
  and 31,418 people moved from the us to germany . 
  and those that come here are not only students who want cheap education ( 20.1 % ) . 
  there are plenty of high-skilled people among them . 
  that 's how thanksgiving looks in germany : http://www.br.de/franken/inhalt/kultur/erntedankfest-umzug-2015-fuerth-100.html enjoy staying at home , watching tv and eating until you are sick . 
  and do n't forget to throw the leftovers into the trash . 
   well , thanksgiving is not really a holiday here . 
  because it 's on a sunday and only christians really care . 
   and all 18-year-old italians would get a `` culture card '' worth $ 500 to spend on theatres , museums and archaeological sites . 
  sounds like a good idea . 
  should be expanded to people who migrate to italy as well . 
  i assume most of the theaters , museums and archeological sites are state-owned anyway , so the cost of that would n't be that high . 
  and once we 're there , turn these `` culture cards '' into vip passes that allow people to jump the line of waiting tourists . 
  otherwise people might not be inclined to use them . 
  because proud european citizens would lose their shit if we `` reward '' muslims for `` their '' terrorist attacks . 
   the reality is , russia bullies and scares those countries , thats why they never shot a russian jet down . 
  i guess the us are also scared ? 
  because they do n't blindly shoot down airspace violating airplanes either . 
  nato did n't shoot down a russian airplane for 60 years . 
   why let an unidentified su-24 fly through your airspace ? 
  because in this case `` your airspace '' is a 3km wide piece of land that is surrounded by syria on 3 sides . 
  and if the aircraft does n't change to a north leading course , it would have left that airspace 10 seconds later . 
   the turks must have launched their jet while the russians were still over syria of course . 
  that 's what you have to do . 
  starting a jet to intercept an aircraft takes a while . 
  and not only seconds , it takes minutes . 
  then the jet has to reach the enemy aircraft . 
  if you only launch your intercepting jets once the other aircraft has violated your airspace they 'll be deep in your country when you reach them . 
   and then downed it when it was again over syria . 
  they could have fired their missile while the aircraft was still in turkish airspace . 
  according to wikipedia portugal had a [ census ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/census ) in 2011 . 
  the one before was in 2001 between censuses data like population are only estimates , even if you require people to register and de-register locally . 
  these errors accumulates over the years . 
  and when you actually go from door to door to count people , the numbers get corrected and you see a jump in the population statistics . 
  in dresden we have a building that looks like a mosque but is n't a mosque . 
  it 's a former cigarette factory . 
  does that count ? 
  the us put you on that list . 
  http://www.sloveniatimes.com/us-placed-slovenia-on-the-list-of-anti-isis-coalition-without-any-consultation thanks obama !, 
  if nato countries do missions in the same area they usually work closely together to avoid friendly fire .
