  yet they still do n't want immigration . 
  germany : we are following the un refugee convention , which does not allow a limit . 
  greece has already paid back money to the ecb . 
  which technically is in germany . 
  just make sure to tell no-one that you have to agree to eu things like freedom of movement if you want to join efta . 
   or austria saying they 'll kill uk 's reforms if it does n't take any refugees in . 
  or the uk saying they might leave the union if they do n't get the reforms they want . 
  good thing that there are no quotas . 
  and that 's also why the un refugee convention does n't allow quotas . 
  to be honest , if i would travel to munich , i would prefer to be separated from drunk oktoberfest people too . 
  / u/albo221 = account age 27 minutes , spouting racist bullshit, 
  and we 'll sell our land for booze . 
  from now on i will only applaud if someone was forced to do something . 
  smart men that know about family reunion laws . 
   they want to conquer europe since beginning and why the fuck are isis fighters leaving europe for syria if they want to conquer europe ? 
  would n't it be smarter if european isis fighters start to conquer europe ? 
  because resettling refugees from refugee camps does not stop refugees from entering the eu to seek asylum . 
  if you add the non-eu pledges we are talking about 104,000 resettled syrians since 2013 . 
  there are currently around 4,000,000 syrians in refugee camps . 
  many of the remaining 3,896,000 refugees want to leave the refugee camps as well . 
  and that 's what they do . 
  if you do n't want to resettle the 3 million that do n't want to stay in refugee camps , you wo n't be able to stop refugees from trying to enter the eu . 
  though some people want to believe that a very limited resettlement somehow works as a deterrent . 
  but it 's just not true , and it will never be true . 
  and the eu wo n't violate the un refugee convention . 
  so rejecting asylum applications from people that entered the eu is off the table . 
  those isis fighters that blend in with the refugees ... do they blend in better than the isis fighters that have european passports and were already in europe ? 
  isis is very smart . 
  they export 10k european fighters to syria . 
  and then they import 10k fighters from syria . 
   nope , to this day , no eu-wide plan has been proposed to make immigration controllable - to prioritize women , children , disabled , and other vulnerable groups over 20-something men ; establish their receiving quotas ; set up safe transport channels ; improve conditions in syria . 
  because stuff like this does n't need a eu-wide plan . 
  the unhcr resettlement program exists . 
  and the following eu/efta countries participated . 
  - austria ( 1500 humanitarian admissions ) - belgium ( 475 resettlement ) - czech republic ( 70 resettlement ) - denmark ( 390 resettlement ) - finland ( 1150 resettlement ) - france ( 1000 humanitarian admission/resettlement + 1880 visa for syrians to be able to apply for asylum in france ) - germany ( 20,000 humanitarian admission , 15,000 individual sponsorship ) - hungary ( 30 resettlement ) - ireland ( 610 resettlement ) - italy ( 350 resettlement ) - liechtenstein ( 25 resettlement ) - luxembourg ( 60 resettlement ) - netherlands ( 500 resettlement ) - norway ( 9000 resettlement ) - poland ( 100 resettlement ) - portugal ( 23 resettlement , 70 emergency scholarships for higher education ) - romania ( 40 resettlement ) - spain ( 130 resettlement ) - sweden ( 2700 resettlement ) - switzerland ( 3500 resettlement and humanitarian visas + 4700 visas for extended family reunion ) - uk ( vulnerable persons relocation scheme . 
  187 people accepted since 2013 ) http://www.unhcr.org/52b2febafc5.html, 
  that 's exactly what i mean . 
  if people say `` we '' they actually mean `` everybody else first '' . 
  uk says `` we should take refugees from refugee camps in turkey and lebanon '' . 
  since 2013 they resettled around 200 syrian refugees from refugee camps . 
  at the same time germany resettled more than 20,000 syrians from refugee camps . 
  hungary and other eastern european countries want to help refugees where they are . 
  what have they done until today ? 
  i know that the german federal relief agency , thw , is helping the unhcr in jordan since 2012 . 
  they build fresh water and waste treatment infrastructure in refugee camps . 
  they also build a bridge over a river that splits the refugee camp in al azraq . 
  their mission has ended this year . 
  but of course germany has to live up to its actual responsibilities first . 
  fuck that kind of ** we ** . 
  you do n't need a eu wide mission . 
  every single country can help single-handed . 
   i ca n't believe i 'm going to agree with orban , but our message should be `` please do n't come , we 'll do our best to help you where you are '' . 
  i 'm still waiting until one of the countries that want to help them where they are , actually starts to help them where they are . 
  then leave the eu . 
  how many refugees do uk and poland get ? 
  they participated in the invasion of iraq as well . 
  and if we look at the countries in the * multi-national force -- iraq * there wo n't be refugees left for germany and sweden . 
  usa , uk , australia , romania , el salvador , estonia , bulgaria , moldova , albania , ukraine , denmark , czech republic , south korea , tonga , azerbaijan , singapore , bosnia and herzegovina , macedonia , latvia , poland , kazakhstan , armenia , mongolia , georgia , slovakia , lithuania , italy , norway , japan , hungary , netherlands , portugal , new zealand , thailand , philippines , honduras , dominican republic , spain , nicaragua , iceland . 
  people fleeing a civil war in syria happened . 
   eu should also follow cameron 's idea of getting refugees from the camps in jordan , lebanon and turkey . 
  also known as unhcr resettlement . 
  some eu countries started to do this in 2013 already . 
  the problem is that this wo n't stop refugees from entering . 
  so you need to host resettled refugees additionally to `` normal '' asylum seekers . 
  the uk participated in unhcr resettlement as well . 
  they choose to only resettle `` vulnerable persons '' , and they accepted a whopping 187 syrian refugees since 2013 . 
  in comparison , brazil has accepted 7380 syrian refugees . 
   syria has been at war for 3 years , now suddenly this influx of migrants . 
  manfred schmidt , germany 's top migration official has pretty much nailed it :  the situation in transit countries like turkey and lebanon is deteriorating and the syrians ' sense of hopelessness is growing as well . 
  many syrians who fled to neighboring countries had hoped to return . 
  but now they are seeing the situation in syria become worse and worse . 
  nor do they see any opportunities in lebanon or turkey . 
  many children have n't had the possibility of going to school for years now . 
  a lost generation is starting to grow up there . 
  the result is that people now want to go to places where they feel they have the chance to build a life . 
  source : [ spiegel interview ( in english ) ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/top-german-immigration-official-on-influx-of-syrian-refugees-a-1050685.html ), 
  middle of the night in europe is evening in the usa . 
  the evening is a big spike in personal internet use . 
  the un refugee convention disagrees with you . 
  manfred schmidt , germany 's top migration official has pretty much nailed it :  the situation in transit countries like turkey and lebanon is deteriorating and the syrians ' sense of hopelessness is growing as well . 
  many syrians who fled to neighboring countries had hoped to return . 
  but now they are seeing the situation in syria become worse and worse . 
  nor do they see any opportunities in lebanon or turkey . 
  many children have n't had the possibility of going to school for years now . 
  a lost generation is starting to grow up there . 
  the result is that people now want to go to places where they feel they have the chance to build a life . 
  source : [ spiegel interview ( in english ) ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/top-german-immigration-official-on-influx-of-syrian-refugees-a-1050685.html ), 
   afterwards , if eu states want to help turkey/syria/lebanon in sharing the burden of the refugees , they should use cameron 's approach of taking refugees directly from the camps . 
  thus , only people who are threatened from war are selected , and illegal immigration will be discouraged . 
  that approach is called the unhcr refugee quota system and it has been running for years . 
  it does not discourage refugees to enter the eu . 
  because the numbers of voluntarily accepted refugees are very small . 
  and the uk wo n't accept ten-thousands either . 
  they 'll pick a few thousand . 
  how should that discourage refugees from applying for asylum in the eu ? 
  are you an office inspector in the netherlands ? 
  or how do you know who works there ? 
   and many of them will already have children , who speak german by then . 
  so there will have to be programs to allow some of them to stay . 
  there already is .
