  so that must be why every little thing we buy in germany is `` made in china '' . 
  we sell our own products to our poor colonies . 
   migrants of least concern not according to home owners, 
  there will be . 
  schengen has very little to do with this . 
  look at the border between germany and switzerland . 
  both switzerland and germany are in schengen . 
  but switzerland is not in the eu customs union . 
  if the uk leaves the eu , the uk will no longer be in the eu customs union , while ireland stays in the eu customs union . 
  for obvious reasons members of a customs union have to stop uncontrolled influx of goods from countries that are n't in the customs union . 
  it 's not up to the member state to decide how much the external border will be enforced . 
  ireland has to enforce the customs border to the extent defined in the eu treaties . 
  that means that there will be border checkpoints . 
  and people who carry goods above a certain value are no longer allowed to cross the border where they want . 
  which will result in random checks of people who cross the border outside of check points . 
  from a legal standpoint the situation between northern ireland and ireland is not as unique as many people believe . 
  switzerland and norway and their relation to the eu are perfect examples of countries who have a freedom of travel agreement ( i.e. 
  schengen ) but are n't in the same customs union . 
  we will totally get these strange looking toblerone bars as well . 
  no brain drain if you are shot at the border either . 
   there is a large bunch of topics that will get you associated with the far right immediately if you express a critical stance on : [ ... ] obscure trade agreements lol, 
  they already had the phone number of many users . 
  plenty users import their address book into facebook . 
  facebook bought whatsapp so google ca n't buy it . 
  because google could have used whatsapp to push google + , which could have endangered the main product of the facebook corporation . 
  locally on the device they are decrypted . 
  that 's the point where ad-targeting would happen . 
  the eu has no control over external borders . 
  that 's an area that is 100 % in the hands of the member states . 
  v4 can agree on the no-muslims thing , but that 's it . 
  tl ; dr : software has bugs . 
  do n't use software !, 
  maybe lederhoden, 
   people bitch about russia but how many military bases does russia have in the eu compared to the us ? 
  which one is constantly trying to force trade policies ? 
  which one is actually a substantial economy ? 
  and the big question : which one annexes territory in its neighborhood and constantly threatens neighboring countries ? 
  according to eu regulation 596/2014 it is unlawful to disclose insider information in certain ways . 
  that is in fact a free speech restriction . 
  if you work on the finance report for your company and decide to write a facebook post about some details you will not only be charged in front of a civilian court by your company , but also in front of a criminal court . 
  you mean the first one of those cases . 
   people wanted to join eu for free market and free movement then they simply joined the wrong club . 
  they should have joined efta and the eea instead of the eu . 
  but it 's not too late . 
  invoke article 50 and leave the totalitarian cccp 2.0, 
   i do n't know maybe from people like those who murdered 130 people and seriously injured 100 more in bataclan theater in paris . 
  how many people would be dead if `` heroes '' would have started shooting inside bataclan to stop the terrorists ? 
  the legal gun owner who stops a terrorist attack with his gun is a pipe dream of the nra . 
   and actually if you adjust for population france has 4x times the number of deaths from mass shootings ( and very strict gun control ) than u.s. and netherlands is not that far from us ... and now lets compare the number of mass shootings that were committed with guns that were acquired in the country of the mass shooting . 
  eastern europe and the west balkan sell the weapons that are used for attacks in western europe . 
  and when the eu tries to prevent the cross border trade of weapons with a unified set of rules you argue that there are more attacks in strict gun law western europe than in lose gun law eastern europe . 
  there are two ways to tackle the cross border trade of illegal weapons inside the schengen zone . 
  a unified set of rules for guns that are followed by all countries . 
  or abolishing the schengen zone . 
   why you guys are disconnecting merkel 's policy to the reality of the truck attack is beyond me . 
   because the current suspect entered the eu in 2012 ? 
  and merkel only `` invited everyone '' in late august 2015 ? 
  maybe they actually do care . 
  after the war all parties involved in the war exchanged details about the used bombs , the air raids , and even aerial photographs . 
  so bomb disposal teams can remove the remains of the war as safe as possible . 
  most likely the bomb disposal team already knows what kind of bomb it is . 
  for whatever reason such details are seldomly published though . 
  there 's probably not much public interest . 
  considering that often hundreds of planes were involved in a raid on a single city the plane ca n't be identified . 
  but they will very likely know during what raid it was dropped . 
  i think they 'll manage . 
   why give people who hate your country free stuff ? 
  well , it 's probably because they 'll vote for you when they finally get citizenship in germany one prerequisite for getting citizenship is that you are able to finance your family without any welfare payments . 
   which means a relatively thorough background investigation, 
   tunesia is not considered a safe country of origin , as far as i know . 
  ghana and senegal are the only safe countries of origin outside of europe . 
  - media a : something - media b : according to media a - media c : according to media a - media b : media c has confirmed - media a , in another article : as reported by several news outlets and suddenly that something was established as a fact . 
  why is economy no good ? 
  many ceo is vegetarian cyclist . 
  my translation of the official statement from http://www.augsburg.de/evakuierung/entschaerfung-warum-am-2512/  the responsible parties realise that scheduling on the first christmas holiday is a great inconvenience for all concerned . 
  we therefor ask all augsburgers for understanding and mutual assistance . 
    several reasons led to the schedule for the first christmas holiday :   - it will be one of the largest evacuation measures ever organised in germany . 
  a hospital , senior citizen and nursing homes will be affected . 
  the coordination of an orderly process must therefore be coordinated with a large number of stakeholders . 
  it takes a few days to do this . 
   - on a work day the evacuation would be much more difficult since all work and business operations would be impaired . 
  on a holiday there is also less traffic  - at the moment there is no danger from the bomb , but by the standards of the bomb disposal team the defusing ca n't be pushed back because the bomb has been exposed by the construction work . 
  that 's why we picked the first sunday respectively public holiday -- original :  den verantwortlichen ist klar , dass die terminfestlegung am 1 . 
  goebbels : do you want total war ? 
  germans : jaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa goebbels : if necessary , do you want a war more total and radical than anything that we can even imagine today ? 
  germans : jaaaaaa goebbels : now , people , rise up , and let the storm break loose !, 
  and the storm broke loose . 
  imagine how upset people will be if that thing goes off on the 25th after they 've delayed the disarming to next year . 
  do asylum seekers have a sixth sense for terrorists ? 
   yeah but they are doing a good thing . 
  ( v4 ) for not letting in immigrants and generally people that arent compatibile with our view in massive ammounts . 
  second country : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:number_of_ ( non-eu ) _ asylum_seekers_in_the_eu_and_efta_member_states , _ 2014_and_2015 _ ( thousands_of_first_time_applicants ) _ yb16.png, 
   this might not be able to prevent 100 % of the incidents , but it should make it tougher for hijackers to steal a vehicle to run people over , as it will require them to `` hack '' the security system or it will require them to go to the next truck rental and officially rent a truck . 
  no attack in bumfuck , arkansas either . 
   huge vehicles , meant to move inside cities , should potentially be controlled remotely after berlin and nice . 
  so instead of taking one truck per terrorist and risking death before carrying out their mission , terrorists could go after the facility that controls these trucks to hijack them all at once ? 
  one should always back such bold statements with credible sources . 
   i have to say that if i was at this christmas market , i would probably have ran and not stopped running until i made it to my apartment . 
  and another hero would have followed you and called the police on you . 
  at least that 's what it looks like now .
