  the deal is n't finished yet . 
  the deal is not in place . 
  so obviously there have n't been any deportations back to turkey . 
  i doubt that greece would hesitate to bring people back to turkey if they are allowed to . 
  for all we know this is a one time resettlement . 
  in that case 4-500 ,000 people is the same number of people that used the west balkan route in 2014 . 
  the year is n't over , considering that the latest number i know is over 700,000 i would assume that for 2015 the total for the west balkan route will reach one million people . 
  and if the trend continues we could see 1.5 million or more people entering the eu via the west balkan route next year . 
  if we can get rid of the uncontrollable influx ( over 700,000 via the west balkan route this year , who knows how many it 'll be next year ) , resettling 500,000 in an orderly manner over the course of a year or so sounds like a good plan . 
  if turkey allows us to deport every single person that enters the eu illegally via turkey this deal will help the eu a lot . 
  and if countries like hungary do n't want to participate , fuck them , the rest of us can do it without them . 
  austria , german and sweden alone could host that many people . 
  and it would allow us to lower our current number substantially . 
  and i believe greece , croatia and slovenia would be on board as well . 
  hosting a couple ten thousand people over the course of a year is much easier than coping with an influx of thousands a day . 
  even if they just want to pass through . 
  because we do n't want to have kids . 
  as simple as that . 
   it 's a big part of why germany ( lowest birthrate in the world , top-20 life expectancy , high median age ) can take so many refugees right now : they need an influx of working age , able-bodied people to save the social system . 
  these refugees are currently a burden on the social systems . 
  and many of them will stay a burden . 
  there is no plan behind it . 
  they just appeared in germany . 
  trust me when i tell you that even merkel would be happier if there would n't be a single refugee in germany . 
  there are many able-bodied people of working age in the eu . 
  if germany had a plan to import masses of people it would be smarter to get them from the eu . 
  because it would be much cheaper , they are more valuable because more likely to work in high paid positions , and they would cause less social tensions . 
  if germany would offer to pay moving expenses and 2 months of rent we could easily get hundred thousand of the smartest unemployed eu citizens to germany . 
  and we could pick them according to our needs . 
  but there is no plan . 
  believe it or not , cdu is anti-immigration . 
  that 's the only thing that stops us from entering the  50 club , 
  do tabloids count ? 
   he added that there were three vital components that were potentially problematic , though he refused to identify them on security grounds . 
    `` there are three sensitive parts , in particular , over which availability is causing some concern , '' he said . 
    `` at this stage we do n't know whether germany or italy can spare them , since they have their own commitments , but the request has been made . 
    `` i understand both countries are willing to cooperate with other components . ''   last year a ground engineer at the raf 's akrotiri air base in cyprus , from which raids across iraq are launched , reported that spare parts were in such short supply that ground crews were being forced to cannibalise several tornados to keep a single one going . 
   http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/597046/raf-to-run-out-of-bomber-parts, 
  so france has just removed the only citizenship from a person . 
  and then what ? 
  you ca n't deport them to another country because that country wo n't take them . 
  and you ca n't let them live in your country because terrorism . 
  so you throw them into jail , and do n't let them out again . 
  so why do you have to remove their citizenship in the first place ? 
  as a symbol ? 
  lol, 
   they have to be approved by a judge but there are exceptions , like if the criminal was caught on the act . 
  they are conducted ( in general ) by a special division of the police `` police judiciaire '' . 
  so it 's a court order that was issued by a judge to authorize law enforcement officers , in that case the judicial police , to conduct a search of a person , location , or vehicle for evidence of a crime ? 
  that 's a search warrant . 
   if there is ground to any illegal activity , i 'm all for proceeding . 
  sure thing . 
  but it matters because `` 210 people in custody and 250 legal proceedings '' is used to justify the state of emergency . 
  which would not be possible if 150 of the proceedings are for property crimes and 100 are for drug possession . 
   we have been lenient for way too long , this is a good way to remind the criminal that our legal system can still stand its ground . 
  exposing crime is very easy if you have a state of emergency and do n't have to care for civil rights . 
  during a state of emergency you can legally search every person and every single building in the country without requiring permission from a judge . 
  of course they will come up with plenty of legal proceedings this way . 
   that 's actually a great point . 
  if there are no land borders , why the fuck is the schengen treaty an issue ? 
  is it just an act of blackmail or revenge by the eu ? 
  yes . 
  revenge for rejecting eu help . 
  you know , like rejecting the 400 border agents frontex offered . 
  or rejecting 300 eurodac systems so greece would be capable of registering asylum seekers faster . 
  it matters because we tell romania and bulgaria that they 're not allowed to join schengen because they 're not capable of protecting their borders . 
  which is a project by a multinational consortium which consists of e.on , royal dutch shell and engie . 
  in germany businesses do n't have to ask the government for permission to do business . 
   that 's exactly what it is . 
  the tornado reconnaissance jets are a joke ( analog film that has to be developed ) compared to the more modern technology that is already out there ( live feed drones etc. 
  ) , albeit they 'll be of some use . 
  the tornado recce systems that will be used in syria do n't use analog film . 
  they are equiped with the reccelite [ ( pdf ) ] ( http://www.rafael.co.il/marketing/sip_storage/files/5/955.pdf ) system by rafael . 
  they have live feed capabilities as well . 
   but it appears as if its leadership is already ready to expand trade with russia and would likely support removing sanctions . 
  and by leadership you mean vice-chancellor gabriel . 
  because he 's pretty much the only one who wants to remove sanctions . 
  but it 's only 18 more days and then we 'll know . 
  if switzerland , norway and iceland wanted to appear in a statistic about eu member states they should have joined the eu . 
  that 's not so easy . 
  without a state of emergency they have to get permission from a judge . 
  and if they do their job right , they wo n't hand out search warrants without probable cause . 
  2000 raids , 210 people in custody and 250 legal proceedings . 
  would love to see what these legal proceedings are about . 
  i wonder how many of them are even closely related to terrorism . 
  having arsonists that only target refugees in your area is better for property values than having a reception center filled with refugees . 
  pretty easy concept . 
  these arsonists are probably concerned real estate agents . 
   i 'd want to have an organisation that allowed people who are volunteering to follow their personal beliefs , it 's not the army . 
  such organizations exists . 
  they can join a chess club , a choir or something that is not relevant for society as a whole . 
  if they want to be in the red cross they have to follow the code of conduct of the red cross . 
  which is : 1 . 
  the humanitarian imperative comes first . 
  ** aid is given regardless of the race , creed or nationality of the recipients ** and without adverse distinction of any kind . 
  aid priorities are calculated on the basis of need alone . 
  aid will not be used to further a particular political or religious standpoint . 
  we shall endeavour not to act as instruments of government foreign policy . 
  we shall respect culture and custom . 
  we shall attempt to build disaster response on local capacities .
