  the part with the hydraulic and fuel lines sounds very reasonable . 
  which part ? 
   airports ai n't going anywhere and are an investment . 
  and most are an investment that nobody needs . 
  keeping an airport running is n't cheap , if you do n't maintain that runway you can build a new one next year . 
   economies do n't survive without working roads & bridges & airport . 
  but nobody needs airports that do n't attract a good amount of commercial flights . 
  people will just take the train to the next real airport . 
  and instead of having one freight flight every week , companies would use trucks and trains . 
  municipalities tend to exaggerate the effects an airport will have . 
  he tries too hard to come back into relevance . 
  they do n't hang onto the wings . 
  they usually hide in the compartments for the wheels . 
  you wo n't be sucked into the engine . 
  but you might fall out if the wheels are lowered and you do n't expect that . 
  the biggest problem when you travel that way , is lack of oxygen and the temperature goes down to -50 \u00b0 c. 
  surviving this is highly unlikely . 
  johannesburg-london is a 12 hour flight . 
  start a bank run ? 
  during the first three days of the week , greeks have withdrawn 2 billion euro from their bank accounts . 
  they are in the middle of a bank run that is picking up pace . 
  for the last couple weeks 200 million euro per day have been withdrawn , and now we are up to 2 billion in 3 days . 
  the ecb increases the ceiling for the emergency liquidity assistance basically every week . 
  if greeks withdraw their money faster than the ceiling is raised by the ecb , greek banks will run out of money . 
  and if that happens , banks ca n't open . 
  it 's the ecb that pays the bill ( around 80 billion euro ela ) if greece defaults . 
  why should they have interest in a bank run ? 
  we are incredibly sorry that we having manufacturing industry left . 
  -- from an old post of mine : [ portion of gdp created by producing industry in 2013 ( source in german ) ] ( http://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/249080/umfrage/anteile-der-wirtschaftssektoren-am-bruttoinlandsprodukt-bip-der-eu-laender/ ) : - france 18.84 % - uk 20.39 % - germany 30.21 % in absolute values ( [ gdp of 2014 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_european_union ) , too lazy too look up 2013 numbers ) : - france 403,556 million euro - uk 452,224 million euro - germany 877,234 million euro 403,556 + 452,224 = 855,780 germany has more industry than france and uk combined . 
  of course germany will never reach the level of countries with much less industry . 
  industry is the sector that produces ( directly and indirectly ) the most co2 . 
  maybe the old men realize that they will receive a pension cut either way . 
  if the new drachma is introduced it will inflate quickly , and if the pensions are n't increased by the inflation rate , they effectively receive a pension cut . 
  remember how all the russia-hating east european countries complained when russia banned the import of agricultural goods from the eu ? 
  \\ #eatapples guess what . 
  not even russia hating countries want to cripple their economy . 
  is that for whole greece ? 
  so each greek owes 0.0004 $ to each french household ? 
  is it so hard to understand that sanctions on a few goods and services are not a total embargo ? 
   we should force migrants onto these countries we already do that . 
  it 's called freedom of movement . 
  mind blown, 
  the ecb said that there is a risk that greek banks will run out of money soon . 
  between monday and wednesday greeks have withdrawn 2 billion euro from their bank accounts . 
  last week the ecb raised the ceiling of the emergency liquidity assistance program by 2 billion euro . 
  this wednesday they raised it by 1.1 billion to a total of 84.1 billion euros . 
  if the trend continues and even more greeks withdraw their money , here is obviously a chance that they run out of money before the ceiling is lifted again . 
  but the ela increase wo n't continue indefinitely . 
  and with withdrawal rates this high , the chance that the euromembers ( it requires a 2/3 majority ) stop the liquidity program gets higher . 
  americans never seem to know this , but jaywalking is not a legal term . 
  some actions that people call jaywalking are illegal , such as crossing against a red light . 
  others are illegal sometimes , such as crossing without yielding to traffic . 
  other actions that people call jaywalking , such as crossing mid-block while yielding to traffic , are not illegal in most locations . 
  it might be illegal if you are between two adjacent intersections that are both controlled by traffic lights , but it 's generally legal to do so . 
  even if people throw ignoring red lights and crossing an empty street mid block in the same jaywalking pot . 
  obviously . 
  because jaywalking itself is the crime , but every country considers different things jaywalking . 
  the term jaywalking is really ambiguous . 
  it includes ignoring traffic lights , which is illegal pretty much everywhere . 
  it includes crossing streets if you endanger others ( e.g. 
  running in front of moving traffic ) , which is most likely illegal everywhere . 
  it includes crossing streets without yielding to traffic , which is probably illegal for most streets in most countries . 
  but it also includes crossing a street if there are no marked crossings , which is definitely not illegal in most countries . 
  i would choose the zimbabwean dollar . 
  every greek will be a quadrillionaire . 
  seriously . 
  `` the euro is bad for greece because they ca n't control it . 
  therefor they should switch to bitcoin or russian rubles '' . 
  how much of that knowledge is from reddit ? 
  at least on the german side it 's not a government project . 
  it 's a project between russian gazprom , and the german e.on , austrian omv and the anglo-dutch shell . 
   once again germany gets kind of isolated in the middle of europe . 
  you are reading too much reddit . 
  in the real world we are far from isolated . 
   taking the role of a leader is simply outof question we are the leader , sure , we had to be pushed into that position . 
  but we lead the greek crisis , both perceived and actually . 
  it 's always sch\u00e4uble here , merkel there . 
  plenty eurozone countries will follow germanys decision ( no , we are not bullying them into that ) . 
  it looks that together with italy , maybe france and maybe greece we will lead in the refugee crisis too . 
  together with france we lead the ukrainian crisis . 
  sure , plenty of people do n't like the positions germany takes while leading . 
  but that 's their problem . 
  if other countries want a war over ukraine they are free to go . 
  germany does n't have the power to stop them . 
  if other countries want to bailout greece they are free to go . 
  if economist think they know it better they should scrape together money to help greece . 
  if other countries know how to solve the refugee crisis they are free to act as well . 
  but they do n't . 
  nobody does anything . 
  they just complain if somebody ( which in these cases is germany ) does something . 
   i for instance would really welcome a closer bond with the us , and that is why i am really pro-ttip . 
  so is the german government . 
  so how many asylum seekers are actually in the vatican ? 
  it does n't matter how many they could take , how many did they take ? 
  germany reached the 120 000 in the first 5 months of this year . 
  so i guess vatican took already one this year ? 
   do you know if german medias are covering this meeting ? 
  a couple publications wrote articles about the memorandum . 
  but it 's not a very hot topic . 
   is there any statement or an opinion of german officials about it ?
