  nobody needs to go to jail . 
  just charge them 10 times the price of the pirated item . 
  in my opinion , crime . 
  real and perceived . 
  outside of the eastern districts of brandenburg , the stereotype of the `` gang of burglars from romania/bulgaria '' has pretty much replaced the `` car thief from poland '' . 
   i hope that my country ( usa ) will step up since germany wants all the benefits of leadership and none of the drawbacks . 
  yes please . 
  should n't be a problem , you can always print more money . 
   i just wish we had n't spent all that money on germany knowing how things turned out . 
  we had another plan for germany after the war too . 
  it was something of an austerity plan . 
  they certainly deserved it at the time . 
  be careful not to cut yourself . 
  the us got exactly what they paid for . 
   sadly that would also have hurt a lot of german banks . 
  they would have received a bailout . 
  but probably in deutsche mark 2.0 instead of euro . 
  many people much smarter than me have said countless times that a greece default in 2010 would have killed the euro . 
  do n't spread that til , because it 's wrong . 
  since luxembourg is in the eu , i can actually become a citizen of luxembourg without losing my german citizenship . 
  until now i only cared about non-eu citizenships , and i would most likely lose my german one if i become us citizen . 
  but there are different rules for eu and switzerland . 
  you 're right . 
  true . 
  just yesterday we voted for our mayor , and head of district . 
  around 35 % turnout . 
   in my opinion , all these countries that signed un conventions about refugees should have their share of refugees based on some quota , percentage , or points system hahah . 
  good luck with that . 
  not even sweden , germany , italy and greece would agree to such a system . 
  from reading the news it 's easy to think that the majority of refugees tries to get into europe . 
  but that 's not the case . 
  iran has like a million refugees from afghanistan , kenya has half a million refugees from somalia , sudan hosts hundred thousand refugees from eritrea , nepal hosts 40,000 refugees from bhutan , turkey has 1.8 million people form syria alone , lebanon has 1.2 million from syria , jordan has 600,000 . 
  even iraq hosts 250,000 refugees from syria , and there are still 100,000 refugees from iraq in bordering countries like lebanon and jordan ( and probably syria ) . 
  it 's a fucked up world . 
  the unhcr estimates that there are currently 16.7 million refugees that have fled to other countries . 
  if you count internally displaced ( e.g. 
  fled from northeastern nigeria to southern nigeria ) you can add 33.3 million people . 
   volga germans as the name implies these are germans , they receive german citizenship as soon as they are recognized as ethnic german emigrants . 
  so they would n't be counted as russians in the statistic . 
  i know . 
  but i 'm for national voting rights for eu citizens . 
  active and passive . 
  ( and i 'm not even living in luxembourg ), 
  protecting names ? 
  greece has plenty pdo products . 
  the most famous are feta and ouzo . 
   you do n't even have to give up your original nationality to get the luxembourgish one . 
  ~ ~ actually i would have to do exactly that . ~ ~ to change citizenship you always have to abide by the laws of the country of your current nationality too . 
  ~ ~ and germany does n't allow me to get a new citizenship without giving up the german one . ~ ~ germany actually allows me to keep my citizenship if i get the citizenship of another eu country , or switzerland . 
  exactly . 
  they have to pay taxes for pensions they will never receive . 
  how is that fair ? 
  and instead of getting rid of the pension system completely , the other parties could find a compromise that is more fair for everyone . 
  for example a contribution based system that offers two options . 
  either you receive pensions or you get back your contributions . 
  in theory 1 afghani would be enough to form the largest group . 
  not sure if that data contains asylum seekers , but rural mecklenburg-vorpommern is not necessarily a place where you live voluntarily ~ ~ if you are a foreigner ~ ~ . 
  i have to pay taxes in luxembourg , but i 'm not allowed to say how these taxes should be spend . 
  no taxation without representation !, 
  do we have any posts that are not about greece , uk or immigration ? 
  sounds like your d\u00f6ner was already made by a native german . 
   the government is providing you the healthcare system do politicians pay that out of their own pocket ? 
  people are paying for their own health care . 
  so people should be the ones that tell you what they consider good and bad . 
  if you ask an obese person they 'll tell you that they do n't want to pay for the smoker . 
  if you ask a smoker they 'll tell you that they do n't want to pay for the football player . 
  if you ask a football player they do n't want to pay for people who ride bicycles . 
  if you ask cyclist they do n't want to pay for people who drive around in their car for fun . 
  or to make a long story short : nobody wants to pay for things that wo n't happen to them . 
  that 's why an ideal health care system is unconditional . 
  you wo n't get punished , you wo n't get rewarded ( because that 's just not being punished ) . 
  --  at least thats what the goverment have in mind , like the whole traffic tickets situation for your safety ... and it helps to finance the municipalities too . 
  do you want to dispute that the chance of an accident increases the longer you are on the road ? 
  if the athletic guy does n't want to spend money on obese people i do n't want to spend money on long distance commuters . 
  i work in a home office , my chance of a commuting accident is basically zero . 
  why should i pay for someone who works 50 km from home ? 
  answer : because it 's a socialized unconditional insurance . 
  they do n't judge me when i ride with my bike over dirt roads for fun . 
  i do n't judge them if they eat too much . 
  fair deal . 
  do n't worry , they wo n't leave . 
  they will vote yes with 60 % at least . 
  yes , i 'm pulling that number out of my ass . 
  he never lies . 
   the uk takes refugees . 
  the uk government thinks that many who are crossing from libya to europe are economic migrants rather than people seeking asylum . 
  so why does the uk not process them and deport the ones that are economic migrants ? 
  so it 's okay to invade other countries because they are a treat to the wealth of your own country ? 
  putin would approve that . 
   in addition to that , they repeatedly violate the 6 % trade surplus limit , running the last years of the crisis at 8-9 % which is absolutely ridiculous and very destabilizing . 
  please do n't make up numbers - 2013 6.8 % - 2012 7.1 % - 2011 6.1 % - 2010 5.7 % - 2009 5.8 % - 2008 6.2 % - 2007 6.9 % - 2006 5.8 % - 2005 4.7 % - 2004 4.5 % source : [ mip scoreboard ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/indicators/economic_reforms/eip/#/headline/?selected_year=2013 ) and guess what imbalance procedures are already in place against germany . 
  but germany is still far away from being the worst offender . 
  if it 's as easy as deporting them , why does your country not deport them ? 
  how we can help developing countries to turn into functioning societies that are not a threat to the ( western ) world . 
  basically an umbrella discussion around poverty , islamic terror groups , diseases ( i.e. 
  ebola ) , environmental problems and , to a lesser extent , economic migration . 
  how eager were greek soldiers in 2007 to defend the baltics ? 
  or to make it more complicated , turkey ? 
  probably not that different from today . 
  countries , and especially soldiers are never eager to defend other countries .
