  [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/7/7a/first_time_asylum_applicants%2c_q3_2014_\u2013_q3_2015.png )  berlin has been the 3rd biggest islamic city in the world , now many other german cities can start competing . 
  are you proud ? 
  proud of your shitty facts that do n't survive 5 seconds of google ? 
  that requires naturalization though . 
  many of the millions of young europeans that are so dissatisfied with german politics because they have to pay so high taxes for all these economic migrants do n't want to stay in germany for that long . 
  will the asylum seekers magically disappear after we did that ? 
  indeed . 
  if you take 50 billion from the government budget and put it into the economy it will rise economy and shit . 
  nobody is forced to stay in germany . 
  if they dislike government spending policy that much they can always leave . 
  please explain how ending world hunger would bring down the number of asylum seekers . 
  do you think syrians , iraqis or afghans request asylum in germany because of undernourishment ? 
  unfortunately the asylum seekers wo n't go away if we do n't spend money . 
  but where are the other eu countries ? 
  the german economy is roughly 22 % of the eu economy . 
  so let 's spend some money . 
  since 50 billion is way too much , let 's just spend 10 % of that . 
  5 billion for germany . 
  and 18 billion for the other 27 eu countries . 
  these 18 billion over two years would more than double the budget of the unhcr . 
  so why wait for germany ? 
  where 's the uk ? 
  poland ? 
  hungary ? 
  with how many billions will they help the un ? 
  every single german citizen has access to 399 euro welfare and free housing if they request it . 
  every single one . 
  and the tafeln doubled in numbers because they exist . 
  no need to smoke less or do n't buy a smartphone every 2 years if you can get free food at the tafel . 
  germany creates 22 % of the eu gdp . 
  imagine what the other 27 eu countries could do in actual refugee camps in mena or darfur . 
  money does n't disappear . 
  ideally it flows through the economy . 
  if you give money to local businesses a large part of that money stays in your local economy . 
  and at each transaction a percentage flows back to the government . 
  it 's only flawed logic if you think the tax on the money that was just spend should pay for the money that was just spend . 
  but that 's not the case . 
  for years economists and the eu have asked germany to stimulate local consumption to lower the trade surplus and the dependency on exports . 
  paying to host asylum seekers is a way to achieve exactly that . 
  should make a video as a warning for others too . 
  recent trends ? 
  according to the cia world factbook the emigration in estonia increases , while it decreased in bulgaria . 
  they estimated the estonian migration rate for 2014 with -3.37 per 1000 . 
  the 2015 estimate is -3.6 . 
  for bulgaria the 2014 estimate was -2.89 while the 2015 estimate is -0.29 . 
   we should aspire to a controlled migration and multiculturalism on the level of the us or canada . 
  high-skilled migration ? 
  we have the eu blue card program for that . 
  unfortunately most of europe is simply not as attractive as the us or canada . 
  if the requirements for the us green card would be as low as the requirements for the blue card , the us would drown in applications . 
  but eu countries are not drowning in blue card applications . 
  if people fall into the high skilled group and can choose between the us and the eu , most will chose the us . 
  what we need to offset the demographic change is more akin to the us diversity immigrant visa program , i.e. 
  the green card lottery . 
  where the highest required skill is something like a high school diploma and no criminal record . 
  and of course we should work to improve the attractiveness of all eu member countries . 
  no amount of outside migration will be able to offset intra eu migration . 
  so it 's good that almost all eu countries are part of nato . 
  leave the eu and join efta and done . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  that 13 years old ca n't have psychological problems ? 
   how many people of 50ish that were registered by the police of the 200 that engaged in taharrush in cologne have been convicted ? 
  none . 
  because only one month has passed since new years eve . 
  that 's not even enough for a proper investigation , yet alone a trial . 
  list of eu countries where exports of goods and services make up a higher percentage than in germany ( [ worldbank ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ne.exp.gnfs.zs ) ) : - austria - belgium - bulgaria - croatia - cyprus - czech republic - denmark - estonia - hungary - ireland - latvia - lithuania - luxembourg - malta - netherlands - poland - slovakia - slovenia, 
  not by being abducted by refugees who raped her for 30 hours . 
   they will split the votes the cdu is getting now the opposite is more likely . 
  the csu will stay irrelevant outside of bavaria , and in bavaria the cdu will steal a large percentage of csu votes . 
  it would be punished if she were a year older . 
  in germany people under 14 are n't criminal liable for their actions . 
  that punishment has to come from the parents though . 
  in germany you only reach the age of criminal responsibility with age 14 . 
   for example slovakians were willing to take christian families even before there were talks about quota empty words . 
  many eu countries participated in unhcr resettlement of syrians since 2013 . 
  countries like poland ( 900 ) , the czech republic ( 70 ) , romania ( 40 ) or hungary ( 30 ) pledged resettlement capacity . 
  slovakia is not on [ that list ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/52b2febafc5.html ) . 
  we started the refugee crisis in late august 2015 . 
  obviously . 
   first thing would be to stop the influx and that was said and proposed long long time ago . 
  after that we should implement world peace and eliminate poverty . 
  can i become the president of slovakia now ? 
  because it 's pretty much guaranteed that someone who fled north korea will be brought to a death-through-work camp if he is returned . 
  so even if they do n't get asylum because they are not persecuted , they will receive subsidiary protection . 
  the * safe country of origin * designation is not about tourists . 
  if a country persecutes citizens because of things like their religious or political beliefs it ca n't be a safe country of origin . 
  no matter how well tourists are treated . 
  but do n't tell them about the bicycles . 
   yes !, 
  it is actually safe . 
  a country that has nazi style death-through-work camps , which imprisons the family of dissidents is a safe country ? 
  the `` safe country of origin '' designation means that the authorities in said country do n't persecute people because of their race , religion , sexuality and political opinion . 
  north korea imprisons innocent people just because they are family members of dissidents . 
   cases for north korea are judged individually . 
  that 's the case for every single asylum application , safe country or not . 
  the safe country designation just changes the effort that asylum seekers have to put into their claims . 
  `` i 'm persecuted because i criticize the government '' wo n't fly if you are from a safe country . 
  in that case you actually have to prove thay the authorities ( will ) persecute you . 
  you can buy a tourist package to north korea . 
  safe country of origin or not ?
