  the eu parliament wo n't pass this . 
  imposing visa restrictions on usa and canada would not only harm tourism and business , it would harm the relationship between our countries as well . 
   you mean eu+s chengen ? 
  because romania , bulgaria , croatia and cyprus are not in schengen . 
  i actually mean `` schengen + eu -- uk -- ireland '' . 
  it 's a bit cumbersome to write that a dozen times , so i may have botched it here and there . 
   but in my opinion it does n't matter if romanians have to apply for a visa . 
  there is certainly a good reason for that , because demanding a visa reduces the amount of tourists why would a country want to do that ? 
  visas exist to reduce the number of overstayers and the number of people who seek illegal employment . 
   and the shit government of romania refuses to take care of the gypsies and instead we ( northern europeans ) have to pay , when it 's the romanian government that should pay the expenses . 
  you do n't have to pay anything . 
  freedom of movement is actually called `` freedom of movement for workers '' . 
  after their initial 90 day stay , eu members do n't need to host people who do n't work . 
  and during their initial 90 days stay , people obviously do n't qualify for any payments either . 
   preferably the romanian government should integrate the gypsies . 
  no question about that . 
  they can do that , as long as the rules for individual eu members can all be considered visa-free . 
  but visa-free travel does n't mean that you have to let everyone into your country . 
  it does n't even mean that there are no pre-checks allowed . 
  if the pre-checks are approved automatically for a very large percentage of travelers it 's considered visa-free by the commission . 
  nato soldiers on duty do n't require a visa at all . 
  so they can come to protect us , but they are not allowed to do vacation in europe . 
  sounds like a very european idea . 
  they can do that . 
  nobody forces greece to accept the rescue plans . 
  they can declare bankruptcy and leave the eurozone . 
  then they can become the economic powerhouse they would be if they would n't be exploited by germany . 
  the money greece owes to eurozone governments does n't become due until 2020 . http://graphics.wsj.com/greece-debt-timeline/, 
  taxes ? 
  there 's no such thing as eu citizenship . 
  they just put `` european union '' on the passport . 
  but that 's just decoration and has no legal value . 
  you 'll find your citizenship inside the passport . 
  there are certain perks that come with being a citizen of a eu country . 
  but that 's not because there 's `` european union '' printed on your passport . 
   we can always leave you alone with russia , if you prefer that . 
  and park an aircraft carrier in front of the eu parliament to show who 's the boss . 
  these things are not what i would call a common fiscal policy . 
  just three examples that have to be covered by a common policy to make transfers possible . 
  the eu has to decide how the unemployment system works . 
  you ca n't mix contribution based systems and tax-financed systems in one transfer union . 
  you also ca n't allow countries to set the amount of benefits unilaterally . 
  the eu also has to set the retirement age and the amount of pensions . 
  people do n't want to work longer so people in other countries can retire earlier than them . 
  the eu also has to run the tax system . 
  it 's pretty obvious that countries do n't want to subsidize countries that collect only very little taxes . 
  in germany we have fiscal transfers between the individual states . 
  but a lot of things that cost money are handled by the federal government . 
  otherwise saxony might lower the retirement age to 50 , because they know bavaria will pay for it . 
  a fiscal union comes with the loss of a lot of fiscal sovereignty . 
  visa free travel with usa and canada ( and many others ) was established before the countries that currently do n't enjoy visa free travel have joined the eu . 
  i can understand to make full reciprocity mandatory for countries that will now gain visa-free access to the schengen area ( and countries without an opt-out from schengen ) . 
  but i 'm not so sure about adding more countries to existing agreements . 
  we do n't ask other countries if we should add new countries to the eu , so why should they be affected by our decisions ? 
  if the ukraine joins the eu tomorrow , why do the usa have an obligation to grant them visa free travel ? 
  i for one am not willing to give up visa free travel with the us , just because a new member joined the eu . 
  it is . 
  the eu has put regulations in place that make visa-free travel reciprocity mandatory . 
  countries whose citizen enjoy visa free travel to the schengen area ( and eu countries that do n't have opt-outs from the schengen area ) have to grant visa free travel to citizens of the schengen area , including bulgaria , croatia , cyprus and romania . 
  that regulation was put in place in 2013 . 
  on 12 april 2014 , the commission published that australia , brunei , canada , japan and the united states of america do n't fulfill the reciprocity criteria . 
  they do n't allow all schengen citizens visa free access . 
  after the member states have notified the commission , the commission will assess the situation every 6 months . 
  if the visa requirement is not lifted with 2 years after that date , the commission is obliged to propose the temporary suspension of the visa waiver for 12 months for citizen of these third countries . 
  that 's why we are currently about this , the final deadline runs out next week . 
  if you 're interested in the process , here 's the latest report from the commission . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/dgs/home-affairs/e-library/documents/policies/borders-and-visas/visa-policy/docs/c_2015_7455_en.pdf it looks like australia has worked with the commission to improve the situation to a point where visa free travel has improved for citizens from bulgaria and romania . 
  japan has established visa free travel for romanians and is fully compliant . 
  canada will also extend their visa free travel program to more citizens from bulgaria and romania . 
  brunei will also allow citizens of liechtenstein and croatian to enter without visa , so they are fully compliant as well . 
  the process works . 
  and just the trilateral talks ( commission , member state , third country ) that were hold have already improved the situation for many eea citizen . 
  level the place , crush the remains to dust and dump them into a deep hole in a secret location . 
  https://www.express.co.uk/news/politics/659163/david-cameron-admits-brussels-blocked-bid-rescue-uk-steel http://www.thesun.co.uk/sol/homepage/news/politics/7050249/boris-johnson-eu-means-britain-can-not-help-steel-workers.html, 
  yet your country even grants them freedom of movement . 
   soldiers will also need visas now , you know . 
  if nato would n't have a `` status of forces agreement '' , they would already need visas . 
  because visa free travel is limited to 90 days , and can only be used for vacation and business , the latter covers negotiating contracts , attending conferences and other stuff , but not working for the military . 
  as far as i know , soldiers that are deployed do n't even need a passport . 
  guess why the asylum seekers paid smugglers a couple thousand euro per person instead of taking a much cheaper flight to the eu . 
   it 's just posturing and i 'm guessing it 's part of a bigger operation ( maybe something related to trade agreements ? ) . 
  there are eu regulations in place that mandate what they do . 
  the 2 year deadline runs out next week . 
   council regulation ( ec ) no 539/2001 of 15 march 2001 provides for a reciprocity mechanism in the event that a visa-free third country maintains or introduces a visa requirement for the citizens of one or more member states . 
    regulation ( eu ) no 1289/2013 of the european parliament and of the council of 11 december 2013 established a revised reciprocity mechanism . 
  within six months of the date of publication of a member state 's notification of non-reciprocity and then at regular intervals of up to six months , the commission has to either adopt an implementing act on the temporary suspension for up to six months of the visa waiver for certain categories of citizens of the third country concerned , or submit a report assessing the situation and stating the reasons why it decided not to suspend the exemption from the visa requirement . 
  ** if the third country has not lifted the visa requirement within 24 months of the publication date , the commission is obliged by the regulation to adopt a delegated act on the temporary suspension of the visa waiver for 12 months for citizens of that third country . 
  **   ** on 12 april 2014 the commission published the notifications of non-reciprocity situations it had received from five member states : bulgaria , croatia , cyprus , poland and romania . 
  these notifications related to five third countries : australia , brunei darussalam , canada , japan and the united states of america ( us ) . 
  **   http://ec.europa.eu/dgs/home-affairs/e-library/documents/policies/borders-and-visas/visa-policy/docs/visa_policy_report_on_situation_of_non-reciprocity_en.pdf, 
  since fiscal transfers will come with a common fiscal policy , they are unpopular pretty much everywhere . 
  ecb deposit interest rates have been negative since june 2014 , since march this year we 're at -0.4 % . 
  but banks are n't stupid so they do n't forward these to their customers . 
  they have increased their fees instead . 
  which is less obvious . 
  please elaborate . 
  i do n't see how one can make that connection . 
  western europe ruins its tourist and business prospects by requiring visa because they do n't want that the usa pays for stationing its own military in central europe ? 
  -- and the eu gave a shit before . 
  you just have n't heard about it :  council regulation ( ec ) no 539/2001 of 15 march 2001 provides for a reciprocity mechanism in the event that a visa-free third country maintains or introduces a visa requirement for the citizens of one or more member states .
