  no matter the country of origin of the migrant . 
  anyway , it 's a tedious discussion that i do n't want to have again . 
  if you quote sutherland with a negative connotation , you are fearing that the eu becomes more like the united states , australia and new zealand . 
  you know , successful at attracting talent from other countries . 
  but who needs to be able to compete for migrants if we can nurse of our homogeneity . 
   the un special representative on migration was also quizzed about what the eu should do about evidence from the organisation for economic cooperation and development ( oecd ) that ** employment rates among migrants were higher in the us and australia than eu countries . 
  **   he told the committee : `` the united states , or australia and new zealand , are migrant societies and therefore ** they accommodate more readily those from other backgrounds than we do ourselves , who still nurse a sense of our homogeneity and difference from others . 
  **   `` and that 's precisely what the european union , in my view , should be doing its best to undermine . ''   mr sutherland recently argued , in a lecture to the london school of economics , of which he is chairman , that ** there was a `` shift from states selecting migrants to migrants selecting states '' and the eu 's ability to compete at a `` global level '' was at risk . 
  freedom of movement does n't work in societies that hold their homogeneity too high . 
  because she did exactly what every eu leader was doing until late august ? 
  absolutely nothing . 
   i feel as if that very guilt has led to the mentality germans have toward the refugee crisis . 
  human rights and european values have much more to do with this than guilt . 
   if not that , they 've even gifted israel with some weapons . 
  yeah . 
  because german businesses helped the iraqi chemical weapons program . 
  and german businesses also increased the reach of saddam 's scud missiles . 
  and 40 of these missiles that were improved by german business were fired on israel during the second gulf war , thankfully without chemical warheads . 
  and for all that german involvement germany decided to give israel 2 subs for free , and israel only had to pay half for a third one . 
  and since no country acts unselfish , the three subs helped the struggling german shipyards , and countless jobs were saved . 
  is it more or less hypocrite than allowing prostitution only if you ca n't see it ? 
  can confirm . 
  live in east germany . 
  when it was announced that our neighborhood would host asylum seekers my neighbors were up in arms . 
  burglaries , robberies and of course rape would be a daily occurrence . 
  we all know how these foreigners are . 
  now the biggest problem they have with the asylum seekers respectively refugees in the neighborhood is that they have their problems with trash separation . 
  card boxes go into the blue bin !, 
  not the black one !, 
  and no diapers in the yellow one !, 
   if they had real syrian passports they would probably be able to get a visa and fly on a normal flight how did you come to that conclusion ? 
  you wo n't get a visa if there is a real risk that you request asylum . 
   besides , why not export it ? 
  who is going to take it ? 
  other countries do n't have streetlights on their motorways . 
  neither is covered by sanctions . 
  did poland stop trading not-sanctioned things with russia ? 
  nope , instead they complained that russia invoked counter sanctions that ban polish apples and cheese . 
  because not even russia-hating poland is interested to cripple the economy for the `` greater good '' . 
  having some solidarity in the union would be nice , but we all know that no-one is interested in this . 
  slovakia sues the eu for imposing a refugee quota on them . 
  uk wants more special treatment . 
  polish pm talks about a government that should benefit poland first . 
  so why should germany act different ? 
  i 'll just go ahead and post the answer to the unavoidably `` germany sabotaged south stream so they can build north stream '' posting : --  merkel urges bulgaria to seek new talks with putin on south stream   german chancellor angela merkel backed bulgaria on monday in its bid to seek new talks with russia about the south stream gas pipeline after moscow shelved the project this month in favor of an alternative link via turkey . 
   http://www.reuters.com/article/us-bulgaria-gas-southstream-iduskbn0jt1ni20141215 --  germany backs revival of russia 's south stream gas pipeline project   berlin -- german chancellor angela merkel backed bulgaria on monday in its bid to seek new talks with russia about the south stream natural gas pipeline after moscow shelved the project this month in favor of an alternative link via turkey . 
    the eu , at odds with moscow over the ukraine crisis and keen to reduce its energy reliance on russia , had raised objections to the $ 40 billion south stream pipeline , which was to run under the black sea and enter the eu via bulgaria . 
    critics of the plan said they believed it breached eu law , but some eu member states saw the pipeline , which would bypass ukraine , as the best way to secure their own gas supplies and economic interests and still hope it can be revived . 
    `` we need to examine all legal questions surrounding the south stream project and then use these to move discussions forward with russia , '' merkel said after talks with bulgarian prime minister boyko borisov in berlin . 
   http://www.themoscowtimes.com/business/article/germany-backs-revival-of-russia-s-south-stream-gas-pipeline-project/513348.html --  germany is to send experts to provide advice to bulgaria on matters related to the judicial reform , european funds absorption and energy projects , including south stream . 
  these are the highlights of the monday meeting of german chancellor angela merkel and bulgarian pm boyko borissov in berlin . 
    the legal facets of south stream are to come under the scrutiny of german experts and the chancellor , together with ec president jean-claude juncker and borissov , will discuss the next joint steps of bulgaria and the ec for finding a solution . 
    `` regarding the big energy projects -- nabucco and others which could pass through bulgaria in the future , such as south stream , we reached an agreement to maintain normal relations with the russian side and to observe the law and directions by brussels . 
  i am very thankful that chancellor merkel engaged personally , together with jean-claude juncker and the ec 's legal team to act first for a solution to the south stream case '' , bulgarian pm commented following the meeting . 
   http://www.naturalgaseurope.com/germany-to-help-bulgaria-on-south-stream, 
  number of eu countries that stopped buying russian gas : 0, 
  you have to fulfill certain requirements to be able to adopt . 
  there are obviously no such requirements for becoming pregnant . 
  because declining population most often means `` more old people '' . 
  old people want to receive pensions , which have to be paid by working people . 
  old people also require more medical attention . 
  which is also paid by working people . 
  so what happens if there are less young people who pay into these systems , and more old people who need money from these systems ? 
  either old people can receive less , i.e. 
  they will be poorer , or young people have to pay more , which means they will be poorer . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 2 weeks is more than most voters have spend in the country they voted for . 
  i guess that means they 'll leave . 
  because the 28 eu countries wo n't be able to agree how any of the proposed reforms should look in just 6 months . 
  if turkey or georgia boggle your mind , there are many people who would like to see israel in the eu eventually . 
  the eu wants to grow until every country is part of it . 
  because that 's what 's good for the economy . 
  in germany , skilled workers from romania already demand more than the 8.50 $ minimum wage . 
  that is a strong signal that it 's time for another hasty enlargement . 
  the eu has stopped being about similar values in 2004 , now it 's all about the prospects of economic grow . 
  new markets , cheap workers and many infrastructure projects that will be fulfilled by eu businesses . 
   lol , any base for this claim ? 
  the number of refugees who are currently in unhcr camps in ethiopia . 
  the whole point of the unhcr resettlement program is that the rich countries relieve some strain from the poor countries that have to host refugees . 
  the unhcr does not resettle people who run away from their crappy life . 
  they resettle people who are in need of resettlement because the facilities in their camps ca n't take care of them in a proper way . 
  for example people who need medical attention receive priority for resettlement . 
  or people who are victims of violence and torture . 
  people who are in minorities in these camps will also get priority for resettlement . 
  and children and young women who travel alone as well . 
  but you are right , not our problem . 
  we are just the largest economy in the world . 
  there is no need to relief stress from countries like kenya , bangladesh , ethiopia or chad . 
  how many of them were resettled from refugee camps ? 
  because you are talking about the people that paid a couple thousand dollars to people smugglers . 
  i 'm talking about a unhcr resettlement program that resettles refugees who currently live in camps in kenya , tanzania , india , the democratic republic of the congo , pakistan , jordan , ethiopia , chad , south sudan , nepal , uganda , bangladesh and many many more . 
  unfortunately it 's true . 
  even on this sub most brexit supporters do n't know jackshit about the things they demand to change . 
  for a fun time ask the anti-eu-migration crowd what changes after a eu citizen has spend 90 days in another country . 
  or if you like to discuss with the economic crowd . 
  ask them how their wish for the ability to negotiate their own trade agreements is compatible with the customs union . 
  be prepared to face blank stares when you say `` customs union '' . 
  i am pretty sure that there are hundred thousands of refugees who would be very happy to get resettled to romania and other `` poor '' countries . 
  if nobody would come anyway , why not offer resettlement capacity ? 
  would send a very positive signal to the un and the eu , do n't you think ? 
  turkey has a population of 75 million , and a gdp of 800 billion us-dollars .
