  because you surely wo n't send them home . 
  otherwise you could just send the economic migrants home as well . 
   then they would not need big free houses with cleaning stuff , family reunification , pocket money , citizenships etc. 
  where do they get big free houses with cleaning stuff ? 
  and where do they get citizenship ? 
  have you read that in those facebook messages people smugglers send to potential customers ? 
  schengen is about the lack of systematic border controls ( i.e. 
  there are no border crossing points inside the schengen area ) , not about freedom of movement . 
  if you are romanian citizen you can work in every country in the eu , the eea and in switzerland . 
  though due to not being in schengen you have to show your passport or your national id when leaving romania . 
  but that does n't stop anyone from getting a job in another country . 
  half of the invited did n't attend because in the two months since their invitation they found jobs in western europe . 
  it 's not banned . 
  you ca n't just call it champagne . 
  french sparkling wine producers outside of the champagne ca n't call it champagne either . 
  for the same reason you do n't have ( as in most stores do n't have it ) quark and fresh yeast . 
  different cooking and baking traditions . 
  at least here in germany we use baking powder basically exclusively . 
  baking powder is a mixture of baking soda and solid dry acid . 
  the acid helps the baking soda to produce co2 , and it also neutralises the sodium carbonate that is produced when baking soda is heated . 
  if you use baking soda and do n't use acidic ingredients ( for example yogurt , buttermilk , unsweetened cacao ) there 'll be less co2 , and you might also be able to taste a slight metallic taste in your product . 
  that wo n't happen as easily with baking powder , because it already comes with acid . 
  but in the end it comes down to traditions . 
  neither is superior ( unlike quark and fresh yeast ) . 
  recipes passed down since generations in german families ask for baking powder , while the recipes in the us ask for baking soda . 
  as long as the recipes are adjusted for either of the two you can totally achieve the same results . 
  that 's a trademark issue , not a protected origin issue . 
  just out of financial interest eu producers tend to be better with following eu food rules . 
  when they violate rules they can be fined quite easily . 
  contrary to popular believe the eu has very little actual enforcing power . 
  they come up with rules and regulations that are transposed into national law and are then enforced by the local authorities . 
  but that 's basically it . 
  the eu food safety authority does n't field agents to the member states that check compliance with the food safety rules . 
  they make the rules and safety recommendations . 
  but they do n't travel the eu to sample products . 
  that 's simply not their area of responsibility . 
  a leftist ultra-nationalist who wants to conquer the world via the eu while replacing the german population with muslims and while being in love with russia . 
  now i 've seen it all . 
  thank god she is n't gay and jewish too . 
  sex trafficking is unethical no matter if you buy your sex slave in russia , qatar or norway . 
  apparently buying gas is only unethical if you buy in russia . 
  totally ethical to buy from qatar and norway . 
  but that 's not all , actually buying gas form russia through existing pipelines is ethical as well . 
  it 's only unethical if you build a new pipeline to buy gas from russia . 
  but wait , there 's more . 
  hungary is planning to build a new pipeline with russia too . 
  i have n't heard the polish government complaining yet . 
  maybe i missed it , but maybe it 's also ethical if you build a new pipeline that will just circumvent ukraine and not ukraine and poland . 
  maybe it 's not about ethics but about transfer fees . 
  there are already sanctions . 
  not even eastern europe wants to sanction the gas trade . 
  because they buy russian gas too . 
  hungary is planning to do a pipeline project with russia as well . 
  where are the complaints about that ? 
  poland is complaining about nord stream because they will lose transfer fees . 
  again ? 
  it was summer 2013 when zdf used the phrase `` polish death camps majdanek and auschwitz '' . 
   after six hours , this article has six comments . 
  because the topic is n't controversial . 
  if someone would have argued pro human trafficking we would now have a lot more than 6 comments . 
  the topic is also not circle-jerking territory because people from all over the eu are involved . 
  so there 's no way to express ones superiority over another nation , or religion for that matter . 
  hence , very few comments . 
  party names are like country names . 
  the democratic people 's republic of korea is not democratic and the law and justice party is n't about law and justice . 
  i doubt it . 
  while it 's a nice idea , perverts and neckbeards will eventually find out about it and verbally abuse the people on the other end of the line . 
  you are the one that misunderstood those things . 
  the difference between chance of winning and election results has nothing to do with the electoral college . 
  merkels chance of becoming the next chancellor is much higher than the 39 % her party achieves in the polls . 
  or to take it to the extreme , if i could predict all votes and i know that you will lose with a single vote , your chance of winning is still 0 % . 
  that you received 49.99999 % of the votes wo n't change that . 
  i hoped it was a shirt that made fun of erdogan 's story about shirts put into the exhaust pipes of tanks . 
  i guess `` poland 's president signed the least controversial of the controversial laws despite protests '' was too long for a headline . 
   merkel had a fault in what happened at the last migrants wave . 
  indeed . 
  like every other country in the eu , germany was responsible for ignoring the problem for way too long . 
   germany has a depopulation problem and a need of new work force as soon as possible . 
  both problems are solvable by intra-eu immigration . 
  it 's laughable to argue that germany or merkel wanted asylum seekers to counter the demographic change . 
  germany has no interest in uneducated asylum seekers who will most likely not integrate . 
  with the money one asylum seeker costs we could encourage a lot of eu immigration . 
  and that 's immigration that has a much higher chance of being beneficial , because in the end you could just send them home if they do n't have jobs . 
  if germany would pay travel costs , a language course and one or two months of accommodation we could attract hundred thousands of eu citizen more than we are currently attracting . 
  do n't confuse making the best out of a situation that is already happening with the interest to cause the situation . 
   from her position and influence ( basically the uncrowned leader of eu ) , she did not push for tough measures to stop the wave and/or strike a deal with turkey to keep their migrants and refugees there , but actually had stances that seemed to encourage migrants to come to the eu , especially germany . 
  of course she did n't push for anything in the initial phases of the crisis . 
  because until 2015 like everyone in the eu germany went okay with the `` not our problem '' stance . 
  it only became a problem for germany in mid 2015 , when the authorities expected the arrival 600,000 asylum applicants in germany in that year . 
  keep in mind , that was still weeks before merkel started the asylum crisis by inviting everyone to come to europe . 
   '' we can absorb 1.000.000 of them '' . 
  then when the schengen area borders collapsed under the pressure of the wave , germany 's borders suddenly closed . 
  what schengen borders collapsed ? 
  did i miss something ? 
  the crisis was going on for a very long time . 
  greece and italy have been overburdened for years . 
  many years ago courts have ruled that we ca n't send asylum seekers back to greece because they ca n't provide for them . 
  in the first 9 months of 2015 hungary registered 400,000 asylum seekers . 
  they then hang out in keleti station in budapest and started to demand to be brought to austria and germany . 
  the demands got more violent over time .
