    `` for the past few weeks , we 've been intervening . '', 
    mayor denis coderre and the quebec government have called the service illegal . 
  so you think the problem is islam and not hundred thousands of asylum seekers ? 
  got ta love this sub . 
  enough amount of craziness in the west balkan , am i right . 
  merkel has said that she will support something . 
  call the dictatorship police . 
  minimum wage was introduced in 2015 . 
  and it has nothing to do with the cost of establishing a business . 
  the real answer are increased notary fees that were introduced in august 2013 . 
   australian solution with a big camp in libya is very possible and is what should be done . 
   libya is currently in a civil war . 
  will austria send its army to erect and protect that big camp ? 
   by that logic china is one of the poorest countries in the world and noone should be in economic-parthership with them lol . 
  the eu is not a economic partnership . 
  we have things like infrastructure funds , that are available to improve infrastructure in eu countries . 
  and judging by gdp per capita one can assume that turkey could make good use of billions of euro to improve infrastructure , every year . 
  these billions would of course be more than turkeys contribution to the eu budget . 
  since turkey is such a populous country , it will very likely become the biggest net receiver of the eu . 
  which means that current net receivers will receive less , or in some cases will turn into net contributors . 
  you are one of the few people that understood what merkel offered . 
  but i have my doubts about turkey taking everyone back . 
  this part of the article is probably more important than the eu accession help :  `` firstly , the sharing of the refugee burden should be fair . 
  the amount of aid ... is secondary . 
  what is more important is the common will to tackle this issue . 
  turkey has been left alone in recent years , '' he said . 
  sounds like the eu wo n't get away with bribing turkey to be a remote refugee camp for the eu . 
  shitty poll . 
  does n't mention the option that is a consequence of not working together with turkey . 
  a mandatory and unlimited eu wide asylum seeker distribution quota . 
  bribes are explicitly not counted in the world bank data . 
   people wills top coming because they only want to sweden or germany in the first place . 
  will they ? 
  or will they go for the alternatives that are still a much better option than lebanon and turkey ? 
  in comparison to lebanon and turkey , every single eu country offers a better perspective for refugees . 
  and you are implying that there is any will to change that . 
  if you allow people to apply for asylum outside of the eu you will just increase the number of refugees the eu has to host . 
  because everyone can afford to apply , and not only the people who have a couple thousand dollars for smugglers . 
  and now you say , we could simply limit the number of people we accept . 
  and then everyone who is n't accepted pays smugglers a couple thousand dollars . 
  and we are back at the status quo . 
   technically no as the uk is taking directly from the camps in the region . 
  that 's unhcr resettlement . 
  plenty of eu countries have done that in 2013 already . 
  for example germany took the 20,000 people that the uk wants to resettle in the next 5 years . 
  that has nothing to do with asylum . 
  the un picks the people who are in need for resettlement . 
  the only legal channel to asylum in the eu is to be on eu soil . 
   on a more serious note : does anyone know what sparked the sudden rise in germany ? 
  notary fees were increased in august 2013 . 
   and the sudden drop in spain ? 
  mainly the reduction of the minimum capital requirement . 
  the company they use :  and it assumes that the business :   - is a limited liability company , located in the largest business city , is 100 % domestically owned with between 10 and 50 employees . 
   - conducts general commercial or industrial activities . 
   - has a start-up capital of 10 times income per capita . 
   - has a turnover of at least 100 times income per capita . 
   - does not qualify for any special benefits . 
   - does not own real estate . 
  got that from this report : http://www.doingbusiness.org/reports/~/media/giawb/doing%20business/documents/profiles/regional/db2015/db15-european-union.pdf, 
   the need is still there , so different buildings will have to be used different buildings in other neighborhoods , or even other towns . 
  i would bet that counts as * mission accomplished * for many of these arsonists . 
   this is about trade agreements and regulation !, 
  how did you come to this conclusion ? 
   the uk can not just decide to try and be a better partner for china ... sure they can . 
  for example they could create tax incentives so uk businesses invest more in china . 
  or they could incentivize chinese-uk consortia . 
  germany has not done this . 
  germany still takes asylum seekers back that entered the eu via germany if another country requests it that 's the mandatory part of the dublin regulations . 
  the part where you send back people to the first country of entry is optional . 
  customs and trade agreements are eu matter . 
  not more . 
  the uk can make as many deals with china as they want . 
  the uk still follows penal tariffs or trade limitations in regards to china . 
  every country in the eu does these visits . 
  guess what merkel discusses in china . 
  she talks about trade deals the majority of the time . 
  human rights concerns are just a side issue . 
  because the fences in africa were build years or even decades ago and spain received criticism for it back then . 
  guess what . 
  news handle recent events . 
  nobody knows . 
  if everyone could buy a gun , we would have way fewer neck-stabbing incidents . 
   and i 've lived there all my life without ever encountering any kind of unreasonable check because you look german . 
  and one of the positions of the german police union is that this should be possible outside of the 30km zone . 
  was the bear treated with medications that are not allowed in meat products that will be consumed by humans ? 
  the mediterranean sea ca n't stop asylum seekers , and you believe having a green border without the legal option to cross outside of border checkpoints would stop them ? 
  or do you advocate that every country surrounds itself by guarded fences ? 
  if the uk would n't be in the geographical position they are , not being in schengen would n't help at all . 
   it makes sense for countries to be letting a chosen number of refugees come by plane , like every other country in the world is doing . 
  you mean like every country in the world did in 2013 ? 
  that 's when 20,000 syrians were resettled from unhcr camps to germany . 
  coincidentally that 's also the number of syrians the uk wants to resettle in the next 5 years . 
   i would limit any centralisation to fiscal rules that 's the step of centralization that has the most negative influence on eu citizens . 
   eu-s main reason for existence is the single market . 
  and you ca n't have a ** single ** market without dictate from brussels . 
  if 28 countries do whatever they want you have 28 markets . 
  yep . 
  everyone builds a fence and suddenly refugees wo n't come to europe anymore . 
  i can guarantee that some of the people that seek help have at least attempted to molest children . 
  either before they started the therapy , or while in therapy .
