  / s obviously, 
   how long until eastern europeans demand the eu to not be treated as 2nd class citizens throughout the eu ? 
  that 's exactly the mindset i 'm talking about . 
  instead of accepting that prices are set by the desire to maximise profits , eastern europeans believe that this is a class system and they pay more because they are eastern europeans . 
  you pay more because you are willing to pay more . 
  stop buying stuff that you think is overpriced . 
  on a national level it 's certainly possible . 
  it violates free market principles the eu is run on , but it 's possible . 
  in germany we have equal prices for books , musical notes and maps . 
  the publisher sets the price and everyone from amazon to the local book store has to sell the product for that price . 
  the gdr took it one step further . 
  the state set a nationwide selling price for certain products . 
  that 's the evp -,50 m thing . 
  if the government decided that a specific type of towel would cost 5.10 mark , everyone had to sell towels of that type for that price . 
  they even [ printed the price ] ( http://www.fotocommunity.de/photo/evp-510-mark-jbd68/28928859 ) directly on the product or its label . 
  that would probably violate some eu rules . 
  but hey , one can always change the rules . 
  who is stopping you ? 
  turkey ? 
   bummer , but such is turkish obligation under geneca accords . 
  not quite . 
  turkey limited its ratification of the un refugee convention to refugees that flee conflict in europe . 
  i meant in general . 
  if the only way to solve the eastern european food quality crisis is eu regulation , the only way to solve the price inequality crisis is to make similar demands . 
  evp -,50 m. 
  people from eastern germany will understand . 
  how long until eastern europeans demand that the eu requires equal prices throughout the eu ? 
  oh here we go , ' i do n't like what i 'm reading so i 'll denounce it and then it never happened ' . 
  you guys are so predictable . 
  so you prefer millions of refugees and billions of lost sales for the eu economies over formally keeping the route to eu membership open ? 
  according to the zdf the french are to blame . 
  the documentation was a arte production , and a zdf translator fucked up the translation of the teaser . 
   so your police is instructed to remove ethnic information from crime reports to avoid offending some of them , but fuck those poles right ? 
  if it does n't contribute to the crime report . 
  that 's germany 's understanding of privacy . 
  we also do n't name criminals and we do n't post photos of them . 
  if the police are actually looking for suspects these rules obviously apply to a lesser extent . 
  if you want to see which nationalities commit the most crimes look at the yearly crime statistics . 
   the west german intelligence formed agency 114 ( german : dienststelle 114 ) [ ... ] i do n't speak polish , are the sources credible ? 
  i would prefer history books over news articles in polish media outlets . 
  especially if two of the four linked articles are based on one of the other linked articles . 
  multiple links that boil down to the same source smell fishy to me . 
  anyway , let 's assume benzinger coined the term , when and where was it used ? 
  maybe he just used it when he talked to his nazi friends . 
  that was me . 
  zdf probably linked to the apology from their home page . 
  i doubt that the court actually expected that the fucking zdf replaces its homepage with an apology . 
  because we speak german ? 
  seems like nobody has a problem with calling them what they were . 
  and guess how many of the former hits talk about the polish death camp controversy instead of deliberately using the term to connect poland and the holocaust ? 
  heck , if you remove the meta hits that are about the controversy from the english term `` polish death camp '' you 'll probably find less results than for `` deutsche vernichtungslager '' . 
  only poland believes that anyone with a brain wants to connect them with the holocaust . 
  as precaution ? 
  the public pool in my town put up similar rules . 
  one sheet asked everyone to act like human beings , the other one asked people to report any suspicious behaviour immediately . 
  after that got public a resident asked in the city council meeting how many such groping incidents happened in our public pool . 
  none , the announcement was made as a precaution . 
  because if it helps to prevent a single case it was worth the 5 euro it costed to put up two laminated sheets of paper . 
  do you understand the meaning of the word `` exactly '' ? 
  why did they not meet the requirement ? 
  was it never there ? 
  was it there 29 days ? 
  was the font size too small ? 
  i do n't speak polish , so i ca n't search for the verdict myself . 
  more or less stupid than you have to be to think that a german public broadcaster would use the term deliberately to blame poles for the holocaust ? 
  do you know how exactly the zdf apologised on their website and why karol tendera believes that this is n't satisfactory ? 
  i do n't , so i ca n't judge if tendera is right to still be offended . 
  since you studied history , to which other people of countries did germany issue an apology ? 
  because i think that did n't happen . 
  germany took responsibility for its actions , but it did n't apologise individually . 
  that 's what happens when you get rid of gleichschaltung . 
  people have their own opinions . 
  according to zdf it was a fuckup by a translator . 
  the program was airing on arte , and the zdf translated the announcement from french to german . 
  since arte was n't sued i assume that it was actually the translation that went wrong . 
  and then the person that spoke the announcement did n't think twice about what they were speaking , neither did the other people working on producing that announcement . 
  shit happens . 
  zdf apologised . 
  fin . 
   consider this term highly offensive is enough reason to stop using this term nobody is using that term deliberately . 
  there is no conspiracy to blame the holocaust on poland . 
   and apologize for doing this ? 
  already done . 
  both in a letter to karol tendera and publicly on the zdf website , which was linked for a while from their homepage . 
  if that 200,000 number is net migration ( it probably is ) more than a third of them are now living in germany . 
  in the first 9 months of 2015 134,000 romanians moved to germany . 
  at the same time 63,000 left , so at the end of september 2016 there were 71,000 romanians more in germany than in january . 
  compared to 140,000 immigration , 52,000 emigration and 88,000 net migration in the first 9 months of 2015, 
  is that net migration ? 
  these are all gypsies . 
  no true romanian would ever engage in crime . 
   no incentives for immigrants without employable skills = no economic migrants who have no chance of getting a job and integrating . 
  even without welfare there are still plenty of incentives left . 
  believe it or not , but many economic migrants come to europe because they think that they can find a job . 
  they have zero self-awareness in that regard and believe every single word they are told by people smugglers . 
  source : have talked to a few dozen asylum seekers in search for one that has the skills to do an internship with us . 
   we have plans for what happens of they do n't integrate and zero tolerance for crimes . 
  will you imprison them because they refuse to integrate ? 
  will you cut the non existing welfare ? 
  what is that plan ?
