  i ca n't remember that any high ranked politician from the eu or a member state connected the sanctions against russia to crimea . 
  there are two sets of sanctions . 
  the ones that people are usually talking about are against russia , they were meant to guarantee the implementation of the minsk agreement . 
  which does not mention crimea . 
  there 's also a full embargo in place against crimea , but nobody ever talks about that . 
  because the economic impact is minuscule , it 's mostly symbolic . 
   the only reason why we officially are on the eu path is because we ~ ~ do n't want us sponsored terrorists in the southern serbia . ~ ~ get sweet eu money for it, 
  germany hired a second police officer earlier this year . 
  now we can enforce multiple laws at the same time . 
  i doubt that many muslims were present when blocky frankfurt attacked firefighters last year . 
  the guy that killed the worker in the unemployment center in bavaria in 2014 was also not muslim . 
  i have never heard of muslim hooligans who love to fight the police either . 
  the guy that shoot the public prosecutor during his trial a couple years ago was n't muslim . 
  you attack them when they try to extinguish the barricades or the cars you just lit on fire . 
  like it happened last year in frankfurt when blockupy `` protested '' against the new ecb headquarter . 
   what are they running from ? 
  that is determined during the asylum application process . 
  contrary to popular believe , asylum does n't mean `` protection from civil war '' . 
  you might say [ es rappelt im karton ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lstdosyefja ) . 
  only if we get half of poland . 
  in return they get good weather . 
  sounds like a fair deal . 
  considering that this problem has been going on for years we should start with a guide in german . 
   european staff can hand out denials , but any accept a greek official has to look over too , so call positive evaluations are handed over to be looked over by the greeks again , but all negative ones can go through sounds like a good way to guarantee that every single rejected asylum seeker objects that decision because the decision maker was biased . 
  the european court of human rights should appoint more judges . 
  in theory . 
  if the asylum agency believes that they are a risk for public safety . 
  but the vast majority of them wo n't get asylum anyway . 
  find legal ways to pay less taxes on your salary and go for it . 
  it 's not illegal to hire tax advisors . 
  it 's also not illegal to pursue legal ways to lower the amount of taxes you pay . 
   the us very much wants for europe to have capable militaries so that we can move our assets elsewhere in the world , namely the pacific . 
  do the us want to close landstuhl and ramstein too ? 
  the mission in the north , minusma , is a un peace keeping mission . 
  soldiers of three dozen countries participate . 
  the mission in the south is a european union training mission ( eutm ) , and almost all eu members have send military personnel . 
  you forgot `` insurance premium increases '' before the `` repeat '' step . 
  that 's because nobody cares about australia . 
  the vast majority of people outside australia do n't even know the name of the australian pm . 
  if you do a study that is based on hypothetical questions . 
  if you look at the actual figures you 'll see that more eu citizen move to germany than to the uk . 
  according to this [ ons statistic ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/populationandmigration/internationalmigration/bulletins/migrationstatisticsquarterlyreport/february2016#net-migration-to-the-uk ) net migration of eu citizens to the uk in the year ending september 2015 reached 172,000 people . 
  according to the german [ freedom of movement monitoring ] ( http://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/publikationen/broschueren/freizuegigkeitsmonitoring-jahresbericht-2015.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ) , net migration reached 321,920 people in the first 9 ( ! ), 
  months of 2015 . 
   `` freedom of movement has always been one of the eu 's central tenets but according to this research , europe is delivering the uk one-way traffic , '' said indeed 's economist mariano mamertino . 
  the fate of countries that are n't piss poor . 
  `` fee '' does not imply voluntariness . 
  the difference between a fee and a tax is that the fee is collected for a specific purpose . 
  and it can only be spend on that specific purpose . 
  a tax goes into the general government budget . 
  public broadcaster fees literally are fees . 
  she got what she wanted . 
  she never objected the fees officially . 
  she did n't object the default summons from the court . 
  she ignored that letter , which means that she has agreed that the sum that is summoned is correct . 
  and if you do n't cooperate with the court marshall during your collection proceedings you land in coercive detention . 
  i only have one tv . 
  `` erdogan is a pedophile who watches child porn '' is not covered under free speech . 
  and b\u00f6hmermann knew that . 
  because before reading that poem he said that this is not allowed in germany . 
    its just you who is unbelievable stupid   i 'm not sure why you had to go off on a personal insult . 
  personal insult ? 
  that was satire . 
  count yourself lucky that you were n't called a pedophile who watches child porn . 
  like erdogan was called . 
  in the case of libya we do n't even try the whole ordeal of building a democratic nation like we did in afghanistan . 
  we just plant someone who we hope is reliable enough to stop the migrants . 
   all of those were taken in consideration when those plants were built in europe in the first place . 
  except for fessenheim ( and probably many others ) . 
   i do n't know everything about this subject , nor do i claim to , but in the japanese accidents people were killed , and in the french accidents the most severe one was a meltdown in progress are you serious ? 
  a `` meltdown in progress '' is less severe just because no one was killed ? 
   also , most french accidents had to do with the energy infrastructure around the plant , and not the plant or the nuclear process itself ( nuclear furnacr near a plant malfunctioning , electrical grid at power hq failing etc. . ) do you realize how the fukushima accident was caused ? 
  the tsunami did not destroy the reactors . 
  all the tsunami did was to destroy energy infrastructure that is not part of the nuclear process . 
  the earthquake safety measures caused the reactors to shut down , so they no longer produced electricity and the plant had to rely on offsite electricity . 
  at the same time the earthquake destroyed transmission lines that were supposed to supply the power plant with electricity in case the reactors are shut down . 
  this lead to a so called `` loss of offsite power '' event . 
  that triggered the start of the emergency diesel generators , which were supposed to supply the power plant with electricity . 
  then the tsunami came , and it destroyed generators and switch panels ( that 's why tepco could not connect the generators they brought in later ) . 
  this destruction caused a so called `` station blackout '' situation , where no ac electricity is available at all . 
  without ac electricity , pumps do n't run . 
  without these pumps , cooling for the reactor cores was lost . 
  which ultimately caused severe core damage . 
  if all that energy infrastructure that is not part of the nuclear process would have been okay , the fukushima accident would have not happened . 
  according to the report the difference between available funding and required funding for germany is 7.7 billion euro . 
  for lithuania alone the difference between available and required funding 5.3 billion euro . 
  anything in particular that i should concentrate on ? 
  for someone with only high school intensive course knowledge about nuclear energy this `` disasters section '' reads similar to the list in the article about france that lists `` a few problems , but those are resolved quickly and profesionally . '', 
   the western nuclear plants are incedibly safe , due to extremely strict policies and laws . 
  have you ever heard of any problems in france ? 
  six years ago , had you ever heard of any problems in japan ? 
   does n't make them the most popular though . 
  or the most cost effective . 
  in case you want to know why they do this : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/depublizieren, 
   renewables ca n't make enough power for industry is that newtons fifth law of thermodynamics ? 
  if the czech republic has announced that they will be deported , germany can not legally return them to the czech republic without checking their cases first . 
  repatriating people who fall under the un refugee convention is against eu rules and the un convention . 
  if the czech republic wants to do that , germany can not legally return them there . 
  also part of the eu rules and the un convention . 
  and if we do n't get nuclear fusion to work ?
