  most likely that 'll put less than 24 % of greeks in favor of a transfer union . 
  the whole thing turned into a situation where it 's hard to distinguish between serious options and another bluff in the game that leads to a deal in the last minute . 
  i said it before , more countries should do that . 
  the german government wo n't do anything regarding that issue without external pressure . 
  they are just too afraid of telling the nsa to back off . 
  germany and the bnd want to play in the big boys spying club , so they do whatever the us surveillance agencies want . 
  because they lose their competitiveness if they have to bid 100 times for a 100km road instead of 1 time . 
  each bid comes with a massive amount of paperwork and bureaucracy . 
  why ca n't the smaller companies form a consortium that bids on the big project , and then each company does their share of the work ? 
  is that ppp ? 
  no need for an invasion . 
  greece could just stop to pay . 
  but that 's not what greece wants . 
  bp ; dr ( behind paywall ), 
  heise forum is leaking . 
  how to you prevent that these ministers act in the interest of germany , france and the netherlands ? 
  greece does n't want to default , and they do n't want to leave the eurozone . 
  they voted for a government that explicitly said that greece will stay in the eurozone . 
  what now ? 
  juncker uses these things in face-to-face conversations , varoufakis and tsipras publish these things in blogs and newspapers . 
  there will be a deal at the very last day . 
  every party will give in a bit , so they can tell their voters `` we tried very hard to force them to accept our requests . 
  but in the end a compromise was the right thing to do '' . 
  expect another 50 % haircut . 
  they already received a 100 billion euro haircut . 
   well , romania is basically the lowest and we have some pretty draconian anti drug laws . 
  i wanted to and actually did wrote something similar . 
  but the statistics is supposed to show that after portugal decriminalized drugs , it did n't turn into a drug infested shithole were junkies die left and right . 
  because apparently that was something that some people thought would happen . 
  it 's just correlation , in the sense `` our decriminalization did n't lead to more drug fatalities '' . 
  not causation , `` because we decriminalized we have very little drug fatalities '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure the samwer brothers are already working on a reddit clone . 
   i think it 's a semi comedic comment about how the nazis burnt the reichstag 's down and used it to have all leftist opposition arrested . 
  most historians agree that van der lubbe , the communist from the netherlands , did actually set the reichstag on fire . 
  an entrepreneur from sweden could set up his business to estonia . 
  he could pay everyone half of what he has to pay for an average developer in sweden . 
  since half of the average salary in sweden is twice the average salary in estonia , he could probably attract people who are way above average . 
  and he still saved half the money per employee . 
  the software that is created in estonia is then sold in sweden for 25 % less than what the competitor , who is truly swedish , is charging . 
  eastern europe should concentrate on attracting businesses from western europe instead of keeping people in . 
  if i would n't be so afraid of change , i would already be in eastern europe . 
  i sell my software internationally , over the internet ; so my income does n't depend on my location . 
  in eastern europe i could probably afford to hire someone , and i would still have more money left . 
  that implies that both natives and immigrants demand the same salary . 
  if an eastern european can undercut the wage demands of a western european by 1 euro , there will always be plenty of open positions for workers from eastern europe . 
  the word they are looking for :  ter \u00b7 ror \u00b7 ism   * noun *   the use of violence and intimidation in the pursuit of political aims . 
   why do so many people in this sub assume low numbers = bad ? 
  because [ insert my country ] stronk !, 
  [ insert your country ] stole our clay [ insert number between 50 and 2000 ] years ago !, 
  casus belli something something . 
  i am a avid [ insert game by paradox interactive ] player . 
  i know what i 'm doing . 
  [ insert weird polandball reference ], 
  germany and japan would . 
  maybe it 's time to migrate to afghanistan or azerbaijan . 
  and the question was `` if there were a war that involves [ insert your country ] , would you be willing to fight for your country ? '', 
  nothing about getting invaded . 
  so everyone who was asked can interpret the question however they like . 
  if there is an actual threat of an invasion the numbers will change immediately . 
  and it does n't help that the question was about `` fighting for your country '' instead of `` defending your country in case of an invasion '' . 
  nope , i 'm not willing to defend the freedom of germany in afghanistan . 
  and i 'm not willing to fight if nato decides they have to intervene in ukraine . 
  i 'm also not willing to fight for a finish-german alliance to get back some clay that belongs to finland . 
  if russia invades ? 
  give me a rifle , grenades and five rolls of duct tape and i see what i can do . 
  maybe they should have asked a different question . 
  the question was `` if there were a war that involved [ insert your country ] , would you be willing to fight for your country ? '', 
  for the average german , and myself , that does n't sound like a defensive war . 
  the results would probably look different if the question was `` if you country would be invaded by north korea , would you be willing to fight for your country ? 
  according to [ this image ] ( http://gallup-international.bg/images/fight_0515/3.jpg ) the question was `` if there were a war that involved [ insert your country ] , would you be willing to fight for your country ? '', 
  and it appears that it was asked in the context of the anniversary of the end of the first world war . 
   jean-marc leger , president of win/gallup international association , said : `` one hundred years on from the start of the first great war we find that 61 % of the world 's citizens are willing to fight for their country . 
  http://gallup-international.bg/en/publications/2015/220-win-gallup-international\u2019s-global-survey-shows-three-in-five-willing-to-fight-for-their-country `` hey germany , we are here to celebrate the end of one of the two world wars you basically started . 
  if there would be a third one , would you fight for your country ? '', 
   it was asked in the context of the 100 year anniversary for ther first world war . 
  please tell me you are joking . 
  hey germany . 
  now that we celebrate the end of world war i , are you willing to do it a third time ? 
  who said that anyone is invading ? 
  maybe your country is the aggressor ? 
  how did you like the last time we were willing to fight for our country ? 
  what happened to japan the last time they were willing to fight for their country ? 
  if you are under real threat from one of your neighbors you are more willing to fight . 
  i ca n't even imagine who we would have to fight . 
  even russia is totally unrealistic . 
   then again , it 's one thing to say that you want to fight , and a whole different thing to actually do it once the shit hits the fan . 
  and that goes in both directions . 
  plenty of pacifists will change their mind once north korea actually starts to invade europe . 
  they are good countries , i would n't mind living in them . 
  and if they appear around me , so be it . 
  `` if the mountain wo n't come to muhammad then muhammad must go to the mountain . '', 
   i do n't expect that poland , the netherlands or austria will start to kill all ethnic germans . 
  if they do , my opinion would probably change . 
  yes . 
  i already see plenty of bikes every day , in all age and fitness groups . 
  that there are n't more is not a question of topography . 
  it 's a question of infrastructure and the missing `` bicycle mind '' . 
  i do n't want to force people who live on alps to only ride with their bike . 
  even the netherlands allow people to drive cars . 
   if you ask if they would fight because the frenchies are invading , most would probably say yes .
