  people leave these countries for economic reason . 
  i 'm sure damaging their economy will totally lead to less asylum seekers . 
   and we have been showing you how its done eversince we joined schengen , unlike other members we have been actually following our obligations to the letter . 
  ` we ' means your country ? 
  as in the czech republic ? 
  as in the country that only borders germany , austria , slovakia and poland ? 
  the first two were schengen members when you joined schengen , the latter two joined at the same time . 
  the czech republic does n't have an external schengen border . 
  that makes it very easy to follow your obligations to the letter . 
  but good job regardless . 
  italy ca n't change any laws that are relevant in that case . 
  they ca n't change the refugee convention because italy is not the un . 
  they ca n't change the european declaration of human rights . 
  and they also ca n't opt out from the eu laws that are based on this , because these laws are a requirement for being a eu member . 
  i have the feeling i already said that to you , but the un refugee convention was literally designed with the holocaust in mind . 
  millions of refugees originating from a single area within a short time was precisely what they had in mind when they came up with the convention . 
  the whole point of the convention is to force countries to accept asylum seekers even if it becomes inconvenient . 
  there were plenty of countries denied entry for jews that were fleeing germany . 
  and then the un decided that this must not repeat . 
  his is n't . 
  mine is . 
  the uk actually has controls of their borders in regards to third country nationals . 
  they are not in schengen and have an opt-out from common immigration policy . 
  and while the uk ca n't generally stop eu citizen from entering their country , they can and will reject every obvious asylum seeker with a schengen visa or italian residence permit . 
  if there were legal grounds to do that it would have already happened . 
   yeah if we give them a resident permit ( permesso di soggiorno ) you can not stop them as they can move anywhere withing schengen . 
  that is not correct . 
  third country nationals have to fulfil certain conditions to be allowed to enter a schengen member . 
  only one of the conditions is waived for people who have a residence permit of a schengen member . 
  the other conditions still apply . 
  and they are enough to prevent asylum seekers from entering . 
  see article 6 of the [ schengen borders code ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=celex%3a32016r0399 ) if italy starts to issue residence permits to asylum seekers the only thing that is guaranteed is that their schengen membership defacto ends . 
  because all countries that have land , air or sea routes with italy will reintroduce systematic checks on these routes . 
  and they will not only do that for a few months , they will do it for years . 
  this time for real . 
  not like the last few decades . 
  can we please stop using words like `` accept '' and `` take '' when it comes to countries and asylum seekers ? 
  italy has n't asked for asylum seekers . 
  they come on their own . 
  or they are brought there by european ngos or european navies . 
  italy has no choice . 
  the asylum seekers are there . 
  and they wo n't go away if you say `` these people are not refugees '' . 
  indeed . 
  finally the uk no longer has to adhere to schengen rules . 
  the uk would have stayed if only they would have gotten an opt-out from schengen !, 
  and schengen countries can use article 6 of the [ schengen border code ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=celex%3a32016r0399 ) to deny their entry . 
  third country nationals have to fulfil certain conditions to be able to enter schengen countries . 
  the condition of needing a visa is waived if they have a residence permit of another member . 
  but that 's just one of the conditions , the other conditions still apply . 
  for example people can be asked to prove the purpose and conditions of their trip . 
  of course people could request asylum right when leaving the airplane . 
  the member state will then file a dublin relocation request for the asylum seeker , because as their residence permit shows it 's italy who is responsible for their asylum request . 
  then the countries would use article 6 of the [ schengen border code ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=celex%3a32016r0399 ) . 
  if third country national have a residence permit they do n't need a visa to enter a member state . 
  but they still have to fulfil the other criteria for entering another member state . 
  for example they have to justify the purpose and conditions of their trip . 
   if they give them resident permit nothing can stop them from crossing borders . 
  they will have every right as native italian to cross the border as long as they have a valid passport . 
  compared to eu citizens schengen visa holders have very few rights to enter a member state . 
  here are the relevant articles from the [ eu visa code ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=uriserv%3ajl0028 ) :  article 30   * rights derived from an issued visa *   mere possession of a uniform visa or a visa with limited territorial validity shall not confer an automatic right of entry . 
  --  article 34   * annulment and revocation *   1 . 
  a visa shall be annulled where it becomes evident that the conditions for issuing it were not met at the time when it was issued , in particular if there are serious grounds for believing that the visa was fraudulently obtained . 
  a visa shall in principle be annulled by the competent authorities of the member state which issued it . 
  a visa may be annulled by the competent authorities of another member state , in which case the authorities of the member state that issued the visa shall be informed of such annulment . 
  a visa shall be revoked where it becomes evident that the conditions for issuing it are no longer met . 
  a visa shall in principle be revoked by the competent authorities of the member state which issued it . 
  a visa may be revoked by the competent authorities of another member state , in which case the authorities of the member state that issued the visa shall be informed of such revocation . 
  italy is bluffing . 
  like they did in [ 2015 ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jun/15/italy-threatens-to-give-schengen-visas-to-migrants-as-eu-dispute-deepens ) . 
  according to article 22 of the [ visa code ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=uriserv%3ajl0028 ) member states can request prior consultation before other members issue visa to certain countries . 
  once the countries bordering italy have notified the commission of that intent and the commission relayed that intent to italy , italian authorities have to consult the other members prior to issuing a visa to people from the relevant countries . 
  at the same time the countries bordering italy will move border police to their border with italy to close them . 
  border police will deny entry to people from certain countries , even if they have a valid visa . 
  they will make use of article 30 of the visa code , which states that possession of a visa shall not confer an automatic right of entry . 
  they will also use article 34 to invalidate visa if it becomes evident that the conditions for issuing were not met . 
  which should be the case for basically every asylum seeker with a visa . 
  edit : and if they hand out residence permits the other countries would make use of article 6 of the [ schengen borders code ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=celex%3a32016r0399 ) . 
  which indeed waives the requirement for having a visa . 
  but third-country nationals are still required to fulfil the other conditions to enter another member country . 
  one of that conditions is to show purpose and conditions of the trip . 
  requesting asylum is not a purpose for letting you enter a member state . 
  or in other words , they are bluffing . 
  because their amazing plan wo n't work for too long . 
  of course they said that . 
  without knowing how brexit will look like it would be stupid to announce post-brexit layoffs now . 
  because if a good deal is reached they might not be necessary at all . 
  take easyjet for example . 
  they recently announced that they are applying for an austrian license to create a vienna based subsidiary . 
  they have n't announced how many jobs they 'll move . 
  because that depends on the outcome of brexit . 
  if the uk does n't get full cabotage rights in the eu , i.e. 
  if uk airlines are not allowed to fly between any two eu destinations without a stop-over in uk , they will certainly have to move a significant part of their uk operation to vienna . 
  otherwise eu airlines will argue in front of the eu commission that easyjet austria is not really a eu company and should therefor not have cabotage rights . 
  if the uk gets full cabotage rights they might even close down easyjet austria again . 
   not really , there is n't even a way to leave the eurozone . 
  the eurozone could have made that possible . 
  sch\u00e4uble offered that option . 
  greece declined . 
   on the contrary , all banks in northern europe would 've fallen over , germany would most likely have gone bankrupt again .
