  italy , germany , france and sweden have plenty of them . 
   we poles are smarter than that [ ... ]  why risk increase in theft [ ... ]  sure , not all immigrants from africa do this ... just the majority : s adorable . 
  the car stealing poles are afraid of theft . 
  sure , not all poles do this ... just the majority : s -- welcome to the circle of hate . 
   if it was up to poland and other eastern states , action would 've been taken long ago . 
  do you have a link so i can read about the eastern european proposals on how to `` solve '' the refugee crisis ? 
  i actually would like to live in all eu/efta countries . 
  they all look very interesting , at least the capitals . 
  but if i had to choose i would pick amsterdam . 
  i guess there i do n't have to explain why i do everything by bike and do n't want a car . 
  from a business perspective i would move to estonia , i could probably afford to hire someone over there . 
  nothing to worry for north korea , we wo n't do anything about it . 
  but maybe the data is useful . 
  we know a lot about survival in cold water because of nazi experiments . 
  so who knows what we 'll learn from north korean experiments . 
  travel in europe is always short distance . 
  if 3857 doctors from romania are in germany , how many are in switzerland , austria , france , benelux , the uk , sweden , ireland ? 
  all of them offer way higher salaries than romania . 
  and by plane , they are all just a few hours away . 
  saying that there is no brain drain is just wrong . 
  high skilled professions make use of freedom of movement as well . 
  fresh out of university , you 'll earn more in western europe than someone with 10 years experience in eastern europe . 
  brain drain is even an issue for eastern germany . 
  go to rural eastern europe and it 'll look much worse . 
  -- source is the yearly doctor statistics of the german medical association ( bundes\u00e4rztekammer ) , the central organisation in the system of medical self-administration in germany . 
  via a mandatory membership in their medical association , every doctor in germany is part of the german medical association . 
  if doctors do n't pack up , why are there so many eastern european doctors in germany ? 
  for example on 31.12.2014 we had 483 doctors from france , 263 from uk , 47 from ireland . 
  but we also had 1427 from bulgaria , 1936 from poland , 3857 from romania , 1126 from slovakia , 1597 from hungary , 220 from latvia , 301 from lithuania , 50 from estonia . 
  from the [ statistics ( german ) ] ( http://www.bundesaerztekammer.de/fileadmin/user_upload/downloads/pdf-ordner/statistik2014/stat14abbtab.pdf ) it does look like plenty doctors leave eastern europe . 
  the situation . 
  everyone talks about grexit and brexit . 
  everyone tells us what will happen if they exit or not exit . 
  everyone tells us how prepared everyone is . 
  and from behind comes austria ... `` excuse me guys . 
  we will leave the eu now . 
  though it was funnier in my head , before i typed it out ... 
  would be funny if the \u00d6xit happens before the grexit and the brexit . 
  the chart is wrong because it ignores the 106.5 billion euro haircut for greece . 
  even using that as a threat would be suicide . 
  as far as i know , not even north korea has gone this route . 
  you will lose any trust other countries have in you . 
  a country that threatens to print euros will threaten to print rubles , yuan and us-dollars too if it suites their interest . 
   what are these strategies ? 
  tight border control ? 
  alleged dumping pricing of solar panels ? 
  how the chinese government subsidized chinese manufactures . 
  and how european manufacturers forced the eu to implemented punitive tariffs . 
  and now it 's a constant tariff battle against chinese solar panels . 
  taiwan and malaysia import solar panels to the eu that allegedly originated in china , and the eu authorities start investigations left and right . 
  and even with the punitive tariffs , the eu solar industry is still struggling . 
  [ eu prosun ] ( http://www.prosun.org ) , the initiative of european solar panel manufacturers , should have plenty of material . 
  there 's also igor akhmerov , whose company received subsidies by the italian government , because he passed off chinese panels as eu-made panels . 
   but why do we take so many of those are are most difficult to integrate ( because of their religion and hate of the western world ) and who lack education when there are literally tens millions of east asians eager to move and live in a better place too ? 
  because of the un refugee convention . 
  and i guess fruit import to bosnia ( from eu ) has raised similarly ? 
  -- when two people quarrel , a third rejoices . 
  you can always read ft.com articles if you google the headline and click the article . 
  they disable the paywall if you come from google . 
  but they are n't immune to education either . 
  teach them and they will become qualified . 
  you know , like we do it with our own citizens . 
   why do n't we simply reposes some of the islands ? 
  greece could sell the tv rights for the documentary-style reality show `` island repo '' . 
  `` we just have to put that piece of paper next to the door of that island to make it legal for us to take it back to germany . '', 
  i hoped the time that europe takes colonies was over . 
  i doubt that the people living there want to be leased away . 
  besides the moral problem , there are also economic issues . 
  the only economic branch that makes sense to establish on these islands is tourism . 
  it would be stupid to artificially put a manufacturing plant there , because you have to bring raw materials by ship , and you have to take products away by ship . 
  that adds expenses to the manufacturing process that do n't add anything to the product . 
  and tourism is either the or one of greece 's main incomes . 
  we would cut out the best piece of greece economy and take that for ourselves . 
  making sure greece needs more money transfers in the future . 
  if someone wants to invest in greece they can already do that . 
  greece wo n't say no if another european company wants to create jobs . 
  but that wo n't happen until greece has figured out which way they want to go and until they are really committed to that way . 
  i think americans have a phrase for that ... 
  put your money where your mouth is . 
  apparently czechs are not very active cross-border criminals . 
  i live only hundred kilometers from the czech border . 
  and the criminal gangs ( theft , burglary , robbery ) that are caught here are mainly from romania , poland and non-eu eastern europe . 
  czechs only sell crystal meth to germans , but they do that in the czech republic . 
  not sure why it is like it is , but it always baffled me . 
  naturally you would expect more czech cross-border crime in my area . 
  where do we get that magical island from ? 
  should we use mallorca or what ? 
   you did it already . 
  actually , three times in the past century . 
  i know . 
  another redditor posted a [ nice list ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3bmdve/greece_confirms_it_will_not_pay_imf_instalment/csngieo ) , if we count the defaults of the last two centuries , greece is at 5 . 
  still better than spain , portugal and turkey though, 
  but do they have a degree in default ? 
  it comes with a master in austerity . 
  with the second bailout package greece would have been able to shift the loans that are due soon a couple decades into the future . 
  i do n't understand most of your post , but the eu already has a central asylum seeker registry . 
  but the real world does n't work like an economic model . 
  make the nobel prize winners responsible for economic decisions in the real world and they will all fail . 
  they preach from a position where criticism is very easy . 
  because they do n't have to put any constraints on their work .
