  after these 90 days you can only continue to stay in a country that is n't your home country if you work or can finance your household from your own money . 
  otherwise you can be send back to your home country . 
  if malta would `` open the floodgates to the eu '' by granting everyone citizenship , it risks to be responsible for the people that rely on welfare . 
  worse . 
  source : i live in saxony . 
   this is the state where one would expect the afd to have the most support . 
  especially since they reached 9.7 % in 2014 . 
  a year before merkel `` invited everyone '' . 
   saxons are the most likely to say that there are `` too many foreigners in germany '' despite there being almost no foreigners in that state . 
  that `` almost no '' has changed in the last years , there are now plenty of asylum seekers here . 
  before that very few foreigners . 
  which makes asylum seekers stand out more , especially in small towns which generally do n't attract that many foreigners . 
  and while we commit tax evasion we complain about tax avoidance by corporations . 
  yesterday in the train station i told someone to take his fucking cigarette to the smoking area . 
  thank god i 'm not a muslim , otherwise i would probably be deported for bullying . 
  thank god rust-belters ca n't be manipulated . 
  donald trump , the man of the people who will drain the swamp . 
  one person , one vote . 
  quite easy system . 
  works basically everywhere in the world . 
  tesla could just stop naming a thing that is legally totally not an auto-pilot if you crash into something an auto-pilot , and everyone would be happy . 
  and then she got 1.5 million more votes than trump . 
  and still los . 
  our voting system is not that stupid . 
   i wonder if that 's part of why clinton lost . 
  she lost because of the stupid voting system . 
  clinton currently leads the popular vote [ by 1.5 million votes ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2016/11/clintons-popular-vote-lead-will-grow-and-grow/507455/ ) . 
  stop signs at the border . 
   this might sound stupid , but what is the 35 % we do n't recycle or compost made up of ? 
  everything that goes into your `` black bin '' . 
  and the stuff that ca n't be recycled from the pre-sorted bins . 
  the recycling quotas for pre-sorted glass and paper are quite high . 
  but not every piece of plastic you put into your yellow bin is recycled , because some plastics are just hard to recycle . 
  many people also believe that the yellow bin is for everything that contains plastics , but it 's actually for packings only . 
  sorting plants can not make good use of non-packaging plastics because they are often products that consist of multiple plastic compounds . 
  so most of that is just discarded . 
  waste incinerators also buy stuff like plastic waste to compensate for the high wet content of german `` black bin '' waste that is caused by high recycling quotas . 
  though it 's possible that this plastic waste counts as recycled because it is sold as a secondary material on the free market . 
  if burning waste would count as recycling , germany would be closer to 100 % , because putting untreated solid municipal waste on landfills has been banned in germany in 2005 . 
  in that case we would be closer to 100 % , because putting untreated municipal waste on landfills is banned since 2005 in germany . 
   i just believe in general that it is up to the guests to integrate . 
  one-sided integration is very hard if not outright impossible in all four dimensions of integration , which are : 1 . cultural integration - acquisition of knowledge about the host country . 
  learning language , society and history 2 . structural integration - having access to the same opportunities ( i.e. 
  school , university , jobs , or just renting an apartment ) as the native population 3 . social integration - having friends and acquaintances in the native population , attending `` native '' events 4 . emotional integration - the feeling of belonging e.g. 
  immigrants referring to merkel as their chancellor . 
  if you do n't offer very cheap or even free language courses , many immigrants will not learn language , history and other things about the society . 
  if you offer these courses and immigrants do n't attend them you have the very same problem . 
  they will pick up what they need when they need it . 
  and if first generation immigrants do n't learn that stuff properly , they wo n't be able to pass that knowledge on to their children . 
  which then leads to problems in all dimensions . 
  if you do n't speak the language you will drop out of school early and you wo n't find a job . 
  but if the native population has prejudices against immigrants you will struggle finding a job or an apartment even if you speak the local language perfectly . 
  if the native population does n't want to be friends with immigrants , immigrants will struggle to make friends in the native population . 
  in the social integration dimension lack of language becomes a very big problem as well . 
  and if you call them guests you are preventing emotional integration . 
  if you feel like you are not welcome , you will act this way . 
  and if the native population still calls you turk , even if you are a 3rd generation immigrant without turkish citizenship you will definitely not feel welcome . 
  customs has nothing to do with freedom of movement for people . 
  there are customs checks between eu , and norway , switzerland and iceland , because the latter countries are not in the eu customs union , so you have to pay import tax when transporting goods between the countries . 
  but they all participate in eu freedom of movement . 
  they are even in schengen . 
  the uk is worried about freedom of movement for workers , i.e. 
  the right of every eu/eea/swiss citizen to work in every country in the eu/eea/switzerland . 
  and their right to be treated equal to brits when they do that . 
  the uk would be way less worried if eu freedom of movement as a whole would be limited to the unconditional part , the right of every eu/eea/swiss citizen to visit another eu/eea/swiss country for 90 days . 
  they will not realise that the fake news article they just liked on facebook was from a us website because its url starts with la-verite . wordpress.fr and it was written in french . 
  because it comes with immigration . 
  they would love to be a member of the single market without immigration . 
   the union once sold itself as a mutually beneficial cooperative agreement but is now turning itself into an abusive cult which punishes and intimidates members into compliance . 
  the uk will no longer be a member . 
  why should the eu treat them like one ? 
  the other strategy would be to give the uk some special status . 
  getting advantages from being in the eu while not actually being in the eu is what would destroy the eu . 
  because other countries could seek for a similar status . 
  in the end the eu is a club of countries that accept the disadvantages of the eu in exchange for the advantages the eu offers . 
  the uk decided to leave the eu to get rid of the disadvantages . 
  but they would love to keep the advantages . 
  the negotiations will crash hard . 
  nothing substantial will be achieved within these two years . 
  eu and uk will part ways in a way that will be destructive for both economies . 
   also no shielding because no plastic . 
  hehe back then they had things like gutta-percha latex . 
  the first trans-atlantic telegraph cable was operational in 1858 already . 
   the stable states closer to the war zone should have also received more refugees than countries like germany who are very far . 
  you mean like turkey ? 
  who [ according to ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/syrianrefugees/regional.php ) the unhcr currently host 2,764,500 refugees from syria ? 
  or like lebanon , who host 1,017,433 ? 
  or like jordan who host 655,833 refugees ? 
  even fucking iraq hosts 227,971 refugees from syria . 
  for comparison , there are currently 1,177,914 syrian refugees in europe . 
   sure , those states are n't as rich that 's an understatement . 
  turkey has a gdp of 822 billion usd , lebanon has a gdp of 44.35 billion usd , jordan has a gdp of 33.68 billion euro . 
  the german gdp is 3730 billion usd . 
   but the eu could have helped with that instead of having them all here . 
  the eu ca n't do such things , they do n't have a mandate for such things . 
  but member states can . 
  like the german federal disaster relief agency thw , who build the infrastructure in refugee camps in jordan for more than 3 years . 
  they even build a fucking 60 m bridge over a river that divided a refugee camp in two . 
  if all those countries that love to talk about helping refugees in other parts of the world would actually help , the unhcr would n't be so underfunded . 
  they currently received 54 % of what they asked for their syrian relief for this year .
