  after 6 years a refugee can apply for german citizenship . 
  if you pass a language and integration test ; can support yourself and your family without unemployment/social benefits ; pledge to follow the constitution ; have a clean criminal record ; and give up your citizenship you can become a german citizen . 
  yes . 
  remember how everyone says germany is an asshole for having such a large trade surplus ? 
  and then they say germany should increase internal consumption ? 
  that 's what happens right now . 
  the federal government will inject billions of euro into the german economy . 
  i am very positive that in 10 years germany will be better than today . 
  and keep in mind that syrians from all over the society are fleeing the civil war . 
  many syrians have an education that we can build upon . 
  syria is not the backward country that many people think . 
   private german companies that are part of a multinational consortium help russia bypass ukraine via nord stream 2, 
  and uk , poland , romania , estonia , bulgaria , denmark , czech republic , latvia , slovakia , lithuania , italy , norway , hungary , the netherlands , portugal , spain and iceland participated in the creation of isis . 
  just to name the eu/efta countries . 
  then compare romanian wages to belgium , the netherlands , ireland or france . 
  if you want to use the classic cold-war distinction compare it to germany , austria or switzerland . 
  `` romanians earn similar salaries to western europe . 
  source : i work in portugal '' is simply wrong . 
  nuclear explosions happen in what ? 
  a hundredth of a second ? 
  and the accuracy of weather prediction goes down a lot if you look further than 3 days . 
  pretty short time in comparison to the work life of someone . 
   e.g. 
  if you live in berlin walk around neukolln no thanks . 
  too many hipsters and too much gentrification in this no-go area . 
  a trip in these boats cost money . 
  men do this trip to get asylum in the eu . 
  and once they have been granted asylum they make use of family reunion laws . 
  most eu countries have them . 
  and once family reunion is allowed , the families can board a plane to fly into europe . 
  which is not dangerous at all and way cheaper than a trip with a boat . 
  a few days ago i read that 200,000 of the 800,000 refugees germany expects this year , are actually women and children who come to germany via family reunion . 
  -- if you want to get children and families ask the unhcr . 
  refugee camps should have thousands of families where the father is no longer alive . 
  sure . 
  let 's rip apart families so we are safe from terrorists . 
  human rights ca n't stop us from stopping the destruction of our precious european values !, 
  he or she should go back to blog about shopping tips and friendships between animals and humans . 
  you did a pretty bad job at making a headline out of the part you quoted . 
  the headline sounds like the german government has endorsed or even proposed that deal . 
  in reality it 's a business decision of a multi-national consortium that is completely private . 
   `` these are company decisions that the german government has no influence over and does not try to influence , '' martin schaefer , a spokesman at the foreign ministry . 
  in 10 years , people will say germany exploited the refugees to grow the economy . 
  nice editorialization . 
  i 'm not sure how it works in poland , but in germany private companies do n't have to ask the government when they do business with other companies . 
   western countries wo n't field an army there anymore due to politics & war fatigue in europe/usa , so short of an international un or similarly led mission or short of the russians themselves coming in , it wo n't happen . 
  exactly . 
  and there will be no un mission . 
  because the un only does peace keeping missions . 
  with emphasis on keeping . 
  refugees are welcome if they are refugees . 
  ukrainians are internally displaced people . 
  which is bad enough , but no matter how you turn it , they do n't have the right to asylum . 
  what peace do you want to keep ? 
  un-style peace keeping only works if the conflict parties agree on peace keeping . 
  east-ukraine would be a situation where a peace keeping mission would make some sense . 
  and not even these two ( quite reasonable ) parties can agree on it . 
  but in syria and libya ? 
  what you need there is an invasion . 
  first you invade , then you injure and imprison as many as you can . 
  ehm , i mean you disarm them . 
  and you force them back into remote parts of the country . 
  if we would n't talk about isis , you would then force them on a table to find a solution that will lead to long-term peace . 
  once they agree and start to implement peace , you can bring in the neutral force that keeps peace . 
  but isis does n't want peace . 
  they have nothing to lose if they do n't agree to peace . 
  you ca n't threaten them with combat in their country . 
  so you let the peace keepers in their countries and you continue to fight against isis . 
  and you also fight against other groups . 
  in syria , sooner or later , you 'll fight against assad as well . 
  but of course , peace keeping sounds way nicer than this variant . 
  peace keeping sounds so neutral and non-violent . 
  it 's pretty clear that the number of rejections depend on the country of origin . 
  germany rejects half of the applications because almost half of the applicants are from balkan countries . 
  in sweden syria , eritrea and afghanistan are the most important countries of origin ; so they reject fewer people , because most applicants need protection . 
  would n't it be smarter if they would have registered these passports and let them continue to the recipient ?!, 
  in that case they could have found the people in the background . 
  now they just know the unoccupied apartment that should have received the package . 
  on top of that there would be a huge insecurity added to using stolen passports . 
  the news that the government has a list of illegal passports and every use of one of them will lead to jail instead of asylum , decreases the value of these passports tremendously . 
   because everybody who is against immigration is a nazi . 
  the guilt is strong . 
  you must have missed the news about neo-nazi riots , nazis pissing on immigrant kids , and burning refugee homes . 
  one line in the song is `` your violence is just a silent cry for love '' . 
  it 's not `` your cool-headed opinion about asylum is just a silent cry for love '' . 
  a refugee has no right to pick the host country . 
  we already have the dublin agreement , which is used to distribute asylum seekers all the time . 
  yeah . 
  no true serb would leave serbia to try to get free money . 
  yep . 
  we should learn from these countries . 
  let 's stone people to death like saudi arabia . 
  and we should copy the censorship from china . 
  we could also use some slave work like qatar . 
  and i think we also need a caste system like india . 
  europe is clearly failing the iq test . 
   who says they have to be saved ? 
  the declaration of human rights , and multiple international maritime conventions . 
  portugal is southern europe . 
  compare the salary with uk .
