   this would be equal to saying : we recognize that we did wrong , punishment for it wont happen nevertheless . 
  it 's even worse than that . 
  the law asks for a minimum prison sentence of 3 years . 
  judges can go below the minimum penalty only if there are important reasons , for example because it 's a `` less severe case '' . 
  a is-guilty verdict and not sentencing him to at least 3 years prison basically means that he had valid reasons for his wrong-doings . 
  and the judge has to justify that . 
  the danger that his criminal record has negative influence on his further life is equally low . 
  laws have minimum penalties . 
  and for `` beihilfe zum mord '' it is prison for at least 3 years . 
  [ wait until spaniards realize that only france , italy and cyprus opposed germanys position . 
  ] ( http://www.ekathimerini.com/199489/article/ekathimerini/news/italys-finmin-says-only-three-states-supported-deal-with-greece ), 
  you probably missed the part of the report that said that reforms could have worked if they were implemented as scheduled . 
  the us is not only a currency union . 
  it 's also a policy union . 
  mississippi can not decide to increase unemployment benefits to $ 10,000 per month and lower the pension age to 30 years , . 
  eu countries still have the ability to do that . 
  and it looks like not even greece wants to give away sovereignty \\ #thisisacoup, 
  and there wo n't be a transfer union without a policy union . 
  greece only wants a transfer union because muh sovereignty . 
  you know what 's funny ? 
  if you ask germans what happened with the introduction of the teuro ( a combination of teuer ( german for expensive ) and euro ) they 'll tell you that prices shot up dramatically while their incomes did not change by much . 
  unless you provide a source for spanish and italian price increases of 2 to 5 ( ! ), 
  times i do n't believe it . 
  it surprises the many people that predicted that the right to be forgotten will mainly be used by companies , criminals , politicians and public figures . 
  i am one of them . 
  you should double down on occam 's razor . 
  way too much `` someone thought that someone thought '' in there . 
  i wonder how many of these smart-asses would suggest a grexit if they had to live in greece for the next two decades . 
  `` greece should leave the eurozone '' is easily said if you sit in a nice office in the us , and all the consequences you face is that some day someone will use your article to prove that your newest smart-assery could be as wrong as the predictions about greek success post-grexit . 
  in the end , nobody gives a fuck about ivory tower economics . 
  so the imf is pushing for grexit . 
  it 's very unlikely that the eurozone members that are n't france , italy and cyprus will agree to debt relief right now . 
  after the third bailout many would have agreed on some debt relief , if greece had implemented the reforms as agreed . 
  but now ? 
  no way . 
  not in eu , not in nato and bordering russia . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  they are indeed higher . 
  64 % for sch\u00e4uble and 62 % for merkel . 
  though he will very likely fall to < 30 % if he revolts openly against merkel . 
  i blame the weather . 
  greece is not able to pay their debt , they require bailouts by other countries . 
  how can you expect that greece can keep 100 % sovereignty over financial matters ? 
  greece does n't appear to be very trustworthy . 
  what 's stopping greece from having another referendum after the bailout money was used to pay the 25 billion euro they owe to imf , ecb and treasury bill holders this year ? 
  if there is a trust fund at least greece ca n't stop the privatization of the things that are in the fund . 
  this flag is disgusting . 
  everyone knows [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ldiulmf.jpg ) is the correct one . 
  because it shows that it 's the fault of the usa . 
  what 's wrong with me ? 
  i do n't like when people inflict hate on people and try to infect others with their hate . 
  i do n't see millions of people that call for german boycotts . 
  i see a minority that tries to infect others with their hate . 
  similar to the campaign by the nsdap . 
  if you look at history you 'll see that the calls for jewish boycott were the start of the things that followed . 
  half of the posts are by joseph proudhon who seems to be pretty busy to live up to his biography `` social justice , human rights , freedom '' . 
  he seem to literally tweet his fancy image to every news outlet he can find . 
  the funny thing about twitter is that you will see less of these things if you actually have an account . 
  \\ #twitter, 
  he should go back on vacation with his daughter . 
  his interviews are n't helping . 
  but i think that 's his plan . 
  still dreaming of rebuilding greece with his ideas . 
   common sense and simple maths show that greece can never repay the debt . 
  so it 's like every other country in the world ? 
  it 's not necessary to repay debt fully , as long as you are able to get new , cheap loans . 
  just get a new loan when the old loan matures . 
  that 's how every country in the world does it . 
   he is claiming he proposed starting to implement a few reforms mutually agreed upon , but was turned down because that would be considered a ` unilateral action ' . 
  is n't that always the case as long as negotiations are n't finished ? 
  the troika did n't want to risk that greece enacts legislation with targets that will be outdated at the end of the negotiations . 
  troika was n't selling a car to greece , where the price always goes down . 
  there are actually two directions a reform target could take . 
  if troika decides that the first target of pension age increase was n't enough they 'll have a hard time changing that after greece has put it into a law already . 
  as if that is going to happen . 
  keep in mind that greece would need something like 100 billion euro over the next decade just to pay back debt . 
  * where are the bilingual postings ? 
  of course they will get access to the single market . 
  either similar to norway by joining another union , or similar to switzerland with individual treaties . 
  that will be the point were brexit-supporters realize that they have to accept eu rules like freedom of movement and a brexit wo n't get rid of all the polish plumbers . 
  and because they ca n't discriminate against eu citizens they will then change the rules for social benefits . 
  and then they realize that they could have done that instead of a brexit . 
   not sure where you got that from . 
  from the `` immessurable gratitude '' that would be shown if germany would go for debt relief . 
  germany is not the only country that is n't willing to sink money in greece . 
  i doubt that any eu country would show immessurable gratitude if we force them to forgive debt . 
  if germany would push for debt restructuring it would just be different countries that would be angry at us . 
   i stand by my claim . 
  does n't change that you are wrong . 
  look at this chart : http://graphics.wsj.com/greece-debt-timeline/ you will see that the first eurozone installment is due in june 2020 , 181.25 million euro . 
  that is money the eurozone could restructure `` without cost except getting less future profit '' . 
  the 14.8 billion euro greece has to pay back to treasury bill holders until january 2016 have to be taken from somewhere . 
  the 5 billion euro greece owes to the imf in this year have to be taken from somewhere as well . 
  and lets not forget the 6.6 billion euro the ecb wants back this year . 
  greece might be able to refinance the t-bills , but ecb and imf can not be refinanced , they have to be paid back . 
  the debt that is due in 2020 is not greece problem . 
  there is enough time for debt relief of that debt after greece has shown that it will comply with agreed measures . 
  and if it wo n't be relieved it 'll be refinanced with another long term loan . 
  it 's simply populism . 
   i do n't see the point of new loans , though .
