  how do you answer ? 
  so which country will be the european papua new guinea ? 
  you are missing the point of the australian solution . 
  they are put on islands that are n't australia , so they do n't fall under australian jurisdiction . 
  because then they do n't have a chance to request asylum in australia . 
  putting refugees on an island that is part of the eu is rather pointless . 
  especially since refugees have the right to choose their place of residence in their host country . 
  and yes , in the end everything is lack of political will . 
  with enough political will you could just kill them in death camps . 
   get drunk at the bar ? 
  that 's what they did after the photo was taken . 
  three of the 28 nato members joined after that agreement . 
  albania , croatia and montenegro . 
  because nordland went to afghanistan after the us invoked article 5 ? 
  if you want peace , prepare for war . 
  nato is our best bet for not having to fight in a war again . 
  but it only works if we 're fully committed to nato . 
  if russia knows that each of the 28 nato members do everything they can to fight back even the slightest aggression they 'll think twice before invading a country . 
  if nato members start to question their commitments the alliance will fall apart the moment russia sets foot into a nato country . 
  and that will be the moment your country lost the support of the , on paper , most powerful military alliance on earth . 
  then germany should leave nato . 
  but apparently 67 % support nato . 
  which means for a lot of germans nato is a one way street . 
  remember that one time nato invoked article 5 ? 
   staying out of afghanistan might have been the correct decision too . 
  since the us invoked nato article 5 that was not really an option . 
   nato is significantly less popular in germany 67 % favorable and 25 % unfavorable does n't seem that unpopular . 
  from the same poll : http://i.imgur.com/7uylqcl.png i would be interested in the same question but with usa , france , uk , spain instead of eastern europe as the country in conflict . 
   obviously both switzerland and the uk are going to deepen trade as a result of brexit . 
  and that 's because ? 
  trading inside the single market with no tariffs was n't easy enough ? 
   brexit opens this question too . 
  quite the opposite . 
  brexit has made clear that the eu wo n't compromise on the four freedoms . 
  which killed the hope that switzerland can get similar compromises . 
   because that 's what the west signed up for by becoming a nato member . 
  when the west signed up for nato , eastern europe was the enemy . 
  you were n't responsible for two world wars ? 
  i think lack of ~ ~ cultural exchange ~ ~ personal experience would be more fitting than lack of common culture . 
  the guest worker programs and vacationing made portugal and greece appear much closer than poland and romania . 
  what content do you create ? 
  showing low-level drug users where they can buy drugs will get you jailtime too . 
  that is illegal as well . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accessory_ ( legal_term ), 
   you know what maybe we should give the russians a place where they can launch nukes so they can fuck up your country they already have that place . 
  it 's called russia . 
  russia has intercontinental ballistic missiles . 
   spanish fighters are defending estonian skies right now . 
  and they replaced the german air force who were there for two terms . 
  maybe germans do n't have the clear connection between `` in case of military conflict with russia '' and `` russia is the aggressor and invades nato '' . 
  last year when turkey unnecessarily shot down the russian plane , would you have send troops to turkey to prevent a russian retaliation ? 
  the moment russian forces move into nato territory the polls will change . 
  but in the end it wo n't be polls that decide where the german military goes . 
  both the army and the parliament will adhere to their nato commitment like in 2001 . 
  so switzerland , a country landlocked by eu countries , should cut its ties to the eu to join the british economic union ? 
  solid plan . 
  especially when looking at trade . 
  you were saying that it 's sometimes necessary to incite violence in discussions . 
  now you 're back at the slippery slope fallacy . 
  i guess i take that as a no . 
  `` germans would n't even defend their own homeland , but as the past has shown they will defend their nato ally in afghanistan '' sounds rather stupid . 
  they were killed because that one time nato invoked article 5 germany went to war . 
   not surprising given that germans would n't even defend their own homeland . 
  the more than 50 german soldiers that did n't return from afghanistan disagree . 
   this can be done by discussing issues that are 100 % accurate . 
  can you give an example for something that is considered incitement of violence but is valuable for a debate ? 
   criticizing someone whilst mentioning one of the characteristics could be defined as hate speech under this definition . 
  `` i do n't like that scottish guy , hopped '' no . 
  it ca n't . 
  the people in the photo do n't have the authority to do any of the things you suggest . 
  i 'm wondering when that whole `` i have a flag , which means i 'm talking for my country '' thing from / r/europe went way out of hand and spread into real life . 
  now suddenly everyone in a country is responsible for anything that happens or does n't happen in a country . 
  `` hey you mister construction worker , why are you showing heart signs with your hands instead of stopping the terrorists ? 
  you know exactly who these guys are . 
  do something ! '', 
  from the [ european commission code of conduct on countering illegal hate speech ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/justice/fundamental-rights/files/hate_speech_code_of_conduct_en.pdf ) :  ** illegal hate speech ** , as defined by the [ framework decision 2008/913/jha of 28 november 2008 ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/lexuriserv/lexuriserv.do?uri=oj:l:2008:328:0055:0058:en:pdf ) on combating certain forms and expressions of racism and xenophobia by means of criminal law and national laws transposing it , ** means all conduct publicly inciting to violence or hatred directed against a group of persons or a member of such a group defined by reference to race , colour , religion , descent or national or ethnic origin . 
  i see , you have the snark on the internet covered . 
   the real thing is identify extremists and take them out of the country before thy go full on it . 
  what do you think , how many of the people work for the intelligence community and skipped work to be present at that gathering ? 
  or should the construction worker and the sales clerk join a detective club that investigates people for terrorism ? 
   they should start doing something real instead of these meaningless gestures like being angry on the internet ? 
  how does the effectiveness of these gathering compare to being angry on the internet ? 
  thank god we have brave men like you who fight against virtue-signalling , the true problem or our times . 
  i would have thanked you for your service , but you are n't even fighting terrorism . 
   in 100 years it 'll be like low-level drugs now ( cannabis etc ) where it was like `` i ca n't believe we locked people up for that . '', 
  if you run a website that sells drugs to low-level users you 'll go to jail as well . 
  you are right . 
  being angry on the internet is much more helpful in the fight against terror . 
  thank you for your service . 
  in the end a military intervention is not a decision that will be made by polls . 
  see also : afghanistan, 
   well that 's a chicken and egg problem . 
  a chicken that nobody needs because english works well as lingua franca . 
  there 's no actual need for esperanto . 
   selection bias . 
  obviously an english speaking forum is going to be dominated by english speakers . 
  true . 
  but i doubt that there 's a significant number of people who would be better in esperanto than they are now in english if they would have learned esperanto instead of english in school . 
  i learned french in school . 
  i have n't used it since .
