  he approves the number of people we want to let into the venue . 
  i do n't like it . 
  all that stuff costs plenty of time and money . 
  but i know why we have to do that . 
  i know that it 's very unlikely that someone will die on one of my events . 
  moving lights will not fall from the ceiling . 
  curtains wo n't light on fire because some crazy idiot tries to burn the venue down because his girl left him . 
  in the unlikely event that there is actually a fire , people can leave because there are enough emergency exits . 
  our crew is properly instructed in basic fire fighting procedures and we have fire extinguishers on site . 
  we also have fire retardant materials to prevent that a small fire turns into a burning hell that costs lives . 
  there 's a lot of bureaucracy that does n't make sense . 
  but risk assessment and clearing emergency ways ? 
  that stuff is important everywhere . 
  there 's basically two ways to get a work permit for germany . 
  1 . your future employer proves to the employment agency that there is no one in the eu/eea/switzerland who can do the job . 
  how hard this is depends nonetheless on the public worker who has to approve the application . 
  i 've heard from people who got requests approved because their future employee had a public blog where they talked about things that sound very technical . 
  i 've also heard from people who were asked to show that they 've tried specialised hiring agencies . 
  eu blue card program . 
  you need a university degree and a binding job offer where you earn more than 1.5 times the national average gross income . 
  less if you work in a certain shortage occupation like it , math , doctors . 
  currently for germany that 's 50,800 , respectively 39,624 $ per annum . 
  the employment agency still has to approve your request , but it 's not necessary to prove that you are the only one who is capable . 
  that 's how you do things in dresden . 
  it 's not called [ tal der ahnungslosen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tal_der_ahnungslosen ) ( valley of the clueless ) for nothing . 
  you just did n't make it into the image . 
  even 1st place if you use the 2014 `` countries that start with an i '' statistics . 
  oecd only consists of 35 states . 
  not sure why one should prefer that compared to a who statistics about 191 states . 
  as far as i know that 's some sort of fortified wine . 
  ` other ' generally means fortified wine and fermented beverages . 
  the who lists some of the traditional and local beverages in their report . 
  page 322ff http://www.who.int/substance_abuse/publications/global_alcohol_report/msb_gsr_2014_3.pdf, 
  yes . 
  that entirely depends on the negotiation results . 
  but while it 's true that we do n't know what the future will bring for your residence rights , i would not worry too much about it for now . 
  if you have the opportunity to work in germany do it . 
  the chance that germany will send you home once the uk has left the eu is quite small . 
  the most likely outcome of the negotiations is that every uk citizen who resides in germany will receive permanent residence automatically . 
  relevant for you would be the cut-off date for that . 
  theresa may has suggested that the day the uk triggers article 50 will be that date . 
  but germany does n't have to follow that . 
  anyway , when you are working in germany you have very high chances of being able to continue your stay , even when the uk leaves the eu . 
  worst case you have to apply for a residence permit . 
  which will then be rubber-stamped because you are already working here . 
  it just really does n't make sense to send employed people home . 
  after all the german company hired you because you were a good fit for the position . 
  the uk is still a eu member . 
  all benefits of eu membership are still in effect . 
  mr. zuckerberg already had censorship . 
  but he preferred to target naked breast instead of calls to kill people . 
  as a free speech advocate you should hate these rules . 
   small countries germany did the same . 
  it 's pointless to strive for permanent asylum seeker housing . 
  it takes too long and you might end up with useless housing when the number of arrivals go down . 
  any more example where poland is first in line ? 
  entrepreneurship is a stupid measure . 
  tons of these entrepreneurs are one-person businesses that deliver services that are traditionally provided by a permanently employed person . 
  and a lot of them will not make more money per hour worked than they would as an employee . 
  it does n't matter if you call your entrepreneurship necessity-driven or opportunity-driven . 
  many one-person businesses are a way to circumvent labor regulations . 
  just look at the article . 
  sub-saharan africa has total entrepreneur-levels of 28 % . 
  the best country in europe only reaches 15.8 % . 
  should we all become more like sub-saharan africa ? 
  migration streams expected to reverse any day now . 
  but is n't that the point op is making ? 
  entrepreneurship is not a good measure for innovation . 
  in sub-saharan africa ~ 28 % of the people are entrepreneurs . 
  which is a lot more than estonia 's 15.8 % . 
  op talks about the wrong hand signs . 
  there 's exactly one hand sign that can land you in prison in germany . 
  the nazi salute . 
   does anyone know how to convert a < canvas  tag in html5 into an < img  tag ? 
  dye it green and add some \\ < marquee \\  and \\ < blink \\  around it . 
   a risk assessment , cleared an emergency way for fire guard i too miss the news reports about deadly night-club fires . 
  ... by giving them 20 instead of 15 seats . 
  but which pub dyes their beer ? 
  if i 'm celebrating st. paddy 's day i want to stay true to the irish traditions . 
   can we please just do this ? 
  we already do this . 
  norway . 
  switzerland . 
  iceland . 
  that 's because the people in ireland forgot their traditions . 
  i bet they do n't even dye their beer . 
  happy st. paddy 's day to all irish-americans . 
  you do n't understand . 
  op is pointing out the huge worldwide conspiracy to attribute nazi crimes to poland . 
  if you do n't say nazi germans or nazi germany every time , people will start to think of nazi poles when you say nazis . 
  `` in a few years '' is still a few years away . 
  it 's the same stupid argument i hear all the time from self-proclaimed `` expats '' who refuse to properly learn german . 
  why should i learn the language , i 'll only work here for a few years and then i 'll return home . 
  the question is what 's stoping people from moving . 
  in many cases the answer is money . 
  if the answer is language , the answer is still money , otherwise they could take a language course . 
  the unemployed roofer from spain does n't have the couple thousand euros to make the move to germany . 
  the kid from greece that just finished school and would love to become a carpenter ca n't afford a language course . 
  meanwhile employers in germany are desperately looking for roofers and people who want to become carpenters . 
  my local hospital gives doctors that want to work with them an interest free loan for a language course .
