  that rule is per country . 
  so yes , after you have stayed in denmark for 90 days you can go to germany to stay for another 90 days , and after that you could go to switzerland to stay 90 days without registering . 
  and once you 've finished there you can go to the uk to do the same . 
  and if you register , you can stay the rest of your life in the country . 
  if you do n't have eu/efta citizenship and you travel visa free to the schengen area you can stay 90 days in the schengen area ( and romania , bulgaria , cyprus , croatia ) . 
  that rule is not per country but for the whole area . 
  you are confusing budget surplus and current account surplus . 
  boris said they export cake to france . 
   just put it in a spacecraft and send it to outer space . 
  ( and make sure the rocket does n't crash ) way too expensive . 
  a couple of years ago i did the math . 
  you would need multiple ariane starts per day to keep up with the nuclear waste that gets created worldwide . 
  with that number even the smallest mission failure rate becomes relevant . 
   nuclear fuel after purification takes much less space and it wo n't make the mine more radioactive . 
  i have a piece of uranium ore at home . 
  do you want to keep a similar piece of spend nuclear fuel rod in your home ? 
   in other words : if you attack nato member , you attack all the members , and all the members will consider that attack as if they were attacked , and take immediate actions against you . 
  and one of the possible immediate actions is joining hands and singing kumbaya , or sending a strongly worded letter . 
  nothing in article 5 says that a country has to go to war . 
   the free loaders within it baulk when the treaty is invoked . 
  like last time article 5 was invoked ? 
  so it 's exactly like nato article 5 . 
  both from the moral standpoint as well as in terms of the interests of the whole british nation , leaving the uk is an act of political and moral backwardness and depravity . 
  those who let themselves be recruited objectively serve german reaction and militarism , whether they know it or not . 
  is it not despicable when for the sake of a few alluring job offers or other false promises about a `` guaranteed future '' one leaves a country in which the seed for a new and more beautiful life is sprouting , and is already showing the first fruits , for the place that favors a new war and destruction ? 
  is it not an act of political depravity when citizens , whether young people , workers , or members of the intelligentsia , leave and betray what our people have created through common labor in our country to offer themselves to the german or french secret services or work for the german factory owners , junkers , or militarists ? 
  does not leaving the land of progress for the morass of an historically outdated social order demonstrate political backwardness and blindness ? 
  ... workers throughout britain will demand punishment for those who today leave the united kingdom , the strong bastion of the fight for peace , to serve the deadly enemy of the british people , the imperialists and militarists . 
  -- ^ ^ [ republikfl\u00fcchtlinge ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republikflucht ), 
  does nato have one ? 
  besides the awacs planes ? 
  that 's not what safe means when people are talking about asylum policy . 
  in asylum policy * safe * means that a person wo n't be persecuted on grounds that are protected by the un refugee convention . 
  protected grounds include race , caste , nationality , religion , political opinions and membership and/or participation in any particular social group or social activities . 
  if a country and its authorities do n't persecute people , and if they are able and willing to protect people who are persecuted by other groups they are considered safe . 
  the people that did n't read or did n't understand the actual law and believe that they have to show that banner deserve a slap on the face . 
  they literally disintegrate hours after you get them . 
  that 's why we need all that qe . 
  we are running out of physical money because it 's such crappy paper . 
   brexit leaders are not in the government . 
  that did n't stop them from campaigning for leaving the eu . 
  but apparently that 's something completely different from campaigning for a way how that process should happen . 
  if asylum seekers were the problem it would have been smarter for the uk to just leave schengen . 
  indeed . 
  everything continues to be awesome in the uk . 
  the continent just does n't get it . 
  so patriots resign when they can leave the union that manages the ferry service between africa and the eu ? 
  that makes sense / s, 
  where are you going ? 
  banks to frankfurt . 
  startups to berlin . 
   some people in romania are making a new open source os based on linux . 
  so they are making yet another linux distro ? 
  yay, 
  tl ; dr : everything will be awesome . 
   i do not like this haste of kicking gb out . 
  and i thought gb had a referendum and the brits decided that they want to leave the eu . 
  1500 more than frontex has today . 
  not illegal in germany . 
  in fact dual citizenship is the default for eu nationals and swiss citizens when they acquire german citizenship . 
  germany allows dual citizenship without any further requirements for eu nationals and citizens of switzerland . 
  british politicians might need to kick out eu migrants to show the electorate that they do something against the \u00dcberfremdung . 
  eu-27 politicians might be smart enough to realize that brits and other eu migrants are for the most part workers who contribute to the economy . 
  the brits who currently work in germany do that because german companies need them . 
  germany would be stupid to kick out british workers just to retaliate against the uk . 
  i wonder if farage is among them . 
  wrong . 
  the uk wants to limit benefits access for eu citizens who are actually working . 
  the eu has always allowed to cut welfare to non-working eu citizens . 
  but german courts ruled that german laws do n't allow that . 
  they mean european court of human rights https://www.amnesty.org/en/documents/eur50/002/2010/en/, 
  so why did they accept the four freedoms in the first place ? 
  is reading comprehension in switzerland as bad as it is in the uk ? 
  both joined bodies that they never wanted to be part of because they do n't like the rules . 
  they could join the eurasian union . 
   yeah but many eu decisions had already been made by all those northern countries because the eastern countries were n't members yet . 
  if only all these northern countries would have written these decisions down somewhere , so the eastern countries could have made an informed decision on whether they should join or not . 
  south korea is n't part of the single market . 
  nobody stops switzerland from getting a similar fta , after they 've left the eea . 
  but i have a feeling that switzerland does n't want that . 
  switzerland did n't want a free trade agreement , they wanted to be part of the single market . 
  nobody is stopping them from leaving the eea and them they cannegotiate a fta with the eu . 
  do you have a net positive or net negative migration rate of eu citizens ? 
  but they might want more `` commonwealth people '' , i.e. 
  more immigrants from canada , australia and new zealand . 
  as you said : `` most people just want a trade union , economic growth , an then be left alone . '', 
  in that case it does n't matter what the question is . 
  because if it contains `` should the eu do more '' the answer has to be no in all areas that do n't concern trade and economic growth . 
  any day now . 
  any day !, 
  i am really looking forward to that awesome no-ch-gb union where every country in the world wants to join . 
   if the eu did n't ban every member from accepting any non-eu official trade deal , i 'm sure almost every eu country would sign up to trade with us . 
  but of course , to allow that freedom would go against the fundamental ideals of such a protectionist bloc . 
  or maybe it 's because the eu members are part of a customs union . 
  a customs union where each member state can make their own trade agreements does n't make sense . 
  because once a good enters a customs union it is treated as an internal good . 
   most people just want a trade union , economic growth , an then be left alone . 
  the people questioned in this eurobarometer statistics disagree . 
  http://www.europarl.europa.eu/external/html/eurobarometer-062016/default_en.htm i know , i know , that are just lies by the eu propaganda machine . 
  the eu has always been much more than an economic union .
