  and i said that the uk should not be allowed to discriminate against eu citizens . 
  and if the uk thinks they can discriminate against eu citizens , they will be sued in front of the european court of justice . 
   germany has said in the past they 'll take in approximately 800,000 over the next few years . 
  it has n't . 
   regardless imo everyone is missing the real problem . 
  most of the wealthy gulf states have taken zero refugees . 
  and their reasons are n't even good . 
  and your solution to that `` real problem '' ? 
   you could say all the same things about any western country , but only the wealthy oil rich arab countries seem to be allowed to ban any refugees from entering . 
  yeah . 
  if arab countries are allowed to do it , we should as well . 
  fuck european values , from now on we will use arab values . 
  sharia for everyone . 
  because if arab countries do it , it ca n't be wrong . 
  particular germany , sweden and austria will participate in that program . 
  and i can pretty much guarantee that greece , croatia and slovenia will participate as well . 
  because the resettlement program is part of the deal to protect the turkish-greek border with a policy that allows to bring illegal migrants back to turkey . 
  so the choice for germany is : another million people via the balkan route in 2016 , or ~ 70 % of the 500,000 that will be resettled . 
  keep in mind that this program does n't mean that 500,000 people suddenly appear in europe . 
  because it 's an orderly resettlement everyone can plan accordingly . 
  if europe will look very different because it resettles 500,000 people from turkish refugee camps europe already looks very different . 
  because we reached 500,000 asylum seekers years ago . 
   try telling this to all foreign tech workers that they must pay 20 % more taxes where do they have to do that ? 
  i do n't see the point of this . 
  keep in mind that this is about in-work benefits . 
  this is not about people who like to live on welfare for the rest of their life . 
  this is for people who are in the uk and go to work every single day . 
  this is about people who do the same work as their british coworkers . 
  i 'm not seeing why a pole , german , or greek should get different in-work benefits if they do the exact same work as a british citizen in the exact same company . 
  there is no obligation to pay anything to eu citizens who are not and never were in-work in the country . 
  eu freedom of movement is for workers and other people who can support themselves . 
  eu citizens only qualify for out-of-work benefits when they have worked for a significant amount of time , and if they continue to look for work . 
  people who want to `` live off benefits alone '' do n't qualify for any benefits in the first place . 
  they do n't even qualify for being in the country . 
  realistically they wo n't join until the current crisis is under control . 
  because otherwise bulgaria will be their first country of entry . 
  and since they have a sea border as well , they face the exact same problems . 
  let them drown or let them come to schengen soil . 
  since bulgaria is n't north korea , they will choose the latter . 
  too bad that no eu country has unrestricted jus soli . 
  emphasis on ** livable ** shit-hole . 
  nobody stops uk , poland etc to find like minded allies . 
  i do n't understand how all these countries that are so suppressed by germany and its two cocksucker stay in the eu . 
  must be horrible . 
  btw , eastern europe ( i.e. 
  eu13 ) has more votes than austria , france and germany . 
   too little too late and if they actually manage to repatriate these people what is stopping them from turning around and heading for germany again ? 
  the cost of the trip . 
   it 's an absolute mess and she must share some of the responsibility with her mother theresa act at the start of all this . 
  if merkel started all this in late august 2015 , how come germany received more than 200,000 asylum seekers to that date ? 
  and how come the german federal agency for asylum already projected 800,000 asylum seekers for 2015 two weeks before she started all that ? 
  and why did hungary get 100,000 asylum requests between q2/2014 and q2/15 when all this was started only in late august 2015 ? 
  according to international law they ca n't . 
  but a deportation is a bureaucratic process that allows the receiving country to slow the process so much it basically comes to a halt . 
  you just have to be very slow in confirming the identities of people another country wants to deport . 
  merkel said that germany wo n't file dublin relocation requests for syrian refugees . 
  which means they wo n't be send back to the eu country they first entered . 
  nothing about people who are n't syrian . 
  nothing about not deporting people . 
  nothing about granting asylum to everyone . 
  30 people that the greek government claims are pakistani . 
  because pakistan took 19 pakistanis that had verified identities back . 
   the charter plane later took off with the 30 still aboard , though others that pakistan deemed legitimate deportees were allowed to disembark . 
   [ ... ]  `` despite having settled all issues with the european commissioner , pakistani laws have been violated , which absolutely can not be allowed , '' khan said . 
    he did not specify the reasons for not accepting the 30 . 
  nineteen `` verified '' deportees were allowed to disembark , a ministry spokesman said . 
  it wo n't get better if everyone leaves . 
   viktor orban says : `` we would like to maintain the freedom of movement '' in the eu . 
  the eu is doomed to fail when not even prime ministers understand the difference between freedom of movement and being able to travel without systematic border checks . 
   eu ministers will on friday discuss suspending the schengen passport-free travel zone for two years , on the basis that the migrant crisis has exposed `` serious deficiencies '' at the greek border that endanger the overall area . 
  the asylum seekers did n't board airplanes from athens to berlin , budapest , stockholm or vienna . 
  they left the schengen area when they left greece only to re-enter the schengen area in hungary and now slovenia . 
  if greece would be the only problem the schengen area would n't be endangered at all . 
  because asylum seekers actually do n't board planes . 
  they use land routes . 
  and greece is ( currently ) not connected to another schengen member via a land route . 
  because we paid billions of euro and 54 soldiers to turn their country into a livable shit-hole . 
  good luck deporting someone with unknown identity . 
  they most likely get a suspended deportation . 
  because nobody knows where to deport them . 
   all have people who claim asylum , claim money , get deported , come back , claim asylum , claim money , get deported , etc. 
  any reliable sources that say that this happens often enough that it is worth mentioning ? 
  a subsequent application is usually used as a matter of last resort after they can no longer appeal the decisions by the refugee agency . 
  they request asylum . 
  that request is processed . 
  later the request is rejected and they become obligated to leave the country . 
  they appeal that decision , which suspends the obligation to leave . 
  the appeal is processed and rejected . 
  the obligation to leave comes into effect again . 
  they then pretend to be very very sick to get confirmation from a doctor that they can not leave germany . 
  or they get a confirmation that one or all female family members are pregnant and they ca n't leave germany . 
  they file a subsequent asylum application and claim that their new medical status is relevant for the asylum decision . 
  the asylum agency processes that second asylum request and rejects it pretty much immediately because being sick is not considered a new fact that justifies a re-examination of the case . 
  you are an asylum seeker if you request asylum . 
  if you do n't request asylum you are not an asylum seeker . 
  the second quarter ended in june . 
  in germany 28,214 of the 52,730 people who requested asylum for the first time in october were from syria . 
  that 's 53.5 % . 
  in september 16,544 of 40,487 were from syria . 
  that 's 40.8 % i know , i know , basically everybody and his brother pretend to be syrian .
