  because lets face it , the eu is just the biggest economy in the world . 
  you ca n't expect that we host as many refugees as jordan . 
   otherwise how do you explain that only a very small percent choose denmark ? 
  ( rich country ) . 
  because people as desperate as refugees believe what people smugglers tell them . 
  i have talked to asylum seekers who believed that they would get interest free loans , and that a job was waiting for them . 
  and of course they would get a nice house for their family as well . 
  they were kind of shocked when they learned that all of that was a lie . 
  neither sweden nor germany are the eu countries that are the most generous when it comes to benefits for asylum seekers . 
   europe will never learn from it 's mistakes according to joseph goebbels , granting nazis freedom of expression was one of our mistakes . 
  s. 272 --  when our enemies say : ` but we allowed you freedom of expression in the past ... ' yes , you have !, 
  but that 's not an argument that we should do the same !, 
  that you gave it to use is proof that you are stupid !, 
  or it 's retaliation for a previous incident that killed two turkish pilots . 
  in 2012 , syria , allegedly with assistance by russia , shot down a turkish jet who violated the airspace of syria . 
  according to documents that were leaked by syrian opposition , syria captured the pilots alive ( in international waters ) and russia told the syrians that they should eliminate the two pilots and return their bodies to the crash site . 
  that should act as a warning for turkey to not enter hostile conflict with syria . 
   i do n't know why they do n't add much more harsh prison sentences like that they spent rest of their life in prison . 
  because like almost all civilized countries , they have a law that says `` in the eyes of the law , every person should be treated the same '' ? 
  you ca n't throw an asylum seeker in jail for life for a crime that would punish a local with 15 years max . 
   actually nobody told migrants anything , not even to board the train . 
  i know , but the chancellor still believed that the situation is comparable . 
   also austria did the same but i guess it 's the `` darkest times of our history '' only if hungary does it . 
  and orban could have called them nazi . 
   also there were constant criticism wrt situation in keleti train station for example , also before that one . 
  was hungary accused to be nazi country for that ? 
  because that 's what this is all about . 
  according to this sub literally everyone told hungary that they are nazis because literally everything they did . 
  which is just not true . 
  there was one nazi comparison by one person . 
  and not `` hungary tried , and got called nazis for doing so . '', 
  that hungary ? 
   hungary on tuesday suspended european union asylum rules requiring it to take back refugees who have travelled through hungary to other countries , and brussels immediately called on it to clarify its action . 
  http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/06/23/uk-europe-migrants-austria-hungary-idukkbn0p31zb20150623 that was in june . 
  these nazi allegations by austria 's chancellor happened in september . 
  and they were not made because hungary wanted to follow the law . 
  they were made because asylum seekers boarded a train in the belief that it would bringt them to the austrian border , but the train was stopped in bicske , where hungary has a camp for asylum seekers . 
  similar to nazi germany where nobody told jews that they will go to a concentration camp , they were told that they will be resettled to a different country . 
  sounds like what the german government wants to do as well . 
  and if nato is worth their salt they tell turkey that you do n't shoot down planes that fly over an area that is less than 3 km wide and surrounded by syria on three sides . 
  we do n't want to risk that greece comes to the conclusion that you can shoot down every plane just because they enter your territory . 
  turkey has released the radar imagery already . 
  https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cukbwtuuaaalpfl.png:large land north of cyan line is turkey , land below is syria . 
  russian jet is the red line . 
  that 's how the area looks in google maps : http://i.imgur.com/j1fbp9e.png, 
  are soup nazis allowed ? 
  please do n't tell me that the part north of the cyan line is turkey and the path of the russian plane is the red line . 
  seriously , what are we seeing here ? 
  -- edit : it is indeed like i though . 
  that 's the area on google maps : http://i.imgur.com/j1fbp9e.png turkey in the north , syria in the south , the mediterranean sea in the east . 
  and the russian jet was in turkish airspace for a whopping 2.5 kilometer . 
  totally justified to shoot it down . 
  totally . 
  but make sure they do n't leave your house , or they will get beaten up . 
  so according to you the only thing that stops a pole from killing someone who looks like a muslim is the absence of people who look like muslims ? 
  why do you have such prejudices against poles ? 
  i think nato disagrees . 
  let me guess before i read the article : ad networks can pay them to show their ads -- yeah , that 's basically code for `` we will only show approved ads '' :  according to swantee , ee is n't looking to block mobile ads entirely , but rather about offering `` more choice and control over the level and intensity of ads on mobile . '', 
  did you know that only 45 % of the people that migrated to the uk in 2014 were eu citizens ? 
  the other 55 % can already be regulated . 
  but that does n't happen . 
  the deaths are not the reason why we in europe call it a crisis though . 
  they will get their german citizenship if they speak german , are reasonable integrated and have a job where they do n't need to rely on benefits . 
  of course they will all leave to the uk the moment they receive citizenship . 
  because the uk is the bestest country in the eu !, 
  you might not know it , but germany has a higher net migration than the uk . 
  in 2014 the uk had a net migration of 318,000 people , 178,000 of them eu citizens . 
  germany had a net migration of 678,000 people , 340,000 if you only want to count eu citizens . 
  almost like the uk is n't the paradise for everyone that they want to make of themselves . 
  the eu-28 acceptance rate in q2/15 was about 45 % . 
  the crisis would still be a crisis if only people who are elligible for protection come to the eu . 
  especially if the trip is waaaay cheaper . 
  sorry that we do n't invade greece and croatia to enforce the federations border . 
  we could call it eu15 . 
  back then we were much closer to a union of similar values . 
  but our own greed has destroyed that , ca n't really blame eastern europe . 
  but no sex in theater !, 
  please do n't tell putin . 
  germany is like : we have a short coast line , so 6 subs should be enough . 
  ( u36 will enter into service soon ), 
  \\* if you remove the 15 -- 20 percent that answered with undecided . 
  am i right ? 
   the overwhelming majority of migrants entered hungary through serbia . 
  can you show me the path they took that makes hungary the first dublin regulation signatory responsible for registering them ? 
  and that was hungary 's problem . 
  because if greece does n't register them , hungary can not prove that greece is responsible for them . 
  theoretically asylum seekers could have used a boat to enter albania , montenegro or bosnia and herzegovina directly . 
  austria has it a bit easier to determine from which dublin country asylum seekers came when they cross the border between austria and hungary . 
   but just because your neighbours did your job thinking it would be a good idea not to let unknown people keep wandering across europe unhindered does n't mean that now you get to dump your responsibilities on them . 
  that 's basically how the eu works . 
  because muh sovereignty does n't allow us to work together . 
   `` public money must not be used to subsidise pornography '' - that 's all there is about this ` problem ' . 
  so if you receive state subsidies the government can dictate what you produce ? 
  and is that kind of censorship reserved for pornography , or can the government also censor plays and shows that criticize the government ? 
  where does the right of `` the piper to call the tune '' end ? 
  what 's a movement ? 
  does the occasional banter about bavaria seceding from germany count as a movement ? 
  or did i miss a serious and well supported group ? 
   except for the fact that there 's tons of things germany can do . 
  invade croatia to close their borders ?
