  the 685,000 eu citizens that move to germany each year are more than enough to offset the declining population . 
  in the last 5 years we had a net migration of eu citizens of almost 1.5 million . 
  if germany wants more people it just has to send a bus to romania or poland to pick them up . 
  because finland has ratified the un refugee convention ? 
  if anything that would be china . 
  not a single apple product that i bought in the last 5 years has ever seen california . 
  and who is going to pay for that ? 
  who pays when the bet that you can improve your economy long-term , by taking debt that you ca n't afford , fails again ? 
  the countries that are forced to austerity just ca n't afford not having austerity . 
  they could n't borrow the money they need without the backing of other eu countries . 
  which means that if the bet fails , the other eu countries will pay the bill . 
  again . 
  allowing them to take more debt than they can afford would be a fiscal transfer in disguise . 
  and that 's where `` no taxation without representation '' kicks in . 
   germany runs ludicrous surpluses but greece ( and other importers ) ca n't run deficits . 
  italy ( 1.5 % of gdp , 3 year average up to 2015 ) , spain ( 1.3 % ) and portugal ( 0.7 % ) actually have a positive current account balance . 
  10 years ago , when germany had a 3 year average current account surplus of 3.5 % instead of 7.5 % , italy had a current account balance of -0.8 % , spain -5.7 % , portugal -8.5 % . 
  in these 10 years , the three countries became net exporters . 
  in the 3 year average of 2015 belgium ( -0.2 % ) , france ( -0.7 % ) , finland ( -1.0 % ) , romania ( -1.2 % ) , greece ( -1.2 % ) , poland ( -1.3 % ) , latvia ( -1.8 % ) , cyprus ( -4.1 % ) and the uk ( -4.8 % ) have a current account deficit . 
  looks like the problem of italy , spain , portugal and greece is n't their current account balance . 
  otherwise the uk would beg for a debt cut . 
  ^ ^ ^ [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/web/macroeconomic-imbalances-procedure/current-account-balance ), 
   i also hope you realized i was being sarcastic . 
  of course, 
  wait until you hear that the maximum penalty for a violation of the mandatory school attendance laws is 6 months imprisonment in hamburg . 
  you can also be fined up to 180 days of your net income . 
  that depends on the state , and the school . 
  some schools have a zero tolerance policy against absence without legit reason , others trust parents to make more judgements . 
  fortunately that 's not possible in germany . 
  private school which want to replace the mandatory education that is provided by public school have to be certified by the state . 
  they are regulated by the state , and these schools follow the curriculum of the state quite closely . 
  you will learn in a different way , you might have more choice in picking a second language , there are probably more extracurricular activities , you might even get a laptop or a tablet pc , but you wo n't be able to not learn about islam if you attend a private school in germany . 
  which are highly regulated by the state as well . 
  private schools which you can attend to fulfill your compulsory school education also have to follow the curriculum of the state pretty closely . 
  and the curriculum of geography lessons in grade 7 of schleswig holstein , where the school in question is located , suggests a visit of a muslim cultural center or a mosque . 
  so it 's not unlikely that the private school of your choice does the same field trip . 
  and since the state has a large say in how the compulsory attendance rules are enforced your child might even be forced to participate in that trip . 
  to show anyone the finger you should think about pulling out of the country . 
  depending on the school the parents will get fined for even a single day absence without having a legit reason . 
  and there are basically no legit reasons outside of actually being sick , or important family events like a funeral or a wedding . 
  some schools take compulsory school attendance very serious . 
   if german government does n't pay for mosques what turkey should do may i ask ? 
  why do n't the turks in germany that want to go to these mosques pay for it ? 
  if nobody would tell them , most would probably not even realize that they have a mosque in their neighborhood . 
  the average german mosque looks like [ this ] ( http://www.heute.de/zdf/zdfportal/blob/45393870/1/data.jpg ) . 
   it 's just a service provided by the government and the churches actually pay for that service . 
  it gets really cheap if you are okay with 99 % guilty and no further requirements instead of 100 % proven guilty and 100 % accountable . 
  they spent the least on their military , so they get the country that spends the least on its military among these powerful nato members . 
  everything regarding school is forced in germany . 
  there are very very few things that allow an opt-out . 
  but obviously , if your child attends everything anyway , you wo n't notice that . 
  in any way , your finger will just be followed by an order to pay a fine . 
  indeed . 
  back when i was in school i was inculcated to become a muslim-jewish-hindu-christian-christian . 
  because we visited sites of worship of the 4 major religions that were available and willing to host school trips . 
  but i guess i 'm still white european , because i was forced to attend two christian sites of worship . 
   each of the alliance 's major powers is sending troops to bolster the defenses of the countries bordering russia , so while germany is helping lithuania , poland will be protected by the us , latvia to be manned by the canadians , and britain is to help reinforce estonia . 
  3 hours and no broomstick jokes ? 
  and how many of 1.1 million pakistanis who live in the uk were part of the rotherham scandal ? 
  that eastern europeans are overrepresented in property crimes is also a fact . 
  it still makes you a xenophobe if you say shit like `` hating poles is justified because they steal cars '' . 
  maybe the economists should stop talking about the imminent collapse of the eurozone . 
  it wo n't happen in the foreseeable future . 
  for people who do n't speak german : translation by google :  [ lol , this article was originally published in english , then translated into german and is now distributed here along with a link to google translation in english in the comments . 
  to find at the end of the article : translation from the english : florentin schumacher ], 
  the end is near !, 
  when xenophobes complain about other xenophobes ... 
  thank you for your service . 
  yesterday 's headline :  [ dw : man beaten to death after urinating behind a church ~ ~ in freiburg ~ ~ ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/man-beaten-to-death-after-urinating-behind-a-church-in-freiburg/a-36113497 ), 
  we have the european defence agency ( eda ) . 
  but as usual because of fears of losing sovereignty , these agencies always only start with the purpose of coordinating between eu member states . 
  but it can certainly be turned into a eu version of darpa , and the common defense fund is a step in that direction . 
  of course it 's just a small step because , you knew it , sovereignty of the individual members . 
  with the current size of the eu , unanimity becomes harder and harder . 
  unanimity should be replaced with `` almost unanimity '' , otherwise the eu will be deadlocked in various areas . 
  just look at the rule of law procedures . 
  it requires unanimity to sanction a eu country for their rule of law violations . 
  and if a country like hungary comes and says `` we 'll veto any sanctions against poland '' , and poland returns that favor by saying `` we 'll veto any sanctions against hungary '' the rule of law procedures are dead . 
  you can basically do whatever you want if you can find an ally that wants to violate the rule of law with you . 
  no problem . 
  if they agree to common consolidated corporate tax base . 
  if he does n't leave the terminal he wo n't go through customs . 
  passport checks happen right after exiting the plane , everyone who leaves the plane has to go through them . 
  everyone who leaves a plane from outside the schengen zone in frankfurt goes through passport checks before even entering the terminal . 
  passport control does n't happen at the terminal exit where customs are located . 
   by doing exactly what happened in south stream that germany was so against . 
  [ reuters : merkel urges bulgaria to seek new talks with putin on south stream ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-bulgaria-gas-southstream-iduskbn0jt1ni20141215 ), 
  renegotiation attempts ? 
  you mean demands . 
  in a renegotiation you offer something . 
  the uk threatened to leave if her demands are n't fulfilled . 
   then why not pipeline through belarus or baltics and poland ? 
  because it 's cheaper if you do n't have to pay transit fees to anyone ? 
  i 'm not sure why poland or the baltics should be entitled to transit fees . 
   easy . 
  because germans only want solidarity when it suits them . 
  was n't it the visegrad group that suggested `` flexible solidarity '' ? 
  if russia and ukraine ca n't agree on purchase conditions , ukraine tends to just take gas out of the pipelines anyway . 
  russia then reacts with shutting down or lowering the pressure in the pipeline . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russia\u2013ukraine_gas_disputes here 's an excerpt from the article about the 2009 dispute :  on january 2 , a day after russia cut off gas supplies to ukraine , hungary , romania and poland were the first countries to report that pressure in their pipelines had fallen .
