  he does n't give a flying fuck about greece . 
  he has no idea about the problems of greece either . 
  otherwise he would have realised that it wo n't help greece to change to the us-dollar where greece has even less say than in the euro . 
  `` greece ' problem is that it ca n't set its own currency policy . 
  we therefor recommend to switch to another currency where greece has even less say . '', 
  inb4 local crime !, 
  one should n't forget the weather either . 
  an inversion can stop [ smoke from escaping ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b9/smokeceilinginlochcarron.jpg ) . 
  if you have two identical cities the one with the inversion on top of it will show much worse pollution levels . 
  it 's pretty pointless to compare different locations at an arbitrary point of time . 
  i do n't see how they will divide the eu . 
  the current bilateral units do n't leave anyone out . 
  if a country decides to increase bilateral or multilateral cooperation they will find a partner that is willing to work with them . 
  you ca n't force something like an eu army from the top . 
  it 's much better to grow it naturally from the bottom . 
  west coast = best coast, 
  what are you trying to tell us ? 
  because they were send under the eu civil protection mechanism and were coordinated by the emergency response coordination centre . 
  the eu send people from france , portugal , spain , sweden and finland to chile . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/echo/news/european-union-sends-help-fight-chile-forest-fires_en http://ec.europa.eu/echo/news/eu-deploys-187-experts-fight-chiles-worst-wildfires-50-years_en, 
  the co2 footprint of food production is much larger than the co2 footprint of transport . 
  if you compare off-season fruits and vegetables there 's a good chance that the imported one has a lower co2 footprint than the local or pseudo-local ( i.e. 
  europe ) grown one . 
  but the smartest choice to limit the co2 footprint is still to eat less meat . 
  thank you for your service . 
  i think everyone is underestimating the complexity . 
  i would be surprised if they manage to finish the negotiations within the 2 year timeframe . 
  and i 'm not even talking about trade . 
  i still believe it would be best if the uk joins the eea and the eu customs union temporarily ( i.e. 
  automatic exit after 5 years ) , so they do n't have to negotiate about the four freedoms right now . 
  use the 2 years to negotiate things related to other issues to guarantee an orderly exit from the eu . 
  then use the time after brexit to solve trade and the freedom of movements to orderly leave the eea and the customs union . 
  right now i see a good chance that the uk will crash out of the eu in march 2019 . 
  which will hurt all of us . 
  per manufacturing $ gdp would definitely make us look much better . 
   there is no reason not to have negotiations beforehand apart from an arbitrary , non-sensical rule . 
  there is . 
  if the eu starts negotiating now the uk is the one that will set the timeframe . 
  they can delay triggering article 50 until they are satisfied with the negotiation results . 
  which would also allow them to use their ( veto ) power in the eu institutions as bargaining for the negotiations . 
  right now they have that power for precisely two years after the negotiations started . 
  after that they can no longer veto anything . 
   why offer this when countries are threatening to expel uk citizens . 
  i am not sure why you are trying to rewrite what happened . 
  nobody is seriously threatening to expel uk citizens . 
  there are just many things that have to be discussed that concern the affected people . 
  what is the uk position on eu citizens that are currently part of a municipal council ? 
  will they have to resign because eu citizens will no longer be electable ? 
  can they be part of the council until the next election ? 
  will they grandfather the passive voting rights of individuals who are currently part of a council ? 
  what about discriminating against workers from eu countries who are currently in the uk ? 
  will they be treated like third country nationals or will you continue to treat them like locals ? 
  what kind of residence permit will people get ? 
  what will be the limits of these permits ? 
  should uk citizens that are currently living in another eu country get a residence permit that is valid in all eu countries , or just the country of their current residence ? 
  `` we wo n't expel anyone '' does n't mean anything meaningful . 
  we definitely have to discuss how many rights the affected citizens should lose . 
  it 's only really simple stuff if `` eu citizens get to remain in the uk '' means `` we wo n't deport them '' . 
  anything else needs negotiations . 
  will uk citizen be treated like third country nationals or like defacto eu citizens ? 
  what will happen to uk citizens that are currently part of a city council ? 
  will they have to resign because only eu citizen are electable ? 
  the question is not if we kick them out of the country , that wo n't happen . 
  the question is how many rights do we take away . 
  so which small country was sanctioned for breaking the deficit rules ? 
  which small country was sanctioned for violating the threshold of mip indicators ? 
  as they say in america : who pays the piper calls the tune . 
  to prevent you from invading belarus . 
  you accidentally forgot to talk about the judicial branch . 
  that feeling when you think that the hostilities will go away when the old people die and then you read that 18 to 29 year olds are the most belligerent in the poll and 15 % of them would go to war to keep kosovo in serbia . 
  as opposed to 10 % in the whole population ... 
  except his hands . 
  they are just sized above average . 
  it 's true . 
   how did they manage to pronounce it right then ? 
  they listen to it and write it down like they would say it if the words were in their language . 
  they then use that to learn the text . 
  they do n't care about the spelling , they only care about the pronunciation . 
  other countries only send men to backward countries to avoid all that head covering kerfuffle . 
  but it 's neither mandatory nor banned . 
  because in europe the rule is to do whatever the fuck you want , as long as you do n't hinder anyone else in exercising their freedoms and rights . 
  in societies like iran the rule is to do what the official interpreter of allah 's words wants . 
  that 's the difference . 
  no european country would force a delegation from iran to remove their hijabs . 
  the whole delegation leaves the country and takes all the business deals with them . 
  iran wants these deals as well . 
  how about not wearing hijabs ? 
  like it 's suggested by a iranian `` feminist '' group : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/iranian-women-in-my-stealthy-freedom-campaign-call-on-western-tourists-to-violate-headscarf-law-to-a6996136.html do you think iran would have imprisoned the swedish delegation if they did n't comply to hijab laws ? 
  onions and sausage fried in a pan ? 
  then add ketchup , and water to thin the sauce ? 
  in that case i know that too . 
  i believe this recipe is known throughout eastern germany . 
  i cook this at least once a month . 
  no no . 
  the current defence is `` it was accidental '' . 
  the arson was accidental and occurred when the protesters 's expandable molotov cocktail happened to slip onto the victim 's car . 
  a question could n't be more loaded . 
  jeez . 
  i have the feeling you are posting this so you can brag to your donald friends that you have been banned from \\ / r/europe again . 
  did no other attacks happen in the year since that video first aired ?
