  the bundespolizei report mentions a raid against a gang who stole more than 500 multi-function steering wheels from freight trains that contained factory new cars . 
  -- the bka has published the general crime statistics in may already : [ pks 2015 ] ( https://www.bka.de/de/aktuelleinformationen/statistikenlagebilder/polizeilichekriminalstatistik/pks2015/pks2015_node.html ) . 
  that contains all other crimes in germany . 
  property crimes in areas that are n't the responsibility of the bundespolizei has increased by 1.8 % between 2014 and 2015 . 
   ( i find this very confusing because based on wikipedia both destruction of property and theft should be a subgroup of `` crimes against wealth '' ) the bundespolizei sorts their crime areas a bit more detailed because they are only responsible for a very small fraction of crimes in germany . 
  if it does n't involve trains , train stations , airports or borders the federal police does n't get involved . 
  for example 130,407 of the 153,731 `` crimes against wealth '' were bef\u00f6rderungserschleichung , which basically comes down to using a train without a valid ticket . 
  15,333 of the 41,789 `` other crimes such as destruction of property '' were graffitis . 
  theft is basically only theft inside trains , train stations and airports . 
  it 's just crime that falls into responsibility of the bundespolizei . 
  overall 6,330,649 crimes were recorded in 2015 . 
  compared to 6,082,064 in 2014 , a 4.1 % increase . 
  the bka has published their crime statistics a while ago . 
  back to topic , for example 130,407 of the 436,387 crimes that the bundespolizei recorded were bef\u00f6rderungserschleichung , i.e. 
  using trains without a valid ticket . 
  does n't change the year-long delays though . 
  because tvs are comparable to military transport aircraft . 
  so you pulled that out of your ass . 
  have you even read the sub headline ? 
   ## britain will be fastest growing g7 economy this year , says imf ##   ### fund 's world economic outlook report predicts uk will avoid recession in 2016 but warns of longer-term impact of brexit vote ###   the international monetary fund has predicted the uk will be the fastest growing of the g7 leading industrial countries this year and accepted that its prediction of a post-brexit-vote financial crash has proved to be overly pessimistic . 
    but while the washington-based imf said britain would have a `` soft landing '' in 2016 with growth of 1.8 % , it stuck to its view that the economy would eventually suffer from the shock eu referendum result and said expansion next year would be just 1.1 % -- lower than it expected in the immediate aftermath of the brexit vote . 
  the voting is rigged !, 
  so brave . 
  thank you for your service . 
   time is against the eu . 
  why is that ? 
   how long did it take to secure our borders ? 
  1.5 years ? 
  that 's what happens when the eu is given a border protection agency that has 0 border protection officers and 0 powers . 
  because the member states love their sovereignty they designed frontex as an agency that does illegal migration statistics and manages cooperation between member states . 
  the eu ca n't `` secure the border '' because it has neither the authority nor the power to do so . 
   for a bit i felt better for my country . 
  wait until you meet someone from north korea !, 
  double fun fact : they do exist now . 
  you should sue the editor of wikipedia !, 
  only the donors that do n't want contact to their child . 
  it 's about rights of the child , not rights of the father . 
  a child ca n't choose that their mother does it the old way . 
   many german-turks consistently work to gain political influence ca n't be that many considering that i do n't know a party that specifically caters to german-turks . 
  yet they prefer staying in germany . 
  what does that tell us about turkey ? 
   ### the director of the firearms proof house of li\u00e8ge , jean-luc stassen , has an arrest warrant issued against him . ###   the statement was made by the prosecutor 's office of li\u00e8ge tuesday afternoon . 
  the man , suspected of falsification and use of falsification , as well as of misappropriation , declared before the justice system in the morning . 
  he presently denies the charges . 
    the weapons proof house of li\u00e8ge , as well as the residence of the director of this entity were searched thursday . 
  at least one weapon was found in these operations , stated monday the prosecutor 's office . 
    these searches are a follow-up to police information provided . 
  the judiciary suspects the man in his fifties of having altered the main firearms registry ( rca ) to remove collectible pieces in order to then sell them on the black market . 
    the proof house is an institution of the justice spf in charge of the destruction of firearms seized by the justice system . 
  following the weapons law of 2006 , the institution has been in charge of other tasks as well , including the neutralization of certain weapons . 
  germany wanted south stream too . 
  did n't help . 
  denmark is one of the countries that is usually very very concerned about the eu taking away their sovereignty . 
  but when they fear to make a decision on their own they are willing to let the eu rule over their own territory . 
  but well , if it allows the government to save face by saying `` the eu forced us to allow north stream 2 '' instead of `` the danish government has no problem with north stream 2 '', 
  then denmark should make that decision . 
  it 's their territory after all . 
  why not russia ? 
   its how the state broadcast system works in states that have them ... not in germany though . 
  the government is not involved in financing the public broadcasters . 
  they neither set nor collect the fees . 
  they also do n't decide which media gets how much money . 
   ehm , the german public television works on exact the same basis . 
  are you talking about deutsche welle or ard , zdf and the others ? 
  because the latter are not on the government payroll . 
  german public broadcasting is not financed by taxes . 
  it 's financed by a fee . 
  the safeguard against too much political influence is that the government is not involved at all in financing public broadcasting . 
  if it were financed by taxes the government could cut spending easily . 
  the [ ausreichend ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/academic_grading_in_germany ) - mensch . 
  if ~ ~ the achievement ~ ~ the human has notable errors , but besides that the standard has been met . 
  i 'm still not sure if either of them was spoken by a very good software or by a real person . 
  did you include the base price ( i.e. 
  grundpreis ) into that calculation ? 
  if i break down my 7.50 $ per month base price to kwh , i end up at roughly 0.30 $ per kwh . 
  consumption price on paper is around 0.25 $ per kwh, 
  0 . drink lots of beer and eat many bratswurst with sauerkraut 1 . let the us pay for your defense 2 . come up with the idea of the euroreich that you control 3 . lure everyone into the euroreich 4 . force everyone in the euroreich to adopt a common currency that you control 5 . exploit every country east and south of you 6 . underbid every country west and north of you 7 . let in 15 trillion refugee so merkel becomes secretary-general of the un , which would allow you to control the whole world so you can get that unemployment to 2 % or something like that . 
  it 's not just unemployment that decreases , employment numbers actually increase . 
   especially since mosques are relatively recent in germany , and as such do not have a cultural component in any way . 
  contrary to popular believe , in germany you also learn about things that are n't germany . 
  in this particular case the field trip to the mosque happened embedded in grade 7 geography lessons , which are about `` the orient '' . 
  an orphan has legal guardians as well . 
  we learn about other cultures as well . 
  last time this topic came up i did a bit of research , and the curriculum of schleswig-holstein suggest a field trip to a mosque in grade 7 geography lessons . 
  the main topic of grade 7 is `` the orient '' . 
  12 year olds go to bars during school trips in hungary ? 
   postponed/cancelled postponed . 
  the phase-out was never cancelled . 
  the merkel government did not change the law that forbids the construction of new nuclear reactors in germany . 
  please make up your mind . 
  either they come for the welfare , or they want to stay undetected . 
  judging by your flag and our immigration statistics , you are probably already on your way . 
  you usually do n't go to court . 
  you pay the fine and talk to your child . 
  in this particular case the fine is quite high . 
  because the parents decided to leave their child at home . 
  usually it 's the child that decides to stay at home without the parents knowing . 
  in these cases the fines for first offenders are lower because the fine is used as a friendly reminder to make sure that your child attends school . 
   which part , the part where the kids drink ? 
  ooooor what ?
