  cia hoards exploits without disclosing them to manufacturers . 
  who would have thought . 
  what do you want to tell us ? 
   or you can do what the uk does and take a smaller number of refugees directly from camps in the middle east . 
  every single eu country participated in unhcr resettlement of syrians from refugee camps . 
  please stop pretending that the uk came up with this awesome idea . 
  who exactly supports isis ? 
  last time i checked basically every country in the world fights against isis . 
   if i was a syrian id sure as fuck rather live in government controlled territory than in a territory controlled by rebel/jihadist groups obviously . 
  because the opposition does n't have planes . 
  so they ca n't throw barrel bombs at you . 
   okay mr. armchair general , tell me how do you take a city without destruction and suffering of civilians . 
  you follow the cease-fire which was meant to allow civilians to leave and to provide aid to the besieged parts of aleppo . 
  large parts of the syrians disagree . 
  that 's why there was unrest that lead to the civil war . 
  low effort, 
  it exists by name . 
  ebcg wo n't do day to day operations . 
  in the next crisis we 'll realize that they are as useless as frontex if it comes to actually enforcing borders . 
  it 's not really an implementation , we already have the means to do multi-speed eu . 
  it 's more like a change in principle . 
  currently the eu aims for unanimity with the consequence of having less cooperation . 
  in a multi-speed eu , members might cooperate on eu level against the will of individual countries . 
  let 's take defence cooperation as an example . 
  if we do that according to current principles , we 'll listen to countries like ireland . 
  they want to stay neutral , so they wo n't agree to defence cooperation if it 's not strictly about defence of the territory of the eu . 
  as a consequence cooperation will stay relatively shallow . 
  maybe shared procurement and regular defence training together . 
  if france , germany and 7 others ( [ enhanced cooperation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enhanced_cooperation ) ) do the multi-speed version of defence cooperation it will very likely extend to eu designated military deployments outside of the territory of the eu . 
  and ireland ( i do n't know their actual stance on that , just an arbitrary example ) does n't want to be part of that . 
  but they would like to be part of a more shallow defence coordination . 
  but germany , france and the others might say that they have to participate in eu designated military deployments to get the advantages of shared procurements . 
  if multi-speed is n't done right , there 's a good chance that it 'll tear the eu apart . 
  multi-speed is a huge policy shift . 
  we switch from `` everyone has a say '' to `` take it or leave it '' . 
  fake news !, 
  trump eats well done steak with ketchup . 
  he 's a man of the people !, 
  might be a severe case of `` everything from the eastern bloc is shit '' syndrome . 
  we had that in the gdr as well . 
  after the fall of the wall people stopped buying products that were made in eastern germany . 
  because everyone wanted the products from the west . 
  no matter if it was better than what we had . 
  if it was n't made in west germany it was shit . 
  as a consequence many food producers in the east had to close . 
  a decade or so later people realised that not everything was crap . 
  and many of the products are now back in the shelves . 
  as long as eastern europe believe without any doubt that nutella is the superior product , they will continue to buy shitty nutella . 
  not quite . 
  1,411,198 turks in germany were allowed to vote . 
  of them 575,564 voted . 
  of them 59.7 % voted akp . 
   the lisbon treaty does allow member countries to do more enhanced cooperation if they choose to , so if the rest of the eu wants to do that without us , it 's not like we could stop them . 
  though using that option of enhanced cooperation is a bit frowned upon . 
  because it 's against the spirit of the eu , which is unanimity . 
  that 's why we are having the current discussion about multi-speed eu . 
  the question is if the eu in the future should seek unanimity with the side effect of having less cooperation , or if `` enhanced cooperation '' ( i.e. 
  9 eu countries can start cooperation without the consent of the others ) with higher levels of cooperation is the way to move forward . 
  that 's also why there are countries that do n't want multi-speed eu . 
  there are plenty of areas where there 's unanimity about having cooperation . 
  but at the same time there are vast differences between the level of cooperation countries want . 
  and when the eu goes straight to enhanced cooperation , and 9 countries can agree on a proposal , the country that wants less cooperation is fucked . 
  because now its only choice is participation or no participation . 
  with the principle that prefers unanimity over more cooperation they can water down the level of cooperation . 
   what does the etiquette say ? 
  why not simply force them to change it . 
  it says sprite . 
  so what should it say ? 
  `` sprite uk edition '' ? 
  and then it would be okay ? 
  so nutella would label their products `` nutella poland edition '' and suddenly it 's okay that it is of lesser quality ? 
  i can link a case . 
   a series of acid attacks on women in the iranian city of isfahan starting sometime around october 2014 , has raised fears and prompted rumours that the victims were targeted for not being properly veiled . 
  as of october 27 , at least eight and as many as 25 such attacks have occurred in isfahan . 
  at least one woman is dead and another ( 26-year-old sohelia jorkesh ) , has lost the sight from at least one eye ( doctors are attempting to save her other eye ) . 
  many more have severe burns to their hands and faces . 
    the attacks have generally been carried out by assailants on motorbikes wearing helmets with visors down to hide their faces , who fling acid into the faces of women who are walking or in automobiles . 
    https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/acid_attacks_on_women_in_isfahan so yeah , might still be a muslim with a strange interpretation of honor . 
   you do a statistical analysis , if there is a statistical difference they are guilty . 
  sprite sold in the uk contains less sugar than sprite sold in austria . 
  is the coca cola company guilty ? 
  it 's a way to undermine the secrecy of a ballot . 
  say you pay someone 5 $ to vote for your party . 
  normally the voter can take your money and then they can vote for whoever they want because the ballot is secret . 
  if you can make them use a pre-filled ballot you know that you got a vote for your money . 
  in germany we currently have a discussion to ban taking photos of your ballot when voting . 
  people say it 's stupid because secrecy of the ballot does n't mean that you are not allowed to tell people who you voted for . 
  but if taking photos is n't banned someone could be forced to prove to his friends , partner , club or even party that they made the `` correct vote '' by taking a photo of the filled out ballot . 
  if taking photos are banned you can say that they did n't allow you to take the photo of your ballot . 
  so you can use that excuse and still vote for whatever party you want . 
  that 's also the reason why you theoretically need to have a reason to vote per mail . 
  so your partner or your friends ca n't watch you while you cast your vote . 
   in any case not everything shows up in those anyway . 
  if facebook makes a profit in europe , it 's almost exclusively the us that actually profits . 
  or apple . 
  almost all of their items that are sold in europe are made in china . 
  looking at the trade statistics of countries like the us does n't show the whole picture . 
  ladies and gentleman , we might have found the one country the us has a trade surplus with ( at least in one year ) in 2014 vanuatu exported goods worth 6.47 million us-dollar to the us . 
  at the same time they imported goods worth 11.6 million us-dollar from the us . 
  largest import from the us were prefabricated buildings valued at 5 million us-dollar ( which sounds a lot like a one time purchase ) .
